This is Sports Radio. Our sales department, they're all the anti-Christ baby. You're all a bunch of suckholes, you're idiot. Sports Radio 560 WGQAM, my amy for Loderdel, presents the Neil Rogers Show. They're talking to the old call. 566-0560 told free, redated, brahring, or pound 560 on your cell phone. The old convenience of Neil, his guest's callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM. They're the best babysitter for the busy, redact position, or the busy broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560 QA, helps you. Thanks, orgasms. I'd take 4 play. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Nice things, be safe. Like the sea's bushing, but there's news. We swim in night and night. Oh, right. We swim in night and night. We swim in night and night. We swim in night and night. We swim in night and night. We look like kids, kids, and tired. We sing like a bunch of friendly, wild, old, old, old, old. We sing our ages, we die and sing. We swim in night and night. We sing our ages, we swim in night. We sing our ages, we die and sing. We sing our ages, we die and sing. We sing our ages, we die and sing. We sing our ages, we die and sing. We sing our ages, we die and sing. We sing our ages, we die and sing. We sing our ages, we die and sing. We sing our ages, we die and sing. We sing our ages, we die and sing. We sing our ages, we die. We sing our ages, we die and sing. We sing our ages, we die and sing. We sing our ages, we die and sing. You're ready, ready, ready. Right hand. like what's going on in there? What is this that we're listening to? Poor Tommy, you know, who's having a rough hair day as it is? Poor Tommy under the gun and one of our sales holes rashes in there because God forbid we should miss a spot. Can we afford to miss a spot? No. Now when you got a page on Henry All I have money, we can't afford to be missing no spots, baby. So one of our sales ass holes and believe me, this place is loaded with sales ass holes. I forgot to tell you this. So I come back to work this morning after a great vacation in Amsterdam. Lots of drugs and sex by the way. And I get on a elevator and comes up to the send one of our sales. I don't even know who the hell she is. Some young lady tall. One of our sales people. Pretty pretty skinny. No, she was nice brown here. Yeah, sorry. Sharia is on there. And so it stops at the second floor because she's getting off there. So to speak. And the door opens at the elevator. And here's the whole sales department stand out there because nobody could get in. And you got the key. And I said, boy, what a welcome party. This is I just went away for like eight or nine days and the whole sales department's down there welcoming me back. Oh, Harry Sarner, Steve Noodleberg, all those Jews. They're all down there. I thought about picking a lock for him. It was it was a beautiful thing. I just cracked up. That was that was welcome back to the building meal. And what you just heard was one of our friend excels people rushing in there with one of our typical crappy pieces of copy that even my dogs would write better copies. Even my little pinchers, the pinched better than the crap that they hit up. And this poor kid is sitting in there who had best on a good day is hard pressed to read a piece of copy. Okay. In fact, Igor has to hold a gun to was head to get him to do it right. When he's recording the stuff, but they had a missing live and a stand there hovering over and pacing back and forth like it expect like a pregnant Fox and a chicken group. God, it's unbelievable. Even we can get that spot that reading off the thing. I just keep playing it over and over again all day. So anyway, what did I miss? Must have missed him. Have you do it? Yeah, let's play it. Come on. Tommy wants the publicity. Okay. He said yes. Play it over and over again. Yeah. At least then whoever the spot was for, which I don't even know who was for. FEMA. Oh, FEMA. Hey, he's the employee of the month's month. Uh, kind of some slack. Tommy is the only of the month for what they haircut. The eyebrow. Was that it? Which one? He's only caught one. He's only got one eye. Brow. Well, of course, this is kind of a low brow place anyway. So what do you expect? WQAM or first call welcoming back to the show? Yeah, mell. Welcome back. Yes, sir. You're welcome. I mean, wow. We really missed you. What does that mean? Did you let Georgia understand it swinging all week and the show, too? Yeah, it was like being his hideaway, potatoes, repeat. It wasn't bad. It just wasn't you. Yeah. And now that you're back. What are you going to be doing? Hoppy? Yeah. No, I mean, as far as what do you think about hockey? What do you think about the team? What gives play those were the three? What do I think about what team? The panthers. Well, what's the difference? What what what is the big changes? I just thought that maybe you thought they were going to be more competitive. This year. They think they've been stuck in. I'm stuck in. I got to hear call up. Okay, I'm glad that that guy called call up 1700. Call up laughing and last start laughing. Okay. Which I noticed there on the ear now, right? Oh, my God. So what are you going to be doing? You're going to be doing hockey? No, no. I'm going to be talking to assholes like you pal. That's what I'm going to be doing. The only difference being that I'm loaded with a vinegar and whatever goes with it. WQAM. Okay. See? That's what I'm going to be doing. Talking to assholes just like that jacket. That was probably him. WQAM. Who's that? Who's one? Wait, what was that call? It's some jacket. It's another sports nerd. Wait, turn it. Yeah, this guy should be tuning into 1700 in a sports station, which I'm going to give him a lot of publicity, even though they're all paranoid around here and they'll want to mention on the ear, I guess. Well, that's stupid. He don't know hockey if he's a hockey puck went up his rectum. First of all, who do health care is about what am I going to be talking about? How much is it for? They're nothing for me. Oh, exactly. That's right. Tell him man. I'm not jam him. I went back to me. Okay, it's that. All right. Let's hear it for this guy. He's fired up at piss stop. Thank you so much to that first guy that sports nerd. I think he was just a put on. He was a make-believe sports nerd. I'm driving in this morning in between listening to my CDs, which is basically what I do. I did turn over. I heard that dead man on ear, I am on Waffen on 1700. I'm at stiff competition. They joined it in progress. In other words, they played a promo for these two live Jews from Fort Latterdale that are on some syndicated things that I've been doing in a local sports nerd show that are on right now. And they're running their promo and then the promo ends and they come back to I'm listening like in the middle of a sentence. Kind of like Mike Tyson in the middle of a long sentence. I'm believable. Not that it makes any difference in his case. So he's still talking about the farm and about his punk you little kid making a lot of noise in a same old crap. Oh, well that's really too bad. I'm in. And I thought this is going to be heavy duty. By the way, there was a trend that came out on Friday. We had the ratings that came out the spring rating book. We kicked serious big gigantic smelly back to them all over the place. And this trend that came out on Friday, which I have the numbers right here. I'm going to tell you the big story. Well, I'm a year listening to the big story in this trend right now. I'll tell you that. Make no mistake about it. I don't want to sound so serving, but I will anyway. We had a gigantic and unbelievable trend. Anybody here at a block came in this morning and said, nice job. Of course, I don't know what he was talking about. When he says nice job, it could mean a whole lot of different things. You don't want to say, you follow what I'm talking about. My drift. Maybe he was talking about my trip to Amsterdam. Mind your own business. Okay, block your just jealous. Did we see Greg this morning by the way to tell us great, great, great book. No, great anything. He toured his bonus yet from the last book. No, same old story, same old bunch of putwackers. That's why Tommy got put into that catch 28. Right there at the end of the god damn worst thing this morning. That's why. Because this place is a god damn joking and spite of it we're kicking ass. And I'm going to tell you the big story in this latest trend. There's a clue. There is a clue for you. Okay, there's a hint. This bitch has reached new levels, the likes of which you never thought were possible. Okay. He has taken the once tangible Rick and Sus and audience in the afternoon. And just as I predicted, Pete Folger, you were assassin. You backstabbing piece of crap. Just as I predicted. They're on in a morning doing, you know, they got to a certain point at kind of level off. They're doing okay, not great. Just like I predicted, the only success you had was Rick and Sus in the afternoon, which they belong in the afternoon, by the way. You don't want to talk about it. And so they got a little bit of a number in the morning and the whole afternoon audience that they built up over there. I'm stupid talk. It's all it's gone. They're being gone. Get the search party out there. God. Misrible, talentless bitch. Rumor I heard that she's going to be, she's going to be back at Tar King to move Bolsy next week. There's going to be change in tires. Yeah, they're going to be doing tires. 10 past 10 at 5, 60 WQM. The crazy I must be not. I must be crazy. I must be not. Tonight on VH1. It's 80 flashback. The big 80s. 80s, one hit wonders. Where are they now? The 80s years. 80 storytellers and 80s, 80s, the new 80s series that means 80s tribute to the 80s band of the 80s who had number one 80s and the 80s. From years to night at 80s clock. Right after behind the music looks at weird al-yankovic. The H1. If you want to see the music up today. Just wait another 20 years. Which reminds me by the way, thank God that we're almost past 999. Oh God. Talk about a sickness. Talk about a mental obsession. Thank you, Robert Greeper, to promote it. Here's for a lot of deal. Yeah, what's this room I hear? Phil's called Come Down here on the 29th on the top of the top of the top. Josie? That's what I heard on the other side. Sounds logical to me. I've got that story here. You beat me to a pal. Phil's going to be syndicated. Well, I'll let him be fine. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Well, that guy's right on top of it. This audience may be on to something. Okay? Because our good friend Eric up there in Orlando, who's on our does a great job first on our website, you'll watch us.com. Send us this. Primirative syndicate Phil Henry. I'd be like that. I handed this to Bluff Lundsey this morning. Our program director. I handed him a copy of this facts. It's kind of like a little bit of hint. Okay. And I said, get off your stuff. And he looked at me anyway. Like that. Kind of like like that. No, more. I would say more like, Eeeeee. Like that. It's how he went. Henry will remain on talk KFI Los Angeles in the 7 to 10 PM slot. That's specific time. That means perfect for us. 10 PM at night to one and a morning. What would you rather here? And I, again, it happens to have a guy in every story, a caboose, but, uh, for a normal saying. It's a, it's a, it's a talk about narrow casting. It's a compulsive gambling show. It's a show for the 50 drunks out there. The 50 people with a serious, compulsive gambling problem. And would be great one to six in the morning instead of that GT the brick. I forgot to bring back your brick by the way. I gave it to Carmella or, uh, Janet. What's that? What is your name? Why do I keep calling her Carmella? Bush. Columbus. Come on. See, Columbus. He's, he's got, you know, got one. I. But Carmella, she's got one. So, anyway, what would you rather here? Phil Henry or a captain? 10 PM to one AM. That's the time it's going to be on. Premier radio networks, the president Craig Kitchen tells R&R online. The company will begin officially marketing the Phil Henry show around September 10th. And they've already got 25 stations committed for a Phil's network debut. How do you like that? Are you sure? That's what it says on Monday, September 29th. And what an I tell you this morning. I says queer channel, Lel Putemon, their desperate to get a real town about that station. Besides Rick and Sides are belong in the afternoon, of course. How do you like that? Phil Henry, are we going to have me here on QAN? No, what would you folks rather here? Would you rather her head capelin with compulsive gambling in a same stupid sports course at night every night from 10 o'clock in night? Of course, we couldn't do it anyway. You want to know why? Because we got all those stupid god damn ball games on there. If it isn't a baseball game, it's a hockey game. If it isn't a hockey game, it's some stupid football game. We got games. We got games up the record games that haven't been invented yet. Games up the Okinawa. That's what we got. And by the way, speaking of that word, see while I was gone this time on vacation, I had like about five minutes. I must have had like a mad in the water was. Maybe a mental fog, a brain fart. About five minutes I thought about this place. And I thought about that fine, you know, this alleged fine, which I still don't know the status of any of that because then I bother me to talk to me, which is fine with me. Do you say fine? Well, I'm interested in that. Yeah, fine. And I thought to myself, you know, we're like a budget children in this country. We have to play these games with a FCC and prove to them that we're sufficiently a subdued. They've subdued us. You know, OK, OK, we won't say crap. And for a while there, they had us putting in the f*** of bleeps and that was supposed to be OK. But then evidently from what we found out this last time, maybe it is. Maybe it's not. We're just not going to tell you. We'll let you know after we decide we'll give you a fine. OK, that's how we're going to do it. We'll play the game. So I decided, I'll give you guys. I'll just start my own new vocabulary. I'll say whatever the hell words I want. We'll just leave the first letter off of every word in the universe. That sounds fine for me. Then you don't have to worry about was the bleep long enough. Was it, you know, because they put the, see, I think what they did is they heard a van up there at the FCC. Yeah, she's sticking the vowels in there. We take them out. She keeps sticking them back in there. We see SH, to T. They stick the eye back in there again. They stick the... I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Back in there again. Even though we bleeped it out. They stick it in there again. So I say, therefore the hit is what I say. That's right. It's a bunch of bull hit. Just just take the letter out. Take the one offending letter out and make up your own word. OK, like ussy and op can all these other words that we can't say on a year. That's going to be my new approach to broadcasting because I say op the FCC is what I say. Okay, big time. But your mother occurs. The word police. A bunch of silly, silly people up there who think that they're going to subduus and just make it up as they go along. Oh, yeah. We're going to nail. I won't get them. Then I'll knock a lunder. That's my comment to you. OK. So what am I miss while I was going? I must have been a lot of a certain crap happened down here. I have nothing. Read a lot. 10 beautiful days in Amsterdam did it rain one drop. No. Sonny it was low 70 72 75. Low 50s at night. Nice breeze. Oh, it was great. The drugs were great. The sex was great. Beautiful people walking the streets morning noon tonight. And you know, I found myself doing something I've never done before. No, not that not women. Oh, seriously, I found myself. I'm what I'm walking on the damrak, which is like one of the main shopping streets there. And I'd see a couple of like just unbelievable good looking young guys. Why not I take God damn it or Jesus Christ. And I'm not saying that I would sit do it completely or that I was muddled with somewhere in between muddering and saying it like out loud somewhere in between. Like God damn look at that. Yeah. Why not not? And nobody looked in me or thought that there was unusual. I was okay. I'll get a baby. That's what I said. Here's four waterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. What happened with the teachers at the swing club? Did they ever get their money back? What did you ask them and do with that? What do you mean did they get their money back? Didn't they not get so much money? I hate to break the news to you. George is the expert on the swing club. He spent all last week while I was on vacation talking about swing clubs. Am I going to talk about swing clubs this week? Oh, no. I already did my part for the for the swing clubs. And as far as whether people got their money back or not, call your lawyer. Okay, pal. Don't waste my time. I'm not going to be talking about swing clubs any more this week. From what I hear George did enough more than enough all week long. He had by his own admission on and on and on. He's got everybody in his building. Not only talking about swing clubs, going to swing clubs. He's Mr. Swinger. Okay. So, call him next time I go on vacation. Which will be November by the way. 567.0560. Pound 560 on a mobile one line off to a slow start here this morning. I thought there were smoking there for a couple of minutes. We had every line in the board lit up. They were smoter in what they'll happen. Here's Danyabee. Hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. Hey, what's that? I can shot that I read in the sun setting. Oh, but you'd be in a caveman. But he never has you read that? No. Yeah, it looks exactly the sun the setting off. Good that you were saying to move the violence of Washington and all the other crap and and you're one of the opponents of the stadium being built on that other stuff which I agree. But yeah. That's because buddy never did a homophobic asshole. So thanks for the good news. 5 are we doing a show here or not? 567.0560. Pound 560 on a mobile one line. I want to get pushy, but are we doing a radio show here? And I because if not, I can go right back on a plane trying to deal with the doctor situation. Hey, tell the doctor. We're doing a radio show here. Tell the doctor to blow it up is a ass. Okay. George has got a doctor that wants to ruin his credit for $25, which is his own banks of fault in the stake. That's the doctor like I'm a goddamn brain surgeon. Okay. Tell me a fight or real doctor in the blow it out of his ass. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. I think you should get a plane because the weather was great last week. You were to kick our stock. Yeah. You come in today. The weather sucks. The show sucks. And the police are like, and I for listening. You know you wait. Thanks for listening to 560 WQAM. Okay. I brought the bad weather with me. Like I just got through saying I never rained one drop. Never rained a drop in 10 days. That was an accident. And I don't have one call on the board here. That's what I got. So must be my fault. I've been on here for 24 minutes on the bad guy. That's sitting on these numbers here. Okay. These people must all have been a mistake. They all must have been listening during those three months. Even though I was not vacationed except for like one day over Memorial Day. I was here the whole time. Just waiting for George to come on and talk about twin clubs all week. Yeah. You make a lot of sense, pal. I'm back here one day the weather sucks and the show sucks. Thank you so much. No use. That's the problem, pal. As you have no material. This audience sucks and always has. And desperate to hear somebody that's got something to say which most of you don't. And it just tears my gut. It's got tears my kishki's out. Being lost here in the in the Lala land. 560 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Okay. Let's take the poll. Okay. Let's have George do the show. Permanently. That's what I say because you know something like I said a couple of days before one of vacation. I can pack it in permanent no problem at all. No problem. I'll scrape by. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Go back to Amsterdam. Your shirt sucks. Okay. Thank you. Here's a mobile and water hill. Hello. Anyhow, how's it going? Great. I'm so happy that you're back. We can't live without you over here. Yeah. It sounds like it's so far pal. This is the kind of welcome back party that you always get here. And so order. Look where you can go. There's no sucks. Maybe your show sucks. Go back to Amsterdam. Okay. Well, I gotta say all the all the relations out there. Were you fudge packed? Yeah. Okay. 560 50 50 50. What am I telling you folks? Morons. They do we got more rounds up the old back room. I limitless supply. Unbelievable. You know who these people are? The half of it doesn't we've talked too so far. They must be the. I'm gonna tell you something sweetheart. You have done a cheese god. She went from a 1.2 to a 1.2 person's 25. 54 on a 50,000 watt radio station. Brook Daniels. It is Zasdu. The worst accident in the history of radio. Oh. A 1.2. I never thought you could do a sweetheart in a matter of six months, seven months, whatever it has been since Rick and Pud went off the afternoon on radio station. She's taken their three and four years in persons whatever it was and gone down to a 1.5,000 watts. You're gonna be down to Mr. Eagle like numbers in the next trend honey. 1026 and 560 QA. Rogers God. Oh, come. Don't be bothered. And I'll be found there guilty. So that's I can please football. Because now I know those I got to stay in. I don't know. The happy que he's you. There's now I can be longer than one every time. I'm a man in my room. Money of the little. So, Zasdu, tell you, I don't know. And that's all I got to say. So, this is the reason you've been to the dream. Welcome King Grant of Golden TV. If you've been to the company, money for your crack and all, that's what the money law is really far before. Tony, my name is money laundering star. Take advantage of Tony's brand opening special and get your free copy of Jimmy Johnson's 1999 Judiciary Graph Guy. I hope you guys will be all out. Don't go all day to hunt for football. So, whatever the boys and five different persons they did. 1032 at 560 WQMHD. Welcome home Neal Party that we're throwing here this morning. Thank you so much for the way you're on motion. I'm just swept away by it. I'm blown away by it. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Okay, let's go to a four-laterdale. Hello. Neal. Yes, sir. I think you said you need to come now. I'm going to show your loyalty to the listeners. Maybe place a motor material or something. Maybe they have to get him aroused. Show my right foot. My loyalty to the listeners. Now, you can place them all there stuff like up like George played the bridge tender and full. But by you were gone. Oh, he did not. Yes, well, I know he did not. Then I thought he did. No, he did not. And there is it will ongoing shoot. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Just the same old, I go away for 10 days. Should I expect it to be any different? So, deal, watch your show. It's the same as always. Oh, yeah, that's right. Good recovery. The same old crap, same old bunch of retards. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neal. Welcome back. Oh, yeah. You see the paper today with a uncovered John Henry there. Yeah, I got it. You know, fucking around. I would need another very jackass. I'll let Hank waste his time with it. Okay. I wouldn't even dignify with a response. I know. I just want to pay to the paper again. All on here are the two sites that he's narrowed it down to depending on who he can squeeze the most public I guess what John Henry the amount we're giving you is this is my offer just like Michael Coral. Only told a senator from Nevada. This is my offer. Nothing. Yeah, he could stick the team up as fast. Right. All I care. Exactly. Come out of here. Right. There's no way he's given a penny for me. I'll leave. I stop. Let's let him never give him a lot of money for it. Okay Neal. I just want to call somebody to speak. 560, 505, 60, pound 560. I think you're right. I think they're ready for another week on swinging. I'll go in there and you sit in here and do. No, seriously. Let's take a poll right now. You want George back? Because I'm being more in habit is sitting there. I'm not going anywhere. I'm going to continue taking the money for another three years. I got the money coming. I'm going to take the money. But I'll be more in happiness which you go in the other room. Instead of there needing some more sandwiches from Atlantic City. Substank you very much by the way. Good stuff. Great stuff. 567. See, always turn it around. Always blame me because you got no material. Always turn it around and blame Neal. It's Neal's fault. We used to have that t-shirt. It's Neal's fault when a rain's everybody got one of those this morning. Whether it's crappy it's Neal's fault. Neal brought this with him. Even though Neal came back yesterday and gets into the car at the airport and it's like the world is coming to an end. After not seeing one drop a rain for 10 days, then I come back here and it's the same like the end of the world. Fundering and lightning and pouring down rain and geeks on a palm middle. Same old crap. Not that I should expect it to change. You know, no. And then I come in here this morning and write out the bat. Right off the bat. Exactly. It didn't miss a beat. Right where I picked that left off. Whatever the hell was. And you know something. She still got a one point. I really liked that. That babbling jacket. On 50,000 lots you couldn't find you could fit your phone but your whole audience into the phone booth. Sweetheart. I guarantee you one thing. I'm going to make a deal for you. Okay. I'm going over to Clear Channel. I'm going on an INZ. George is going to stay here. He's going to do this show from 10 to 2. Talk about swing clubs every day. I'll take my lame old tired act in all my new material. You know, like like the bridge tender. All the new material like the bridge tender. Yeah, that and go over to the INZ and then we'll see who comes out on top. Okay. And you know something it could be a real close could be an appendook just like this audience. Like the thing I bring up about Phil Henry. If we had any kind of real audience out there they'd be maybe dancing because that's getting the streets. Oh Phil Henry may be coming at a time. Yeah, we love the airfield Henry on your station. Did we get a response on that? Oh no. Because you're brain dead. That's the problem. Brain dead. This is a brain dead fucking place. That's what it is. Just like while I'm gone, I get a spy report. George tells me Greg Reed talking about fucking dead brain. Comes in and says because we're putting together the material for the best of CDs which starts next the next month October 1. Oh, you're not putting the stuff on. We got fine by the FCC. Are you? Well, yes, we are. Dumbo. No, I'm not. The FCC. Don't read you all the way. Well, we put on CDs. Okay. Oh, God. What a dork. Here's a mobile in my Emmy. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, I am. Great. You're putting with those fucking laps in the middle of the meeting section of this can go about a downtown. What? They are talking laps in the mediums of this can go about from say stop these first three two northeast fifth or six. I don't go downtown. Okay. Well, I do. So it turns out that it was a very good deal for property. You take two dollars for two dollars or four dollars for four dollars. Fucking hour into that. Yeah. So last week that cool and then I go down there a lot. And they guy who's the pending the book so to speak and promise me that there'll be a 20% increase next week. This is the practice of camera first. And it was in the paper as well. My first thing was how these guys are going to learn how to make change but that's another situation. Yeah. Maybe not all the bridge tenders. Yeah. So December 2nd or 3rd or when the heck ever was I drove in there and got a sign up over the thing over the rates. The rate is now three dollars for three hours. Yeah. Before it was a little bit. Sure you know, we're killing the only bit back at half an hour, 40 minutes. You're killing me. Okay. 567. 560. 560 on the mobile alone. This is what they're concerned about. This is the important stuff that's going on in this town that I missed the last 10 days that I was over having a great time. Was the fact that they raised the guy damn rate to park somewhere. Oh, how low you know. What are we going to do about this? Holy moly, holy mother. Oh, man. Doesn't take long to snap right back into what I've said to that. Snap right back to reality. Just like just like that. Just like this morning I get up go out to get my newspapers and all these punky kids are out there right in for the school bus again. We're back to that crap again. All these high school kids stand and out there waiting for the school bus seven o'clock in the morning. And even say, hey good morning. No, how you doing Neil? No, up your is no. No, how about faggot? No, not even that. Not even that. Not even the same thing that original. Not yet. Maybe tomorrow. Maybe we can work on that for tomorrow morning. Okay, guys. Come up with something like real original friendly. Wait a, you know, say good morning. 21 before 11 at 5. 60 W to kill. Look at this. We already almost threw an hour here, man. Any women here yet today? No, welcome back Neil. Nice to have you back. No, any women? No. No. Same cold bitter unfriendly nasty hostile place that it always has been. Who are you an A-hole? How about a mother effort? You can be when you attend the U-famistic profanity seminar coming to a romantic end at an airport near you. That's where a U-famistic profanity instructor will show you how to use cartoon expedits in place of the word you really want to say. For example, an outburst like this might prove embarrassing. Hey, you don't step on that right? Holy shit. You fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking but after just one seminar with a U-famistic profanity instructor, the scene can completely change. Wow, mother father keep it crackers. You're caught shopping instead of a bugger. Better you bet. You see the system of U-famistic profanity is easy to learn because it's been perfected over thousands of years and used by the world's most virtuous people. Hey, banger, no, you're holy, Miss. Please, I want to use staff or we just had a devetic control last over here. So what are you waiting for? You mother ever? Don't let embarrassing user profanity rip you a new a whole sign up for a seminar in U-famistic profanity and you'll say Arquines, step the source from a beach to whale. What? 1045 at 560 WQM I started to get lost in that too, you know. Need a roadman for that one. Alan fun is dead. Oh, I can't do camera anybody remember Alan fun. Oh, okay. Move it right along. 84 years old, he's dead. 560 50560 pound five almost as dead as the audience, but not quite. So it's raining out there. Okay. That must be today's excuse. Is that it? Right in like Katzenberg's at the end of the world again. Oh, that's it. 560 50560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a lady in Lake Worth. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, man. Oh, yeah. Okay. I have a shameless request for a Cuban Jew from a Cuban Jew. Frosted Jew? No. If you did that for my dad? No. Why? It's old and tired. That's okay. Love your dad. Yeah, he is old, but I don't think he's tired. Well, it's it's old. Have a great day sweetheart. Now it's not all request to the okay. To talk show. I know that comes very difficult for you to understand. And there is our first woman of the day. She wants something. Did she want to talk to me? No. No. She said welcome back. Did you have a nice time? No. No. She wants. Did she go to get it? No. I'll give you a honey. 560 50560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. You know, I wish she could ask me for something. Nobody's given the court. Yeah, but hey, me. Welcome back. You know what she looks like? I'm sorry. Hey, hey. Hey, I'm so okay. Yeah, you actually know just a lot. You know, lights out. Hey, Neil. I don't know if this is ever happened to you. But I've got a headache from this show. Yes. Have you just out of day where you're like in the house and you had a bad meal the day before and you just cut them left and right. But after a few hours, it's like you just becomes part of the atmosphere. And I had someone come over and I, you know, I had a bunch of garlic bagels that morning. You know, and I love those things, but you know what I'm saying. But someone came in about four o'clock and my God, you know, I opened the front door and they're like, what the hell happened in here? Yeah. Well, you know, it's like it's like people live that have cats that have litter boxes. After they've been living in there, you know, for a while and then they're used to it. They don't notice it, but when somebody else comes in and they're like, oh my God, what died in here? You know, it's the same kind of concept. Have you ever had that happen though? No. No. I don't fart. You're in there. Yeah. Come on. No, not me. Come on. Oh, no. Oh, no. Don't we check say that. Come on. I enjoy my man. I do too. I actually like to try different food combinations to see, you know, if I can create the perfect odor. If I'm alone, I'll take my hand and walk the air, you know, push it up toward my nose so I can really enjoy the full aroma. That's a man, you know, you would a man. Yeah. Especially in the shower. That's the best place. I just, I mean, this is not a real good hot shower. Oh, there's nothing like that. And talking about lingering, oh, that aroma just lingers on in the shower for every year. You just want to stand in there forever and then just die with a smile on your face. I can smell it now. Listen, this is not a request. I'm prefacing that. But I just want to ask you is the title sofa king? Was that one of the FCC deals? No. Oh, good. Because you know, one day this month, I'm hoping to hear it, but not now. Okay. Bye. See you. 567. 0560. What did he say? So, sucking terminal? That's what he said. Count five 60 on a mobile one line. Another of a very type of response here today. Must be because George blew the whole audience away with that whole. You know, he said to me that all last week, he was getting all these calls periodically. Oh, you suck Wednesday, I'll come back. Now that Neil is back, it's just the other way around. Because that's the way this audience plays it, man. No matter what you got, you're not happy with it. Remember what Phil Henry was here? Are you sure? Oh, yeah. Then as soon as he was gone, oh, gee, we sure miss Phil. I wouldn't call him though for lover money. Wouldn't call him. They call his phony voices and arguing, get all Ben out of shape, which was great. But they wouldn't call him, would they? No. No. What do you think he's balled from? He came here with a full head of here, pulled every here out of his head from the audience Phil Henry. Andy was good looking. Andy was good looking to when he got here. Look at him now. Oh, Jesus. 567. 0560. Pound 560 on a mobile one line. Did you say Andy was good looking? I thought he was kind of nerdy looking myself. Andy. And then look at that wife. I'm sorry. Here's Volkah. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Well, I went to the Carl Sky on Thursday night to see a couple of old juice. I've done and Paul Simon. And the Nazis were only allowing goose stepping. They wouldn't let anybody dance in the aisle. They were making people sit down. Yeah. It was not a teacher to go to that place anyway. What do you want to go there for? Hey, what's it? It was nice. So, horned. It's not nice. It's a horrible place. It was it's a beautiful night. Absolutely gorgeous. Well, that's great. Just look at the draws. All that is. Yeah, well, that's yet to hope for. But if you get the seats under the cover, then you're not to worry even if it's raining. You just get so chill in there. But anyhow, it was a lot of fun. Except it's like I was looking for Wayne personally figuring you as a one-order and everybody just sit down. People trying dances. I hope you got to sit down. So, finally, about halfway through Paul Simon. Everybody just started getting up and dancing. They couldn't control it anymore. But it's just like, what is the deal? It's a concert for Adam's sake. Oh, enjoyed George, but I'm glad you're back. Okay, see, whatever you just said, anybody want to dance to Paul Simon? No, I'm Dylan. No, 567560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, you're morning Neil. Yes, sir. It's great to have you back. Sure. You've been to, have you? I'm going to be. I'm my personally glad to have you back. People's self-loader warm welcome home. It's one thing that I learned last week while you were away. It's that love 94. That's a great midday show. Yeah. That's it, Neil. I'll be back. Okay, George, this is thank you so much. Okay, see, now they got to take shots at George too. Because they got nothing to say. It's either. George sucked into your great and we want to, we're glad you're back. Or go back to Amsterdam. And George was great and everything was fine and you brought us crappy weather. You got no material. You've got nothing to say about anything in the world. This is the saddest freaking place in a history of mankind. It's unbelievable. Get in the car at the airport yesterday. I drive out of that parking lot and it writes through. No waiting. I handered my 110 bucks per parking. No problem at all. Got a big smile on my face even along back home. Vacations over. I felt pretty good. Had a good flight back on Virgin the shaglantic. And as soon as I get out of the parking garage, here comes the rain. Here's every asshole in the world is on a highway out there who have no idea what they're doing. I mean none. And I thought, God, I must be home again, you know? And I was. Just like this morning. Just like here. See, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the tip off with that spot that they handed time to redelive on the year and right at the end of that morning show that they were like in such a hysteric they were on the floor. They couldn't control themselves. They couldn't recover to do the last minute and a half of the show because they didn't know what it'll laugh or cry or get Tommy a henna. 5, 6, 7, 05. Oh, he already got one 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 5, 50, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Yeah. So George is sloughing Joe cost stalled to the swing clubs. He's slacking Bob green to the swing clubs. Next thing, you know, he'll be sloughing some of our other people around his building to the swing clubs. He's all over what I hear. Most of them don't need to go there. They can just kind of hang out around here if you catch my breath. Here's a mobile in dear field. Hello. As Neil, a world is coming to an end out here. Is it? If anyone is driving in bulk of pop and or dear folks, I just drove for all free sitting. Please don't get in their car and make it worse. Very popular here. Huh. The other thing is that George showed your show to her in the weight. He won. He killed it. He killed the show. He booked it. Yeah. He pushed her there. Farvel. And he played so. Oh, did you listen every day? No. No. And how did you know he'd booked it every day? I tried listening for about three minutes today. And he picked up that. No, maybe just heard the wrong parts. I think all the parts. Just like it's probably tuned in right now and heard this call. Okay. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 9, no, no request. 5, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 5, 6, 6, the on the mobile one line. Here's a dear field. Be chill out. Hey, I welcome back. Let's see. I wanted to know when you were over there. If you heard anybody talking about the crazy wacky stuff that's going on over here with all the religious e it's in the evolution debate. Now that's tough to hear. No, they were not talking about the evolution and about the, no, they weren't talking about this country at all as a matter. And not last minutes or anything? No, they weren't wasting their time with it. They actually have a life. Okay. Okay. Yep. Feel better? I feel no. I feel much worse. I wanted to hear him talk people in their life. I think it's over there. No, they're not. Okay. All right. Feel better? Man, we are no. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 5, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello. Yeah, welcome back. Huh? Well, Jimmy Johnson did it again. I'm brought in another. Okay. Great. Well, call a packet to a clock. That'll be the Sports Show. Okay. That'll be the time to talk about Jimmy Johnson. Call out Blafin right now. They got a sports show on air 17 over on a M. That must be where all my colors are. Two momentary and you're right into the dog. You're on the wrong end of the dog. Okay. You're way down here on the bottom end of the low rent district. Turn way up to the top there at the 17 hundred spot on your radio dog. Turn to the high rent district. And by the way, buddy, never in due little, most picking asshole is there anybody else on a station who's in favorite public funding for a new stadium? No. Not that I've heard. No. No. But please, uh, smell my name right. That's all I ask. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and camera. Hello. Yeah, Neil. I listed the shortly day. I can tell you details, man. Ouring absolutely boring and that voice appears. What absolutely, but anyway, you listen every day. If I did because it was boring, there you go. Couldn't even even be creative and say, Oh, you know, I mean, this, that's how creative this got what? Nobody with a brainster listens to something that they don't like. What I want is to talk about something. Anything that's going on here. I think that I've mentioned anything that's going on in the real world. If you consider this part of it, we consider this law. Well, let's stretch it a little bit. That's what I want to talk about. Not how boring George was. If you didn't like it, you didn't have to listen. First simple, just like now, if you don't like it, you don't have to listen. Doesn't, doesn't face me at least, but I'm sitting here on his trend that just came out. We've got some of the highest numbers I've ever had in the history of my life. We're number two and 12 plus 10 to three. We're number one and 25 and number two and 25, 54 with a, uh, over a seven share between 10 and 2 p.m. We got a six eight from 10 to three. We're doing over a seven share 18 to 34 persons, which is neither our demographic. We got a 7.1 between 10 and three. Means we're doing over an eight share. That's persons. And then we're doing double digits, 18 to 34. That's an FM demographic. We're kicking serious ass. And I care whether you were bored, whether George, I don't, if you liked it, fine, if you didn't like it, it makes no difference to us. We're doing the best we can if you're entertained. Great. If not, go find a part cheesy game. Go play volleyball, you know, shuffle board, badminton, go play with yourself. If you got the equipment, which I doubt, go off yourself. Christ. 10.56 at your friendly station, 560 QA and nothing. Listen to me, it's a stand behind team for sofaking and it's stand where everything is out to the high sofaking standards. The selection isn't just huge, it's sofaking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And sofaking surprises aren't just low, they're so fucking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me, when I say sofaking as a beautiful school, I mean sofaking beautiful. And I say, snap is helpful. I mean sofaking helpful. Listen to me, get to know the sofaking and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge. A stack that's sofaking courteous and precious that is so fucking low, you'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied customer, Frank and Stein. So fucking good. You're set up, Frankie. So fucking good. It's 11 or two or five 60 WCM. We got Hank Goldberg. Hank Goldberg. Hey, stupid. To the sixth this afternoon at seven, a six to five, we got talking baseball Donnie B. Dodgers at the Marlins at the sixth 30 to pregame 705 game tonight. And the interest in that. Oh, they had 12,000 rain so alleged in that ballpark yesterday. Probably about 2,500 people really showed them. And on a front paid to the paper, all this is where John Henry wants to build a stadium. He's there with it down. That's what very jackass is on a front cover of the same newspaper, by the way, that last summer was telling us, oh yeah, Don Smiley, that deal's almost done now. It'll be done any day now. One day, it was the hero the next day, it would be the Sun Sentinel. One day was very jackass. The next day was Allen Snell. Every day with misinformation on the front page. Nice going guys. And as far as John Henry's considered. One million times for new raw season, the hear the out. Like I said, I just don't really care at this point. And I'm saying, I just don't care. I'm indifferent. Just give me the money and I'll just show up every day. Because this audience, they just tear your kishki's out. They just take, they take your heart out. You know, you come with the best of intentions. And then, you know, it's so care after like five minutes. Just like this thing about the Cox broadcasting, this isn't a talent driven industry anymore. Not at all. This is strictly monopoly game. That's what the government's made it into. Cox broadcasting swaps KFI AM and caught the close to FM Los Angeles KOSD for 14 radio stations from AMFM Inc. Including EDR here in Miami. So now they got Cox broadcasting. Got three stations here in Miami. Two of the three are spartor stations. How do you like that? Do you be like an at or what? No. Huh? I bet your Bob and Cheryl liked that a lot. Yeah, they can be minorities right there in your own building now. They'll find out what it is to be. Oh, they already know what it's like. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how you doing? Welcome back. Huh? It's good to hear from you. And I was going to say, what give you a cool place? I can go to an answer name. What does that mean? Well, I'm I'm getting ready to go there in November. And I was wondering, you know, you give me a good place to go to visit, you know, smoke a couple of cigarettes. The greenhouse effect. The greenhouse effect. Yeah. Oh, and can I call somebody a douche bag? No. 567560 go to the stable master pal. You'll enjoy those jackoff parties. 567560, pound 560 on the 18 T. wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. He's over the in training for him. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. I figured out the problem with the audience. That's that's caller about 25 30 minutes ago. Put up nice. That's the one of us talking about the parking on this. Oh, God. This guy was putting me into a coma. Here's the problem. That whole that whole price like or what it is. It's a tax on parking downtown. It was all detail in the Miami, Harold. All the guy has to do a pick up a newspaper once a day. Turn off the WWF and MTV and pick up a newspaper and find out what the hell's going on. Right. I know it's hard to do in this time because of the mind. I think it was the most boring call. I can't even imagine anything being more boring than that. But the guy he would have urged. And the guy pulls into the parking lot downtown. If he read a newspaper, he would dip the pair for it. Yeah. So that's the problem. Turn off MTV and pick up a guy. I don't want to sound indifference. I mean, I don't care about his parking problems. Nobody else does either. But it just drives me crazy because people are they walk around in the fog all the time. I mean, I see what you mean about the majority of the people. This is Lolland. I've been telling you that for 100 years. And I call somebody to do a pack. 567.0560. Yeah. 5560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, New. Yes, sir. I'd like to give you, as you say, the real semester with George. The real, uh, the stimulus. This came to the service. Yeah, the MS. Yeah, it's not. Yeah, you're yet as right, man. Remember the crossbeats will announce on teacher children, uh, you're just right. I'm going to go. I'm looking for you. Go. He had a very good show. He's not you. You're you. He's in. I can. Why are we wasting our time with this? Exactly. He's doing my vacation. Now for a long time, we'll continue doing them. And why does the audience feel I need to hear a critique every time I come back? George had a very eclectic show. You could. 31. Eclectic show. Eclectic show. Eclectic show? Yeah, that too. Spanning. That looks a little spastic from any of you. That's a doctor. He's cut from the same old issue. You can tell he's got. No, he's not. He's nothing. We're all like me. He's got a little bit of the eye or a little bit of the sarcasm. Yeah. You have, but he's him. The show was an entertaining show. And you do these idiots who they're calling up. They just have to say George was to all these swing clubs because George believes that he knows something about the sexual reality of life. And I just finished reading another Gov. Adele book by the way. George knows nothing about sex. He knows nothing about life. And he's into this, you know, this terminally Cuban mentality, which he is in denial about. But that's him, you know, which is great. That's him and I'm me. I found that interesting. I mean, it's a fantasy mind. You could do a swing club by life. We'd kill me. But let me ask you, sir. And all honesty, how much do we need to hear about freaking swing clubs already. George has got through the win a whole week on swing clubs. Well, like I said, I'd never heard about it before except no educational reference. But I found it entertaining. And for anybody who says different, I mean, school. They go great. Exactly. Kiss my ass exactly. And I hope he says the same thing. I mean, I hope he doesn't lose any sleep over easy to call. Sir, nobody on this side of the radio loses any sleep over callers. Probably my time. Oh, a ratings and everything. And have a great day. Right. Ratings are right within and we're kicking ass baby. Oh, this friend we just got here is so big that buddy never does probably poking his eyeballs out right now. Just think about it with little up pin, little prick. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T on who was that? That's our contractor. Guess what we're getting because I have to try to come on the air about it. We're getting a real exhaust suction fan for that bathroom so we can breathe in there and a light over the stall so that we don't have to guess when we wipe it. Oh, what does that have to do? I thought we're getting something that has to do with a radio show like a real phone system or something? You've never gone in that bathroom after Jeff high was in there? No, of course not. Oh, so you would sympathize if that if I see him coming out of there and I have to go real bad. I just use a plastic bag from publics. I would never go in there after he came on. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Welcome back. On that, uh, help. What are you going to say? Oh, man, I'm buddy. I might have to cut this short because I'm on break at work. Yeah. Man, buddy, my will come off with the conclusion on your show as George is actually the real home on and you're probably straight. Yeah, right. I mean, okay. 567. 560. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T. Why was 5? We continue searching for our first wheel column today. We found one yet. No, but it's only a 10 after 11. Hey, Goldberg Show coming off at two today and you can talk about where they're going to stick that new stadium. I heard the rumor that the big location for it's going to be buddy, seven, back to Insani inside. It's an inside job. That's the rumor that I'm hearing. And how come nobody is back to me that article by the way, if indeed there was one that appeared, how come we don't have it yet? Is our facts machine working? Are we seeing one fact yet this morning? Oh, even from the chronic factors? No, no, there's something wrong here, man. Something really, really, you can smell it. I'm going to check to 11 at 560. WC, I'm going to slow radians. Done as dirt. We took a vacuum cleaner. I touched them crazy. He said, they're to the end of an puzzle and voila. We created the flow. Unfortunately, no one bought it. But now we're trying again. We're taking a vacuum cleaner. I touching some other crazy stuff to the end of an puzzle and boom, we created all new blowme. And the best part is, I only look super what I'm actually using it. It has to be weeks after we're in place of slow flow. Oh, me. It's the name of the product. What are you on? Why are you here today? 114 at 560 WC. By the way, did we get one call about Phil Henry? Why I read the release, which is an accurate release about his show has been syndicated starting September 29. Did you get one call when I asked would you rather read Kaplan 10 o'clock at night to one in the morning or Phil Henry? One call? No. And how many calls have we had since Phil Henry went off the year when passion bought Wild. How many calls wouldn't you like to have a dollar for every call we've had about that? Have we had one today? No. No. Just to show you, though, that we're not being out done by the Cox people. It got EDR now and Hot 105. They got all the schwarzys of cornered now. Leave it to a glacier company like Cox broadcasting according to the Schwarzys market. Nice call on boys. Boys. Beesley broadcasting not to be out done. Of course, they don't do business with AMFN. They do business with people like Forest Communications, which by the way, as of this transaction, which I'll read you in a moment, has no more radio holdings in the monopoly game called radio broadcasting. And I'll also call television broadcasts in the latest FCC or a charade. The Naples Florida Base Group Beesley broadcasting picks up two Atlanta AM stations thereby for $10 million. That's why you can't have your bonus yet, George, because it cost $10 million to buy two AM stations W A E C and W W W W E A M. Guess what the format is of these stations, by the way. Beesley says it plans to keep the religious format curly airing on the airways on the boat stations. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I do like that. This is the kind of people that were stuck working for. That's why George can't get his bonus. That's why we can't get a new phone system in here, because there's spent a $10 million on two religious stations. God damn it. When you know what I say to the Beesley's, up them. That's what I say to them. Yeah. And your mama too. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes. I'm concerned about what happened out in the Royal High Stadium. The riot. I've been, I saw like a four play on it, but I didn't see the whole story. I was not a. What happened? It comes to well first of all. How much football game? Is it college football game? And the team law that one or lost, I don't really remember what riot it. And they virtually tore up the place. And what do you do? I mean the team riot. I mean their fans rioted. Man tried it. Yeah. It was like a soccer game. And it's a great. And it's such concern has friends that are in the law enforcement. At the, they're getting technical advice from Chicago, in regard to use the horses, in regard to proud control control. And I think it's setting a trend. And I think you're going to see it occur more and more often. And other than reason to stay home, by the way. Another good reason we don't need to build another stadium. Well, unfortunately, public money, they're going to build another stadium where you like it or not. Just think about the stadiums at Milton Cleveland. The stadiums they built for other communities that they shove through. They'll still find it. Find a way of doing it. The masses are, are ignorant. They don't give it to them about anything. They're watching TV and this and ball games and ball games. So they'll have a, I got to the wisdom to people that call the sportsers. You think we got bad colors. Listen to the sports nerds that call, I've said to the million times before I'll say it again. And you think of yourself, this is scary that there are people out there that this is what their life consists of. This is the kind of stuff that they're concerned about. Well, 142% of the people who graduate, can't read their diploma. Yeah. We got problems. Oh, they know. I have a nice day. By the way, welcome back. And thank you so much. I've been seeing you. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's go. We got any women today said that one free loading bitch that called before. No. And George said he, he had women up the breakfast last week. Now, they may have been into Swing Club. He's talking about not only here. He said he had a zillion calls from women up their last week. And now what you said? Couple. Now, that's not what you said. Few. You said that you had a kind of billion million billions. That's what you said. All the sex talk they were calling up saying they want theirs too. Here's my mele, Silla. Thank God you're back. And thank you for that information about Phil Hendry. How come nobody cares about that? That's the best news that there is. Are you sure? Yes. That's how, what's it they would keep people on all a week while you were gone. You would say like Phil, he was going to play some Phil Hendry. Yeah. And you couldn't get all of the, you know, you had to keep listening. Hope in that Phil was going to come on. Because you know, well, that's Swing Club crap really sucked. Okay. It's great. All we need now is how are you and Phil? And we have we could be on the radio all day long. Yeah. And what about between two and 10? Oh, Hank sucks. Yeah. I really hate that you became like friendly with him and everything. Why? Because I was better when you, when there was like that animars. Okay. Hank sucks. Okay. You feel better now? I feel so much, but I want to mess things. Hank, what was one last thing? He's a tough. Not as bad as he used to be. But he's a tough. You see when you get along pretty good with manage and I really think he's a long way full. No, he's not. He's always talking about the sharpness, sipping. Yeah. Yeah. That's not homophobia. That's like, you know, that's a stereotype. I would say the same thing myself. Okay. Well, one of these okay. He took a lot of showers with guys. Okay. Just think about it. Yeah. Have a great day. Yeah. Okay. Well, there you go. Or I rest my case. 560, 50560, Pont 560 on the 18 T wireless line. Now, Goldstein is right. It is a good club. Where guys get together to come, create a slap each other on the ass. Find every excuse to grab each other around their body parts and then to get together in a hot steamy shower when it's all over. And ladder up. Yeah. Exactly. Everybody in the world, even little kids know what that is. That's a game club you moron. 560, 50560, Pont 560 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's Hiley. Hello. Hiley. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Welcome back. I heard you talking before about a picture chronicle. Oh, welcome back. Oh, yeah. I always wish you well. Oh. Well, I just have a comment. No, we really quickly. Okay. I don't promise. I promise. Okay. This is a promise. I was a, I've mentioned something about George's denial about Cuban being Cuban. I don't think that he's in denial at all. I think he's just telling you how it is. The being being a Cuban that was born in America and raised in America. He's just seeing it from a very intelligent perspective. No, he's not. Oh, no. No, why not? Why not? Because he's a professional Cuban who's in denial about being a professional Cuban. He's obsessed with it. That, that he can't let go of it. He's not obsessed. He's not a sir. You're wrong. I know him like a book. He's obsessed. He's driven by it. He's driven by it because he, he can't stand the fact that Cubans could be the way they are. He can't stand it. He's a Cuban who can't stand it. Okay. Well, say good bye. There's nothing wrong with my thanks for the free shrink for the free analysis and have a great thing. They either want to talk about this show. You did last week. It was great. Or it's stuck to me or they want to analyze you now. See, this is what happens when you become a big superstar. Now they're analyzing. This is where George is coming from. Guess what sir. I don't know what to talk about as usual. Have you ever have a great life there in Hylia? Okay. Speaks and Hicks. That's Hylia. A match made in heaven. 560, 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile in what is it? Cartoon City, Carole City. Carole City. Well, now up, up in Hollywood. Anyhow, welcome back to mobile in Carole City. Hey, how's it going? Okay. Back. Thank you. I bet I guarantee you did not fly American Airlines. No, I did not. Well, I got a story. Well, if I'm American against, there, I see his bad horror stories about American Airlines. They said, I saw him CNN international. All these polls they had. American ranks the absolute worst in every category of customers at a special. Everybody hates American like poison. So you people in Miami international, you can get his pissed off at me as you want. Everybody in the world hates American Airlines like poison. Go ahead sir. They suck. That's a day. Saturday, tomorrow. My army Atlanta, it took me nine and a half hours. I could have driven to Atlanta. Now fly was the lay first of all. Yeah. Then it was the latest second time. Then it was rescheduled. Finally, it was canceled. And I asked what happened this lady almost hit me for having the hoodspa to ask why it was being canceled. It was just truly incredible. I spent about 40 hours in Atlanta, came back to Miami and I guarantee you never. Wait. This is so fluid. Everybody is so true. I'm not sure. Okay. Well, sounds like you had a great experience all the way around. Thank you. 567.560. I don't know. See, I'm supposed to be the mouth content. I had a great vacation. Wonderful time. Everybody was friendly. And my, you know, burgers and McDonald's without the bun were great. Everything was no complaints came back here. That's only complaint. 567.560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Where are the women? All these women that George claims that he hurt from last week, which I know he's making up and he's still a crap. Where are these women? One woman I had today and she wanted. Right after I want, I want. I want. A few bitch. I want. How about some free tickets for the basketball is which by the way, where's my tickets? Tracy Nealy. I guess a better call for that to the chef. You better call her back to the show today because the concert is a week from tomorrow at the Mac Arena. And I better get those tickets Tracy. Or else. Here's coconut creak. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Back. You talked about Phil Hendry before. But I'm going to be on a teleclock. 940. Well, I didn't say that. That's what somebody rumored. Oh, that was a rumor because no one's going to be with you in any way. But thought I teleclocked on super-talk. You know how they turned their signal down a night? Yeah, that's right. If you live in Broward, you won't be able to hear it any longer. Yeah, I better love getting the. Yeah, I better love getting KFI from Los Angeles to come in. Right. Good point. Yeah. But that's another reason that you ought to be on this station. That's time. I'm making a, I'll tell you, this is some campaign. I'm making here. Yeah, exactly. I'm a voice out farting in a windstorm. That's all nobody cares. Yeah. I love you. Why would you rather hear on QA tonight at Campland, or Philadelphia, Henry? Yeah, so Henry. I loved to let anyone who was here. But there's no chance being here tonight. But it's going to be on that light. Let me say it again. I'll QA in. You could hear it. I know. That would be great if it was on that. If it was on your station. Well, let's, let's make an effort. Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you. All right. You're going to make an effort? No. No. Now we got all those stupid ball games. I don't ever go for it. But nobody cares. And especially when they hear this response, this, it's not even a temperature. There's non-response. Nobody cares. Like everything else here. Nobody cares. If I said, Phil, Henry just walked in the door. He's going to be doing two to six to seven on Hank and decide to take the day off. What anybody care? No. No. You're talking with games. But when it comes right that will and push comes this shelf, you just don't care. Do I care? No. Good point. 567560, Tom 560, on the AT&T line. If you can't beat him, join him. New. Yeah. I've got no idea where he's done. And I can't control myself. I left the police. I've got no hope on this down now. My leg is pulling my leg. Calm down. Stop getting up and pin me inside a double cross, keep your balls. That's my prime. the way. Call this book is on a day cause I'm a day and trade up on a side on a side on a side on a side on a side on a side on a side on a side on a side on a side and on this a lady yes it's a lady I've been listening to a long time to your show and yeah lady no less wow yes and I am a human and I am a static that you'll have really coming back to town because I think well I don't know if he's coming back to town his show is being syndicated I'm not even the hope huh at least it's a whole piece of good chance I would think if they got any brains over there at all which I doubt but if they do and you know Claire channel will put them on very good I mean if we had any brains we'd put them on but we don't of course you and Phil are the best thing that ever happened to this town are you sure yeah I agree you know on your many trips to last day yes have you got chance to see the new show oh at the glad you're yet it's called oh no no not yet not yet all right you're good well it's terrific and it's a little bit oh yeah so certainly another one at the district of I'm okay I'll check them out great I'll be there number thank you so much for your width and keep it up thank you sweetheart have a great day there's a nice lady a who we yet no less who didn't want nothing okay actually was nice who wanted to be a she wanted five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line oh it's raining cats and dogs you know expect us to take our lives in our hands all by the way you know when we're really gonna be out of business Cleveland is the first city where they made it illegal why you're driving to call on the cell phone that's only the first because they did a study and it come to find out that making a call on a mobile why you're driving a car is just as bad just as dangerous as the DUI you're just as dangerous I believe that I believe that then and I believe that now which means we'll be out of business because unlike IOD in the good old days when maybe 10% of the calls were mobile 95% of the calls on this station are mobile probably because nobody inside of building can hear the station with that signal we got you know oh we can go 50,000 watts Neil here sign on a dotted line oh you sure whatever you say Greg lying second crap yeah bull hit that's his middle name is bull hit five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line here's a mobile in candle hello hey Neil you know okay sir I just sat at thought I had a little bit to the show little little little info the great thing that I loved about the Henry he had like let's say he had like no material he'll take the ballpark let's say like the sounds of the ballpark and the crack of the back and he'll make like he'll make a whole show of that it's thought it was hilarious like in the outfield he'll say all the just guys are on his head he smashed his head and it was incredible it was incredible but I and then like he'll take like classical music and elevator not see how we disagree with it those were not my favorite still Henry shows like when we do that ball game thing that was something that would have been good for about you know twenty minutes and Phil would then again it was because people wouldn't call him so he would drag it out and make like a two or three hour bit out of it and it really got ponders yeah but much as all of Phil I was not his best stuff by any stretch it was funnier than I at least I was better info than half of these sports casters give on this sports station during a ball game that is you know as far as what I hear he's hilarious I just hope he comes back and I just thought I'd say you have a great show like everyone else is saying because I have this what do you mean like everyone else is saying everybody's very upset that I'm back yes the audience is very very put out I'm considering taking another couple of months off I was having a great time I had erupted my life so I can come back to do this and you know I'm I'm having second thoughts about it you're probably ready to go to Italy no I'm ready to go back to Amsterdam have a great day pal you do back to you a lot of unfinished work there believe me five what he laughed at about five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's Palm Springs North hello Neil yes sir how you doing great awesome hey uh still Henry if he was the excuse me for being stupid but if two was uh dedicated with time what he came on I mean would it be like delayed or ten and night to eight in the morning seven to ten in Los Angeles is ten at night to one in the morning here which would be perfect for us here instead of that gambling show we got on a night that narrow casting show with an audience about five hundred compulsive gamblers in a phone booth somewhere but the best place is being half right after you yeah I mean how are you gonna do that well I don't know put a hand calling the morning uh-huh this guy's in the morning below yeah well there's nothing else to listen to and this and in my anyway so I got to listen to it's sucks down here's radio sucks in this time it's week it's the worst pathetic all right bearers to be a part of it it's all material I got okay pal thanks for the good news okay six hundred open lines here whenever make it till noon I mean it's up for get about to a clock that's a given that that I guarantee that there's no chance let's tell noon that's only twenty three minutes away we're not gonna make it till noon busy well of course you come back after ten days away you want to ease into you want to like jump into all four hours could move out of ball game on today yeah let's let's put the tape on yeah let's play the rain delay party yesterday's ball game was rain delays for what to three hours let's play the rain delay part from before yesterday's marlin their big smashing victory yesterday against another you know if you took if you took the and they're all excited because they won fifty five games which is one more than they won all last year if you took away the games that they won against Tampa Bay Montreal and teams that were like swooning when they played them like the Dodgers if you took those wins away they wouldn't have twenty five wins much less fifty five what I'm a bad guy I'm a caveman I can't wait to see that buddy never spiced I wouldn't you know I really courageous punk like him would wait till I go on vacation to write a piece about that whatever it hello was although I will say this at least he wrote something did Tom jica ever writing about that last spring rating book about that FCC find oh well I can't do okay while we're at it yeah your real your real genius did he ever write that story about Dick Kasper the one radio maven it was ever in this market did he ever write about him oh because he too got them lazy to go out and talk to the people and find out what Dick Kasper did here because that was before his time you're just like all of right stuff and Tom okay strictly bush league strictly bush league if uh it's convenient for you you know if if there's nothing else going on if it's convenient maybe you'll make the effort to write something as opposed to really covering it like with a blanket and I got news for you Tom I mean I look all that great but if I had a head like that I'd cover with a blanket or with something oh some say don't ever watch sugar ray and that's good advice by the way all your kids out there if you're playing hooky today from school don't ever watch sugar ray you'll start breaking out in the hives even your back-home will start itching bad I'm telling you I'm getting a tweet right now I just tasted your snap looking glad you're late I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now I'm getting a tweet right now you a nice going airbrook sweet out with that big one point a person's 25 54 in his latest rent. She's dropping. She's going to all points in the next book. I'll tell you that right now. Some of the books she's going to be in a minus column. So anyway, this Jim drunken miller story. And I guess I want to pounce you to try to bring it up before. But you know, I get a little bit nervous when I heard that Jimmy this and Jimmy that because I don't want to start that crap. Okay. We got 20 hours of that swirl of that garbage on his radio station. 20 hours every day of your life of these sports nerds. Jimmy Farts, we got to hear what flavor it was and did a defect his hair. Is it still all in place? Is it in place? Oh, thank God. But this Jim drunken miller guy, I think the reason he originally was it was because he liked his name. But I forgot this is the kid who was found innocent in Blacksburg, Virginia of an alleged rape. He was on trial for rape and got off on it. But still faces a lawsuit filed by two men who say he and three other men assaulted them in the Red Blacksburg bar. That is still pending. So now we find out why Jimmy wanted him and got him on the dolphins. Okay? Because even if you were acquitted on something, I mean, right, there you go. That's a good one. And he's still got the crap pending. If you have crap pending, Jimmy likes you. You were disgraced, man. You were disgraced and the people that suck up to that stuff, they were a bigger disgrace. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, by the way, Robert. Thank you for the facts. Robert says, um, bring in the fill because Eddie is a piece of hit. That's bad. That's really bad to call Eddie OK. And he also says JJ, Alcine sucks. Nice going, Errabert. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello? Yes sir. Hey, Neil. Yeah. We just saw a lot of people listening to building kids. They don't listen to the show. Like people might 24 and teenagers try to get his tapes and stuff. Yeah. And supposedly, you know, hours of genius and you're good with radio stings here. And I think 7 to 10 would be the perfect time because there's nothing on TV. Do you don't understand what's on the UD? You're missing the point. He's on 7 to 10 in LA. That's 10 to 1, our time. 9, that's fine. I agree. It's a better time than during the day, personally. Right. For me, it's been for a lot of people. And for me, 10, I've been up to what I've heard his tapes and wanted. Right. Actually, it feels like you're much younger audience. I think a lot of talk radio. My amazeably does. Yeah. So, I don't think it was back, but he's sending it here. Okay. Well, how come the people at Clear Channel are so stupid? They haven't, he's going to be syndicated. Starting September 29th. We just don't know who's going to carry him locally. And if they are, why aren't they telling us so? Because obviously, this would be the place to put the information out. Yeah, they're promoting in there. It's down here at all. Oh, no. Stop. Okay. Promotion. This guy's talking about AM radio. Oh, emotion in the same way. We feel like that. This guy's got a great sense of humor. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Let's hear it for the beesleys. We brought those two religious stations in Atlanta for $10 million. So, George Canke, it is bonus. They said, we don't really want to stay. In fact, we might just shut them off. We just spent the $10 million so we can have them see us not the pay people among them. Because that's just the way we like to do in business. We just porkey like that. It's just our nature. We're just a bunch of porkey rednecks in case you have a notice. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you ever actually in town when when George is on the air? No. So you just hear people calling it, say, it was a great job. I mean, sometimes like if I'm leaving to go to the airport, I'll hear him on the way to the airport. Sometimes for a few minutes. It's terrible. He's unlawful. Well, what does that mean? Terrible. So. So they shouldn't have him on the air. I mean, have you listened to that? It's not what does I have. What did I just get you same user? And you think he's good. I think he does fine. I think he's getting better every time that he's on. I think he can't ask. I think he's overwhelming. What is it? He tries to be you, but he doesn't have any sense of humor. He talks about the same things you do. But when you talk about it, it's funny. Yeah. What do you talk about? Here's my suggestion for you. Okay. Next time he's on, find something else to do. That's my suggestion. It'll be next time I'm not here. He'll be on. Unless, like yesterday, which was a holiday, you would both had to do it. It'll be a tape. You just don't get it, do you, sir? Or some of you other people. I don't care. Okay. I've heard George Plenty on like times when I go to Toronto or wherever I'm going to Vegas. And I'm on the way to the airport. And George takes over in the middle of the show. I hear him on the way to the airport. And yeah, he's a little spick. But he's doing just fine. And he's better than those tapes. That's the option you got. Do you want to hear those boring tapes? I'll go a little crap from that's like totally outdated. Oh, no. That's the choice you got. Okay. And don't give me your song. It ends about how great the tapes are. Only a jackass like Rimmer who has a personal grudge to bear with George. And then he needs to have the like poison. Only remember what's say that. Which he said to me on the phone yesterday, by the way. Which I don't want George to hear me say that. It's all say real quiet. Okay. Because they hate each other like poison for whatever reason. He can do the show. And he can do the show. And he can do the show. Then you'd find out what Owing Plenty's all about. Oh, my god. I said, well, yes today. I said, hey, Rimmer, remember those hockey shows. Me used to do when he said they stopped. Yeah. Even he said it. And that was an understanding. It's a, that's the greatest testament to my own survivability in this market is that I survived those hockey shows. It's like it's like trying to serve how a lot to a bunch of eskamos. It just ain't gonna happen, baby. Ain't gonna happen. How did I survive that? How stupid could I possibly been? They stuck. Hey, we'll take some pretty tickets. What? Is this that thing where they go on the ice? And a kick each other crap out of each other? Oh, yeah, we'll take some pretty tickets to that. Uh-huh. Oh, it's big of an. Speaking of that sound. Have you been seeing any of these promos? Because Oprah starts studying on Channel 4 as I'm sure you must know. With Angela Ray Interfer. Oh, yeah. Everybody's got a lot of stuff. Everyone, every time I see her, I think, get the butterfly. That this woman needs mental help. I really believe that. I believe that Angela Ray needs assistance. I mean, she's sitting there. And of course, here's the, this totally talentless one. Do I have no, I, I know clue is to what her, she must have, Oprah must have naked pictures of every woman in America. With a, with a Billy Goder with something. Because why else would anybody watch the swell that she puts on at vanilla crap that she puts on year. But, but even sending that aside, here's Angela sitting there, yucking it up and and I did a, hahaha. Again and the laughing just starts getting more and more exaggerated like a crazy person. Pretty soon she's going to start sounding like that babbling. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Like that one. I got the one point in the last trend. Nice going sweet heart. Your numbers keep dropping and dropping. I hope I can't tell your boobs don't drop as fast as your numbers. They'll be down to your ankles pretty soon. And don't burn them with that hot candle wax either. Oh, here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Hi, dear. Good morning. Yes, sir. I'll take George over any of your tapes any day of the week. Amen. You wasn't bad. And one more thing, kick fill and California. I need that down the show tonight. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Yeah, nothing to worry about, pal. It happened. He's also got naked pictures of Greg Reed with five six seven. Oh, by the way, there's a character in the, what's that? What's another year to share? It's part of the, the woman. That's a doctor, evil's assistant. And the, the Austin Powers movie. What does it mean? But I just saw it on the plane yesterday. The bag, uh, bag, this bag, your long by her. The spy who I did it, you know. So anyway, her name is Frieda Farbusin, something like that. And if you want, what you will eventually be sure and, uh, see if her free on TV or something. It's not worth going in spending five or six bucks to see it. It's got the, I like two or three of the same last over and over again. It's okay to kill a couple hours on a plane. But anyway, Frieda Farbusin, if she ain't the water not, the abnormal who she is. Check that out. Same person. Here's a mobile and Del Ray Beach. Oh my god, Neil, that brook Daniel's laugh is terrible over the phone. He's. He can like, back to you to play some Phil Andrey's kids. No, no, no. No, Phil Henry is going to be syndicated and hopefully he'll be on a market. But this is still on the garage show. Okay, let's not get back into that again. I love Phil, Phil is a great talent. But we've got just a few of those things that I played eight million times. And the answer is, no. Five, six, seven, uh, the answer is, are you sure positive? Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Carl Spring, so long. This is the best news I've heard in a long time. Yes, it was going to be on life. Sir, I don't know. I said he show is going to be syndicated whether it's going to be in this market or not. It's still up for grabs. Oh, he means not a sure thing. Right. Oh, god. Well, I don't know. Anyway, I asked for George. I love you. I listened to him a few times and he was a very interesting. There you go. Especially the stories about human as wife and whether they're going to make it with this couple of them. Yeah, that was kind of interesting. Did they? I don't know. I mean, she keeps needing the oxygen. Well, see that because you keep forcing her to go there. It keeps littering her up all the time and dragging her in the car. She's screaming and kicking and doesn't want to go. And he keeps slapping her and forcing her to go. She doesn't want to go. She doesn't want any part of this crap. Yeah, she's only doing it for him. No, she's doing it because he's forcing her to do it. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? How can he do something like that? Because like most men, he's no longer satisfied with that limited sex life. That wears off after the first couple of years. He wants to expand, you know, which he already, of course, has on the side, which he don't know about that part of it. But nevertheless, he wants to make her feel like she's a part of it. Well, that's it. Which quite frankly, he'd be more than happy and up to leave her ass home and just go by himself. Well, you know, I'm going to meet sucks. What can I tell you? Exactly. Very well said, sir. Welcome home. Thank you. Excellent. No, seriously, I was reading a thing which I don't dare bring up on the air. Because it'll sound like some kind of a fat conspiracy. But, you know, there's this idea of physical attraction between people. As far as I mean, yes, there are couples that live together 40 years, 60 years, 70 years, but as far as them being sexually turned on by each other after 30 and 40 and 60 years. No, no. And you can call here and lie about it if you want, but you're liar, not true. And then they said basically two or three years, that's about the max two or three years after that. Forget it. 560, 705, 60, Pomp 560 on the 18th, you wireless line. Clinking 16 times. Patel, detect them in the air while they're off your bed. Where they like you. 14, looks inside your whole bed. All you gotta do is do watch and fly pedals there. If the passes you see and we're doing $ grid. You're a cellar, boy, you push all this inside. You're a cellar, boy, you push all this inside. But he's a human being, has that, that, that, that. Is it better to power this is what he used to do? You're a cellar, in a doctor's field, they can't, with the truth. You've got to see his face and his body's been born. And we're all with interest, all of this, you're a human being. You're a special, just a little bit Christian, right? And there's no need for this, they need to say, who's a good guy, who's a great guy, who's a great whole life. You're a human, push it, someone who's just being, and it's great. You're a cold, he's a baller, just a little bit, that. He's a cold, he's a cold, he's a cold, he's a cold, he's a cold. What do you think he's about to do? He's a good guy, a bad guy, a bad guy. Listen to your things, not what we all care about. 12 out to a 5 60 WQA and Hank Oberg at 2 to the staff, to know, to take a brutal beating here today, by the way. From then on this pounding, that was fun. And then we got the, the foreplay for the ball game, that I'm ball games and ball games and more ball games. That's what it's all about here on QA. And if you don't like ball games except from 10 a.m. the 2 p.m. you're screwed on this station. That's why you won't hear a fill-hungry on QA. Because this is Greg Reed's ball game station. Like the Marlin games, we got that Marlin game device. We're making money on it. Oh, are we losing our ass on it? Is that the reason we can't pay George's bonus? And all these other people are bonuses from the last reading book? Oh, there you go. Cost a lot of money to keep feeding that expensive ego that we got there with that bad crappy haircut of his and a real cheap for suities always were. 5 6705 60 when he don't want to dress too good. They'll make the beefleast feel bad. Here's a mobile informeyer. Hello, speaking to the beefleast. Hello? Yes sir. Hey Neil, it's gonna leave him for my if I do it. Hey, what do I do now? I got a hotdog on my butt. Is that funny? You got one? A hotdog on my butt. It's off and toe. 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. There's a dolphin guy for you. There's one of the sports nerds I'm talking about. In fact, that's a guy who'll be the first off in home game with a hotdog You're sticking out of the window. That'll be the guy right there. Tommy Lee. Okay. 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 that was our West Coast contribution today. By the way, thank you so much. Oh, allegedly informeyer's all the way. I have my doubts. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. That's why I moved out of the West Coast. I don't believe in. God. You're a network is probably one of the old time best movies. As far as I'm concerned, I know you're the same way. Yes. I've been working with a movie the other day. Bullworth with baby. I don't really crazy about baby warm baby. But I don't know if you've seen or not, but men for the 90s, it's a good runner-up to network really. That's so, yeah. I mean, you know, I was very surprised. So what's your call, right? Bullworth. Bullworth is a senator that wasn't at a dime store. Yeah, probably. Bullworth's right. Well, the whole message when he's running for supposedly set back in 1996, he's running for Senator reelection in California. But, you know, the message is you start spewing. Yeah. Basically, he doesn't care. Like, you know, it's one of those things where, you know, you're not going to live. You kind of lose all your inhibitions and. I'm like, right. I don't think there's any more. Oh. Yeah. Oh, man. The whole corporate political interweaving to conspiracy keep in the masses down. I mean, it's a great film. And nothing to do with the promotions that they were running on TV a couple of months ago. You know, made it look like an idiot comedy film. Someone said, Ren, that I rented it. I played it and played it and played it over and over and over again. I almost wore it out. So I should go, Ren it. I highly recommend it. You know, look at it. Watch it with an open mind. You get through the, you know, then the first 20 minutes seems like. Oh, I'm so glad that you mentioned about watching a movie with an open mind. Sir, I, this, I almost forgot about this. Thank you for nothing else. Bring in the spectrum. I memory. I watched the movie, which has been so highly touted over the years. Sunday night. I had to get up really early yesterday morning to catch my plane and answer it in. So Sunday night, I go to bed at 9 o'clock and I will attend 30 air wake up. And I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm not going to sleep. But I know what I'm saying. And I'm all slept out. By turn on TV and what movie is on on the BBC raging bull. You've never seen it. I watched while I never got through the opening scene with the eight. I've seen it in the minute minutes of music. You know, and I'll have bull crap with him. Battle boxing. How anybody could say that this is a great movie is so far beyond me. Raging bull is Robert the Nero and Joe Peshie. Playing to each other. That's all that movie is for two and a half hours. The biggest bunch of crap I have ever seen it. And the ending just, it just ends. That's all. It's like, okay, we ran out of material now. And Martin's course is you got tired. He's, you know, it's going to make him a big name. And that's the end of it. That's it. It's years since I've seen it. I mean, I liked it at the time. Well, what was there to like about it? I mean, like I said, it's been years since I've seen it. I can't remember. I've seen it. A projakel model wasn't even a, a great boxer. Even assuming that you like boxing, which I don't. But he wasn't even a great boxer. Well, what's the big deal about making a story about jakel a lot of his life? And the fact that I remember at the time there was a lot of hype is his ex wife, in penthouse, you know, the 50 year old broad with the great look and body. So there was a lot of hype around the movie. And I think it was, it was a time way back in the, I think that was from the 70s. You know, a lot of show. So these were garbats man. That is the biggest pseudo intellectual piece of crap. I'm going to be a bird you started you in the all the time was Mr. anti sports. Oh, but it's not a boxing movie. It sure is hell. There is 85% of it is clips from all these fake fights. And then the worst acting by the way, and it was fake. And again, the kid that they used to play sugar ray Robinson looks about as much like sugar ray Robinson as I do. Well, you're probably seeing on TBS. Is this month itself fighting boxing? No, let me see. Yeah, that's on the BBC. Yeah, this is on BBC. But anyway, rent bowl worth. I'm pretty sure you're like it. And I'd be curious to see what your take is on it. Okay, I'll do it by now. Thanks. Gotta be better than that horrible raging bullhead. God. garbage. And you know something I see. I never watched it far enough. I always like apocalypse now. One of those movies that I've tried to watch a million times. And I never get past the first few minutes. So I never even got past the opening scene where the music goes on and on. I never got past that. So I didn't even know that Joe Peshie was in it. And up until I saw this, I used to like Joe Peshie. And now I realize that Joe Peshie is just one dimensional. He's he's like the narrow. They always play the same character. Yeah, and he's my man. Yeah, he's like the jury spingershoes dragged out to two and a half hours. Yeah. And your mama too. Just pathetic. And they talk about this. See, this is another one of these pseudo intellectual things. All the foods. Oh, that's one of the great masterpieces of all time. Yeah, right. The raging bullhead. Piece of crap. Well, you just didn't understand it. And then must be I must be too stupid to understand these great masterpieces. And of course, the best part of the deal is that part of it was down here when he, you know, finally retired from these fixed fights. And he started his club over there on columns Avenue, Lamotters, and then he started doing a sit down comedy. In fact, as one part of the movie where he starts looking like Boko Brian. No, seriously. And then I knew that he was a big trouble. Nine minutes passed, no, then five, 60 WQMs. By the way, spider bait. Old drug get spider bait. You get red. It's really gross. That's why they invented kids and people. You wear over there like you hide the spider's back in your dreams. And the money is set. You wait until the sky of crazy, so you see it's more like little in that Atlantic town. And the old grass. And then all the earth in a Greek with waves. It's going to face that spring and roll inside. And go into their dark. All of a sudden down there night. And then the climate and energy. It's not a good idea. All of a sudden spider bait. Well, 14 at 5. 60 WQMs. So Alan, fun, dies. Alan, fun. What word did you say? And nobody cares. Can't a camera. One of the great pioneers of TV. Good guy. Jewish. Maybe a little bit too Jewish for American. 5. 6. What did he have to do with best Morrison by the way? I guess he used to be the wooden chief at one time. The co-host of the shit. Yeah. Before long before your time. I believe so. Before she got into politics to all I money. I think back when she was wearing them in coats. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 7. 5. 5. 6. 6. 5. 8. 6. 7. 4. 6. 7. 7. 9. 9. 7. 7. 8. 6. 7. 7. 7. shock. In fact, the Jimmy Johnson wants it all as he is still alive and is he young enough to be able to play for the offense. Now that he finds out that he spends some time in a big county stockade. And then he went back up to New York and did his sit down comedy. And then it ends. That's it. And I'm thinking what the after I'm this. Even Joe Pesci should be embarrassed by that. And I never even knew where Joe Pesci came from. So the first time I ever saw him was in good fellows. And come to find out this is a stale old routine that he's been doing since day one. He just does the same effin thing. The same up and thing over and over again. Is he just says the same four five words. And that's it. He doesn't act. He just that that's just him. Here's a lady in North Miami Beach, hello. Hi, North Miami Beach. Yes, man. You just made my day. You did two things nice. Yes. It's not free to for business. It's frown and she's my daughter. She's from North Miami Beach. The actress. Yes, it was all my business. Well, she got the part my my her. He was in both movies. She got the part. She says mother, please tell me what everybody laughs when I tell them the name that I'm playing in the movie. Oh, right. Oh, so she doesn't even know where you're. So we tell her she does not look like that. She's adorable. And she's very talented. She's waited 26 years for her. Yeah, who she looks like you when I have her dressed up with that spectacles. She looks like imaging Cocoa. I get it from the sense either. That's it. And also. Jake Lamada is alive. Jake Lamada is still alive. Yes, his S. White was one of my best friends who is the one that he beat up. Oh, he is alive in New York and suing the airlines. Because one of his sons was killed in that's with their craft last year. Are you kidding me? No. But how old must he be now? Jake. 80s. Yeah, and is early 80s. And he's still alive. He's still alive. And he didn't even take care of the cell. They were divorced and they were like, what is going on? He's showing the air. Oh, great. And she's a wonderful girl. And the cell is that she wasn't in pen house. She was the first. She was in. What's the other one? Paisler? No, the big boy. Yeah, playboy. She was 52 years old. She still is beautiful and nice. She can be. All right. The actress who played her in a movie was in a couch of one. Yeah, that she became yeah, she was very good. But this lady is in her 60s and absolutely magnificent. How do you like that? I got a comment daughter in teller. You saw for after this and yeah, teller I enjoyed it. It's a real for business and teller what a putty. It's Mindy sterling. Teller, what a putty on that. Mike Myers. I know. He's not Julie. Is that amazing? Yes, he is. No, his wife is. Oh, I think. I was Canadian. Yeah, but when he does so many expressions in his very town is very nice. Believe it or not, he's very shy. I believe it. Yeah, here. Especially with teeth like those. Oh, yeah. I'll kiss you. Thank you so much. You've made my life because you've done something with my mother who died last year. You've been doing anything from 10 to 2 every day, but listen to you. Right, what you made my day? She told me what you ate at your mother's on Tuesday. Thank you for making my life very happy. Thanks. Bye. Bye. How do you like that? You see you go through 6,000 calls and you get a good one. Oh, oh, she was just loaded with good stuff. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Frown far vision and believe me when you see the ear flick you'll say, oh, it's the water not see. It's the same person. Yeah, I care. Here's a pop in a hello. Neil? Yes, sir. First of all, I've been listening to you since I think I could look at your first and Palm Beach. How many years ago is that about 50? I feel like an old couple. Yeah, six hundred years ago. I was in jail. And then I've been following your old run. About a couple of weeks ago, I sent you an article. I thought on the internet on the 10th commandment. Did you get that? It doesn't ring a bell. Oh, God. It was so good. It was the new version of the 10th commandment. You know, if I get God, no, I know all that. You never got it. Well, I didn't know. Probably got intercepted by the God squad. Part of the problem. Well, what kind of thing what happened was that up in the single island a few weeks ago. Oh, I'm sitting by the pool these guys are talking religion and this and that. Oh, so that's crazy. Wait a minute. I'm going to change your religion because I'm going to change mine. So I divided in, you know, and I said, let me tell you something. I said, why is it that every time there's a part of the coin, there's this, there's that, there's that four people get buried. You know, I came to hold speech. Yeah. So did guys open your eyes man. Open your eyes. God is taking them because yeah. He puts his property took that three year old bill like I shot the other day. And they can't eat it. I just, oh, boy, I'm going to start praying that he don't love me and look at the cake. That's just to the bottom around me. Just consider the source. Have a great day. Okay, baby. God bless us. Okay. Yeah. See, I'm giving up on that. If people want to be crazy, anybody who could believe in this Jewish Christian God has got to be certifiable. Yeah. I'm not going to waste anymore my time because it's pointless. You have to be crazy to believe in this garbage. And let me give you one good example. And I hate to admit this on a year because the original say, see, I told you so. But in the Gorbard Alboca was reading, he makes a very good point. And that is circumcision is brutal. And there's no purpose to it. It serves no purpose. Because if indeed there would have been a God and he wanted to use to be a circumcised, they would have just been born with no law forcekin. How do you like that? That I would have been born because this was the omnipotent God who could do whatever he wanted. But instead of that, we had to make everything always involves a lot of pain and a little bit of blood. You know, I always got to involve SNM. It's the SNM God. In addition to which, it's just like any other thing. If there was no reason to have forcekin in the first place, then you didn't born without it. And after all these trips to Amsterdam and my European exports, I have discovered that, you know, if you can't beat him, join him or just beat him. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one lie. If you can't join him, beat him. Here's the four-laterdale. Hello. Yeah, are you doing the? Okay, sir. All right. Um, I have a two for you and a dough for George. Yes. Okay. I spent the week in relaxing Mississippi. And it was, I went over with it, you know, thinking, you know, this is going to be terrible. Yeah. What a whole bunch of you. But I enjoyed myself immensely. It was, it was wonderful. That CEOs are beautiful over there. The people are very, very, very nice. Um, I just, if I have to recommend, I, I personally show several times I've heard some comments about the Luxembourg city. Don't go up there, disembark, but if, if I, there are people who always tell me to go, but I'm the one that I would say is I'm not going to go there, because I have the same visions of it that you, you know, what, if you have to stay away from Tuna, which is North Mississippi, which is about 35 miles outside of the world. I have never, where one myself. Okay. And, but, but, but, I'll see that there, the, you know, the southern portion of the, of Mississippi. Yeah. Okay. It's nice. You got a lot of old, old, nice restaurants over there. Steve wins. Got that, Boba Vaj over there. Beautiful. Excellent shows over there. The great casinos of also another casino that's very, very nice. I'm, I'm an average player. I play 25, 50 hours a hand and invite Jack and my average bed on the crap table is probably about 80 bucks. And I was comp, you know, room, my meals, and I enjoyed myself. It was okay. Now, and for George, don't do it. I've been in that situation before, and it's, it's just don't do it. What situation is that? The last week you had a he, he, he, he, he shows about, um, swing, and. Yeah. And, um, just don't do it. It's, if you're not mentally prepared for it, don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Why? Swap your wife with another man. Swap your wife for another man. Yeah. With another man. Oh, I see with another man. With another man. You know, you take the other guy's wife and you guy take sure wife, you know. Yeah. But, um, don't do it. Um, you know, your wife is your biggest secret in that seat. It should be kept to yourself. And I let you ready to part with that. It's, it's not a good thing to do. I'm not getting involved. Okay. Thank you. Have a healthy and healthy. Okay. Thank you. I'm not saying word because I know too much. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, P on 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, yes. I just wanted to put my vote in for George. I tuned in yesterday and I heard the benefit of Neil. It's like if he was fired from the job or something. No, yesterday was a holiday. So he wasn't working. Oh, I think. Okay. Well, I think he does a good job. Well, thank God. All right. Thank you all. I wanted to say God bless you. You too. And, uh, your mama. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, P on 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Now, this is the never-paying attention to the audience because there are a bunch of mal-contents. The people are called and no matter what they say they're full of crap, you know. Ah, he was terrible. He was great. He was terrible. You're awful. Yeah. They don't know what they want because they're here. I can understand their frustration. They wake up in the morning. They look around in their here and they say, oh, Jesus, any place but here. I can relate to it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, P on 5, 60 on a mobile one line. No calls about that movie. By the way, if this were any kind of a town, somebody comes on the air and attacks one of the greatest movies allegedly in a history. And many people will tell you by the way, that's the greatest movie of all time. That's what the bird your friend used to tell me all of time. Raging bull. Greatest movie ever made better than citizen can you better than citizen can better than, uh, Mr. Ed, you name it. Greatest movie in a history mankind. Raging bull. I'd like somebody to tell me, why? What did I miss? I saw it from beginning to end. And I'm still by the way in shock the way that it ended. What what what happened there? It just it just ran out of film I guess. God, that was that was a great movie. Somebody's got to be a mental case to tell me that was a great movie, which means we'd probably get a lot of people call me sure to tell us that based on our audience. By the way, let me say it again. Congratulations, Brooke. And I stellar one point here, persons 25 to 54, your median demographic, your target demo baby. A one point, a 50,000 one radio station with an ass kicking signal right in the middle of the dial. This woman has done what nobody thought she could do in such a short period of time. I got confidence that she can bring it down below a one point. We like that way to the next trend way to the whole summer book comes up. She'll be there in single digits with a decimal point in front of it as in a all point nine or less. 26 past noon at five, 60 WQM. Having trouble falling asleep? Yeah, every night I try to count in sheep, but they think. Well now you can relax with a new limited time offer that stands in a different way. It's the best of outdoor. Oh, of course. I want to be asleep. Not combatose. Shut up and listen to this. And we have this today because I created the internet. Whoa, I feel in traffic already. That's right. After just a few minutes of listening to Democratic presidential hopeful outdoor, you'll forget what's bothering you and start thinking about who's bothering you. I love the environment because environmentally speaking without an environment, the world would be a terrible environment in which to raise our children. I can't keep where I open. Yes, you'll jump to the land of Lincoln Blanket and Nod as you subject yourself to the most uncarrasmatic public figure in the history of American politics. I have made an illegal phone taller to in my office, but at least I didn't have the listed sex and there. It's true. Nothing puts me in the mood to be unconscious. What is the advice? I'll burn it off. Oh, my wife. Don't stop me through another sleepless night. Get the best of outdoor today. And tonight you'll be sleeping like this. You ordered the best of outdoor on CD and cassette. Just got a 1,800. 12. Pretty 2 at 5.50 WCM. I have one question by the way. In addition to the raging bull, bull hit, and that is about African people. I was on a plane from Amsterdam to London because they did this virgin chaglanic, which I'll never do again. By the way, I'll know I did appreciate being bumped up up or class coming back. Not going over but coming back. But so I was on KLM from Amsterdam to London and it was a jam packed flight yesterday, yesterday morning. And we're a couple of Africaners came on there, wearing those schmattas that they were. The Hussai Chaka. No, not a Hussai Chaka. What? I'm not a girl. What are you talking about? What are you talking about? Dashiiki. Yeah. A schmatta. And my question is, do they all smell like that? That was question number one. And question number two is, since these were people that were brought on right at the very end of a full, you know what I'm saying? When they bring people on, who will extend by, why did he sit him right across the aisle for me? That's my question. I mean, did I do something evil in my life? I don't have to deserve it. But evidently, you answer is yes. You know, there's this amazing thing it's called soap. I know it comes as a great shock. Maybe that's why they call it a Hussai Chaka. 567 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Now what is that? Jekyll Amados one? Grand daughter, hello. Yeah. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, is this Neil? Yes, it is. I'm actually starting to listen to you about two months ago. Right. And my friend of mine just calls and says, they're talking about you on the, or not, about me, about the movie on the radio here. Right. And they're talking about Zikki and everything else. And I just want to, I don't know, quick update where we guys say, and I just called, they say, here, call right away. And I said, well, I don't even know what they're talking about. Well, no, I just haven't seen a movie too magical and Amsterdam is on vacation. And I couldn't fall asleep. And I turned on the BBC and they had raging bull on. Yeah. I've never watched before. And I'm sorry. I thought it was horrendous. Really? Yeah. Well, let's see. I mean, what was it that made an interesting movie? I just, I'm missing something. Well, okay, this is a normal nervous year. Well, a couple of things. Well, first, I didn't see this, but we can't, I was about 12. Right. So I really didn't understand everything. I thought about Robert DeMiro was my grandfather. I was a little confused at the time. Uh-huh. And uh, which would have made your peshi, uh, my uncle. Uh-huh. And um, but I don't know what? We have to understand um, my uh, my natural father is Joe the Mata, which recently touched away the Sathercrash. And my mom was divorced when I was about two and remarried. Right. So I always knew there was, you know, somebody out there that mommy dated, but I always had my dad's, my dad's my dad's. But as I got older, the movies came out and the playboy issues came out and all those things. Um, I began to realize, you know, where we thought about, when I saw the movie, for me, it was something different because it was like, I didn't know them. I didn't know this story. They didn't grow up, you know, with boxing or anything like that. So I, in my, for me, it was like, you know, a family game. It was a very ugly story. I mean, it was nothing about it that was pleasant. The whole thing was ugly and uh, well, listen, first of all, I'll take you on work for work for anything about the godfather because that's my favorite movie. Right. The second thing, uh, what's ugly about is actually, it's, uh, from what I have extended, you know, pretty truthful. You know, it's before my time and before I was born, I, I, I, I, I, I I was spoken about 20 to 20. So basically, when he six years later, I had a meeting with the Joe, he flew down from Miami because my mom and into Dickey down here. She was in the, uh, up in this area. She looked the same exactly the same. Just as pretty as she was way back when. And um, then my natural father flew down after 26 years. Let me tell you that's not easy meeting and there's reasons. Anybody other listening, there's reasons. People don't see each other for 26 years. Yeah. All right. And uh, and then of course, uh, things, you know, we had our problems and our differences and then a couple years later than there was the crash. So, uh, I don't know why you didn't like the movie, but uh, for me. You're named Naomi? No, my name is not Naomi. Oh. And I want to know why I have no idea. Well, I'll call everybody. Okay. No. And the thing is, for me, I like the movie because it's like, well, there's grandpa on there's grandma. You know, there you go. Um, you, I don't know why you didn't like movie. It's got great actors. It's done by Martin Triss case. He robbered in the air. Do you know, okay? See, I don't see. I'm not one of those people that goes in in joy. His or doesn't enjoy a movie based on who the director was. Right. Right. Right. And who the actors were or the actresses. I enjoy it based on, you know, whatever it is. And I thought it was just a gross, ugly, sorted story that there wasn't even, uh, I don't know. There was no, but the mic, the mic, the story, the better story. No. It's real life. And that you can accept real life for what it is. Yeah. You can appreciate it. You know, so, so what if he got a roses every day with that make a better story? No. That's what happened. If that's what happened, that's what happened. I mean, I wasn't around. But that's the story. That's what happened. And, uh, I mean, I think it was unfitting well. He was done pretty realistic. And, uh, yeah, there's, yeah, from my understanding he did. Yeah, he, he hit her and he was neurotic and, uh, just, and unfortunately, you know what, I got the same jeans. Yeah. Yeah, it's still neat. And X, I have a lot of things to do with it. But, uh, I, you know, like the movie, I don't like the note, turn it off next time. But, uh, I just didn't know. I was in my apartment, hanging out. Again, I hated, I'm glad you called, but I hated the movie. And nothing you say is going to make me like it. Oh, I hate it. You know what, that's okay with me. Thing is, I'm interested because they're talking about the specific air crash. I was coming back from Costa Rica that day. My plane was taken off. I get to, dead or plane was not. And, that's why I get off the airplane and the first thing, you know, I hear is, did you hear what happened? I'm like, you know, I was in Costa Rica. No, what happened? That was a little shocking for me, because I never got to say my goodbyes or, um, unsorry, or have any type of closure or anything like that. What don't say closure? Please don't say closure. Why? I just don't like the word. It's just a closure closure. Okay. But, um, I, I was, I was always trying to, all I know is a frintine one and in here and said they're talking about Swiss air. They're talking about Jake's and their statements, they're saying that and they dialed the number for me and I'm like, hi, okay. Okay. And, um, I don't know any questions or any, I don't, I don't know what to have a great life. I feel later. Thanks. You know, seriously, there's only one thing that I can one sound that I can order with this point that would echo my sentiments. That's all I can say. And I still hated the movie. Just like Jack Lemon said in the movie, Massapil, I hated you, Miss Lavia. I hated the raging bullshot. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile online, 21, before one at 560, WQA, some amazing stuff going on here today in between the rain drops here. Good for a can, keep it packer in his hand. Hi. This is Joe Peshie. And I would like to be serious with you for a moment. The talk to you is about a little known yet devastating disease. It's called Tourette Syndrome. Many people suffering from this affliction aren't even fucking aware of it. It can happen at almost any fucking time. This is one big fucking problem over here and I'm trying to make you fucking assholes. Oh, man, I'm at it. What the f*** you laughing at over there. Look at that guy over there. He's laughing. You think this is f***ing funny? What do you think of being fucking funny over here? What the f*** is so fucking funny over here? Did I say something to him? You, you, you, look at this f***ing guy laughing over here. All right. All right. Come on, Joe. Come on. I'm not right. What did you do that? Wow. You're going to have to bury him. I'm not very happy. I'm just fine. Get your time. I'm really f***ing time. I have a very somebody. Prop 44 or 560 WQM. You might, Joe Peshithing. Your Peshithes are over. Sorry. Bye, Joe. Well, I can be seeing you or that will be I can see you. How do you want to put it? I just, he just is a one, no, no, Charlie. Just is the same thing over and over again. That's all he may be doing. It was a horrible movie sweetheart. It was horrendous. It was pathetic. There was no reason to do the story of Jake Lamada. I mean, there are 8 billion other marginal scumbags out there and they could have done the life story of them. It would have still been a piece of crap. I don't get it. Here's Pompidol Beach, hello. Hey, Uncle Niel. Yes, sir. I'm going to touch all the bases real quick. You're actually raging bull. Yeah. First of all, regarding George, he does a great job. He's different from you. Just like Manage and Bow can't be a different from Hank. It's horrible. You know, simple as that. I like listening to Hank for some things. I like me and just for some things. And George does a good job. So whoever does the like George turned the dial regarding the girl and the woman who was on the phone, they were telling the truth. That girl, I'm not going to say her first name, but she used to work at a restaurant called Remuda Training, well, that was down on the beach. She's an absolute knockout as was her grandmother and everything and everything she was saying. I mean, I'm not a fight fan at all, but I thought raging bull was a fairly after-it-a-count. If it was a not a good movie in your opinion, just like people don't like George or Hank, get up you all like raging bull and that's understandable. Yeah, but it's not a question whether it's understandable, but the fact is that the pseudo-intellectuals, the so-called movie critics have built this up over the years, is one of the great masterpieces, one of the brilliant, because Martin Scorsese directed it. I just don't understand it. I mean, somebody would have to explain to me what is it that I missed. Yeah, but the thing about Peshias, I've read one big read on one of the call was that they had this four-part series on Arts and Entertainment last week, the wrap back at Nuffa-Doodee HBO thing. I think that they put it on, and you know, it can jump you with it whatever. The thing about Peshias, not a bad actor, but every one of his characters, is just runs at the mouth like crazy. Yeah, you have to get along the way. I'm saying every single movie. No, I was watching a casino a few weeks ago and then they had an entertainment network, they had this thing about Las Vegas, where they showed the guy Lestie, who Daniela played in the movie casino, and you know, how it all fell all together. This guy Lestie, that Daniela played, he also placed up in Boko, called Crocs. He was a restaurant up there, and he still said, oh, I didn't do this, I didn't do that. Now that's the Natra has gone, and Dean Martin, a lot of the old-time Vegas people has gone. So I'll come out now. I mean, obviously, you've known because I know you read all the Kennedy books and you're your big reader and everything. All the stuff about Sennatra helping Kennedy and then when Kennedy gets elected, Robert Kennedy still goes after the mob and Sam, what was it in Gianca? Gianca, you can't count up. I had to be Gianca when after Kennedy, he had to be at something to do it, I was well and all that. You know, this stuff never, ever, when it came out as long as Sennatra was alive. And now that he's gone, all the stuff has come out, the movie. Oh, what stuff has come out? I'm just, you know, I'm not all coming up, and now it's, instead of being whispered in the books now it's just sensationalizing at all over television. No, they're not. Then fact, that's the thing that's shocking to me is now that Sennatra's dead. You see, even when somebody's dead, there's bad you. You know, the record companies have got bad you and selling more of his records. So even after somebody dies no matter how much of a scumbag and he was, there still are people who have invested interest of protecting the image. Yeah, that's right. No, you're, you're, you're light about that. There should be an expose on Sennatra there to be just, really honest and, in fact, this whole biggest thing, all of these are not all of them, but so many of these entertainers who were big and biggest, especially the other people couldn't sing a word of a paper sack, they were big because they were owned by the mob. Right, and Sennatra was a part of the thing. Right. You know, absolutely, no, I was just saying, I mean, the whole thing about Sammy Davis and Lawford, how he shut him out, things like that, getting back to a motto. I guess I was not a fight Santa, whatever. I did, I do remember years ago seeing the grandmother in playboy magazine. She was beautiful and all that. The Neuro, the Neuro, I always thought it was a great actor, Peshie, like I said, he just stills in with the board. I'm missing something there. I'm not a raging ball. Hey, no, no, no, no, no, no, can I say something? I'm sorry. Everybody's making a big song in advance about how beautiful his ex-wife was and the grandda. There are a lot of beautiful people around in the world, but nobody made a movie about and it doesn't make them important. You know, in other words, we all appreciate human beauty, but I don't understand what that has to do with why he was so important that they needed to make a movie about him. If you were to fight fan, since 85% of the movie was clips where the stage horribly fake stage clips from these boxing matches were the blood spurting and the gut spurting and done dumpy sitting there breathless at the ring. I mean, I mean, I even on that a boxing fan, certainly is a young person. I watched it up boxing. I've seen a million boxing, a million fights. There was nothing and even even my newly realistic about that. But let me make him a couple of years. And then the one fight where he's his last fight, I guess, we're sure where he'll be at the crap bottom and he just stands there and it's like this thing is frozen to spend it in space and the pseudo intellectuals must add a field they would have seen because it's like all suspended in time. It like takes 45 seconds for the scene. He just stands there with his arms open and should array a letter just he's gonna be thinking about he's thinking about it. And then he finally comes up and just beats the smile out of him and there's blood and sweat stuff. Oh, what a goddamn thing. What happened? What was the point? I mean, what was the point? I'm gonna try. I'm gonna make a valiant attempt to try and explain it from what I understand. When Lamada fought Robinson and that fight, if the fight had gone on like another 20 seconds, Robinson practically could have been killed. Lamada just went to bananas on him at the end and the rope felled up Robinson. That's what kept Lamada from being the champion. That's from what I have read from what I've seen on ABC's Royal World of Sports stuff like that. Lamada in his era allegedly, I mean, he threw fights because that's the mob control, the fights back then. He was what the people referred to and you know, you're from that era not me. I was born in 1960, but to a lot of people from the 30s, 40s, 50s he was the uncrowned champion and that's why he was such a lovable guy as bad as he was. Was a lovable guy? No, no, he was like, come back. I didn't. No, I, I, I, he was a lovable guy. He was a lovable guy. He was a aerotic scumbag. He used the wrong word. He was paranoid. He, I mean, all, he, he, the only thing he was concerned about was his wife's screw and his brother. This one, that one that she kissed some old man on the lips. There was one. He was a paranoid scumbag is what the movie said. There was one story that came out to be true that before he was fighting this one guy, his wife saw a picture of the guy and just said to him, she goes, oh, he's kind of killed. Now I'm not in the movie. He was a lovable guy. He was a lovable guy. He said, my wife likes you and just proceeded to care to die. I did not need to use the word lovable, but the fans loved him. They knew what he was all about beating the wife and all that. But the fans just got behind him and that's why he became one of these mystical figures out of the war. Yeah, I mean, you know, again, the first, the first of all, I'm not as old as you think I am. Okay, I think you're 56. Okay, so the, the fact that most of his career was in the 40s, the timing of it has got nothing. I'm not a contemporary his. Based on my growing up as a kid in the early days of television, he was never in a same category with the Joel Lewis or Sugar Ray Leonard or Max Smelling or any of the great boxes. He wasn't in that category. Okay, so when you're trying to make him up to be, you're trying to fit him to make the mold of the movie and he wasn't. Okay, I mean, you know, it wasn't my era and I'm not about, I understand what you're saying. I think it is going to have saying, I don't, I don't understand what you're saying. All right, listen, I know there's other people on the white part of the Jewish bag. Okay, so anybody know what he just said? No, no, here's my any, hello. And now you like to move any better, Neil? No. You understand anything better? No. Hey, man, I want to make a business deal with your kids. You're an important fan of the course of life. Hey, man, when you die, man, I like to give the confession to self-ticket to your funeral. Oh, yeah. Oh, I'll be stadium. Uh-huh. Let me tell the tickets there. Yeah. How those are? You got a long wait, pal. We have Joe Cash, you're collecting the, yeah, they got a long wait. How about when you die? Oh, I don't know. You can be rich. Oh, right. Okay. Okay, it's a deal. He must know what your name, Angela Ray. Five, six, seven, five, 60, palm, five, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Marguid. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm here to tell you what the, the picture meant. You, you really didn't miss the point. Okay. Now, you don't have to really be care about Jake Lamada to understand the connection of it was about a very flawed person who nevertheless was a survivor. And we've known all known people that have beaten their wives or whatever like that. Was this a, probably mean he was a survivor. He was a bomb at the end. He was a two, but you see the thing is, in other words, is it's some of the greatest pictures that you've ever seen or about flawed people that never let's just move on. In other words, that makes them interesting. In the fact that a death life, no, his wife is very harsh, very tough. In the fact that at the end he was just, he was moving on, no matter how many of his women are not alive. Huh? He was moving on to why. But moving on to another part of his life, that then was a death life. Which was a one. Which was one. Which was he was he was he was on the stage. He was on the stage. He was a flunky. He was performing in nickel and dime clubs. Yeah, the life is survival. That's a life is. And as if there's another thing, in other words. So this wasn't about somebody who was a survivor. This is about somebody who became a failure, who had riches and lost it all, who had a wife and a family and lost it all, and became a bomb. And they're not going to do about surviving. So what about it? I know a lot of people, but I wouldn't make a movie about it. It makes an interesting story because it's a book. It was not an interesting story. It was a depressing story. But the press is stories that that's a way life is depressing. No, this call is depressing. Okay. Oh, I feel so much better now. Oh, what a breath of fresh air that their call is over. So you can rationalize anything. And I'm delighted because I did ask the question. But I'm glad that I'm stupid in this guy's smart. You know, like Fredo, he's smart. I'm dumb. I want to go fishing by the way, pal. Be sure and say enough, hell, Mary's. Because you never know. He's sitting behind you in that boat. Oh. I mean, you talk about desperation to try to make something out of nothing. And again, because because the so-called experts have told you that this is a great motion picture. And that Jake Lamada was a very important American figure. And in some way, shape, perform sports figure, some kind of an icon, some kind of a something. Is anybody believe that? No. If I had to think back, you know, the political sports, all the various public figures in the course of my lifetime, would Jake Lamada ever come to my mind if I wouldn't have seen that movie? No, no. He was a piece of crap. And there was nothing complicated about it. He was just a paranoid, manic psychotic piece of crap who was uptight and just out of control. He was like borderline, uh, should have been put away somewhere. Dangerous to the extent that even his brother, even Joe Pesci, there, and then that scene toward the end of the movie where he runs and he sees his brother out there on the street in New York where it hello was. And he goes up to him and Pesci keeps walking away from Joe, yeah, I guess his name in the movie. And he finally corners and by his car, Joe Pesci is trying to get into his car to drive away to go home and he corners him. Come on, speak to me, talk to me, how are your brother? And this, of course, is after he had come running into the house and beaten the crap out of Joe Pesci out of his, first he beat the crap out of his wife and then beat the crap out of Joe Pesci in front of his wife and kids because they were because he was so paranoid about thinking that his brother, Joe Pesci, screwed his wife. And so all these years went by, the Joe Pesci wouldn't speak to him. And he finally corners him in front of the car. Do you remember that scene? Come on, kiss me, kiss me. I thought that we're going to, he was going to do them right there, right there. I mean, it was just ridiculous. If that was somebody's idea of a good acting job, then, uh, you know, and that's Robert the Neuro for you again. Here's a guy who is another, like the Rascal House. He's the Rascal House of acting, the forge of acting, state of mind. Oh, it's the Neuro, he's brilliant. God. 1256 is that you know something if Robert the Neuro had never been in Godfather too, it wouldn't have be attracted from the any of the three of the trilogy. And anyway, shape or form, he contributed nothing to the Godfather. Nothing, zero. Mama Corleone, what the hell was your name, the singer of Morgana King? She, she contributed more, even just by making a good sauce. 1257 at 560 W. K. W. M. Oh, it's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. Nice God, bro. Wait, what's up? 1256 W. K. W. M. So we're discovering that Jake Lamata was one of the real icons of the American history that he was one of the real great heroes, even though he was a scumbag and was ready pressing. I was just saying to George, when I go to see a movie, I'm even sitting at home watching a movie passively on TV. I want to be entertained. Whether it's serious, whether it's comedy, whether it's, any of these, all these things, I want to be entertained. I don't want to be depressed, if I want to be depressed, I can just walk outside and look around and realize that I'm here, and I'll be depressed immediately. So the idea that because the life is depressing, and then this guy, he sounded like Mr. Depression. He sounded like, you know, the movie could have been about him. As in loser, here's Miami, hello. Oh, yes sir. Hey, can I change this up a little bit? Oh, I just want to get your opinion on something kind of serious and see where you stand on it. President Clinton's opera of clemency to those Puerto Rican terrorists. And now, Hillary, I don't have any opinion on it. No opinion? No. Do you know what I'm talking about? I know what you're talking about. And Hillary, of course, is a monster run from Center for New York, and that's a big with the Puerto Rican's in New York City. And so she's saying one thing, and they're saying the opposite. I have no opinion. But you know what she recently did over the weekend, though. She now she's making, she wants the prisoners to have a deadline by this Friday, which is so far, the three weeks that they made the opera they haven't. But then you see, you asked me, I don't care. I was first of all, I don't care about Hillary. I couldn't care less about Hillary. She didn't know what interested me. I don't know. I just thought it was kind of stupid to let terrorists possibly go three for just three, for just denouncing violence. Okay, we'll denouncing violence, and then we'll be free. Yeah, I see. I mean, that's kind of stupid. I say give them a, a knuckle sandwich would be good. Okay. As in, that kind of. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I mean, you're going to get this to ask him. It's like, like the middle east piece of agreement. How many middle east piece of agreement have we had? And how many times have I told you, there is not going to be no piece in the middle east. Okay. They just get through signing it. They have another big ceremony. There, here's Madeline, all rights, here's yes or error fart. Here's all of these, uh, Barack, Baruch, Baruch, Baruch, whatever their name is, and other blowing up buses again. And they're all blowing up whatever they were above. Same old crap. It's never going to stop. Never going to stop because it's a crazy world. With crazy religious people because as soon as you come up with a word religion, you're talking superstition. You're talking crazy people. People who have no respect for the planet, no respect for life. People who have no brain, crazy people. The only people who could believe in this sick SNM God. And like I said, I'm not, I, I'm not going to waste my time with it anymore. I, it's, it's been, wait. Not that I'm so much whole year than now so to speak. But it's just a waste of my time. I'd rather sit here going, boom, boom, like that. And feel I'm doing something more productive. And waste that my time arguing with people who don't have enough comments since to realize what a bunch of horse crap. How ridiculous these bubble mice is are. Here's Boker. Hello. Boker. Yeah. Hi. How you doing? Okay, sir. Um, just a couple of comments on Joe. Yeah. That's the most, the Lord he was terrible. In fact, he, he always was a, my uncle Frank used to live two blocks away from him. And when they're blocking, he's to beat him up regularly. So he, he, he just had people back and I'm going to as far as Joey. Joey's basically a comic. You know, they used to have that. I was the cat's group, him and Frankie Vincent. Right. I used to see him, you know, the older adult supper club on Long Island. Yeah. But, you know, he's done a lot of different things besides all these hoodlum movies. He did easy money. He did home alone. Those leave the weapon. He can do other things. He had him alone. The home alone. So that little kid in the closet. I'm not into a little kid. Yeah. Well, I was a little Jackson once. I leave the weapon. See, he was like all over the board. Yeah. In fact, the one that the, maybe I just had bad luck at that every time I see him in any movie, he's always doing the same care. That is him, though. I mean, I, I, from the club, I used to I kind of followed the characters. I liked him. I found him very, very funny. Yeah. They were, you know, Vincent and Peshie, you know, I Frankie Vincent, who are the most of them. They were stand up comedy act. And that's where the narrow, remember the environment. Joey was managing I read this was managing an Italian restaurant in the Bronx, one, the narrow called for that part in the, in that raging bull, which I didn't like. And by the way, left the, uh, his, uh, his, uh, his uncle or his nephew on that crox out there in the book, and that's gone too. Okay. So there's just a few facts. Okay. Thanks. Right. See. Yeah. Do your patchy just walked in. Not right. We're not sure if he's your Peshie or Robert De Niro as, um, Jiclamada, Bokebron. There, there, no, sure. There was one put in the movie because they kept changing his nose and making it wider and wider as you got older, you know. And at one point he was like sitting back in the chair. And I thought, if he had a little bit less hair, it's Bokebron. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18 and T wireless line. Here's North Miami Beach, yellow. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, no, uh, only chance of just a little bit. No, I don't see a hockey car. I would like to see how many. Oh, great. Here's a mobile in Jamesville. Hello. Hey, Neil. I, uh, you've wanted to say that movie was not very good. Um, I was done if you're talking about how you can never get into a apocalypse now. Right. That first thing we're marking seeing you mean with all the music and the, the room you can never get past that. Right. That's as far as I get. I don't blame you. I've seen that movie before. I get a warning desire to shut it off. And I do every time. That movie's just not. It gets, it's a little too unusual. And that's one of those other movies that everybody says, oh, it's so good. Oh, it's so good. Yeah. And it says that's okay. And I never really thought Frances for a couple was very good. Even though the godfather's very good, I think I think if we had had somebody else in there, it could have been just as good. Right. And in the end, you tried to deter when he tried to make his own and he has his daughter in there and he brings in people who have no right being in that kind of channel. Right. And he like, wow, it can, and keep him. Come on, Eli, eat another canola, Eli. Quick. Eat it fast. Please. We can't stand it anymore. But I agree. I think the narrow and a lot of his movies, the narrow and pastry play the same character. You look at good fellows. I mean, those movies with the narrow was playing the, the wacko and it, it keeps fear that he played in them. The real Wesley Snipes. He's playing the same wacko with the same off the guy and everything. Right. He's right. And he didn't really add anything to godfather's to nothing. And actually a lot of zero. Well, I think about the godfather. We don't think about out there. No, no. Well, I don't think no range. Con Robert Duval. Absolutely. I'm not going to be thinking about men's Pesio. I'm sorry. I'm not going to be thinking about the guy. Right. Now I talk in that hollow. I tried for a call. I won't see it right. There's more. I'm him and Pauli both. Once you tell you more. I wasn't wondering, there was one thing I was wondering. No. Why would you throw a loan without a neary? Because he was smart. Not dumb. Like everybody said, he was smart. If he would have just said two more hell nearies, that might have done it. Have a great day, pal. You two don't see it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pond, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. It's one, oh, nine here at QA. And how does he end the banana republic baby only in Miami? Georgie bush has that his nose is clean and never puts up in it. Teddy's running for the White House. So he just changed his mind. Don't drunken that nut all evening down the few people. All the time, can he drug with you? He even dropped some messages. Why will George just come out and simply say he did it? He pre-poses that with Chuck DeMal. Oh, it's not your goddamn business. He did more than what you think. Well, he watched it down the same. And he pre-poses cocaine too much. That's the question that he does. And he made you quite much clearer. Like a razor on a mirror. And he wants the two beys. That he didn't do anything. Georgie bush has that his nose is clean and never puts up in it. Can't he run for the White House? Georgie's dream, Georgie's dream, Georgie's dream. Right, 14 at 5.60 WDQM. Tell you another movie that I saw a little bit of while I was in the case. You know, come in late at night and you turn on your TV and I'm really ready to go to sleep yet. And you flip it around and find something that's in English. And the movie, and I don't want to say who one is tasting is always raving about what a great movie. Hey, stop it then. Always quoting from this movie. Hey, stop it. Staling 17. Well, I'd never maybe I saw it years and years and years ago. With William Holden, why the love William Holden, one of the great actors of all time. Little drunk, but the angel, no pain anymore. I watched about 25 minutes of that and I flipped it off and went straight to sleep. Work like a charm. Pull me right into a coma. Off all. Talk about depressing. Of course I guess most more movies are depressing. Not good. Not good. How can you say that? I just said it. Not good. 5.60. 5.60. 5.60. On the. I'd rather watch what's your name. From. What is your name? From. From. From. From. From. From. From. From. From. Even. I can't remember it. 5.67. 0.5.60. Pound 5.60. On the. A. T. N. T. L. I. And here's 10. Merak. Hello. Oh, me. Yes. Good to have you back. Uh-huh. This is going to have to agree with you on the raging bow. One of the worst movies. Plus it was painful to watch. It was so much Carson. It was more Carson and that movie. Probably to any movie. Everman. And it was just gratuitous. I mean, it wasn't that a point to it. It was just your pression Robert DeNiro being a bum's the whole for two and a half hours. Usually I agree with you on everything, but I have to disagree with you with Robert DeNiro. To me, the man is the greatest actor of all time. Oh, and listen, the greatest actor of all time. I only make angst the picture. Did you see the king of comedy? Yeah. The king of comedy. That to me is the greatest movie that was ever made. Where he played Rooket Pumpkin. Yeah. The scenes when he was down in the basin with the cardboard with lies of Manellian is mother called them and the scenes with Chandra Bernhardt. He's the greatest actor of all time based on one movie. I'm not based on that. He's a great comedy actor. Do you see, analyze this? I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't want you. It's just another gratuitous role where he plays. You've had a chance on telling him this movie. I wouldn't want you. I don't want to see Robert DeNiro playing another Mafiociokine. He plays a comedic Mafiociokine. But why? Because that's the whole idea of that. It's like saying, you know, it's like playing a comedic hitman. You know, it doesn't make any sense. It's a terrific movie. You're so short. Listen. I know. Here's your question. How come popular racetrack doesn't take the medalliance flat tonight when called the risk closed? You know, no, no, be seen to no deans. I haven't got any. Listen, if I could tell you why they do anything, there would be a miracle. I don't know. Great to have you back. Please play to Britney Spearson. I know you, uh, you say you look at my eyes, but I know you're checking out my thighs. Oh, thanks. Yeah, Britney's big over in Europe, I'll tell you that boy. Her and Enrique, although he's a lot prettier in tears. I was going Enrique, we doing that video. Nobody wants to see God name Will Smith. They want to see a lot of hot flesh in that the remade video and that by Lamost's humongous over there. Every 14 seconds they're playing it. Just keep rubbing that belly and Reke, you'll find something there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, T. Wireless line. We're critiquing film today. Like Lee J. Cobb used to say in the exercises used to like to sit around and in between exercises you'd like to sit around and critiqued film. Here's a lady in Carroll City. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Welcome back. Thank you. I saw Rachel and will and the only thing that when they were advertised in the promo movie, this is a greatest black and white. All they talked about that was a black and white because most of the movies are during the time. It was Charlie, you know, college, not college. But they were, you know, films in color. I saw the movie and I saw the movie and I saw the movie and I saw the movie. Of course, at least at least we knew what color sugar ray Robinson was. Right. It was a black and white and it was slow and he was like a maniac and I don't know whether they was trying to promote him or try to get people because the people were staying away from boxing and then everybody came out and it was the greatest boxing film that ever was. And I saw the movie. I thought I was. I can only imagine if it would have been in color with all the blood and the blood that had been leading out of the ring. I mean, I'm going to try and go. Let me share it again. 80 to 85% of the movie was these clips, these stage clips from all these different fights that he had and with nothing but blood and guts and sweat spewing over the ring and people getting splattered and apart roll up and then it's all it was. That's all it was and I thought I remember the date I saw it in was 150 to the street. I don't know whether it closed because of the movie. I have to the moment. I think that would do it. That was it that I love the movie and I agree with you. 100% it was the worst movie ever and I can understand the growth and now I can understand a granddaught or more. Yeah. You know, I can answer problems and regimes. Right. I can answer the guys in the audience are hoping to find it. Okay. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line, more hype jobs. All these fantastic hype jobs that Hollywood does that the politicians do that the media does and people are, oh yeah, that's great. Like this my friend before it gives me, I mean, you know, it's subjective. If you think Robert De Nero is the greatest actor of all time, I mean, okay, who might argue with you? I never saw him again. It would be too soon. The only movie I really enjoyed him in was once upon a time in America. But when you got a actor and actress who always plays the same role over and over and over and over again, even the word typecast isn't sufficient to describe how uh, ponderous it gets. Like Joe Pesci would say, I'm King ponderous. Here's the four-letter Dale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. You're right about that. But the problem is is you're blaming the actors for them being typecast. All right. It's the casting directors that say, okay, why don't you play this part for the eight billion? I agree with that. Okay. Um, I wouldn't but it's like this guy tells me as you go see analyze this. No, I think when they have the Nero come back again and they make up another mob, uh, role for him. Uh, I'm not getting a comedy. Yeah, but you can't say that that's his fault. I mean, you want to make a block and he's going to go do it. I mean, there's no doubt about it. Don't you think somebody of his stats, you can make a buck by finding a better part than that? I uh, I may be not, maybe because he's been typecast so much. It's the only thing they want to cast in it is that I'm not quite not hard to hear you. You really think so. I mean, what about Joe Pesci? All my friends. Oh, Joe Pesci at this point, he's what you see is what you get. I don't think he can do anything else. Well, I don't think that I don't personally think that's true. I think that that's all he's ever been. That's all it's ever been ponderous plate. All right. And you're saying the other thing that I disagree with his, you're saying because the subject matter of life or Jake Lamada is the disgusting and he's a peri and I always amass all or whatever you got. I mean, that's true. I mean, that's what the guy is all about. But why was it interesting? What was they're interesting about him? I don't think it's necessary. I mean, what makes anything interesting? You'll go to bed. I mean, it's just, you know, it's an opinion. If you like it or not, I mean, it's still, I thought it was an interesting. I don't think that if you're going to do a movie that's based on a life story of somebody who ever the person is filling the blank of various Mr. Schwartz, Mr. Jones. Mrs., uh, that there's got to be something interesting enough to make a story about them. I didn't think he was interesting. I didn't. It would have been something if he went from, you know, from going to lose it all his money and lose it. The championship and then going, becoming a bum and then making some kind of a comeback or something interesting, something but I'm not happening. But all he did was it just showed that he was another part of this corrupt world of boxing where the fights were rigged, where the mob control, he didn't was going on. He became a, he was a scumbag of human being who was in, just historically, jealous and psychotic and paranoid about his wife and, uh, a rural and the, uh, sadistic, well, I don't understand it. But Neil, don't you think that's great that they showed it in such a true light? I mean, that, you have to agree that, because usually they're going to pull a punch with you and say, oh, there was something intrinsically great about this guy or what they showed him as the discussion. Why did they just come on in the beginning and say, J. Climada was a scumbag. Wow. Here's a good movie. They could do that with anything. Yeah. Here's a good movie. That isn't about Jake Lamada. That would have been much more interesting. I mean, you didn't think the movie was good. You just don't like the subject, not on like the Neuro, right? No, no, no, it had nothing to do with whether I liked the Neuro, no, it was the Neuro, it was the definitive the Neuro and Joe Peshia. We do want to movie to be each other. Well, you know, I have to agree with you on that, but that's what those people were. I mean, those people were that. The cursing and the, and the low lives and no clad. But let me ask you like Marlon Brando. Okay. All the different rules that Marlon Brando has played. But Marlon Brando was offered a lot of great roles. I'm saying that these people may not have that opportunity in this day and age where everybody's cutting the bottom line and they can get maybe Joe Peshia, but I don't know. I can't agree with you. You know, they can't even get people to go into a theater to see a movie with one great actor and it has to have 5,000 actors and then maybe somebody will show an interest or like you said it's a hype job like Titanic. Everybody, oh God, you got to see them. I mean, you know, we're I'll stick with Ralph Arbison of myself. I'll agree with you. All right, Neil too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on the ATO and speaking of bad teeth. So I'm flying over on Virgin Shaglandic and there's a guy sitting next to me who's smelled a British guy, smelled so bad and had the typical British teeth. Only this guy was a real single intellectual guy with saying this 60's from 6,000. Now the only good part about this is that this man never shut up for a minute until finally he drank so much wine on the plane that he knotted off the last hour of the flight. So that part of it made the flight a lot shorter. Papa Papa Papa Papa, but talk about a single intellectual and this man, oh, he had a meeting with the hotf- what what the hell's the name? From a Syria, Hassan and he had a meeting with the CIA and asked them to do this. I mean, this guy either was a four different kinds of passports. This guy either is some kind of a sinister, cloaking dagger, international spy or just the paranoid psychotic Brit with too much your bad booze. And when I started telling him my opinions of the British, which he doesn't live in London anyway, he likes Paris's his favorite city, which is where he's going to be like Italy, he likes Paris. And I started talking about the Brit's in about the world, and of course at that point, it's just like we'll be like trying to talk to George about the Cubans. It was the same thing. You couldn't possibly get through to this man. Total denial, the British are in sucks, unbelievable, and all and every people's needs something to cling to, and that's why the thing with the royalty, and it has such great significance, and bad about about to be, and of course the queen, how could she possibly have done a better job under these circumstances? I mean, a stuff that this man was peddling me. Maybe that's what's smell. Maybe it was really, you know, but it's smell like. I have a philosophy in life for all you people out there who don't look too good like me, okay? If you can't look good at least smell good. One thing about me, I always smell good, whether it's brute, whether it's whatever it is, oh, the toilet, whatever I got splashed on me, I got her shower, I got some stuff on, and I smell good. I can't look too good, but at least I smell good. Oh man, there is nothing like getting on a plane as a captive audience, and having somebody sit down next to you knowing it's going to be about 8, 8, and a half hours, you're sitting together on that plane. I mean, how much time can you spend in a scrap or, you know? There's nowhere to run, nowhere to hide, and this man smell like a Brit, like a drunken old smelly Brit, with those bad black crooked jagged teeth, that even Austin Powers would be embarrassed by. Although he did keep going like this, he couldn't. 26 after I won at 560 WQM. It's a lot of your so big. All right. I know that she's keeping going ahead again on that planet, and I ain't Oh, young man. I'm so glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. How young is Xi president? The person he's taking, The Supert and the Mayor. The duplicitous gentlemen, do you know me? It's like cream. You learnt it up with a friend underneath. She was twenty five but she's just a few. Look they tie. I've been in my life at 3, you didn't go out last night. Oh! I best off my pictures. Because of your touching, You're my cousin, You're my sister. And I best off his own now. Oh, my son. All right. She's okay. You're the only one. You should be scared of her. You're the new Rolling Stones fan, I'm the only one who's been famous and tiny. Oh, my son. She's looking my son. I'm the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one. Wow, they're all cool. Yeah. 133 is 560 Wq. Anymore, I happened while I was away with that school teacher. And those kids, those underrated kids, Which of course brings back that same question again. How young is two young? Huh? Nothing about that. All those hypocritical meals out there. Oh yeah. 133 year old son of he's banging his teacher. That's okay. As long as it's a woman. And as long as it ain't my daughter in which case. 560, 560. And what about the hooker ring in the highly end and can't tell anymore about that while I was. Oh, no. Why? Tell it the new shirt. Travel slowly down here, doesn't it? Here's sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Hey, we're finally getting out of this trash dump down here. Moving up to Rochester. Yeah. Well, in that good news? Yeah, it's good timing too. By the time you get up there, I'll be up to your armpits and snow. That's right. So, uh, fair water this dump. Okay. Good choice. Nice timing too, by the way. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, while this line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Hi. Yes, sir. First of all, who is the greatest actor, according to your opinion? Greatest actor of all time? Yeah, in movies. That's what I gather. You were talking about some minutes ago. Yeah. Yeah. No, maybe Marlon Brando. Marlon Brando. Yeah, I agree with you wholeheartedly. I would like to drop a little, uh, whatever. Uh, you see, I think something, yeah. Yeah, I know. Uh, I think that this guy, uh, the needle is kind of old. And he takes whatever. For the more, we have a team like, uh, that Kubrick, uh, disaster, you know, a husband and wife. Yeah. No man. You can't prove it. I mean, he's pretty good. It's that's a flop. It is a flop. It is. So, I just wanted to hear. Actually, feel better though, that there was a big flop. I'm very happy about that. I'm very happy about that. I'm proud to start to happy, but I'm happy about it. I'm very happy that you feel the way that I feel. Thank you, sir. And God bless you. Bye-bye. I'll read the search. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, and you know, how you doing? Okay. Um, I just wanted to come to the club of points. I heard some of the best it got you before. And um, start talking about what happened. And then we're with the football fans. Mm-hmm. And he was saying that the fans were writing. And that was a trend. Well, this is full of it because what happened. There was the kids there wanted to rush to feel like they're doing a lot of college football and such are big winners, right? And the police just went overboard. They started throwing tear gifts at the public and stuff like that instead. And well, that was the only sort of the tease that I went to bed. I guess it was on some show they had on last night. And we're talking about the fact that the question was, was it the fans who were overreacted or was it the police? Oh, it's the police. I mean, I want to do you with them. When we tried to rush to feel there, the police knew how to take care of it. Right. They would just take the first couple of guys rushing the fields, slam them down, throw them down, make them up, make them an example out of them. And but this guy says, when the shirt guy, if they had no clue what if they were to throw that at the public, just don't rush to feel. You know? And then the second point. Robert and Neerl, if you ever see a midnight run? No. That's a good movie. He played the little different character in that. And not to say he's a great actor, but I think he's decent. You know? And I'm not saying he's a bad actor, but he, I think he's highly overrated. Do you watch time for driver? Yeah. That was, that was the greatest role he was ever in. Yeah. That was a great movie. Tonight, tonight, when you should see it, it's a... There's no. Oh, Charles Grdins in it. Oh. Oh. I know. Oh, oh. Oh, and here comes lunch. Oh, and here comes lunch. Let's just challenge this. Listen, and then he's growing like poison. Oh, he's a nice girl, man. All right, my man. Okay. We got 600 open lines. You're all of a sudden we were rolling along. Singin' a song there. Once we heard from Frater von Suster and Brown, whatever for our business. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Surprise the hell out of me. Okay. Let's see a little something here between now and two o'clock. Let's see a little something. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Good afternoon. I'm calling regarding the raking boom movie. I'm calling. And I kind of distributed a little bit with you. I think the movie was not great, but I think it was very interesting in a number of ways. What was interesting about it? It portrays Lamata as he was back in the 50s, where it was a different era of boxing. It was controlled by the mob. It was told by the audience. Different from one. What's different about that? Well, how many fixed fights have we had? Is Sunny, listen, still sitting in the corner there? How many fixed fights have we had? I'm just talking about the ones that we know about. But his whole career was based upon being told when to win, when to lose. So what made him different from anybody else? Did you think of a thing? No, because Sunny mentally he was a good boxer. It was not a question of a guy that had no talent being pushed by the mob to win when he had no merit. The guy had merit. The guy was never put down. Yeah. He should agree. But what makes him interesting? Don't you understand he was nothing. As you look back through history, whether it's sports history or any history, he was nothing. He was not an important figure to most of us. Wait, it's far as that. I would agree if you look at history, who was more important. The obviously would not rank in the top whatever number. Right. But I think so. So why is his life's story significant? The fact that he was a scumbag or the fact that he took a lot of falls. What does that mean? Who cares? I just thought that it showed a different area. It brought out into a lot of people the under minding of boxing. The under minding of one of the person was told when to win, when to lose. There was also he was also a guy that had the only way. Only the only showed him throw in one fight in that movie. There was only the one fight and then he went berserk after where to why. Did I do this? But I was a whole sign of that. They didn't show that going on all through his career. They showed one fight that he threw. I happened to know him very well. And I think the question was there were many fights that he was told what to do when to do it. And his told if you don't do this, you're not going to get a shot. Right. It's that's right. But that was part of the course. That wasn't unique to Jake Lamata. Well, I think at the level of where he was. It was more. It was not a common if you will. As in the under. I don't believe it. Well, okay. I just don't believe it. I think boxing is the most correct. The first of all, it's not a sport. It's one of the most corrupt things we've got in America today. And the people who are hooked on it, they just keep supporting it. No matter how obviously rigged it is, no matter how grotesque the people are who participate whether it's Tyson or anybody else. Then you know, he, a vendor, holy, holy, holy, field. Who's turned to religion now? Who's only five or 26 different kids by 26 different women. It's besides the one he's had with his wife. It's part of a mental illness. It's a part of the American psyche. It's like the Spaniards with their bullfighting. It's the same thing. It's part of a cultural illness that we can't do by vester's house. We can't get rid of it. Twenty till two or five, 60 WQM. How much is plateaus were to creep? 1-2-3-4-5-5-5-5-5-5-5-8-6-8-7-8-6-5-7-6-9-9-7-8-9-8-9-8-8-9-9-9-9-9-8-9-9-9-9-2-9-8-9-9-9-9. I'm hard to try Can't get her to date a guy that's to tell where it is She will touch up his name No Just to be I'm grieving It's too hard and believing Call the three and relax us on She dated God who's really hard for I can't believe she's a lesbian Yeah, that's me You must be something wrong to get I'm really don't know where I went going now I can't believe she's a lesbian I can't believe that's the end of the year I really don't know where I went wrong Maybe she hurts something I'm so hurt 146 at 560 WCM is only one thing I missed The 10 days that I was out of the country One thing that I missed not being here I missed it And I was it other than that 560 50560 So who is most important historical figure? Okay, we're going to make movies about people in history Who is more important? Judy Garland Dorothy Kilgallon Well, I had a choreo because of Boca's signature We always have to have Dorothy Kilgallon line From he's upset he's got a blow up down Or this marginal boxer Okay I just don't get it Jake Lamada What was the big deal with Jake Lamada That we had to make a movie about See if we made a movie about Judy Garland's life story Was there a movie by I don't think so Was there? No, there's a good one for somebody to make That would be depressing Because her story was depressing But at least she was a significant person in this era Okay Oh, it's not what you're going to play now What are you looking for? Judy Garland saw I don't want to hear a joke I get depressed She makes me nervous when I just think about I saw Judy Garland at the RKO theater in New York I was 14 years old and went there I think for the six I saw senior wences to the old But saw I saw it He was great he's dead by the way It was 99 but everything was just died And Judy Garland She was great She was tremendous performer But she was neurotic She was alcoholic She was a Here you go Somebody who's a little popular They gone by like Jake Lamada But somebody who was important Somebody significant that we wouldn't mind getting depressed about Oh, I'm going to run the rainbow Okay, get ready But getting depressed I'd rather hear Dorothy Kill Gallum sing Which is why they killed her by the way She was getting ready to sing I think Here's a lady in D'Rale, hello Hi, Nare Yes, man It's nice to have you back Well, thank you so much I call I call basically tell you a funny story about being my an airplane But I listen to all these people I feel that I feel that I feel something about this love affair that we have With violence in this country I don't think it's just a country though We're talking about the Spaniards and their love affair with the violence of Overfighting all that But it's all just a perfect This all of this all these different movies Project example of how height has completely tainted people Because they're talking about this Jake Lamada Like he was somebody who was nobody Right I mean if you want to talk about the fighters of the 50s What about Rocky Marciana Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Yeah, I mean they were fighters they were they were real men They didn't have to go beat up their lives And all they did, who knew And he was cared Right Yeah, no, but I could understand if somebody made a movie about their lives Because they were very important And most people knew who they were But the thing that bugs me about this movie Raging bull is that the pseudo intellectuals The movie critics who aren't even boxing fans Or most of them aren't even sports fans But they rave about this is other something Cos we're in black and white Well excuse me, but it's not exciting So all the more reason that was boring It's not exactly I mean the basic, ooh, it must be art Because it's a black of a war Yeah, oh god, that crowd man Those people need to be a lot of the space I just want to tell you the story about being on an airplane Yeah, I have some and I were coming home from Europe And there was this I usually sit by the wind This absolutely beautiful woman I mean she was so intensely beautiful That next to my husband And started coming on to him And I mean really coming on to him All right And I'm looking out the one I'm just ignoring the whole thing Yeah, you know what the hell I got him, you know He he he he he he he She can play around all she Hold on man, now where were you sitting again? I was sitting at the window seat And we were three across Oh, I see you're in coach Oh, yeah honey How much ever? I tell you I'll be the go to Europe That's that's it Sorry So I'm you rate He he's kind of like I try to avoid her And finally he says You know you always hog the window I never get to sit next to the window And I look at him and this is kind of strange for him, you know Oh, okay, all right, we can switch by So we switch by With in in coaches is a lot of problem Right, of course We do okay, and then I sit down next to this woman Right The ungodly smell Ah So this absolutely gorgeous woman Who could be a model in on any runway Exactly It was her time of the month Now I know if you've sat next to a woman when it's back The ticket of a time Who is not clean Uh-huh