4T Radio 560 WTAM My Ami4 Lunar Del Presents The Neal Rodgers Show Talk to Neal Call 567-0560 toll free for David Broward Or Pound 560 on your cell phone Japanese appeal his guest's pollers are Anyone else on the show do not necessarily Re-click those of WQAM Beesley-re-dequisitions or the Beesley-Drog Casquire Now Neal Rodgers on Sports Radio 560 Kua sound Fueled town Never vertebrate Female One Lead Rocks verder body Let's hear you, Iramiko. And if I have to touch the camera, I just say I didn't do it. That's it, Iramiko. And then I just drag city, I don't need a certain word. And pass around the club on to the fire nagel. I'm going to crack city, to the fucking nightclub. Yeah, I'm going to crack city, and we stab it on the floor, When I go to crack city, in a no-nightclub. I never look to crack city without packing my blood yet. Genock, 4p3. Ah... No, that every now and then I still have some crack to go by a dude. That's it, Iramiko, someone fuck all the intersection, working for free food. We're laughing, freezing by the purple house with no windows. And did not get enough of wishes. She must have been home. Home. Home. Home. Yeah. Be home to craft spirit. And I go to film our craft. I go into craft city. You can count on that. I'm going to craft city. And last my rounds. I'm going to craft city. Because I be bad at you. You're not for every time. So, of course, you're totally on the road. You're being a terrible gift to all. You're not for every time. And you're not for every time. And you're not for every time. Pedal 365 60 WCM, the home of embarrassment that just never, ever in. No. Just never stops. Oh my god, if we got a major, major development going on, which I'll get to in the second. Here, here are the most recent. There's always a new major development. The end of the week last week, we had as you know the OJ major development, which is going on for a solid week which would never end. Because there were some people in the building who just never ceased to embarrass us. So, let me just deal with that first before we get into the latest psychosis. So, anyway, Thursday morning in the Harald on a page 21G, which I gave it to a handker think. So, I don't have that picture anymore. But my memory is real good. So, here are these clowns, these embarrassing excuses for human being sitting at that table at the Astur restaurant in page 21G in the Harald on Thursday. And there was same our promotion man. And what a joke that is. And it was OJ in the middle and his latest white squeeze to his left. And then we're a foster on the end. There was a brawl. And there was one other person in that picture. And it was former baseball player Pedro Guerrero. Now, why does that mean anything? Didn't mean anything to me at the moment because I knew who the hell it was. But I saw the picture there. Didn't associate it with anything else. And then Saturday morning in the newspaper in the Harald low and behold, I see the same push, the exact same face. And the headline on a story says former baseball all star busted in cocaine deal. I mean like that. So, wasn't bad enough that we had an ax murder in the middle with two of our people sitting at the table. But now we got a drug dealer and now also in the crowd. WQM we never met a gangster we didn't like. How do you like that? All right. You show us a scumbag. We love him. Pedro Guerrero, who was one of baseball's highest paid stars, was charged with a cocaine conspiracy Friday. In federal court in Miami. Agents of the DEA picked him up in the Solmani derailleur, a rest in Miami day. And accused him of agreeing to put up the money for an FU to buy 15 kilograms of cocaine. All right. Pedro. Pedro Guerrero, who's 44th birthday was Wednesday. Happy birthday, too, by the way. Pedro did not pay the money directly to our car accident. They did not deliver any cocaine to him. Said Brent Eaton, the DEA spokesman, he was picked up at his home at such in session. And rest was arranging to get a hundred thousand dollar bond. But agents left him at the federal court house. After having been advised of his rights, Guerrero admitted to the agents. He knew he was involved in a cocaine transaction. And he was asked to go on and on and on and on. And where the investment stops nobody knows. So I just mentioned that in passing that here you had at this table. Two of our upstanding people here, Sand Du Spag. And then on the other side of the table was raw. In the middle you had O.J. it is newest white girl friend. And you had Pedro. I never made a drug deal. I wasn't in the two Guerrero. And I fought to myself, Jesus, Christ is this ever end. Does the embarrassment ever stop? No. Do we have any kind of brain here at all in this place? And of course, when you stop and you put, Now I'm not going to make any accusations. You know what I'm saying? After all these stories, We're always hearing about about O.J. and his little nose problem. But I guess it's kind of interesting. You're kind of convenient to have a guy who's doing drug deals. To be sitting right there at the table. For like a real easy convenient supply. You know what I'm saying? Maybe a little bit of a nose problem there, O.J. As far as anybody else is there, Table, and they'll have to speak for themselves. I think I want to talk to you about. So then we get to specs. Now we had, this is the saddest. I mean, this to me is one of the low points in my life. And I really mean that. I'm so embarrassed that humiliated today. I don't know whether the screen or just e40 pounds of elephant crap. Or just throw it at the Virgin Mary. So specs was our first center. I want to parents on Saturday. We had a sensational turnout. One of the best ever. One of the best ever. We were there from noon to two. And I'm going to tell you I didn't have two seconds to fart. I didn't have a moment to spare because the line never stopped. There were like young people, old people, beautiful people, ugly people, and between people. Even though were you fudge back? I showed up who turns out by the way to be real, a fine young man. But at any rate. And my close personal friend, Jacob was there. I used to see again. Jacob don't stay away too long. So we aren't. But I mean, we had a tremendous turnout. I don't have a figure. But I mean, we raised a lot of money just on Saturday alone for a center one. And the specs people, you know, something. When I left there, I said to myself, I'm going to do about a half hour. From Monday morning, praising these people. I mean, this was what am I high or what a pleasure. To do business with people like this. They had to display set up. I mean, right in the beginning, they all of people from the store. Without only were cooperative and enthusiastic. When I left, they had me a gigantic Luis Miguel of a thing. A full, whatever you would call that thing. Like a mural. But we take up a whole wall in my house, which I will eventually unfold it. And the mural, too. I mean, you people expect I love you. Okay. Now, the only problem is, and I'll have to do a new spot here, which time Jacob, by the way, when it's called, I'm yesterday, talks about the spots on 2 a.m. And how embarrassing. But you see, Tom, it's consistent. Everything with this radio station is embarrassing. I'm embarrassed to be here. I'm embarrassed to be associated with this place. Because how many times have I been talking over the last two years? This is a wannabe place. We got a GM who runs this, who wants to be a mother, who wants to be a mover and shaker, who wants to pretend he's a broadcaster. The only problem is he's not. That's the problem. I mean, anybody can come up and say, hey, we'll give you millions and millions and millions and millions and dollars. And we'll get the dolphins and the marlins and the panthers and we'll be in a big sports shop. And we can go to New Rogers and make them all kinds of promises and give them a lot of money. Anybody can do that. But doing all of the other things associated with it like being a radio station and a real business. That requires knowing something about the business. And of course, here, their middle name is, because anything you ask you try to discuss with them having to do with the radio broadcasting industry, the responses, kind of like that. So let me do the break. Take a deep breath because I don't know how to begin with this next part. I mean, this between the people that specs and between all of my people who came out on Saturday and all the other people that we don't even know who they are yet, who have been going to all the specs, I just don't know where to begin. Other than maybe do a duck right here running here. Okay? Maybe just cry for a couple of hours. And like I said, jica, remember that piece that he put in the paper there about filling all that stuff about 10 days ago. And like I said, our biggest problem is not on the outside. It's on the inside. Our biggest enemies are within and by the way, which sure nice seeing Todd Dreck there, it's specs on Saturday, not why do people do that? I mean, don't they understand that most of the people in this building no matter what people say about any of us, they'll come back and tell us because they don't really like some of those assholes? So Todd, you can go down around the second floor and badmouth me all day long, up and down the holes, Halls, I'm an asshole, I'm this in it, I've said it once or so on. Don't show up at our appearances. We hate you like poison. We can't stand you. Mr. Dreck? You're a crazy old beast. You've found a red dog. You've chugged a red wolf. Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around our red cock. Red cock's foamy head will lead you breathless. Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat. So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock. You can shake it and spray it all over. Remember, you can't beat our red cock. Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front. 14 past 10 at 5.60 WQA. So what do we hear? Carol from Center 1 just vaccinated the totals to show you what a great day that we had. We're also by the way, I gave you my friend Ron for the hockey game. You knew $1,500 check and fat boys got a check in here too. So $1,500. So we're almost at $20,000 already. How do you like that? That's just unbl-that's staggering. Staggering. And this by the way only includes a couple of spec stores. So that's the good news is we're off to a spectacular start. And unbelievable start. And I thank profusely the people at specs and also a ton of nice people. In fact, why was it leaving at 2 o'clock in fact, it took me too long after 2 because there were people still standing in line about 2.15 on Saturday. And I almost get to my car and a couple of comes racing over Neil. I stopped me. They had just driven over from Fort Myers and surveyed them some bad directions. So at least there were static that they could see me before they left, which I don't know why anybody wants to see me, but nevertheless, anywhere going inside the by some CDs and cassette and stuff. So that's the good news, like I said, there's the great news. There's the sensational news. We're off to the races. Are we doing it? No. No. You wanted to go through four hours of that today to drilling? Because I already feel like somebody's got to drill in my garden in your load. Listen to that. Just crank that thing up baby. Seven months later as the bees Lee Reed construction game goes on. And we just told George during the break, they could have built this entire building from scratch in less than seven months. They could have started from a empty lot and built the entire building in less than seven months. And the reason that this project goes on and that the drilling continues and continues and they, after day, we come up and get off that elevator on the third floor and look around and we see no progress. Nothing's changing and you don't want to know why nothing is changing because it's the bees Lee Reed F. and way. Because they're paying in peace me. And maybe they can pay him for a couple hours today and a couple hours next week. Let's hope not too often because the drilling is unbelievable. Seven months later. And they're still drilling and puking in the hawk in a way. It's unbelievable. Greg, you're a wannabe. You're make believe your air is that you're not the real thing. Believe me. Anybody wants the real thing. They're saying to place. Like Conway, Twitty would say, Oh my God, I'm dead. Is that what he would say? It's only make believe that's this place. So anyway, I'm trying to postpone talking about you. You do see that, don't you? I'm trying to put this off to find the most delicate terms to put this in. Well, let me give you a demonstration of our CDs, which, you know, are we allows we have some well intention people out there, but one thing about sales people are all assholes. Okay. It's just a matter of degree. There's some nice people in sales, but nevertheless, there's still assholes. It goes with the territory. It's contagious, I guess. We have a former one of our sales holes who hooked your job with a place that was going to do our CDs for a cheaper, like Tom Greene says, for cheaper and better and better and do a real professional job and not have all these typos on the back, which, you know, if it was only the typos, even though it's kind of embarrassing out a couple of the cuts out here, I could live with that. And of course, as far as the artwork is concerned, it's great. It's hysterical, it's well done. There I am with the Pope Sahat and the Shmothan and instead of the mitere in my hand, I got a big microphone. It's amusing, it's great. Well done. The artwork. Now, let me give you a demonstration of one of the cuts on our best of the LCD for 1999. I've pressed the button, by the way. I have pressed it. Believe me. Oh, there we go. The one noisy, maybe. The one noisy, maybe. The pause is wild. So to make a long story short, the noise and the hiss and the puking and popping, not to mention the five to six to seven eight seconds of dead air before each cut starts, is so loud and so annoying that I'm humiliated and roast out in the various, because one thing I've never put out, you should lock. Somebody's going to make the effort to come to one of our appearances or even just to get it over the internet, off our Neo Rogers.com. Well, however they're going to do it, the least data is there for their $20 donation to set a one is a quality product. And a year after year after year, including last year when George had to do all the legwork himself, because we don't really have a promotion department here at this radio station, basically what we have is an incestuous situation going on here. And that's why everything that we touch is an embarrassment from the golf tournament to this unaynate. Everything we do is more embarrassing than the last one. My favorite one on here, because they've had an all this compression, whoever these imbecils were that put the master together for this. This is my favorite. Ladies and gentlemen, I could offer only one tip for the future. Extra huge. And people will leave you alone. The rest of my, I can go through the whole bunch, but that would be too embarrassing, okay? See, I took it home on Saturday after the appearance in which I was on Cloud9. I was euphoric. I was in heaven. I mean, all the really great people that came by, you know, it just makes you feel like something worthwhile is going on. Not to mention all the money we raised for good cause. And then I put the CD in my CD player at home. And I played, I want to see how the backstead boys cuts out and start skipping and skipping. And I thought, well, oh my god, you know, can this really be going on? And so I took the CD cleaner, you know, those little lush mothas and cleaned it off. And sure enough, it did play. I wasn't really paying too much attention to anything else. Other than will it please play without skipping and it did. So I thought, okay. Thank God. Then come to work this morning. I'm in the car and I thought, well, I better listen all of these. And I just wanted to pull off the side of the road and do a duff. And just put my head in my hands and cry for hours. So I want to apologize to everybody who bought one of our, and of course, I, I'm a fool. I don't know about the cassettes. I have no way of knowing since I don't have one. See, I don't get anything. I had enough stuff to go over to our display. There is specs on Saturday and get me one of these CDs because otherwise I get nothing. I have nothing. It's only our stuff. Do I have a cassette? No. So I have no idea. Although I have a deadly feeling that since it all came from the same master, it probably sounds the same as the CD. Although at least one thing, there won't be four or five seconds of space in between because the cassette, they just keep, they just keep on coming. That's the only thing that I might be able to say good. So I want to, I'm, I don't know, an apology. Somebody owes an apology. Okay. This radio station owes an apology. I'm tired of apologizing for things that I had no control over. I'm sorry. No, no, it's that you don't owe the apology because again, if we had a real promotion department involved, this isn't the one pony kind of a project. This is a big project to raise $152,000. Which quite frankly, this station doesn't raise 50 cents to the rest of the year for what I see. But all of a sudden they want part of the credit for it. Oh, they're big shots in there. This and they're that. And the meantime, what do we get? Four crams. That I am so in, I mean, every single one of the best of the old since we've been putting out CDs, which goes back about almost ten years now. I think 90 was the first one we had. 90 or 91, 80 done. Okay, I said, like I said, ten years. And they all sound fine. The first one was a little primitive that one with the white label, and that's not it. But it didn't sound bad. It didn't have all that hiss and hum and compression on it. And sound real crappy. And this year, we even went to the extra life store and said, Well, you know, a lot of people have said it's in monower beer. Well, can we make it in stereo? So we went to the extra length of making sure that all the cuts were provided in stereo. I went to the original CD. But guess what? Ask me if these are in stereo. Are these stereo? No, no. No. I think maybe the hiss and the hum is in stereo. I think you get hiss out of the left speaker and a hum job and the right speaker is what you get. Kind of like, like that. Kind of like our signal. Kind of maybe maybe in fact maybe some of the people say, Oh, yeah, that's how it sounds on here. It sounds like you. I am. Although they still won't be able to understand the five and six and seven, eight seconds of that air in between each cut. And when you stop and think that people and believe me, there were a lot of people there. There were a lot of people. So now that we've gotten off to this great start, the only problem is we shoot ourselves in the feed again. Again, we got more, how about the holes in our feet that a piece of Swiss cheese? We just can't stop doing it. Shooting and shooting and shooting and shooting and eating and eating and North never stopped this much. And of course, you know, this morning I'm freaking, I've just freaked out when I come in here. Psychotic and we're trying to figure out how do you rectify a situation like that. What do you do to make it right? Because and I could have not said anything on the year, but that would be, I mean, that would be gross test. I can't do that. I'm not interested in pissing off thousands of people out there and putting out a Schlok product and taking their money for it. I mean, it's radio station with the nothing to that. This is the same radio station that takes money from advertisers who are buying money or Roger show and stuck it in Marlon Genes all this last season. And told me, no, with a bait and switch, one of the worst, one of the most unethical I've ever seen in my life and told the advertisers that they complained about it. Oh, well, you're not buying the new Roger show, you're buying a day part. So it was an afternoon, Marlon Genes took place from the between 10 and 2, like at 130 in a afternoon, while you're just buying that time of day. So he don't like being in the Marlon game, it's too bad. See, this is why they don't understand things like credibility and ethics and reputation because they don't have any. How can you be concerned about that? Just like the OJ business, the only concern our management had about that in the early part of the last week until it finally blew all beyond their control was how come I'm on your talk at about it and manage and hang around your talk at about it. Why don't we just stop making so much trouble. So I could do the same thing with a CD, is I could come on in not saying anything and keep promoting this thing and people running out there to specs and buying them off our internet tech. So now basically what we've done is brought the thing with screeching halt. And I don't have any easy answer for it. I don't know how to rectify it. I sure is all the one with crap. And that's what you came and got on Saturday. All the living of you that showed up there on Saturday, we gave you crap. And I apologize for that, but like I said, I have no control over that. You know, all these things are out of my hands. I picked this stuff that we're going to put on there and then from there goes through a process and all of a sudden these things magically show up. Just like we're there on Saturday. We do we have the key change. Oh, those sounds on that we've been talking about for months. No, no, not ready till Wednesday until. Is there any excuse any reason why they shouldn't be ready till Wednesday? No, no, not really. I mean, that's something how long has that been in the works we've been talking about that for months. Months and months and months and months and months. It's like the easily construction project on this building. So, of course, to show you even when you try to do something good, you still can't do it. You still want to look like a jackass with the sound for it. You still want to look like an idiot. So as a result of that, I'm beginning to understand why we have a whole bunch of people in this place. Just come in, go home, give me the check and just do as little as possible because every time you try to do something, I still try to do something good. They make it look like a fool anyway. Like that great ad campaign we had on TV last year. $140,000. They might as well have a bonfire. They might have fed some starving kids or bought some textbooks for kids that have no textbooks to take home at night with that 140 grand. With all the thick pasty, I still have pores in my face that still have some of that pancake makeup in it. 1026 at 560 WQM, you're unbelievably embarrassing station for the 90s. Hey, Niel, fuck you. You did it all the time. No, another night I keep a telling food in the can. Yo, yo, yo, man, take it out. And if you're here with me, homeboy ID, what I can, man, pass out your studios and get down with them, homeboy ID, skinny hoes. You know what I'm saying? That you gotta can open her hair. Yo, man, and homeboy ID got all kinds of stuff. And it's all made homey style. Boy, it's homeboy, ID, and it's no little service, neither. You could feed the whole crew to all new gangsters can. With G, that's large, come on, man. Get what the plan. And get the food in the can. Sex tastes like the food in the can. Homeboy ID, job by the pick some off. Yeah. 132 at 560 WQM. Here's a call from Orlando. Hello. Hey, Niel. Yes, sir. I have a talk here in a while, but couldn't resist calling when you're talking about the bad CD. Yeah. This is sort of, for example, what you were talking about. I haven't got the new one yet. Last year I bought part 1 and 2. Right. And that was the first one. 2 AM did correct. Right. Guess what? It's skip. And I drove down to Miami. The borders last year and tried to get one. And they were all out. So out of all the CDs, I have a from 93 on. Yeah. Yeah, but that must have just been one defective disk because the rest of them were all fine. Oh, boy. So in other words, it was just your crappy luck. Yeah, that's my luck. No, no, the quality of the this has always been really good. I mean, that's one thing. If you listen to best of whether it's a Bob and Tom or our stuff or Dick Pertner or anybody to put up best of materiality and a review or for charity, they always sound great. There's never been any problem before. Well, you think they're going to redo the disk. Well, I guess, you know, Georgia's talking to the people this morning, obviously. And then he just had a call, but the problem is that, you know, now we got to go back and start from scratch. Who knows how long it's going to take these bozos to re cut this stuff? And I don't even know that I have confidence that these people know what they're doing. Well, I'll look and. Yeah, I just think the prices are waiting. I'll let you know when the coast is clear. Yeah, I'll drive down mining and give me another one and keep the ball rolling. Okay. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Here's a guy from Orlando. It's going to come all the way down. But like I said, don't do it yet, pal. Don't do it yet. Just another roadblock. Just another impediment thrown in your face. Just one after another after another. Just hop over this. Come on. Hop over. You can do it. Hop over this. Hop on it. For example, and I mentioned this before Tom Jika. And yesterday's son sent a TV and radio book. Here's a letter. One of the letters that I think Tom makes these up. You know what I'm saying? I still, you know, he denies it. But I'm positive that Tom makes these things up. So we can, uh, he has an excuse to write his own commentary in there. He's by the. Yeah, but he's got a good point here. Question. Listen to WQA and AM 560 radio. They run commercials for unbelievable minutes per hour. One day recently, I left work turned on WQA. I'm making it all the way home without hearing any sports from Hank Goldberg. If WQA and shows her that popular, they should raise the rates. Not so enough ads to fill the show. It's not the home shopping network. I can always listen to music if they keep this up. Write DJ in plantation. Tom Jika's answer. I don't know what line you're in. But you have more comments about running a radio station. The most of the broadcast executives in town. Uh, especially here. Don't blame the talent. Goldberg constantly complains about the heavy commercial load. And Joe Rose got to spend it from the morning show where the ad load is insane for Be rating the program director over this issue. Neil Rogers has a closet is contract. That the station can only have four breaks per hour in a show. And uncontoxied four minutes. Unfortunately, not everyone has his cloud. You have the right idea about hitting the button. Problem is these days when you switch channels, you're live on between any other station owned by the same people. This is why they can be so brazen. Is that why we're so brazen? Because we own all the stations. No, that's queer channel. Those all the stations. We only got power 96 and kiss my, my thing, you know. Back to you. That's all we got. And I don't think anybody that's listening to us is going to be punching over to either one of those stations. Anyone else? Yeah. No, it's not a question of just being brazen. It's a question of being a desperate. I think that's the word you're looking for because when you got to keep paying Wayne and John Henry, Wayne and John Henry, John Henry and Wayne. So when you satisfy all the sports there's out there with his stupid ball games. There aren't enough minutes in the day to stick this spot in. So nice to go in there Tom. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Maybe we got some people out there that have already listened to their CDs. Maybe if I were to just keep my mouth shut, they would have said, oh, these are pretty damn good. You think anybody said that? No, no. They would have said, what a bunch of slackmisters. Those people at QAM are that meal is a piece of crap. Is what they would have said. And so now we're working, frankly, to try to figure out how we are start all over again and be how we're going to go through the process of exchanging stuff for people already bought crap. Here's a letter to the editor in thenocent, sentinel from Linda Mills in Pembroke Pines who says, shooting was an issue of criminality now race. About the brilliant Sherry Winston tastes good like a jack. I should call him that we read on the year last week. She says, I was a great fan of Deborah work. I had hoped that Sherry Winston could replace her with the same style in grace. Ms. Work wrote about people. Colour was not an issue other than to talk about difficulties and solutions. How did Ms. Winston subpebbered out at 29th Colour about the police shooting of a car jacking suspect come across? That she cannot put the black behind her and move into the world of facts. How did this become a race issue? With the blacks who had such a strong reaction had the young man been white or Hispanic? Or what if the police had been killed instead? Would there have been a demonstration of this funeral to promote increased the peace? Fittingly on page 6b September 29th, a digest article reported that a 14 year old reach for a loaded gun in his way span. Maybe Ms. Winston should write along with the police for a while before she so quick to judge. They put their lives online daily for all of us or what he's sarcasm is misplaced. If she can't raise herself above such a racist attitude, how can she expect a reader to get beyond it? A young man was killed. That's a tragedy. But don't wallow in the, uh, in the, uh, something that he was killed because he was black. He was killed because he was a criminally made choices and those choices cost him his life. I know that Ms. Winston is not a dozen monobie Ms. Work. However, she is a person to be admired and I think Mrs. Winston could use a role model right now. Be a good commentator, not an issue promoter. She writes very well. She should put it to the best use she can. writes Linda Mills and Pebra Pied. Nice going, Irland. Oh, all these professional, uh, ethnics that we got out there every time a cup does his job. He's a bad cup. And of course, I did see the peace on 60 minutes last night about cops covering up for each other in the unwritten code. But you know something, that's not the only profession that's in. The same as two with lawyers. The same as two with doctors. Most professions. Were they cover up for each other and it's an unwritten thing. You just don't open up a mouth. And to try to use that or use any other crooked cups to try to justify all the hysteria about this scumbag that got shot and killed, who was reaching into his waste band, not find it. Even somebody who's a skeptical about cops' eye, not find it. They've just tasted your snabber. They've just tasted your snabber. They've just tasted your snabber. They've just tasted your snabber. They've just tasted your snabber. They've just tasted your snabber. They've just tasted your snabber. They've just tasted your snabber. They've just tasted your snabber. They've just tasted your snabber. They've just tasted your snabber. They've just tasted your snabber. That should not be too big now. How did I get you? How did I get you? About 44 or 56 degrees of C.O.A.M. Here's a call from Fort Worth, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir? You see that hit on Madonna? Yes. What did you think about that? What I think about, I think that this maybe actually be hospitable for the rest of the year? I come there who never do anything like this. Somebody's going to need a kill boy. That's right. That's going to be next to them. They have no respect for each other. They hit on New and That was unacceptable. And Juan Sador. It's like they put half the team off the first night. You know they're playing Friday. Right. They're playing each other again. Friday is going to be a blood band. I think so. I think somebody's going to have to do some stop this. You know, I'll start the last 100 member was hit on the Cardi. I'll be the mayor in the playoffs. And he just goes on and on. He's right for you. You're asking me Chris Draper not just eat that on the board. And somebody's going to have to do some about this. And I don't know. I just curious what you thought. Just totally unacceptable. Bar bearer can grow test and like I said, he's got to take somebody getting killed before League decides they're going to do anything about it. Well, I hate to have to see it. But you know, I don't know. We're going to get the game on Friday. I don't know. You're going to watch it. Yeah. I'll be watching. All right. Why just want to call and say, hey, good luck with your Maple Leafs. Okay. Good start. All right. Thanks. Yeah. At least one again. Of course the Panther game on the Saturday. I'm sure we're going to get a lot to call about that. Well, wasn't too bad. We only had 25 or 600 empty seats. By the way, let me just give credit where credit is due. First of all, the people are in the arena. They, you know, screwing around. They got the goal. I'd go and they got the new goal. I see him. Nice big red and green lights there. Nice going. Guys. And secondly, they got the sound on the PA system just right. I mean, we couldn't understand what some of the guys were mumbling. We're saying, but nevertheless, it's not important that you're in the state with their saying, they got the sound right. They had it at a reasonable decibel without deafening everybody to guide them or reen on the other night, Saturday. And thirdly, the team didn't play as bad as some of us thought. I wasn't a very good game and a caps looked really bad. But the Panthers didn't look all that bad. Brewery just his worth of price of admission. Even though he's still only about 60 or 70% up to speed, but nevertheless, he's worth the price of admission and Ray Whitney. I was going right. I should have started the show today with Ray Whitney has appeared. But my mind was otherwise distracted for obvious reasons. So I might not be as bad as everybody thinks of when he pavela healthy. And by the way, I hate to break the news to the fans out there. And yes, Paul Stewart called a really bad game and Brewery got tripped three times and then calling any penalties. But every time Brewery would get hit, every time he gets, oh, my god, the people are screaming. It's a context for boys and girls. It's not touch hockey. They have something called touch football. They don't have anything called touch hockey. You don't have to play touch hockey is Graham James. And he's just touching the players. They just don't get it. Although I was interesting when he announced the lineups, the entire roster is it to be for the game. Interesting to see you got round the boot. Chris Wells got booted round the crowd rightfully so and Robby need to fire and Terry Murray got one of the biggest booze of the night. They were producing the coaching step and players before the game. Not personal guys, maybe in some cases it is, but it's just business. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, wireless lines going to be a long brutal Monday. I can tell you that I can smell it already. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Yes sir. I know I am. Okay. Did you see that article has scumb said a little the weekend with John Henry given the million dollars for stress. That was last week that was Friday. I'm sorry. That's okay. Don't be sorry. If he's got a million bucks to get the money. He's here ready in his name for some wing that's going to be named after him. And he wants us to give him money and he has to receive no. Still. By the way, nice way to close off the season yesterday, Marlon with an 18 to a while for the braise. Nice way to end the season and leave a really good taste and everybody's mouth. Hey, look, I'm sorry, but I don't feel bad for anybody who can donate a million dollars to anybody. I don't if it's a good cause. What I don't even know the cause, but you build your own damn park. I just want to tell you when that thing gets on the baller if they do get it on the ballot next to November year from the, from you now. That thing is got, if you think the penny sales tax got beaten badly, This thing is going to be like 80 to 20% at the least. There is nobody with a brain that's going to allow public monies of any kind any tax monies to subsidize this son of a bitch. We're going to defeat that just like they got their FK yesterday. Okay, bye. See you 18 to I'm in ratio sounds good to me 560 5050 5060 on the 18 T wireless line here's having sure hello Oh, no yes sir Neil Queenie you're so bad you're stuck. Here's Miami. Hello Neil. Yes, there are not people who just work for him. I'm glad you caught those booze in the beginning There especially for wells. I loved right and you tomorrow and need a mark. I need a mark Let's like I called the other day and I didn't notice that I was at a preseason games But about that those new bleacher guys that run around and shoot the t-shirts up. Yeah Have you noticed them there? Any attention? I'm believely annoying. There were stand-up behind us You know that cozy the whole time. Yeah, and banging on the glass that's it's terrible didn't see that horrible Neil would have certainly added to my enjoyment of the evening gotta do something about those guys Just terrible on that 18 nothing yet today beautiful give me a no Okay, thank you. Oh, I can't say it here's Miami. Hello Hi, you're sir. How's it going? Okay? It's funny you touched on something I was just about to call about neither my or I've got almost as many booze as tears when it came on the ice I was so that Remember actually acknowledged it later on the game Neeter Maya was in the face upwork whatever and he said well, you know The crowded sort of turned around for need of my now he had sort of a loop warm if not cold reception I'll just surprise if he even acknowledged that yeah Well, he's known as it because he you know, he turned on the need of Maya so the fact that he isn't like him now He'll look now. He's just like he ended the beaver. You know, yeah It's too bad that you know, he gets personal but We'll do it happen. Well, what do you need it so bad it gets personal when a guy's making that kind of money and it's thinking to join out I mean, what do you expect to crowd to do they don't like him? Oh, no, not a plane the crowd I'm just saying as far as rumours. No, no, I agree with the crowd I mean, this is a guy who well forget about rumour. I don't want to tell you what rumour didn't my studio here last night I came in and all the stuff that I had all the material that I have spread out here for my sweet We let him use the studio for a Sunday in a hockey show and he takes it all and sticks it in a big pile And I come in here this morning already psychotic with his center one disc thing and I got piles sitting over here I think he spends too much time with pod then Okay next thing of he's been for a lot of words on the air. Okay, I have a great day pal. Okay Nice going, remember never again. Okay. That clears out the board 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the ATT wireless line See like I said before we had the opening hockey game on Saturday and the calls were getting there about You know rumour said this about need a mile and this one said that not about out the actual game was or how anybody played or anything about You know anything having to do with a game because like I said oh and wait didn't hear this Wait didn't hear this the young lady that I get in and I'm not knocking her because two things number Once she had the she was nice enough to come by before the game and thank me for the tickets and she did show up in number 2 she was honest enough to admit to me that when I was trying to give the tickets away and once you call after call after call Giving the names of some of the most famous players in the game trying to get somebody to identify anybody to win the tickets She had the hockey news open to the to the rostos of all the teams and she said no matter who you would have said I would have won now now she didn't have to be honest enough, but at least she's honest enough to admit that she didn't know what that was all about E Oh, nice going sweetheart. Thank you very much. No, seriously I appreciate her coming by and saying thank you and I appreciate the fact that she had enough of honesty to say I would know all like Vashes number If you stuck it in your rectum never to less it was right there in a hockey news. Yeah So next time we do that. I'll make sure we give you an ample warning ahead of time and give you a year And we'll send you all or a bunch of rostos from all the teams to and give you like a minute and a half to fumble around and find the number of names 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Look at them. I'm gonna go reach for the enough interview tour Beautiful I Think I'm gonna play music today and I think it would be appropriate Don't you and light of the yeah. Yeah, I'm just gonna play music Because you know where they all are this morning. You know sampling Getting all excited I sampled for ten seconds by the Pick up right where we left off Eight minutes before 11 at five 60 WQM. Hey Goldberg will be out of P.P Park So actually a tour clock we begin our 800 hours of dolphin pregame coverage adult fins in a bill tonight I can't go be doing a show from the stadium into a clock I'm certain not eating any of the food out there five this nine o'clock four games of tailgating and countdown and pregame four play and then the dolphins in a bill's finally nine o'clock till whenever the night you're on QA As the hits just keep on coming Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach, yellow hi Neil. Yes, sir First of all I was I Was just jumping for joy when I saw that picture of O.J. and Sam and all of them in the paper and then Red the news is Saturday there about take a euro April Guerrero on the same page and nobody's gonna answer about that either by the way I mean this this to me I just I don't know I just want to put my arms up and he's okay. It's a stick up and I'm the victim and what whatever you want I'll give it to you know That's what basically has been done to my center one thing this year And that that was it was just it was such a confirmation of everything and what total scumbag all these people are here You know, they're all sitting there smiling in that picture and grinning away and everything else like that No, no, I'll get the money noises and I just think that that's reprehensible. Yeah, I went to my first hockey game at the at the Rental Center Saturday night. Yes, sir, and I have to say that it place has absolutely no atmosphere whatsoever I mean Whatever I picked my amier arena was I just I I don't know I just didn't have any kind of feel for the place You know it's pretty and everything else like that and we had lovely lovely seats and Enjoy the game the buildings are like the air can't of the sun is the same way a sterile It's just I mean you got a new building like that. They're never gonna have it's like when it would be placed Spendaway parking Boston next year. It's never gonna have the same feeling that the old ballpark is and the same with the remis I guess it's just it just seems to be a bit of a shame You know I was discussing with the guy and we went to the game together and they don't practice it That little crummy arena anymore in the in pop and all now they played it they practice it incredible life another Darrell You know, wait a minute you're not one of these guys that goes to practice are you? No, no, no, no, no, but but I just because I I'm worry about people to go to practice we get the guys with a butterfly and it's the chase people around No, I Was it make where they practice I Don't I just like those all the small town feel of it that when the team was with Doug and and just everything about it What do you mean when the team was with Doug? What does that have to do with where they practice what did Doug McLean have to do with that? Well, I just I just I went and watched Oh One was on the plane Look Emily, let me finish right now Doug McLean is a hard ass. Okay, sir. You're another one and those nothing Doug McLean didn't like the little guys That's why there's no stew bar. That's why there's no Marty Strocko, okay? Doug McLean all these people who had Doug back Doug can stay up there in Columbus. He's a nice guy He's a friend of mine. He never stole a freight train, but he's a hard ass Oh, yeah, we had such a small town feel back when Doug was it they got hot for two or three months in right away This guy was a genius. He was a maven. He was an expert Let me say it again. He was a hard ass Who when he made up his mind that he didn't like it you weren't gonna play no matter what to do this and if he did finally We're letting him put you out there you damn let me tell what is a weather show whatever that is score two or three goals The first game. We're gonna have your ass back on a bench again right Marty is that right all right? Wine and wine. I thought I was supposed to be the wine we're in complainer Let me say it again Saturday there was nothing wrong with that joy. I think I got the goal lights in there now The sound of nothing. They finally got it straightened out. Thank God And it was it wasn't a great game, but it was an enjoyable experience or was any problem there the other night? Of course it doesn't have any atmosphere to brand new building Skin Rose got an atmosphere to pal oh Oh Red next contact just nine and then doesn't understand because all Red next Brand business Now, I might only uncle and the worries me My head has turned to a new wizard Back to her double wife What a deal And got no wheel And inside the legs of the die She can't not cheat Can't win her eyes We're all alone in the house But I got it When she gave me a kiss And she went back to her mouth All of red next her loving chest As extra day and good unless it's family Because all of red next practice is in love So go mean my new wife She's my niece I just got me a farm with horses She can't cows and pigs A poor boy for that I adore With tires and a king damn big The rear window it has a gun rat And where I keep my gun To where I will drag him away My neck is red for you Looks like all of us red next her loving chest As extra day and good unless it's family Because all of us red next practice in love A sister is the one over there The dirty knee Every human is hard to chew Who's got the nicest chew And I don't like the way my daddy is watching me Hello 360, WB2AM I'm just thinking about how to approach that thing About this, first it was the golf tournament Every year for how many years now First it was Camilla, South, and then 101 We do the thing for three months We make the discs in the CDs We do a bunch of appearances And we get somebody used to be borders in this year It's a specs that we're doing a great job And you know, a sponsor that cooperates with us And helps us to distribute these But this radio station See that's not good enough The radio is the department has to get their testicles and tentacles And everything that's possible They got to get their hooks into it And so that's where the golf tournament came And now we got another thing Which I know nothing about again Another disaster in the making Some auction they want to do That stuff was telling me about impassing Like ships in the night Some silly auction that they wanted to Again, it's going to be for centre one Do we want anything to do with that? No See if our promotions department If our programming department If the sales department If they would all put their efforts in helping us do this One thing and do it right and do it well We wouldn't have the problem that we're having Now with these bogus discs I like that And we wouldn't have to go through all the embarrassment And we could do a nice professional job for three months And raise whatever it is that we raise And be proud of it and help it out with all the embarrassment That's always a ten and two When you hear a QAM Why is it that everything we do has to be embarrassing Is there a law written here? Is there something out there on the guide The indoor that I missed the first day I came in here? That it's part of the Beesley weed F and way That there has to be embarrassment involved Just like Todd Drex showed up there with his family On centre day at the appearance And smiling and glad-handed and looking around I don't understand that Here is a man who hates me like poison And the feeling is mutual Does he sell this show? No Everybody remembers the famous colleague in the routine And I mentioned a specific sponsor Because it was notorious And I was going to have to laugh with it It was a disaster, a nightmare Every minute of every day that this man isn't doing Whatever it is that he does to pass For making a living He's running around in a hallway Up here down on the second floor I like like on Friday The only reason he was talking about that OJ He's got nothing else to talk about Forget the fact that it was your Rose Kim And he recorded a 9 on Friday morning And handed me the hero from that morning With the OJ picture in there Which is rubbing more salt in our wounds And then I'm just reading profusely Forget about that The fact that everybody in the building Was psychotic about that No, I was only talking about that Because I have no show in a gun up in the talk about That's right Any time is that right? You jackass See, one thing I can't stand is ponies I cannot stand people who give you the Glad-handed and a big smile When you know they can't stand you And the feeling is mutual What's the point? I mean, if my life is that vacuumist That I have to take a Saturday And go out to some station And parents just to go out there And pretend to be a schmoozer And I'd probably put a front of my head Instead of wasting all the space and oxygen So stay in a hallway, Todd We don't want to see you We don't want to smear you We don't want to know from you Here's Pompano Hello Hey, Neil Yes sir Someone can hear me He's in a way too much common sense there Yeah And with the atmosphere of the building I mean, obviously it comes over time Like you just said about course Like that's you think people are there How do you build a building and you create atmosphere in the beginning I mean, there are some exceptions like Hand in yards I guess But that was a building that was built for that purpose To be a small city and to be a throwback to the old baseball stadium Well sure, but like the old Napoli starting I mean, when there is children And that's how you grew up in that atmosphere And that's how it happened Right Actually what's neat is this summer my godfather is Dr. Niholafame Longwood Greski Who's that? Scotty Morrison Oh really? Yeah, great He's working my dad in Vancouver How you like that, eh? And so hey, so we're going to go to the Hall of Fame presentation And by the way, it's sure Please, it's me to see the Rangers only get a tie out of two games over the weekend They score two goals in two games And now they sign Alexander Digg who's a movie actor Not a hockey player I hope they want to spend a hundred million dollars And they still won't make the playoffs I think they're going to make the playoffs But you know, down around the seventh or eighth position Good I mean, I really think that's where they're going to end up Hey, I'm a second tired of New York sports teams With other big money trying to buy every championship It makes me want to barf But that's kind of life nowadays Yeah And it with the way things are on sports Anyways, kind of want to pass it along and Okay Have a good day And back to you Yeah, that guy that called before, you know, you're so typical Oh, it didn't have it a yet mysterious my first time at a building I don't know what the problem with it, what was the problems? The problems we had last year Was you couldn't see the goal ice when a goal was scored And you had the goddamn sound system could blast you out of there And that was basically the biggest problems in that joint They corrected that, thank you guys The New York is Memorial goal ice there And it was an enjoyable evening And we won the goddamn game But this freaking town Where All we know how to do is complain And by the way, Greg Kotak says a comment It almost makes sense of work for the stupid headline And I realized the guys don't write the headlines for their own stories Buray displays Marine or like potential Some jackass put that headline in the hairless morning On Greg Kotak says, it's a great comment about poplbore But again, again, this Wednesday night is going to be the second home game The LA Kings weren't exactly a great draw So there's another excuse for people not to come by But I'll say it again, poplbore is the greatest athlete Whoever played any sport in this town Including Dan Marine, I don't care who it is Here's the most exciting, the most dominating, the most dominating The most tremendous athlete who ever played any sport in this town And everybody we talked to after the late night game on Saturday Agreed with a one point and that is he's worth the price of admission alone Just watching him So if we have a crappy crowd there on Wednesday I have no answers for you, okay If that's the case, it's going to be a long desperate year when or lose And there we go with the drilling again, nice going Pick the good day for it too, baby You'll pick the real good day to be starting drilling under my guide Dan Pregnant loud is can be This guy's going to come through the floor here any second, can you hear it? Let's send him out I think it's right on the other side of my wall here Thank you Ten pastula, I mean, I mean, you know, I can, we've always had a little bit of that going on around us But I mean, when it's right under your guide Dan Ashen Sounds like the guy's going to come flying through the floor The ceiling of the wall any second It's a little bit too goddamn loud You get it Do it like after hours, do it when Hank is on remote out there Doing a show out of the building, okay? We got eight million hours of programming coming from outside the building But they got to do it now because maybe they actually paid in the work couple hours today Do you think they did? No, no Okay, I'm 15 to 5.62. Here's a call from the Hilversum in the Netherlands That's right Yes sir How you doing Neil? Great I know you man, I missed out for the man How could you say that when you're in the Netherlands? It must be a real crappy part of town Hey, is this cool man? It's like, I think we got up to like 60 degrees today We're really, we're just Hilversum It just just out of Amsterdam Oh, not bad, how about how far? About a half hour on the train Not too bad Yeah, not too bad So how long are you on there? I didn't hear we're almost two years Right Yeah, but I used to live down in the Denver Pines And you must have them And you're a half hour from Amsterdam, you're living in you must have pens So the little one I just, I just, I just my beloved dolphins man Yeah But we finally started to get like NFL on TV over here this year Right So we're like almost, it's almost human like the be here So Neil In other words, you're, you, that's the only thing that you miss is the National Football League I miss the weather And I miss, you know, and I, and I miss the football What is it that you're doing? Are you work there? Yeah, I work here Doing what? Uh, medical electronics Uh, yeah, it's a, it's a fun job I get to go travel over your own stuff Like that Yeah, okay Okay, and the other, I think we cut it off Maybe we were paying for it Okay, nice hearing from our friend in Hilversum South of Amsterdam, excellent, good start I knew here I'm complain about the drugs in the filth And all of the other stuff, not even wanted you here Oh, no, like that other jerk that called a few weeks ago Screw you, Neil, that guy? No This guy's not a pretty happy, he's just trying to rationalize Make a steel boat or he misses the dolphins And this is Pembroke Pines, you believe him? No, no, I don't 560560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile in candle, hello How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir I hate to compound this OJ problem Sorry, I'm going to, uh, my alarm went off at 8am on Sunday morning And you know what kind of programming your station has That religious stuff Yeah Well, today's sermon was from the United Methodist Church Today of Carl Gett Is that a sermon on the worst team? No, on Sunday Oh, yes, do the end On Sunday morning And today's topic was forgiveness And guess who was injected into the sermon at this church? OJ The guy said even OJ would be forgiven at their church Well, you might want to find out who when your station is going to the United Methodist Church of Carl Gettles Maybe we can hook him up Exactly, this guy went on to say that no matter what he did that in the eyes of the Lord And in the eyes of the church, he would be forgiven Isn't that great? A religious wacko Well, that's the whole concept of these religious notes Is that it doesn't make any difference if you're a good person There's no incentive to be a good person In fact, that whole Christian bullcraft about all good works along Will kitchen of kingdom I haven't You have to believe our bullcraft If you say you believe our bullcraft No matter what you do, will forgive you And you'll light up and have a witty angels in the whatever else And it's ridiculous It's insanity There's no incentive to be a decent person with religion Scarbage He also mentioned this station by name He said QAM carries our broadcast and it's a sports station Yeah I got a feeling that some inside stuff going on here Sounds like a conspiracy to me Sounds like more OJ crap We just can't get rid of the OJ dropings, you know Okay, thanks for the bad news All right, sir Just today I knew that too It's like Jesse Ventura, you know I mean I applaud him for the things that he said The playboy interview and all that good stuff But the fact is that someone a relateder They have to bring all these people back to reality I don't know if anybody saw me depressed yesterday With a jackass that fat face the red face, push the Tim Russers I think he had Jesse Ventura on her and interviewed the Kate Dunford And of course, you know sooner or later all these pious people These pandering liars in the media They got to bring them back to earth, you know Oh, you don't really mean this and don't you believe in God And I will say this, you know he's still not pretty well For the thing about rip and organizer religion But then when Tim Russers put him out of spot about well Let me ask you Jesse, don't you believe in God Oh, yeah, I do believe in God But that wasn't good enough But you believe that Jesus is the son of God And there was a long pause and he kind of handed hard And I believe that That was anybody believed that he believed that he believed that Of course not I believe he met exactly what he said about that That it's a sham and a bunch of garbage for weak minded people Because that's what it is But in America you can't say that I mean I can say it here on ear because who the hell am I? I'm a nobody okay working for a maple e radio station But there's a guy who's like a government assoda who some people think oughta be the president Who's got balls is like an elephant and they have to like back and down don't you understand? They got a back and down like nobody in any responsible position could really say that I mean at least let's let's hear you say you believe in God and Jesus too And he like ah, yeah, okay, I believe it I mean I was a little bit disappointed in that But I understand I realize the limitations and what this guy is up against It's the American effin way you just can't come on there and tell it like it is And all of these crazy right wingers all these lures Oh yeah, it doesn't make any of it watch it look at Jimmy Swagger They brought him back so we could rip off some more people Jim Baker and Tammy Fay They let him out so we could rip off some more people and start a new deal And that's what it's all about it's just scam like he says for a week-minded people And he told us the way about some friend or relative of a his who is having a baby bat-ties And tell all the money you had to pay for it. He said how come it cost you money? Why should you have to pay for that? And the response as usual from the religion this was like that Like why should you have to pay extra to go to a temple on high holidays? What's that all about and the responses? Ehh! Oh, I don't know it's a tradition don't ask me why it's a tradition Like slavery and like you know picking your nose All the way to enjoy picking my nose 5605050505050 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello Neil Yes sir I have a good idea let's call you P.A. at Dr. National Carvernal Center Dr. Robin Needon Meyer and first well Okay, okay, thank let's do it you go ahead and do it. Let us know when you're finished, okay 56050505050 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello What is wrong with P.A. Panther on fans? There are more than I know Panther fans don't you understand there are a few There are a few of us but there are people in the building don't you understand I've been saying that for years now a bunch of people in the building especially in the new building We were there Saturday night and the only thing you can tell and you're right about pop-up or the guy is absolutely a dynamo When he gets on the ice you just so something's going to happen I'm sorry, but I trust it's unlike any other sports person in this set But the other thing I wanted to mention is you know Which drives me nuts as we sit there and I've got two kids in my wife and the four of us spend a lot of money to go to those games And these AFLs have to get up in order to in order that and worry about who's sitting behind them And beside them and in front of them Picture asses down and watch the hockey game what is wrong with these people I still got the crazy chef who's with a kid in front of me I'm in high school in the one guy including daddy who now is so pissed off he won't even turn around and look at me and speak which is fine Because like I said I don't like ponies, but stop holding the kids up in the or anybody okay Who cares? We don't we don't go there to see your kids. I kids go there actually to watch the hockey game They love it and they're sitting there as fans unlike half the the adults that go there if you could call them that But I am just so sick and tired of the $5,000 necklaces these beautiful things they all win and go in there Standing up in front of everybody and parading around when there's a hockey game going on Yeah, and I get they paid their money for their tickets, but they sure is all bought or maybe I mean because they pay their money doesn't mean they got to write the stand up and block everybody else up And that's why a lot of people stay home by the way and watch it on TV I'll tell you what when we had the more of them tickets I would not go unless I had the front row and the upper deck because I am sick of people walking in front of me These fans down here have absolutely no idea when there's a stop at the time Thank you Five six seven everybody had a great time there's there. Yeah, we had a good time I mean it wasn't the most exciting game in history, but we had a good time. I got no complaints I I Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line anybody see Jesse of Enture on meet the press yesterday Oh Here's four miles hello Hey, Neil with them my first professional hockey game Saturday night out of blast yeah, and I don't know what it was complaining about the atmosphere was fine for me We had a lot of fun. I'm definitely gonna go back only one complaint at 300 pound a woman right behind me with gas Horrible gas Mako's in the territory man and in the alcoholic of the urinary infections, but other than that I had a great time and I'll be back Okay, all right excellent See Wednesday night L.A. Kings 600 open lines here this morning the cats got their tongue five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line You know something Jeff high there's another scene basically What this radio station is all about and of course it's no coincidence because our sales manager her husband is the sales manager for clear channel So there's this really very bizarre not just in sisters relations, but like a lot of people would call it a conflict of interest And so all the losers from over there all the people that they don't want to have she hires and brings them over here Not to mention Who thinks that he's gonna put a spot on the ear for me who tries to get a spot on the ear that we can't do any more and number two I've never heard about in the first place another Jeff high night mirror How can this be going on how can this man it puts spots on the log? I thought only the water not you could put spots on the log. How is this possible? We cannot do those spots live Jeff high. It cannot be done. It's ill freaking Legos you fat piece of dirt idiot you don't you understand it don't you get it? Is it positive or gone actually so one real account on their show? No And they wander around here just like red read this one comes in go on I mean he's he listening to this show as you aware of the when anything going on here besides there's a goddamn ball game Is he worth anything else in the world no? God how how is it possible if I could just begin to tell you life could be beautiful like my mother always says But it's not because there's a lot of assholes running around If I could just convene you how frustrating it is to work for somebody who is so detached so uninvolved So far so many light years away from the business that we're supposed to be in that's the source of frustration I don't think he owns a radio to be honest with him any in a car This place and stands for nothing all on the i We are the sisters, we are the sisters We are the sisters, we are the sisters We are the sisters, we are the more come to bed. I hope to have seen you fellowship on me Allah Nice No music Hey its just a privilege foram and work at WQM. We're going to crazy how it's in St. Asylum. 1133 in 2AN. So somebody faxes me by the way, the article about Pedro Guerrero from Saturdays paper and also faxes and thank you very much. I'll let it not a very good fax. From Friday's hero, the picture there. The income is picture from the ass, the restaurant and the ass on the bottom of the fax is the Pedro with O.J. and the Roy. I'm Friday the same Pedro on the news on Saturday and of course the answer is yes. Yes. Same drug dealer. I mean I think everybody goes to the inter-autopying their drug dealer with them. Don't you? I'm saying that's a good idea. Why not? Why not? I want to get choked up about it or emotional because we got plenty of other stuff going on here to get real emotional about. But at any rate, you know, we'll do the best we can. It's all we can do because otherwise this place could drive you to lose your mind. You really could. I mean my head is just it's like it's like there's a man with an ananver. They've even stopped doing the drilling. It's like there's a man with an anvil. How about you think, Adville? Do it for the anvil? Do you think that might help? Unbelievable. The home of absolute inept to do it. And then it just keeps cut. It's like a snowball that you're rolling down a jug. You like the the Alps. It's like you're in a goddamn Swiss Alps and you're rolling a little snowball and it's rolling down hell and getting bigger and bigger till I like a guy damn avalanche. Like this fat boy thing. Everything we've done. I've been here for like since about nine in the whatever in the quarter nine, a less than three hours. And you think it'd be at a bad night's sleep last night. You had a nightmare. We've had 49 mirrors here already this morning. It's not even noon yet. On it as soon as I said that they started to got in drilling again by the way. Cut the goddamn drilling you asshole. Come back at their two jackass. That boy. There's another is there any reason? Is there any excuse to the world why he should be here? He's in his building. Oh no. Another gameplay. We warned them. We told them. We begged them. We've worked with this big disastrous person before. Please don't hire. We begged them. And of course we're liars. So then actually ran out in the hire. Everything George and I say we're liars. We're trouble makers. We don't know if it about the business. We're crap. In fact, I wasn't even going to mention it because it sounds so serving. But Joan Fleseman and the Harald this morning writes a piece about Phil Henry being back on here. And she says quoting Phil. It says Henry known for his many character voices. It calls Rogers the greatest single town in American radio and although he'd hate this term a mentor competing with him. If that's what it is in the car. He says will be brutal. That's what he said. Are you sure? Well, that's what Joan Fleseman says anyway in a paper. I mean, we respect each other. He's a good town, the hell of a town. And there you go. That's what he says. The word trouble makers. We're bull crap artists. We got all these numbers on this station. All this revenue. But we know nothing. We're bad guys. So if we try to tell a sales manager here something that was a lot of the big. Oh, she'd by the way spent a half hour here Friday afternoon. Tell me that she's not a liar. Half an hour. And response that thing from the logo Margot Glub. Remember when Nixon went on TV and said, I am not a crook. That's what it reminded me of. Yeah, same thing. Maybe we can get you a press conference screw-in. You can go on the air on television to get your reputation back such as it is. And announce to the public, I'm not a liar. Anybody believe me? No. Just from the meeting we had last Tuesday. I could write a short a couple of few paragraphs about the tall tales that this lady told me then. And she comes in here for half hour very indigents. I got a lawsuit here. I'm going to sue him God damn it. He said this. I don't believe it. This is the same screw and it's set right across the hall in Sam's office there and put. Roar. For post personal buddy. Roar. Up to coming in here that day and starting up right in the middle of this show and set their laughing hysterically while it was going on. Just like this morning when we come in and the here's Peter Leonard, another crazy person standing in there with you. And I'm going to be a little bit more optimistic because these CDs are all screwed up. And I says, oh my God, we got a horrendous problem. And his responses, oh, it'll make good show material. I've been doing this for 100 years, bro, guys. I don't need to have crises to have good show material. I got to sing in things I talk about every day on this show. I don't need to have people putting impediments in my life to have something to talk about. It's quite a what Todd Drex says down on the second floor. This place needs an animal. That's what this radio station needs. A big big house cleaning. And with the with the impotent general manager we got if never going to happen because that's the one thing you can bet your life on is nobody ever gets fired in this guy. They in place no matter how many problems they create no matter how much chaos and trouble they cause nobody ever gets fired at be easily read. If you can get fired here, baby, you really, you're I mean you're going to get a smoke of records. It's almost an ag and impossibility. You could go in there and take a dump on Gregory's that's right now. And he'd probably say boy that's an interesting flavor. That's right. He probably say, by the way, you smell that. What's that? Yeah, he got a Columbia that's what he would say. Yeah, right. I'm not saying he's not the most aware guy in the world. He's out of touch. He's out of the loop. He's out of contact with reality. That's why we had somebody trying to put a live spot on his show this morning that he knows I can't do live that it's against the law for to be endorsed a bunch of lawyers on here as much as I love Randy multitasking my friends is the ticket defense thing and a spot ran on tape, which is great and I love them, but I can't do it. Did he ever ask me about it? No, no. He said that was a mistake. He put the order in wrong. He knows you can't do it. He screwed up. The first thing he said was that I have the copy for it. That was the first thing that he said wasn't that the message you relayed to me was that Jeff High says you've got the copy for it, Mr. Well, that was before you. That was before I've out of him on the air about him trying to pull another one of his goddamn shady deals that he's notorious for and slipping something through that he doesn't bother telling anything about. Like that restaurant he tried to put on his show where the food tasted like black like somebody had done that pile right on the goddamn tray. Oh, it's unbelievable. So what we have basically is anybody at Clear Channel that they can't stand that they can't tolerate there anymore, they just ship them off over here. And we say, oh yeah, let's sign them off. They'll write a lot of business. How's the colleague in man doing by the way? Oh, I'm going to go home with an NYPD Blue Ball. It's 145 at 5.60 WKM. Well, I finally got a nice smile on my post because I just received one of the most unbelievable facts is which I won't read on the air, but it's it's great. Here's sunrise, hello. Yes, sir. Well, he asked the Jesse, you know, if Jesus was his savior, that's when he was Jesse, let's emin' in order over there. But better than that was when Reggie White was on. Oh, God, I forgot about that. Oh boy, forget about it. And he was asked and what was wrong in America and he said there's no discipline with kids. Yeah, he only uses he whips him. He's a little boy and a little girl. He whips him both, but then he gives him a big hug after they started bleeding. He's with a big bell. Because I don't spike them. I use a bell. Right. Oh, but that's when you're on Tim Rosser 10, and we'll certainly when you were playing an NFL, you must have played with some players who were homosexual. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, nobody. No, all is not only Reggie. Unbelievable. Maybe he hit them with a bell. Could be. And a locker room. And we have to the towel. Or maybe with a tongue. Yeah, if the towel snap. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Right. You white. There you go. They just keep dragging, parading his guy then, big in his parks around over and over again. And, oh, yeah, who the will need him? What's the point? Like he's going to give America lessons on morality on an intelligence. Maybe we can get a Vanderholly movie. We'll be going to do a history of it too. If I don't have to be the father of our country. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a AT&T line. You see, America, this is everything is cookie cutter, baby. You can't really be an individual. You can't really tell if the way it is because it's no take very long before they all bring it back to your reality. Just like poor Jesse, who's trying to do his best to stick to his guns. But, oh, you know, we got to ask him these questions because if he says no, then he's totally out of step. So let's see if we can't embarrass and humiliate and make him squirming with a little bit. And of course, he's going to say he believes in God. And Jesus, well, yeah, I guess so. Tim, Ross, you're an asshole, baby. You're a big fat-faced drunken Irish piece of craft with red cheeks. And your wife couldn't write a book if somebody stuck a gun in her. Correct. I'm gonna tell you that right now. His wife was the one who wrote the book about the Versace murder and Cunin and wrote the thing about the glory holes and about guys sticking here. He's on to the goddamn stall. While they're doing the limbo rock, would there something that rhymes with the rock? Here's a West Palm Beach, yellow. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. Listen, I was just want to talk to you a little bit about the ZoJ thing. I know you'd be to tell over here, but I was listening to you all week and here and all you guys, which is comments about OJ and I agree a hundred percent. And then after listening to that letter that you read on the air the other day, my question to you is, what does the management say to you when you confront them and they deliberately went out to put this bomb in this golf tournament? What is it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what they say. I mean, that's not what I'm saying. Oh, well, I'm just telling you they just give it a y'all. They're embarrassed. They're upset and nothing happened. That's all Greg Reed scratches his head and it's like he's in limbo. He's in suspected animation. Do you think they do it just to get the publicity whether it's bad or good? No. No, they do it because they're in that because we got a bunch of loose cannons running about here who have jobs for life. And any other business that would be one at least two people, maybe even more, who would have been fired by now? I mean, that's guaranteed. There is no question about that. And to the best of my knowledge, nobody has been fired, suspended, anything. I must I'm missing something somewhere. And then if the oldest bad publicity, you think that we'd come to hear. I mean, he talks about the bad food at JRS, which he's absolutely right at PPP Park. And you know, make sure a couple of comments about two problem making bitches in his building. And right away, there's just been him three weeks, part of that without pay. And then Joe Rose gets the Ben Outer shape of our program director one day about 180 minutes of spots in our, and they suspend him for a week. But we got guys out here who are subjecting this place to humiliation and embarrassment and to the best of my knowledge. Nobody suspended, nobody has fired. Not one piece of action has been taken by our general manager Greg Reed, who is the most impotent human being I've ever seen in my life. But you would think that after all this, at least the public apology to you and the rest of the year. I talked about that on Friday, there is nothing going on. Absolutely nothing. Okay, thanks a lot. The man was in here this morning. He said, yeah, good luck pal. Good luck to us here. Trying some out of surviving keep our heads up straight. Keep it straight. You're embarrassing Greg. You're embarrassing us. You're degrading us. You're subjecting us and the people running around here. Oh, it's good show material. I'm serious. And whatever mental institutions we've got down here, they could fill an entire ward with some of the people running around loose in this joint. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes sir. Hey Greg, how are you doing? Okay, in Neil, I'm just calling for Greg Reed that never ends a piece of crap because when that had that pound of $6,000 a giveaway. Yeah, Mike's girlfriend wanted and he didn't give it a month. He didn't give it to her. He didn't give it to her. I'm about $1. That's yeah. He's got crap that he is for real life. And that's all I want to say. Thanks me. Okay, well don't be less than a power and I need six anymore. I saw King Curry in the hall by the way. I said, how's my tickets going? Oh, you got him. Don't worry. Yeah, my back street voice tickets and he went. Yeah, I know what that meant, but that's kind of what the sound he made as he was walking away. I like don't hold your breath fat. So something like that. Oh yeah, you got him. Sure, I believe you. Do I believe him? No. 567. 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's my email. Neil. Yes sir. That's a trigger Greg Reed also. I own a company. If any of my employees would get caught, okay, being photographed at a nightclub with a murderer and a drug dealer, it would have some serious explanations to do the next day. Uh-huh. It's foster and where do you other two guys? Right foster and then only one of the guys. Sand Duke, our alleged promotions band, who's kind of like Greg Reed's steps on, you know, kind of like a guy that eats dinner with their house several times a week, kind of like another part of the fraternity here. Oh, they have an explanation. They're sitting at a table, got nose, what time it is at the beach with a murderer and a drug dealer. I would bring him in for questioning and then I'd give him all the drug tests and I bet you they'll fail. Pedro Guerrero, baby. You got it. How do you like that? Gregory, get with it. Okay. Bye, new. Okay, everybody in. Hello. Let's you know what X-ray. Let's hold our breath and see my Greg's going to get with it. Yeah. Can't hold it that long and my breath either. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty, see there's no follow-up. There's no follow-through. What they did what they, the method here is they figured that should get all whipped up and excited about something for a couple of days and then you'll forget about it and they just cross their fingers and hopefully everybody forgets in it'll pass. It's not going to pass. Okay. Maybe we'll pass some gas. The principal episode is not going to pass. We're trying to raise money here for a charity. We're trying to go on and put our best foot forward without the help of any kind of promotions or our publicity or anything. We're just trying to do it on our own here. Try to do something good. And as usual, your stick and roadblocks, your stick and impediments in our way. And the fact of this guy, they administer it that church down and we're going to get those talking to try to come out. It's the full core press. Oh, Jay, they're going to stick them on us whether we like it or not. We don't want anything to do with them. And let me quote the general manager for our famous meeting last Tuesday from our big summit meeting. Let me just quote him. Eeehh, well that's only one of the things he said. He said, this station does not want to be associated in any way, shape or form with OJ Simpson. Now why doesn't it be core to statement saying that? Why won't he do the public apology that we talked about here on Friday and we already had one color suggested again and rightfully so this morning? And apologize. We don't want to be affiliated with somebody who's one of the notorious scumbags of our time. The sponsors deserve that. They go up to them and deserve the center of one deserves it and the rest of us are working on the staff deserve it. But like I said, this man, he's like the frozen man. It's like maybe somebody can fall him out someday so we can actually take some action and do something. Do something. Here's a mobile and key largo. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil, one question. The station collect $25,000. That was just another lie sir. They didn't collect no $25,000. That's an other story that's saying do gay made up. But they only gave center a wander. Let us say it again. They never collected $25. He made the number up. They collected a $2,000 of which two to a little over two grand was left for center one. They didn't collect no $25. Okay. That's an other he picked off out of the year to try to make himself look like a big shot. Okay. That explains it. Okay. Neil, love you. That's again. See this is what happens when you tell lies Sam. This is what happens when you lie a lot. He might as well just like last year when he brought that guy down, stupid sign down. Well, we started the center one campaign and they would leave it to our friend Ron from the whammy crew was the guy that caught it. Oh yeah, I've got a goal $300,000. He's got a goal. Like he's got something to do with this Sam. And like he had made this graph this chart up and then come to find out Ron from whammy. I'm covered pull off the side of the thing and it was it was an old sales chart that they had. Nothing to do with center one. They tried to pull a fast one again because everything is a joke and the reason that people like Sam do kaking run around here acting like everything is a joke because he knows that he's never going to get his ass can't. He knows he can do whatever it hell he wants and Greg Reeve will never say anything. Be side. Eeeeh. This is what happens when you run a mom and pop in socialist relationships kind of a joint instead of a business. You got people like Sam doosh bag running around making as much trouble as he possibly can. Making off all kinds of fancivil stories going around TV like he's our representative talking to the guy from the Sun Sentinel, Josie Lambe and Hocken to try and like some kind of conversation about Neil Rogers is doing a radio station which caused more chaos. This man is caused more problems in here in the last week than most of you could cause in life time if you set out to do it. But on and on we go marching along sing in a song and everybody and I won't say everybody because most of the people there are oblivious anyway. All they want to know is when the ball game starts. That's the problem we're in a vacuum here on this station. We're in an island. We're on a total island. If you were to go out in the hallway now like I just went during the last break to take a leak. You know what they're worried about? The promos for this game and promos for that game who's going to be off in this game. That's all to talk about. That's all they care about. Here's the show that's got all the numbers on this radio station that's bringing all the revenue that our general manager told me on Tuesday. This show is the guy named Centerpiece of this radio station. He's aware of it and they do nothing for us except in Burris and Humiliate and make a mockery of. Thank you so much. Thank you so much for the tremendous cooperation. It's 1156 at 5.60 QAM. You know something? Seriously, I may have a stroke right now on here. Remember John Pines was in here the other day and I showed him this thing about the brandy's copy about nobody likes to show. You heard the part of conversation and so we crossed that out and I wrote in mandal like to shop because I told him women love the shop. They live the shop. So he brings a new piece of copy. You brought a you handed it to me today. Nobody likes to shop especially men. It's all on CBS. Meet a small town free to speak the word of God and adds a few choice words of his own. It's Father Turets, Mystery. Yeah, we love it. We're a daughter here today. We join together. This is a little bit of a sucker in my book. In horror, Matrimon. Father Turets, Mystery, a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago, Holthlet and NYPD Blue Ball. Oh my god, it's not all the other little food that I'm wondering about. And father Turets. Sunday, this fall. Spending hour with Father Turets. Right after an all new season of touchdown there by an angel. Only on CBS. Oh, I think I've played that. You know something to do with the nothing to play a second time of the season of the way the things are going here. So John penis just comes in. You know something. That's the amazing part of it is. I like penis. But in his case, I'll make an exception. Just comes in here with the revised and accurate copy for the account that I just did. The only problem is we just ran a spot asshole. And while I was in a hallway there and speaking to our program director, who's in there with Gary Sarner, stroking each other, guess who's in a hallway over there and is going back it was office. Who didn't get suspended? Who didn't get fired? Who didn't get the who didn't even have the the decency to vanish for a couple of days? Sam. Sam, Duke Reed. You know what that's like? That's like slapping everybody else in this building in the face. That's what that's like slapping us in the face. The fact that he's in there today. 560550, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the lady on a payphone and Davy. Hello. Hey, any doer. Okay. I'll just come to talk about that 16 minutes through last night the bush will. Uh-huh. But it's some of the stuff I've been hearing over the on the phone while I was on my whole load. Just think of it's just typical for an abusiness party. Oh, it'll never happen again until the next time. Right. That's right until about 20 minutes from now. Right. Till next piece of bogus copy or some crap like that. Yeah. Anybody any other company, any random company in the world like you like these, for this car, they haven't been talking to them. What are you doing associating with these people? Uh-huh. And uh, step up here and give some to the service service. Right. Not here. Not here because like I've told you before we've got some people here who are Teflon human beings no matter what it is that they do, nothing is ever going to happen to these people. Every company seems to have their neighbor. But now we're not like this place. We've got like four or five of men. We got four or five people that could like, you could take an X-pick and murder people to the parking lot and then they come back and go to lunch with a boss. Exactly. It even doesn't like the boss. If they take their photos, go to lunch with the next one. Oh my god. I'm going to let me just ask out loud. Norma, can't what have you got me into Norma? Can't what have you done to me? What have I done to deserve this place? I'm sorry. Go ahead. I'm just kidding emotional. Well, I'm thinking that would just be about the telling you about what to do about it. On here and what about the center one and a big all of yours you've done each. And yet they seem to know that how to do it than you do? No, I don't think so. Well, we do we just have no cooperation here and again because of the same department because of a promotions department that's uninvolved. That doesn't do any of this. So it's all left to George and to me and you know, up to our own resources. Like we're running our own guide then business here. In fact, your last one is a two-day walk back to the scene. See, they can't live with your work with Western. Or because we have one of our former sales ladies here who was going to get us a better deal. So that's center one. In other words, we have to pay for the cost of each CD and cassette. Right. And then after we pay whatever they charge us to punch those out, then set a one gets all the profits, which is most of the course. These people are going to give us a better deal. Well, that's the reason they're there. There's always some reason that they can underbex. Right. There's always some reason they can do a cheaper. He could. He could. He could. He could. He could. He could. He could. He could. He could. He could. He could. He could. He could. He could. And we've been doing this for a hundred years and we've never had this problem before. Every year they come out sounding very good. I'm always proud of the product that we put out there and never have any complaints about him. Every year, every year, only here, only in this place. And when it was a couple of days, I've been hearing each and each and each, and I haven't managed that. Yeah, that's right. It was always posted with down to the wire. I still don't have the key chance. Right. But I didn't have that. Other than that. Well, I was disappointed. I couldn't get the Saturday. But I was just going to get the idea. That's right. Wait a little while till we give you the green light. I wouldn't have to get one of these changes now. Right. Is that it? Or have it? Okay, so we don't. I want to think about what's additional thing. I was maybe just because it's on the daughter of a car. But I was sitting at her table things and can do. And what is the next thing I'm going to be about? I was going to run the sun. Right. Like somebody doesn't know this happened. And bad doctors took up for each other too. I mean, it's one of the things originally. It was kind of a good idea. The next story is going to be about Greg Reed and those stickin up for the cover and after the fraternity here at QA. And that's going to be next week on 60 minutes. Then, for the 10 parts series. Sometimes it's cops if you go. We absolutely are below your river of bread. But that was kind of the whole idea about it originally. But some people have just taken in and taken that to their own experience and made do whatever. And it just really sucks when I try to say the friends who still are cops. Even if you don't tell it, you've tried to cut them off before they do stuff like this. Who's new? You should stop there. And if you're new. And just the names of me, how they curl at those, they know we don't have to do that. And I'm saying, well, you're okay. You're superior to her, but trust me, the public does. And you wouldn't do right to keep those don't trust cops. Well, when you saw those people under last night who were terrified for their lives, then you understand why everybody keeps their mouth shut. Okay. I believe me, I do. Okay. Thanks, Mark. Thank you. Bye. 5605050, 560 on the AT&T wireless line is the excitement continues here. A lot of the most neurotic days of all of our lives. At least mine. At least ours. See, it doesn't have anything to do outside these walls here. It has nothing to do with the rest of the building. Because the rest of the building don't care. They'll take the money. Thank you. But that's about it. That's as far as it goes. A little bit of a love service like we had last two days and it's all it is. Just a little bit of a love service. That's what we get here at 2 AM, baby. I've got two sets of legs. I'll bet. Like I said. We have some time. And packing sets is the town. Gold Tamorech wishes is on a toll. The staff can't tell that you're about to go in next door. They'll drive in the next door. Have some biology. Where? That Gucci style is a fan. I hope in life. While with no mirror they've heard. These man had to. They've brought some. That's not even two. They've the breakfast. They've got the toll on the boat. It's a little bit of a town that you're as a child. They're at a stroll the mall. And the sidewalks fails from your hand. And as you wrap your nails. So your friends are going to bloom. They're really won't fit by the eyes. We've never had a kid. The parking space. That's not a thing to leave the space. Toronto. And don't look. They're at a town that you're the child. They're at a mall. And the sidewalks fails from your hand. And as you wrap your nails. So your friends are going to bloom. They're going to bloom. They won't fit by the eyes. They're at a town that you're as a child. And the parking space. They're at a town that you're all the cold. They're at a town that you're all the cold. They're all the cold. The staff can't tell that you're about to go in next door. We're down south. And the tagging section. The town. We're down south. And the tagging segment. There's a town that took the ACPM. A crazy place on a face to the earth. Marleline. We got hurt going to be showing them the stadium. Our therapy park is about to come through to five. That means we've got really 600 hours of pregame. Five to nine of pregame shows. Dolphin City Bill is not a clock tonight. By the way, I must have watched 17 different games. Interesting. ever a worse, I mean, the new England, if there's ever been a worse foreign old team than I like to pay for it, it's not going to be wrong. But if there's ever been a more inept, a more embarrassing undefeated team of the state of the season, I've never seen it. That came against a, against the girls team against the Browns was so unbelievably bad that you doll fans out there that are worried about New England, forget it. They suck it. Here's a candle, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Good afternoon sir. Hi, I want to, uh, specs on Saturday to get where your CDs are. And they didn't have any. Is something with the prepping or is it not just, it's not ready yet? I went to specs where and the candle in 17. Oh, well, they don't have them in all the stores yet because again, that's another part of this nightmare. The school and on the, uh, they don't have, they didn't have enough to get them in all the stores yet. All right. But that's a good part because the band part is that the, you know, they came out screwed up. Well, all the what I want to ask you is none of it's none of it's profit for this. It's all going to charity none of it's going to kill a. Yeah, right? Right. Because if it was, I wouldn't buy it. If it was, I wouldn't be in Vaughn then. Uh, one, one thing I wanted to ask you, uh, you can maybe cart some up for me for the, uh, cat in the kettle at the peaking moon. You got it. And uh, for Jimmy Johnson, they should be special. Okay. Jimmy, we could be special Johnson. He's a special case, baby. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18 T. Wavis Lime. We're still on the air here today. Maybe we keep rolling along. Singin' a song. Don't ask me how they keep throwing these damn things that we keep hopping over them for an old fat flag like me to keep hopping over these roadblocks. It's not easy. I'll tell you that. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. I'm a teacher and I'm taking a day off and I can never call you. So I'm going to ask you some one of those questions that nothing to do with what's going on. Your studio is near Wax and L. Y. S. Is it on the same block? Couple blocks. Okay. Close. New X. I happen to be in the Wax, L. Y. S. Studio. And I didn't see a picture of Donna Agony and Noodle. Do you like Gaur? I haven't got any idea. And the other thing was, uh, I couldn't care less, but anyway. Yes, I was in storage and I heard Dave Creega, I like a rock and roll. Good time for the great taste. Oh, there's Noodle's there. Niel, this is Noodle's reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. This is going to make good radio for you. All right? You've learned this question. Uh-huh. Okay. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye. What did she just say? I just told what we nothing. Oh. She said that was going to make good radio to me. Noodle, her question. Did that make good radio? Oh, but I killed about 45 seconds. Thanks, sweetheart. Okay. 600 open lines here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's deer field. Hello. Niel. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, listen, I was there on, at specs on Saturday. Uh-huh. And I got one of your CDs. Oh, so sorry. Yeah, mine skips from like the psychic new groan network all the way down to the end. And I was wondering if I'd have a problem returning it. Well, but, but you got to hang on to what till we get a new press. They're all screwed up. Oh, really? Are they going to have them in the Boynton Del Ray area? Yes. Which one, do you know? That's the specs and Boynton, which is wherever it is. Okay, cool. And I was really forward when I was key change. But uh, I know, hey, listen, I mean, what can I say? I thought I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I apologize. I'm sorry. I apologize. I'm sorry. I apologize. And I'm stuck up in the middle of this thing. And, you know, it's only my good name that could put on a line for this. And, uh, you know, in the meantime, I'm a jackass. What can I tell you? We've only known for about 400 for a solid year that we do this from October 1 till the end of December here. Well, a lot of people still love you. Okay, thank you. Listen, can you play something for me? Sure. Can you play me that out? The Buffalo Bills? The Buffalo Bills? Have a great day, Pat. Action. Oh, God. What is that thing called? Bills, I tell you. No, it's not. Buffalo Bills, I tell you. No, it's not. It's called the Bills, I tell you. But that's still what we don't want to play that. Well, Buffalo has the football team. The greatest in the land. And everybody thinks that's great. I say, really, yeah. The Buffalo Bills, not an apple one. See what I mean? So just sing a little. And you say, Miami, when you say Buffalo, and here's that Buffalo Bills. Buffalo Bills. The greatest team in the history of human race, data, Buffalo Bills. The greatest team in the land. And here you go. And you're jazz up that redneck stuff. Listen to that banjo. Holy, sweet God, listen to that. What you say, Buffalo Bills, it don't sound so redneck, he do it. Everybody sing along now. How you feel, fans? Here we go. Well, Buffalo Bills are the best team. They have the best record of the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl for a hard times, which is what I can say for this, it's come stuck in season and they're at the greatest. But they really like that uniforms. They sure is hell. Be set out out of heaven and fish on the helm because they're the Buffalo Hobos. The best football team. What I have received in the history of my life. They are the Buffalo Bills. The Buffalo Bills, the whole of Jim Kelly, the greatest quarterback in the league. Everybody, the Buffalo Bills. They're the Buffalo Bills. And they've been around long enough in the sinking, right in fish. Well, that's Buffalo Bills. Buffalo Bills. What would you have ever prepared in Buffalo or a fish? Or can't. Did you have a think when you're the Chinese? It ain't pocket chicken bottle facts, I mean. Get the food, taste, squid, so you don't complain. But that's not chicken in you chicken, it's not a town name. Seems to me I would've Sweden's power book, but Garfield's on my form. It's current here on my form. There's a cast in the cattle that's the sea king moon in the place that I eat every day at noon. They could be the cat and your men and the bulls. When they're out there, they'd find real critters in the woods. Chow in, ask to. I want this mull as he was dialing up his buddy at the home. That's the answer. Now today, I lost my appetite. That's too kept in my belly and they wanted to find. I was sucking on a roll in and the tumble's the when I swear I heard it, you and that's the channel I knew. There's a cat in the cattle that's the king moon. Think I got a stop, even there with noon. They say that it's peaceful, to show up for it's current there on my form. There's a hairball on my form. All right. 1242 at 560 WQAM 560 Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Liberty City. Hello. You glad my Lord and Savior. Yes, there's bigon. Madam, I'm home for lunch. I'm a 26 year old Schwarzman Liberty City. I'm watching CNN and they're talking about the kids in Carolina. Somebody from Sponsor Gave each and every one of those kids stuffed animal and they said the idea behind it was so that no matter how hard things get, they can always have something to hold on to something that's weasel and we have sounds a little like um I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know how hard things get. I always have something to hold on to. Yeah, that sounds a little to me like, I don't know, really. And the thing that gives me like a security blanket like line is it sounds like a crutch. I sound like something just even sure what's talking about when you said a crutch for people with a week mind. The little kids got a week mind, right? But you know, I live here in Liberty City and I'm black and it's kind of funny because you know, when I tell people my head loss for example that I don't believe in God. It's like, oh my god, I'm going to go to hell. I got thanks for your love. I'm going to listen. There's a Liberty City. Look around here. You can't even imagine what kind of a God would let people be in a place like that. That's right. We are in there. No, you do a great job. Take care of yourself. And I'll pray for you brother. I'll see you in church. I'll ride. Bye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on. Let's go. Let's get with the program here. Now we got eight million open lines. All of a sudden we've actually been doing okay for some bizarre reason. Considering the fact that my mind is a million miles away from here right now with all this thrill that it's like your cut off at a tornado of crap. You can smell it. You can feel it. You can taste this. Here's a mobile inform order. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Hi. First time calling. Yes, sir. All right. I have to tell you a quick story that made me think of you. I live on A1A in Pappano, Beach in the Fairly Nice Area. And I stopped at my local convenience store the other night to get a pack of cigarettes. As I walk in, and I'm going to make a couple of references you know, my old sexual and racial but they don't mean anything. A totally reverse situation. I'm walking to the store about nine o'clock in a white guy about 21 years old runs out screaming and turning back to the black gay Haitian cashier saying, don't let me see you on the street. I'll kick your butt and I'll carry it. At that point, there's, I go into the store all the time. And they're really nice guys that work in the other boat Haitians. The Haitian starts to run out the store after the the white guy who starts to walk away slowly. Yeah, man. Yes. At the other Haitian runs after him to grab him before he can go after the white guy. And they start to struggle in the store. I'm the only person in the store. He grabbed the reason. I'm not being able to get it. Okay. He grabs the smaller gay Haitian who's going after the white guy brings him back behind the counter. And the next thing I know, the gay Haitian fans are in his pants and the other Haitian fans are also found in his pants. And he gets what? The gay Haitian who was mad and going berserk. As I was rolling around in his head with anger over the white guy saying these things pulls out a gun. Which immediately made me think of you immediately made me think about not getting the pack of cigarettes that I had done in there for. Right. And they're struggling with four sets of hands down the same thing. And they're trying to stand. Maybe they were searching for his pistol. They'd like to search for his pistol anyway for his run. Yeah. And maybe he packs a mean run. Yeah. And the reason for the call is I could very easily see where guns are extremely dangerous. Right. And I guess there's a reason for the guy to have one because he works there. But you know, he was going out out of the store after a white guy who evidently just, you know, ticked him off a little bit. And it could have been a case where we had another shooting, which was on that show. Oh. I'm out of the video and reach for his waistband anyway. You got it. Because when you stick, you know, you stick your hand deep in your pants. You might get sidetracked. You got it. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. There's a guy at the, uh, I'm a little, uh, a cop with Thompson there with some gay Haitian. There's no such thing as, oh, no. He just made that up. I could can't keep his packer in his hand. There, paints. I don't think I'm not doing more. You just watch me shave. How you do stare at the floor? Go on there, paint it. I don't like who they are at home. You just to be you who and me, a paper towel in a dirty bag. That's how we made it to, getting back. Now it's things, things, things that I think that you're the one who's lying there paint. I don't like these anymore. He thinks they're, I mean, I don't think I'm lacking in them. When you get to drink it, you put me places I've never been the worst they're running. I don't like I can't believe you just get a grip on our mind and relax your breath. Now the turns are truly Halloween, they'll. If we put our hands together, we just stay home forever. I don't like that. I'm the last girl. Oh, and rubbing. Wow, you're shaving, shaving, my. Well, 33 at 5.60 W to Q.A.M. So I just get a letter that is just so, it's enough to make you, you know, as if we have an already. Yeah. And here today, the letters from Patrick Beary, B-E-A-R-Y in Highland Beach, and he includes a poem, along, long poem, the ballot of O-J Simpson, that he's written, and the Queen's Bar bulletin, March 1996. Queen's New York. And at the bottom it says, editor is note, Patrick Beary is a longtime member of the Queen's County Bar Association at a former New York City Administrative Law Judge. Keep that in mind as I'm reading you this note he sends to me. Dear Neil, I hope you're recovering from the O-J disease and that the enclosed verse, which I write, did not cause you to have a relapse. For reading my lines, you cannot tell whether or not O-J is guilty, and I don't really believe that he realizes what happened. Otherwise, how could he have acted so innocently, and so such concern for his kids? He must have been undrugs that fatal night. In any event he should be allowed to go along with his life as another Tarnished Hero, President Clinton seems to be doing fine. Kind regards Patrick Beary, carbon copy, Josie Lambe, Sun Sentinel, PS, despite all his glaring misty, Bill Clinton wouldn't be barred for many golf tournaments. You know, Bill Clinton, who's the president of the United States, who didn't kill anybody that we know, who's still widely respected by millions and millions of people, and can go pretty much wherever the hell he wants and play golf wherever the hell he wants. A blow job in murder, or the same. Yeah, that's right. A president who got a couple of blow jobs, and of course we know that O-J never screwed around, right? We know that. Sir, thank God that you're no longer a member of the whatever the hell it was, and that you're retired all fart down here, and just heaven protect us from you. You silly person you. God. 56050560 pound-fight the O-J liickers. That's what we got. We got another American disease. We got O-J Simpson disease, and we had the O-J liickers disease. All of which, by the way, are deeply infested right here in this building. 56050560 on the AT&T line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. You know, yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay. Good. Hey, you need to follow this last week, there's a last badly watched Friday or Saturdays at a Sun Sentinel. It could doubt that that printable from St. Thomas Aquinas. Mm-hmm. Did you read that? Yes, I did. We want that final to kid allegedly in the car. Just another isolated incident. Right. We got it, pal. All right. And don't forget. Take those facts in the church. 560560 pound-560 on the AT&T line. We got 600 O-J line here. We got an hour 25 minutes to go until Hank Goldberg had to look like from PB Park. Here's Tamarack, hello. Hey Neil, no worries today. Okay. I got two two questions. How does it look like a QAM, Dacer? Yeah, two different stuff. Yeah, other than the O-J thing, how are you doing today Neil? We were worse. One thing is just a hot, quick hockey question. You know, I know that you're always pretty critical of the Murray Brothers. I was wondering what you thought about the decision to take Whitney and keep him off the line with Buray. I was happy about it in the beginning, but he scored two goals on the other line on Saturday. And, you know, if he's going to be able to score more goals that way, more power too. I would like to, I still like mellow and be on the line with a Melon B's too slow. Well, yeah, and I certainly, and Victor, Kai's love, you know, if you watch that game, we'll get to game Saturday. You know, I watched it on TV. Okay, well, you know, in the third period, Kai's love had a two on one with Buray. And, you know, if you got a two on one with the guy like Paul Vel Buray, you don't hog the puck and Kai's love didn't pass it to him. He went into far and he tried to shoot and he shot a right into Kholzik and never even had a chance to score. I mean, I did, you know, you got to, if you're going to have a superstar like that, you've got to play him with guys who can feed the puck to him and get in the shots. Although Buray had a couple of shots where he could have passed, I think, and maybe made some things happen. But I liked the decision because I think that it is going to open up and each of the lines got too gold. So we'll see how it turns out later on. My other question completely unrelated. It seems to me that the station, Q is the QAN question. QAN clearly needs you and not vice versa. And with everything that seems to be going on over there, I was curious as to how much longer we might expect to. Here you a QAN is supposed to do some other position on the AM dial. I want other position with that P. Well, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. If there's another position, you know, sir, I guess I got into this group. If there was another position where I could work on an AM or FM or the shortwave dial tomorrow, I would be there tomorrow morning. I see. That's how that's how bad it is. That's the point that it's reached here on this video station. That's what it sounded like. I just, you know, always swear. These people give me no support, no cooperation, a little bit of lip service now and then when you demand it. Another and that were a more vacuum. The only things that count in this place are the little fraternity that they've surrounded themselves with. And all these ball games, which most of the adults are costing an arm at a leg. They're like a stranglehold in this place. Well, I was a broadcasting major in college. And I hear you talk about the the Q and the numbers, the two, you know, the different things that you talk about. And you're show clearly rules and dominates and that's all these, those are all these great things for the station. And I can understand, you know, where we, where we're. Let me just put you this way. Every day of my life, I wonder why did they want me to come to this radio station? Why did Greg read ever approached my attorney? Why did he ever approached me? Why did he ever want me to come to this station? Because they are willing to do anything for this radio show. And this disaster we had with our disc for center one. This is the direct result of the fact that we got nobody doing anything for us. We have to do it all by ourselves. Well, I just hope that uh and then when then on the one that takes the fall out in the embarrassment, just like this OJ business with the golf tournament that was associated with my charity. Well, it, it would seem to me that some other place could recognize the numbers that you could bring and perhaps make you a little happier. And then you, you, you probably show QAM what's going on. Okay, pal. All right. And from your mouth to God, dear. There you go. Okay. Five, six, Emily got six hundred open lines here. Let's do it on our 21 minutes to kill. Maybe I can get through this thing today. All I was really dubious. Everything. I mean, it's like an endurance contest. That said, that before they make it a little tougher and a little tougher, a little bit harder, a little bit harder like Monica does, a little bit harder. Instead of saying instead of coming in like I said, they should pick me up at a goddamn limousine and bring me here. Be goddamn, they, I don't expect it. I don't expect to kiss my ass. But give us a little bit of something. Give us a little bit of cooperation. Give us a little bit of respect. And I'll say it again. Tank Goldberg gets his spin at three freaking weeks because he dared to criticize the crap food out there at the ballpark and because he said a couple of un-nice, but very true things about a couple of female members of the inner circle in his joint. Three weeks Joe Rose gets his spin at four or whatever the hell it was a couple of days, a few days. Because he's screaming at the all-in-the program director about the fact that he got six thousand spots in there and then Tom Jick has got it in the Sun Sentinel yesterday. He said, a teeny book about what a goddamn format we got with eight million spots. But these people, you can't move them off the dime. You know, no matter what they tell you, no matter what look service they give you, you cannot move them off the dime. This is a closed fraternity. Don't ever forgive it. And I'll say it again when the fact that we got, I don't know about the other one. I don't know about... Rup Joseph Gacky. Oh my god. That's it. What's bigger finger on it? I can't get it in between there. There we go. I tried to stick it in there and it kept the... Rup. Yeah. Coming out. I think he's over to get that black instrument in there. Don't know about him. But the other one, he's strutting around there like a peacock, like he knows which tablet time a day it is. And he's here today. San. Sand duke read. Floridian. Don't have dirt. I've had a time I said the right word straight about my friend George Bush. Some people seem there. No desire to join. If they give drugs, bags, they'll so watch the point. I'm not for you. Santa can't have it. And George Bush is fine. So what if he... I've had a line. Well he's a bad damn candidate. I've seen a lot of people. I don't care if the option said a man who read the enclave was a ticking mine. They only hear his voice. He did a line. I guess I just don't understand what they did it with. He had many residents and offices who done learn from your another. Like Gerald Moore for instance, obviously he was on the side. Otherwise why was he falling down? That's a Jimmy Carter for example. He was so up to my scum label. He didn't even know they were out to just for the first day. One crew. Why even went back to why you said Father believe you're the reason you've jumped down the jury. Travee was a big one. He hasn't once you've seen one. It's boss. It's like a body. Well, we're in 7 at 560 WCOM. We got paid. But you know, for lines here one call on the board could be a lot of music between now and two. Sounds good to me. I could use the rest. God. Just unbelievable. If you're missed the beginning of the show by the way. These side coaches started this morning, but that was only the beginning when I'm coming to work and I'm listening to the best of needle CD in my car. And come to find out that it's a piece of crap. That would be a compliment. That there's all this compression on it. There's all this dead air in between cuts. Yeah. You press a cut and there's like 7-8 seconds before it starts. And what can I tell you except don't buy any yet? Yeah, I hate to do that because now it takes our whole thing and it throws it into a pile of, yeah. It looks like it's going to be three solid months of embarrassment with this deal. Starting with that golfer meant that we didn't want any part of. And now we got one of our ex-sales people here was doing this this tremendous favor. Getting his involved with a bunch of new people that were going to put this whole thing together and save sent a one a lot of money on the production cost. You know, it's one thing to save money on a production cost. It's another thing to respect people to give you 20 bucks for a piece of crap. That sounds embarrassingly bad. And so now we're scrambling around trying to find out how quickly we can get the repressed. And how quickly we can make exchanges for those poor people that, you know, have got to all the maybe they want to save these. Maybe they'll be collectors at them. The original ones. I don't know. 560 5050 5060 pound 560 on the AT&T line here's Kendall. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. I'm surviving. I know that. I can tell. Anyway, I did something this morning. I don't know if it was good or bad, but I did it anyway. I called up your buddy Pete and myra and Rona and custom all out. We're doing that program changes. Meaning what? Meaning that they screwed everything up. You know, I mean besides you, after you go off the air, you know, I listened to Hank a little bit and then I go over there a little bit and I got everything else who would have been at all types going. Yeah. There's nothing live. Right. Well, that's because that's because they don't in the morning. I see last week. They need one local talent that they come up with in the two years that passionate clear channel of had those stations. There was in one. No, I mean. What's the first ridiculous? Well, that's ridiculous because that's what you got. You got a mind when they leave you lost. That's what you got. Oh boy. All right. Well, that's just you and Hank then. Okay. Thank you sir. Okay. God bless us. God bless the two side Jews. Okay. That takes your of our calls. That's it. Thank you for coming to my rescue. What a great time of need today and a really psychotic day to end. But then again, that could be any day. 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line near we call on the board. I'll wait. WQAM. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Oh, so still back from the year now. It's a pretty good listening. I listened to of course before you. I don't get to listen to your show that much because I work now. But I'm not sure if you'll still be my worst problem. One of the things that I wanted to talk about. I don't know if you talked about it. This was the church venture. Yeah. And how you said like religion was for weekman and people. Well, that was the thing that we've been discussing a lot in the office. Everything. But I was wondering, well, I thought it was kind of a strong statement because no, it's an accurate statement. It's right on target. I agree that religion is pretty narrow minded. But to see it's like, you know, it's kind of like a, you know, kind of like a crud rod. A crud. It's a crud. It's true. But it's true. I think it's too like a broad slot. Kind of like generalizing everything. It's a little bit more complex. No, I don't think it's complex at all. I think he's right on target. And it's unfortunate that the media, like I'm, I talked about me depressed yesterday, but I had no response to that. Tim Russell, you know, put him on a spot. Well, do you believe in God? And he said, yes, and then I would you believe it. That wasn't good enough for Tim Russell. Do you believe the Jesus is the son of God? And he kind of handed on well, yes, what you could tell at his, you know, doesn't mean it. But he can only go so far. Well, his original statement is right on target. Religion is for weak minded people. It's a crutch and it's a sham. And it's, you know, divisive. It causes hate and intolerance. And that's what it's all about. In addition to the big money that goes along with it, of course. That's what I think. There's a lot of respect for him. Actually, before he, before he came out of this stuff, I thought he was just kind of like, you know, a ball. And it, you know, kind of like a weird looking guy, but now they're the usual thing. Well, I don't know. We took that much cut. So because I think a lot of people do, you know, generally. Of course, it took us to say that he's the governor of a state. How many politicians are going to come out and make a statement like that? Very few. It's a very, very, very, very few. He's a breath of fresh air. Okay, pal. Have a great thing. He's this guy's kind of like, yeah, he, he doesn't want to go all the way. That's okay. Laura, we'll pray for you, sir. The bunch of crap I've been told to that for a hundred years. It's nonsense. It's fables. It's ridiculous on the face of it. On the face of it, it's a ludicrous that there's some powerful being up there and well, still on the one hand, God doesn't interfere. Man has free will. But on the other hand, when something, there are trouble comes along. We'll pray to God. But he doesn't interfere. He just, well, we'll pray anyway. Just in case. Maybe he's in a good mood that day. Maybe he's not pissed off. Maybe he's not going to create another strain of tuberculosis. Anybody who would invent this sick twisted God that would create what we got in the world today is somebody had just trying to place blame someplace else, which man has vested doing, especially in this country. And they're starting with a God-dain drilling again. They're starting with that drill. I feel like I'm in the dentist office with a pneumatic drill in my stomach. What does he feels like? Feel like I'm getting a God-dain fruit canal. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing today? The worst day of my life. I'm sorry to hear that. I'm not there to say of my life. I'm about to go into the dentist. It's probably going to be the second worst day of my life. Really? I wanted to ask you about the game on Saturday. Yes, sir. In the first period when Buray and I think it was the war act or somebody were Chris Crossing. Did our own man take them down when the fans were going? No. No, one of the, one of the, one of the, one of the, one of the, I didn't see that. I know he was tripped three times and he didn't stewarded in call Bentley. Well, it's just outside the blue line. And he had Chris Cross. I know, but I didn't look around. I didn't zoom. And Paul steward, he was asleep. Yeah. Typical referee. Yeah. Well, it wasn't a bad game, though. No, but he missed a couple. But I don't understand. I'm talking about the referee. I'm talking. I'm saying we won the game, sir. It wasn't a bad game. It was a great game. It was a great game. It was a great game. It was a lot better than some of the stuff they were going to Sean Burke played great. Nobody wants to show any appreciation for what a great job. This guy has done a goal for Sean Burke was great. I just don't understand if they protect it. If they if the league is supposed to protect the superstars, like they did with Gregg, he, I mean, look what they let happen to Madonna or the other night. And also, you know, I don't know how they could just let these guys keep going. They don't care. They don't care. Only they don't care about when Gregg is. That's right. He had a special deal. He was the untouchable. He should have worked here at QA and he would have been another one of the untouchables. Well, I hope your day gets better. Okay. Good bye. We're willing to buy an hour and five minutes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and vocale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. When you play that commercial about Jimmy Johnson and you say that they haven't changed to be special. Is he talking about corn in the cob any chance? Yes. Yes. All 12 and a half inches long of it. Uh-huh. Well, I was sighted bearer or that wasn't that bad. And I just wanted to put a little bit of a talk. I said that corn sure is special. Oh, 12 and a half inches long. Okay. Thank you. Three months, we don't. I think you're about 12 inches short. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. It's the 12.56 in QA. And the bomb to two hours. Hi, V. I'm going to put on weight of 5, 60, double the QAF. We can sell all day, send them one and a half hours. The bomb to two days of me. But I can't even know what to sell. Now, here's a day and now, 60. Another level of health. You're with me. Hey, hey, welcome to the out of all day and out. We be your sports doctor. We can meet them. I meet my breakfast. What's all with you? You haven't took your sausage. I don't have enough. I feel used man. Chill out, baby. I also have enough not a most share of you. I always keep on having it in case I encounter those Colombians who are killed by water. That's right. I know we'll show up on the golf course one day. He can announce. Did you hear about the need to read us on the world? Joey, seven, seven, seven, seven, all by himself. He should get me a call. I do the job right. Like, Slashon Devil's Hand. Oh, get you devil you. By the way, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the water naturally and raw. I'll give it us the top of doing it in. Of the heaven. Oh, no. No, we can swipe like the water. That's it. What you be talking about? He was our service, didn't you? The other day, I saw what's squatting in the park in the heart. When you got to go, you got to go. Hey, she went all right. In every way. That's right. And she was squatting in different twists and twists and turns and even superdheres. Now I understand. And all this time, I thought I'd be ticking an alligator who's there. Who have be? Who have be? Who have be? That's a pro-man, director. What you want? What do you want? You know, you may act. You know, get out of here and fight for there. Nick, no, not a WQA. Get off your stuff. Get off your stuff. Okay, it's one o'clock in five, 60 WQM. It's our big one to two hours. We tried desperately to find a few marbles. Okay, I had all of my marbles when I walked in the door this morning. Now there's several, I believe, rolling around on a floor. Let's reach down a grab a handful. Okay. By the way, thanks for coming by Jacob. Yeah, Jacob comes to the hockey games every now and then. Yeah, you can come and miss it by me anytime you want Jacob. Not necessarily in that order. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Yeah, we had a really great crowd there on spec Saturday. It was just too bad that it has to turn into a pile of a crap like this with a CDs all screwed up and probably the cassettes too. All the one good thing a lot of people bought the previous years. It was amazing. We're buying the best of them from all kinds of previous years. We did real good on that. But the best of 99, my best advice to you was don't call out there and buy any until we get this thing straight. Now that we had an answer on that yet. No, we got any data for when these things are going to get re-done. No, what the hell is going on here? No. Which confirms my worst gears and nightmares is that this is going to be, you know, and it could happen overnight. Doing the best I can't, that's all I can do. I'm doing the best I can. That golf tournament did we have anything to do with that? No. No. No. No. No. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. This one to fill you in on from, I thought you might be interested in my brother's school. They're making them now where name tags that will be punishable by suspension if you do not wear them. Yeah. Is that right about the Z where that right near the hip boots? It's right in the genital area. I'm already close, but it's I think they should be not listening your time with that and what a face is been the kids and he can't learn. How about feeding the kids lunch and teaching them something and getting some text books? Doesn't sound great. How about we go without to eat every day at a piece of place? How do you like that? He won't stay for food. But also with the meatier son, or was he said the devil made him do what I think in the paper. By the way, did you see about one of his other cult members they found him in the freezer and a locker at Michigan State, a one of the dormitories in the basement? Yeah, he went to the same church that he went through. One of his cult brothers, they found him dead or in a meat locker at Michigan State. Oh, Barton's baby. This is bad for you. Okay, I said fun for the people, mine is. Have a great day, pal. You do. See you. Oh, yeah, Jesse, but sure, he went a little bit farther. Don't you think? No, I think he was right on target. It's so sham for weak-minded people for silly people. Oh, the Lord did this and him, Mary, for the grace. In a goddamn Rudy Giuliani man, you know, one thing we don't have to worry about Hitler coming back to life. We already got him there in New York. We got Ken Jenny and Brad. We got the Rudy Giuliani up there. We got a whole bunch of little Hitler's running around this country. In the case they're not in press of two, we've got we've got Gary Bower. I want to fury Bower's kind of pop of power. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Neil, how are you? Pretty good, sir. Got a question for you. Johnny Bower, yes. You don't believe in God, right? No. And what do you spend so much time fighting in if you don't believe in it? Fighting. Why? Well, you know, you don't say that doesn't exist. Because I feel like it. Let me ask you something. How about all the people that do believe? Why do they spend so much time talking about it? You're right. You're right there. You got me on that. Okay, thank you. Because I feel like expressing an alternative point of view. Okay, that's why sir. In addition to which I wasn't the one that brought it up. I did bring up just even to a big and I'm, uh, meet the press yesterday with Tim Rossert that's bad face piece of turban as red cheeks. I'd be red in the face too after I was going to talk to stupid questions like that. I'm surprised you didn't ask him about the, you know, the holy ghost and all this other crap. See, that's the media for you. It's always the goody two shoes. Even the atheist in the media have to put on this act because then they're acceptable to the masses out there. The asses who are the masses, they have to put on a big act and pretend that they believe this crap too. Tony Bolognese. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, hey Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. Okay, Neil, let's not get a question about the macaroni. I was there for opening night. I enjoyed it. I thought it was okay. Yeah. I have a question. I was also there pre-season for the Tampa Bay game. Yeah. And I noticed that on Saturday night they changed the lights behind the goal. They have the watch lights now. Yeah, we got real goal lights. You can see all over the Ray are we? Oh, yeah, sir. Have you just recently? They just put them in. Okay. So I guess you were instrumental in that. I was absolutely responsible for it. They call them the Neo Rogers Memorial Go Light. That's right. Okay, but at least that we can see when the one the puck, I wish when the light light fell. That's right. All right, Neil. Listen, I don't want to hold you. Have a good day. Thank you. And there's a guy that at least had a good time and saw the goal lights instead of these other people. Let's not. What's what's not to like? It wasn't the most exciting game in the world, but it's opening night. The team looked pretty good. I thought better now is expecting our defense needs a lot of work, but nonetheless Sean birthday great. Ray Whitney was great. Popplberry like I said is worth a price of admission. What's out of these people? What? God, you know, we got so many people in the town. Wouldn't know a good thing if you stuffed it in there. Oh, they still wouldn't have recognized it. Probably think it was an Oscar Meyer Weiner. Wasn't that bad? It was a good start. Got the two points. We'll take it. Thank you. Take the four to one. Leave victory in Montreal too. By the way. Here's a four lottery. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I saw you expect on Saturday and you were a gentleman to me. Yes, I was. I know. And you didn't buy the new CD to the. Yes, we did. And I went to the car to play. I wanted to play the back three toys first. I got 39. That's what I did. Oh, my God. And right after that, go into that handgun. One of things are skipping and spurting and it wouldn't play for you. Go, let's run with it. Hang on to a parallel. Will a stranger for you? I got the year of the state. I apologize profusely. It's okay. I'm sorry. Another thing I wanted to bring up was, um, did you hear about the girl that killed us on nightclub in Miami? Yes, 15 year old girl in my club. There he goes. What should be doing there by the way? That's why we're now the, they have the, on the news today. They have one of the Uncle saying, oh, we're, we're looking to see if they let her into that club. It's, you know, you shouldn't be in an area 50. Did he say, what was it? Did he say anything about her? Did he say anything about her baby? No. Oh, yes. You got a baby too, you know. Oh, that's good. Good. Right. Yeah. But it's not the parents' responsibility to keep her at home at night. It's a nightclub's fault for what I don't go inside the nightclub is now you know, yeah, you'd be making too much sense, man. I know. Okay. Yeah, I take you. Okay. I'm sorry. No problem. We have so many wonderful people come by all-life people. I even didn't mind the guy with the eyes that much, even though you ate them like poison. I mean, they hung around too long. But even he was like rather, uh, benign as opposed to usually malignant. It was if it was a great day. It was two hours that maybe feel almost human again. I mean, there were just lots and lots of living and breathing people. Even Boca Brian was there in spite of his being there. I had a good time. Even he didn't give you depressed. See, and Todd Dreck and Todd Winick, they're that way, and be kind of upset. That was Todd Winick doing there. And then Peter Leonard's right at around number two man at Claire channel. There he is. Number two. I thought they were going to have like a brawler in the middle of the store. That would have been good. And we wound up selling a bunch of cramps. So our wonderful to the people we got, the people who support this program, that the management of the station doesn't care about because they won't lift a goddamn finger to give us anything. Anything. How's that cable? We got that hooked up yet. How's the new phone deal over here? What the 800 lines ain't any, and that's the forget is it done? Did we get any more information about that? No. Anything. Something tangible. A roll of toilet paper. Anything. To give us some indication that this show means something to this freaking goddamn radio station. Anything besides lip service. Nothing. Zippity. Duda. How about a five minutes tension for these two bowels that held us up to such ridicule and embarrassment? Five minutes of peace. Can we get that? No. Five seconds. No. I'm out. I'll be right. I'll be right. Fulcester. They've been breathing that sound this way because I have my nose. In the sand old trees. I have a vacuum. Old jade disease of the record of the chronic gentleman. He made so much he'd be better in two with his rabbit. They'd be called thieves of junk. He'd be a folk snack. Me, how I played a girlfriend, have an enduroble finish for two of the better than anything with spones drugs that my clothes and pearls in the fridge will take. I feel so much that it could come all over you, little jade. You're not sure to click your hand. You'll be taking it with me. Don't tell me anything. Yeah. We're a poor part of it. Don't worry. I kind of don't find out. I'm going to go over your last old jade disease. You can't employ that position. Oh man. It's 114.056.005.60. We're on the 18th T line. Here's a mobile at home. I want to get crucified. All right. I'll pray for you, sir. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Okay. I got a quick Ken Jenny's therapy. Yes. I just applied for BSO to be a police officer there. And I fill out my application form. Everything was in order. Everything was well done professionally. A week later, I get a reply saying that my name has been removed from further consideration. Due to the fact that I've put I smoke weed twice in high school. Oh my God. And that was over four, actually five years ago. Yeah. And you have to lie, man. You have to lie. You can't lie. You have to lie. I just served four years in the Coast Guard on a elite child in a cotix term. So, you know, they're judging my mobile captain when I did, you know, in high school. So, I call the oxygen charge recruitment. And I go, you know, what's the problem here? And he's like, you know, you follow our setter standards. Yeah, you're a pothead. Yeah. Exactly. I go, you know, who's standards of evening? We go to the sheriff's ten Jenny's. So, uh, that's ten Jenny's. That's all I got, you know. Probably did you big favor, man? Good luck. Thank you, man. I like that. The man that put the BS in the BS, Oh, a pinch Jenny. Don't want those weed people. Those potheads, smoke your couple of pin joins, would a clearance promise a few years ago? Well, you know, pin joint pinhead. That's can Jenny. Greatest fascist we ever had. He makes all the rest of me makes Nick de Varral look like a great guy. Mission now. You know what I want here? Here's the rail. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. I was at the factory. Oh, no. Okay. Listen, it was great. You were great. Actually, the problem was I live in home Steady's your wallet away from home. Oh. And I was, you guys, with the key for Chuck Dersy on. I don't remember me, but. Right. Of course. Okay. And it was great things for time in the picture and everything like that. But you bought the seating. I did. I did. I got, uh, I got home. Everything was great. Until the Britney Spears, I came on a start of skipping around like crazy. Oh. And that's my favorite. I went out. No, you know. On top of the fact that all the way up to home Steady and the key chains were there. Mm-hmm. But other, not it was worth it. In addition to which we got people going to the specs all over town. And, uh, you know, they don't have the disc either. It's just another part of the disaster. I, you know, I have to ask myself, why do I get involved in this area? What do I keep doing this? I mean, it's a great charity. I gave a big check my own on Saturday. But why do I do this? You know, well, what's the point? It was a very, a lot of a great, a great event. It was one of the best I've ever had. A place was packed. Right. Packed out of group packing. Yeah. But thanks again. We'll just hang out with what we'll replace it for. Okay. Sounds good. Please. Thanks. Oh, yes. I'm getting ready to do a tough. I am. I'm going to ready to do a tough right here. I can't deal with this. I mean, you know, if it would have been a bad turn out or something, it'd maybe like five people would have shown up, and they all turned out to be a bunch of jerks or something. Then you who the hell cares, you know? But it was one of our all-time best appearances. We had a Zillion people. Some of them driving from as far as Fort Myers coming over here. I, oh, we haven't heard from them yet. Can you imagine? And I got news for it. They're not going to be driving back from Fort Myers to swap their CD. Left to do it by mail. And we'll pay the postage. As the nightmarish just continue here at WCWM, the source of continuous never-ending embarrassment. You got to admit one thing, post. We may not be good, but at least we're consistent. We're consistently embarrassing. You got the golf tournament. You got the, you got it all. Then you got a pig real career or two. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Thanks for the order of specs with dynamite and the skiddy CD skips. So I guess there's going to be a, I'm like, what do you do to me? 560, 50560, pound, five60 on the AT. Who the hell are you kidding? Okay, call back up on a sports show. This D from Hollywood, okay, Jackass. They're not on the AT. You only call like 4,000 times a day. They're a little slow. Those people at screen, the calls on a sports show. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You're talking about the school issue last week. How bad the schools are. I just found out that you don't even need a master's degree to become a teacher here. All you need is an undergraduate degree. I think all of these BS. And I think that's a major, I mean, you see how easy anyone could go, based, go get an undergrad degree. It's not that far. Obviously. I mean, you see some of the teachers that they interview on television. These people are so illiterate that they shouldn't even let them in the building. Much less I haven't teaching. Yeah, and it's just a shame that. I mean, these people don't even, I read an article where this teacher, I don't know what County will be slower. She was, she was grading these papers. The parents all complained that she'd rated the paper totally incorrect. Everything was wrong. She thought, she thought, it's total bitch. Right. Stupid, stupid people we haven't been looking for. Right. I thought I got you. Okay, if you want a good education man, hit the border. That's all I can tell you. See you. Like this one, I'm coming to work. And there are these big fat and teo mama type school bus drivers. She's, she's pulling up on the other side. I'm coming east on Ives Dairy and she's going west in the school bus. Throw that school up there by a P.P. park. And she's, she's, she's, she's breaking and she's got the wings of the stop sign wings of, but the problem is, she's still zooming along. She had them out for a block and a half and the rest of us on the other side of the street because there's no device, you know, there's no median in the road. So you got to stop. We're like, well, we're going to have to stop. We're not, who'd have known those? And to make a long story short, we didn't stop on that side because she's going like a block and a half with her stop wings out. And it's going to be a little bit of a little bit of a nap till I lean on the horn. But you know, when you're that big in fact, like Jesse Ventura says, including me, all you fat people like me, move away from the table. And he's supposed to apologize for that too. This is the fattest country in the world. 50% of us are obese fat on healthy, dying from fat. And because he had the nerve to say that, that also makes it a bad guy. He then bastard. Balled, he then bastard. Here's Tampa, hello. Tampa. Hello. Going once. Okay, they're not there. First I thought it was the phone line and just to them. Why do you know what I always say? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing? Okay. It's one of the graduates on the least win over my much-all community. Mr. Goley, Skull, baby. Who you're playing great? Oh man. And even when I bet in fact, Corey Cross that they just picked up on defense. Corey played a pretty good game. I taped it. I saw the entire thing. Yeah. I think much of I still need to pick up. I mean, you got to come on with it. If you guys win 15 games, you'll be lucky. I was looking at the green sports show on the preview. And it tells you that. Yeah. I think it's much of finishing 20 hits or 25. Whatever. I finished about 45th in a pretty team league. I mean, I think the most people made so much money. And every year something you're wrong. They lost $3.8 million in that arena last year because they got to pay almost $12 million taxes. And that's why those Canadian teams are screaming with a government trying to get that lottery money. And they're all losing their ass. Yeah. That's what I'm going to say. Hopefully, strong. Good enough to represent Canada. Yes. I think I say all the way this year. Maybe I don't care what those naysayers are saying about the American 97 points again. And they over achieved last year. They got all these young kids Mike Johnson and Stevie Sullivan and all these young guys. They're going to be even better this year. They got another year of experience out of their boat. I hope so. When you go and then catch a game. I'll go in up. What am I going to Toronto? Yeah. Soon as possible. I think tomorrow's done. Have a great day, pal. All right. Go East. That's what foster hit would say. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Warnos line. Here's a mobile in Pepper Pine. Hello. New. Yes sir. Jacob. How are you doing sweetheart? Pretty good. I'm fine. I want to say thank you for the autographs. You did buy the new CD. Did you buy the new CD? Of course. I didn't hear what was going on. I did buy the new CD. What was your name? I'm going to say thank you for the autographs. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to say thank you. I'm going to say thank you. I'm going to say thank you. I have a sitting here in front of me. I'll let all the pins on your CD. I'm going to get them repressed. I'm going to give them a seat. I'll come and see you in time. All right. I'll give a CD. I'll get them. Okay. There is a wonderful young man right there. I can't tell you how wonderful. He's just a good guy. The fact that he looks good. I mean, he's at me. He's a good guy. 560, 560, 560. We had so many good people. I said we had wonderful people. These people want to see us. They want to see us. They love me. They love their show. They might even buy us most of the listeners. They're all the parts of this radio station. Maybe. And what do we do again? Again, we give people a chef. We just got through giving them a chef. That's stupid. Gobblerman and embarrassing a whole bunch of people. And putting some sponsors. Now we're giving them the chef. What he's crappy CDs. Which George tells me, by the way, they said overseas for the CDs. They got to press by so much of illegal aliens. Probably a Kathy Lee's plant. Probably in a sweatshup somewhere in God, then Latin America. With Kathy Lee that bitch. God. How many ways can you say? I'm sorry. How many ways can you say that? I'm sorry. I'm humiliated. I'm more defined. I'll tell you one thing. I'm getting used to it. Because I work here. When you work in this radio station in Berr, when you wake up in the morning, you're embarrassed. Here's a mobile info lottery. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Question about the mini dish. How do you get the local channels? Is there a few of them? You don't. No, not at all. Now, somebody would call the 20 you should imagine that. Because somebody called a week or two ago. Right. And said that they had some kind of a package coming out where you're going to get the local network of affiliates too. Because see, they took the network of affiliates off. If you didn't pick up your local channels, you can't get them. Right. But they said that they're going to put the local affiliates on there. Which would mean you wouldn't need to cable it all anymore. Okay. We got to go to a treat. All of us would say great. Right. Okay. Good enough. You're going to say, got across the street. It's got one. I across the streets got a dish. And he's got some kind of a special antenna. I haven't seen it yet. But he picks up all the local stuff with. I don't know. Feel my buddies just picked up some of this dish. So I thought, no, if you need any more of the kind of that special antenna to the local stuff. What do you know, when you have you bought this yet? No, I have on myself. Now, when you're going to get one, when you talk to whoever you have installed a for you. Just tell them, because I think that they've got like a little it's just a small antenna that they put on the depending on where you live. Or that they put right, uh, they attach it to the dish. Oh, right. Okay. That's all you need to pick up your local channels and you can kiss the cable goodbye. There you go. All right. Thanks. Okay. See, which is always a great feeling when you kiss the cable goodbye. Hmm. Next week, I get excited. Just thinking about it. And of course, if you have that small dish, you would have seen all the football games yesterday. Like I said, there were some bad ones. Pretty exciting ones. How about Mike Dicca, huh? Too bad Mike. Oh, my god. Talk about a blow job. Even Monica would have embarrassed. Bariscoer 14 is where two touchdowns like in the last minute and a half whatever was. And beat the warlands and Mike is there slamming his head set on the ground. Nice going Mike. Calm down. What is a Buffalo film? Absolutely. These are gentlemen. These are rainbow foreign fights. Oh, you. John Rambo still alive. I want to make movies for him five. My life is going great. I'll be with broke. I'll afford to delete. I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why my penis ended never ever grew. Rambo 2 was in 85. Leigh. Rambo 3 was in 88. True. And true is. My god. I did not make these movies with my son. He gave me stage. He was in Rocky 5 and daylight. The tunnel movie. A little big cashies. What I mean. I got to get a note from the pilot. I got to have a number of movies. Or Broadway show like that. I get nobody at the top. And we're still good. I guess I understand. My whole life is about two caveins. All I got left is gentlemen. I'm going to take the blame. Ladies and gentlemen. I need to make Lambo 4 and 5. I get out. So call me up. I really need to script. I can do dialogue. Keep it. The light comedy. Action. And drama. The deal. I will not do some sex with a lover. So give me a break. For goodness sake. I used to be an offer. Now I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one-man show on both tipsy. I used to play on the running point tipsy. I was from Billy Cashies. What I mean. I got to get a note from the pilot. I got to have a number of movies. Or Broadway show like that. I mean. I get somebody at the top. I play on the edge. It was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is gentlemen. I'm going to play with. That's why I'm leading gentlemen. I need to make them all boring. I'm so lonely. 133 or 562wc. I'm here today. Ridiculous. The CEO guy. The CEO guy. Whoever he is. So you're a maple leaf fan in a panther fan. That's because you're still soft on your childhood team. Let me tell you what that means. I'm not soft. I'm a heart about my childhood team. And my lifelong team. The bills were also your hometown team. Like I'm from Buffalo, my from Buffalo. Oh, I wasn't Bill's fan in the early years when they were new old A film when I lived up there in Batavia. And now you come across as a dolphin fan. I'm a dolphin fan. I'm going to have that I say that. Please give us your thoughts on the games outcome. I think your interest in the fluity come back as a hometown guy. And would hate to see a skin fluity event. So I'd like to see a skin fluity event. But now with anybody playing in that game tonight. Maybe with Jacob. How do you like that? I think the bills are going to kick their ass. How do you like that? So I'm sure it'll make you happy. Because I think that the whole league is, I mean, they found parody. All right, they got media equity. You watch those games like that. Media, oh, I mean, real crap. And if Jimmy thinks that these guys are something special. Oh, just remember that they struggled. They just barely squeaked by a horrendous, aggro, test Arizona team. Would Jacob Plummer, who threw 120 interceptions in that one game. Something like that? Uh-huh. They're a joke. They're worth in a joke. I'm a come across as a dolphin fan. In addition to which I'm not a fan either. One of the teams, I like the Patriots, baby. I like what they suck to talk about squeaking by a girls team like that game yesterday. Unbelievable. Pathetic performance. Here's my Andy. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I saw me depressed yesterday. Yes. And, uh, you know, I tend to vote Republican all the time. But I, you know, something I meet you right in the middle when it comes to Jesse Venture because I think he's fantastic. Yes, he is. You know, somebody nice to hear somebody, they just call it like he says. He's a little bit politically correct bullcraft or. Right. And he said that he said it's so easy to get the bull and click a right answer. Right. And I was wrong with career politician. Mm-hmm. I mean, you look at tail hook, right? Do you remember that the answers? They just, this media keeps trying to nail him left and right. He tried to twist what he was really trying to say. Right. And you know something, they just, I don't know. I'm just fed up with career politicians. I mean, you know, Republican Party, and Bob Dole, that man, this time you're running out of gold or Bill Bradley, no offense. They just don't have too much terrorism and, you know, right. I don't know. But if, if, how much George W. He's, he's just as exciting as they are. No, you know, some know, I'm tired of the establishment next. I'm tired of just status quo. I'm tired of just, okay, what the lobby is think or that's what's wrong. We need to draft Jesse before it's too late. I don't know how you get a minute. I mean, he said colon power is going to be his running mate. Oh, you know, my co-packs to push with that one. I have a colon problem. Yeah. I don't know how you get him in the race, but I tell you what, you know, that they'll, he's a breath of fresh air. It's nice to hear somebody call the, like you see, then just as a noble crap, this is what we need to do. Amen. All right. And I'll pray for us. See you. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, sing. Oh, the Lord, the good Lord. You got a burden, hell yeah, right. Same old, tired crap from silly superstitious people. Just like the guy in the meat locker, Michigan State, just like the meatiest underworld with the knife and his neck. These crazy, crazy people, drinking their cool lead, cool lead, shaving their nuts off, chopping their nuts off. They're getting eaten, they're tapioca, putting etc. I will, I'm keep my eye on Joe Costello. I'll be surprised that he's in the cult. Isn't that what they say that guys in cult star park, shaving off the shaving their nuts off? Here's a mobile and tamarack, hello. Oh, no. Yes. I got two questions. Number one would hockey. What is the story with Harry Sinden? Does he want to win or is he looking to produce the stories? You know, something, I even as much of a cheap prick as he is. I am so excited that the guy that this year, they finally got together and they stopped paying the big bucks to these because hockey was going to go the same way as baseball and all these other sports and basketball. It was turning into a joke and they finally got together and I said, you know what, you want all that money? Too bad. Go sit on your ass. Just like in my career, that sparks rough an Edmonton. They offered him a million dollars a year and he didn't want to take it and Glenn Fader says, you know what? I hope you enjoy your retirement, Mike. I mean, they didn't shine the meaty crisp, crisp ditches. Obviously it is collusion with the whole league. You think they're showing the foe? I mean, he's a key man for them. We have him, they don't make the play. You know something? The sooner or later you have to put your foot down. I leave it to a cheap prick like Harry Sinden to be the one to do it. Nobody squeezed it more than Harry. That's right. Another thing, man. And by the way, the leaves in the bronze tonight. I know. Another thing, this is an out the story. I just got back from public, you know, the lotter was down yesterday. Yeah, right. It's unbelievable. So I go in there and I'm waiting online. If there's some reason, everybody online. And once a bilateral is over the year of death. And they all got, why do they have to go up with the cards with them? They're all right. Oh, I think that's a me. And a lady sticks a mug. And she wants to know the numbers. And she's writing, this is great. She's writing the numbers of the lotter on a coupon. She sticks a hat. So I stick my hat right now. I say, she's late. You know, I'm a hater. What are you doing? She don't even answer me. She's just for you. I gave her a big party. And that was that. Oh, I'm pretty. Please. Okay. You've got to take it. Hey, maybe I'll play it off the best of seed. It'll like that for no extra charge. Now, I'll play Britney Spears if I can find that disco over here. If we're more didn't lose it in the middle of a potchkins. You know, there was no need for that. But you don't worry. I'll never have it again. Remember, because you'll ever use this room again. Too bastard. You're gonna be a little bit better. You feel me that you love my eye. But I know that you keep on checking out my eye. I play you because I'm very cute. You can't help my breath. You're broken now, my love's at you. It comes on to me. And it's the same thing that I need. And it's the same thing that I need. But if you wanna take me, you know. That thing's about me. I don't think you know. I'm on the way. You're sure that you're me. But you could go to jail if you leave with me. You're a little bit better. You're a little bit better. You're a little bit better. You're a little bit better. You're a little bit better. You're a little bit better. You're a little bit better. You're a little bit better. You're a little bit better. You're a little bit better. You're a little bit better. You're a little bit better. You're a little bit better. And I've got two things running now. Oh my gosh. She's a little bit better. She's a little bit better. You should be scared or hurt. Yeah, there's no road in those great things. I'm dying of time. I'm dying of time. She's looking my body fine. I'm seeing this just the five of she's just the team. 145 is five sixty wqm your home of never ending psychosis and embarrassment humiliation degradation and they love it. Here's pepper pine. You don't need a great first off. I want to say you know it's great senior on Saturday's specs. I didn't realize what you would argue out on my CD point until I got home. I don't want to lost to myself. What did I write? Can the cane blow? Oh yeah, right. Yeah, you remember me? I don't know if you remember. I was like the second guy in line. Right. That's right. This is a great weekend. Not only you know the canes, you know, I'm not even worried about them, but I'm seeing Steve Square loose. I love that. I saw the idea. You know, if you ever looked there, does it look like he's Constitated when he's on the sideline? He's not a smelly. I mean, really. I mean, he looks like he's just kind of like this grossing look. He isn't up noxious guy. I cannot, you know. You know, a lot of those Spartans 49 to 3. You know what? Tommy Brady there for Michigan, even though I don't like Michigan, but that's my boy Tommy Brady. That's my boy Tommy Brady. That's a game. Another day, almost lost. Yeah. They had to say had to call him the Vatican again. You could see that at the end of the game. They had to call him. That's okay. They got him pinned back there and they're on two year line. They'd ride 98 yards. You know, with sticks. I've found Jesus. Right. For him. Exactly. Oh, you know, I got a report for you on Saturday night. I know you didn't probably watch, you know, probably, I'll even watch the show. But the house, sir, show on CBS. No. You will love it. They very end of the show. They had, they had, whatever. One of his idiots out there on the golf course, chasing OJ with a microphone. He's got a knife with them and everything like that. No, J is getting all man. No, J grabbed the microphone. He wouldn't let him, wouldn't let go of it. And the microphone too. And yeah, so he got the Ranger out there and the Ranger City couldn't leave. You know, I mean, he can force him to leave. Because it's a public horse. So he was all picked off and it all fit. Exactly. So it was great. But Tommy, just put it this way. Nobody with a brain. No decent person wants anything to do with it. Nobody wants to be with him. 10 miles in. Yeah. But I mean, it is fun. You know, just to screw around with him. Stuff like that, you know, just to like that. I wouldn't want the guys out of here. I can't believe people were actually asking. I don't want to be fun to put up on a crucifixie. Be kind of fun. You know, and, you know, but, all right, now, I love the city except the parts that don't work. But I'll just hang on to what we'll swap it. Okay. The city or I think. See, yeah. Okay. We'll swap it for you. You knew him. MSCD2. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. MSCD2. When you survey, there's no available spots or other stations as your agent been actively seeking other spots. Or, I mean, my agent is as useless as breasts on a bull frog. Yeah. And I just want that's why I'm here today, sir, because my agent is busy thinking, pretending that he's a sports agent, that he's a, he's a, he's a wannabe. My agent, my lawyer, good friend, nice guy. But as his useless as breast on his microphone. I just hope you want to keep people with 100. And, um, listen, another thing with, uh, as far as Chris wars concerned, you don't know what he's doing now, do. No. No. All right. I'll call him. I'll probably, uh, play him with it right now. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Christine and more, they want to know about. How do you like that? We're seeing you having it over Spraydown. They want to know about more on. And he's by reports on the jigs from the other night. I didn't hear it, of course, being at the arena myself. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Carl Springs, hello. You know, they just see the front page of the Sun Sentinel today, but this new college, the Patrick Henry College. Yes. Isn't that good? Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. So come on, because he called someone. Who put the urgente into finding and building the public that things have  lyrics that might hit away with his ores. His Republican privacy is in direct. Your Republican privacy is in direct, so he's busy with their Scriptures, saying that they are going to need someone that thought that they are going to need. It might just not judge anybody like that. But I know they're going to actually comprehend what they want, on graduate time. That's a limiting point when you talk about leadership and the speech about growth in the nation itself. And so much about $1.5 ... 560, 560 on the AT&T line.