Sports Radio 560 WGQAM Miami-Poor Waterdale presents the Neal Rogers Show Welcome to Neal 0560 560. We're eating brown and pork pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of the OBS callers are anyone else on the show? Not necessarily. We're playing on OBS. The Neal Rogers Show. The Neal Rogers Show. The Neal Rogers Show. The Neal Rogers Show. The Neal Rogers Show. The Neal Rogers Show. The Neal of Sports Radio 560 QA. And where is the Neal of Public Service? The Neal. The representative of the IACC. The International Association of Coal and Cowboys. We ask the citizens across America to donate whatever you can to start an alternative club to the Boyd Scouts of America. The Congress of the Caribbean will give young men an opportunity to experience the fun and camaraderie of exciting outdoor activities, budget sailing, camping and night favorite, weanie roasting. Give them a chance. Give what you can. Thank you. In my way to this my favorite sales whole John Pinnis. Not but anyway, before we talk about the Boyd Scouts, I just want to mention I want to make an admission on your. Okay, it's best update because it's the dog days of the summer. It is nobody here anyway. When I was young, I did steal a freight train. Okay. Huh? Well, what's wrong with that? I think slowly but surely we ought to start like this and up to the really serious things that we've done wrong. I still in fact twice. I still are freight train. Not the same freight train. Never make the same mistake twice. Court strikes, Scouts, Gay Band. I don't know where to start today. We got that show Griffin thing. We have 10 or 20 people out there. I'm just in the cast and over the morning by the fault. Because the radio stuck on at the spot on the dial where they think that I'm still on on Zade in the morning something like that. I want to say so. And it's an interesting talk about that psychic thing again. Who did I see downstairs when I walked into this building this morning? My favorite psychic. Oh, I'm going to Griffin from the psychic deck network. And I said, we're lonely $50 million. Will you please? I can't get away from you sweetheart. Air v. 30 seconds you're on there. This woman owns much music. She's on her air currently tweeters and low and behold comes to find out that Mr. Ripple off. I don't want to say Paul Castro Nova. Everyone would rip off anybody's material. I'm lying. I can tell she's going to get a hold up. But he's ripping her an ass on the air this morning is if he's got some reason of anybody in that. I'm about to suck in that work. Wonder where Paul got that. He's as you know, the rumor is I'm a told me that when Paul farted smells like somebody else is. That's the rumor that I said, yeah, there you go. That's go Henry's. That was one of mine. Seriously, nothing original from this clown. So evidently, they got wind of it on Par 96, so to speak. And she'll Griffin be in the tough broad that she is and more power to her. She called him up on the air this morning. Maybe we'll have a spy reported to him. Is that one? No. No. We had two spy reports in the building already. By the way, thank you so much Joe already earned his jet stop and tickets. This letter, this is one of the great letter. What is this from? Where is this in? You all USA did it. They'll find out. He don't know. Now, it's from USA did it. It's on the other side. One of the great letters did it ever written. So anyway, Schrode Griffin calls in the defender's self against the scorerless attack. It says to cast it over. Also, you never, you know, indoor state thing that you don't, aren't the stuck enough to do what was that? Someone who didn't know when to shut up. Oh, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. I thought he was a good friend of yours. Oh, it wasn't remember. So at any rate, no, no, it's fiery force on that. Look at that. That was one. It was a fiery forper than in a while. He was screaming and screaming. We're not long enough to say. Please hold. I would just want to put him on hold. Screaming in my ear. Oh, it was probably Paul. I can't imagine. See, I think it goes to sure that either nobody is listening to us right now, which I doubt because I know my friend Helen was listening over there. Can't the other net probably nobody else or nobody is listening to cast or nobody is listening to us. I don't think so. There's no way to get over any more. They're all listening to the Howard. I reckon, spot it. Oh, put it on. Just put him on hold. Don't talk to him. Just put him on hold. Is this that the loud mouth I won't shut up? Hello? Oh, and then you didn't do it. Oh, there is a god after all. You didn't reboot the phone, eh? So here we are. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I was going to have to call back a third time. It'd be probably will. You've turned. Time is a charm. Yeah, I want to get a couple of spiry ports on here. I'll grab him just relax. You just sit in there and bond with Joe, okay? WQAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, he's caught this here. You're really bad. Did you? So you didn't hear cast or over this morning? Okay, get out of here. These politicians are, it's not, I don't want to hit these boring to all that, sir. WQAM, cast or over line? Uh, you want to know about the cast and other things? Yes, what did this real difference say? Uh, well, Paul and Ron started dead. They talked to some guy this morning who, uh, who called up some news guy. I don't know. I'm not from the area, but I caught it. Some guy that was all. You wish, guy? Uh, some news guy. Hey, news guy. He said, yes, guy. Some guy named Cliff. And, uh, probably not the young one guy, but the, uh, some news guy anyway. And he was talking about, uh, the air, they still more crap from your show on every day. He starts talking about, uh, gay, uh, boys count. And, uh, and of course, the 12, of course, both another piece of your material out of his hat. He says, uh, oh, next thing you don't really like the priest in the boys guy. Oh, my god, are you? Yeah, yeah. Oh, for a crazy, sick. I've been in the church. Yeah. I've been in the church. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, we're going to say, uh, he starts talking about that. And then all of a sudden, they got something. So the thing, like Cliff, you know, I started talking about the psych thing of people, and ripping people off of me. And Ron Brower had made a comment about some fat person and door thing at him. Boom, she called in. And then Ron jumped on her ass and she started saying, uh, well, you know, you don't pick money. Some people just, uh, just, uh, you know, on your show anyway, you don't do voiceovers. And you don't make money off of that. He says, no, man, my don't. I'm just a news guy here. And she says, oh, you're just this because you don't have any money. Yeah. So I'm small. Oh, and all of a sudden, uh, Ron started, uh, you know, he started getting a little fight to there and started saying, you know, I'm not, I think money from people from people like that. They're honest people. They're your listeners. You know, he's supposed to respect him. He says, you must, uh, say, let's take a look at your ratings book. That's why you're listening to our show trying to get the material. And, uh, all of a sudden, this big black guy, probably a big guy named Ben got on the radio and said, you're going to come with it. I'm coming all the way up. Oh, you know, it was wrong. Yeah. Well, it was, uh, some guys feel what they get to work with her. Yeah. And, uh, you got on the phone. He was trying to chew around a new hat and fall quick and hung up on her. So that was the whole thing. Why is there still, she'll say, Carlos, on him next to being big trouble. Yeah. Well, that's the quick note. If anybody tells anything else, I, uh, something to afford you one big shabang. Unfortunately, they're for like 15 years, man. You're the best. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you. Thanks for the good news. Nice going. You've all Griffin. Okay. Oh, stick it to a man. I'm so sick and tear to that rip off artist. I feel sorry for you, people that have to listen to him in the morning. I know that Joe listens to him and know that George was in the school, not, no, you were defending him last year. Last year, I said he went by default. It took that listen to KPX. Yeah. Everybody knows that. Right. There he is. The best in other words, you can't listen to the 19 in a breaks on Howard Show. The C. P's actually on ear. See, here. I wanted this is an amazing bulletin. Okay. I've just discovered even where those gigantic numbers. This means even more credit to the tremendous publicity machine behind Howard. He's not even on the air. No, he and Robert are both van Moes. They're there. Show is even on air anymore. They're just run the spots. And people put down that they're listening because they keep. I mean, you think we got long commercial breaks on this station. And he's been on three times since he's been on ear. What is that? Three or four years he's been on down here. Who the hell? I mean, what kind of material could be that great that anybody would listen to listen to a 19 in a commercial break? There were on a 19 minute break in between dikes. Here's a mobile in Miami Lakes rhymes with breaks, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You got me with my mouth full. Me too. Little man. Cochopper diner by the way. Oh, I wanted to spy report. El Goldstein last night on what's his name show, Conan O'Brien. You know, I heard you say it's I stayed up, especially late just to watch it. Funny. It's glory. Oh, man. He was he was feeling under the desk at a were what the space is crotch. I mean, incredible. Yeah, he told me he has a great desire to give oral sex to Conan O'Brien. He told me that. I mean, he came out and said it. Yeah, he said he said, oh, I'm in this bar. And I see you see you. I risk I sit over there. You know, drink your brains out and be like, yeah, all right, sure. You know, and I got no more Alice so desperate when you get to be about 8,000 pounds. Like he has he'd have sex with a bumblebee if it would stay still long enough. You know, he said everything in the book. The only thing he didn't say was that he was a fag. I mean, yeah, you know, he says four wives his homes all over. He said, oh, man. You know, you know, first time I've ever seen Conan get embarrassed he goes, yeah, my, what are my homes over an Amsterdam? I go there to smoke, hashing, get high. I mean, it's the audience. Oh, right. Great. The audience went crazy. Yeah. It was a lot of the time. He's a stuffed shirt anyway. You know, some drunken Irishman. Well, listen, thanks for the report, pal. Love it man. Don't forget, it's full Griffin for president. Oh, free psychic readings for all. That's what I say. And Shirley Peters for vice. Oh, really, tweeter. Well, that's really something. Now that they would have started it on her, that I might have agreed. But it's for Griffin. She's my hero. Come on. Loan us $20 million. Go just for the weekend. Just so we had go out and have a good time. But all of me forget about that channel. Seven, the video of the raid on the swing club. You before you die, you must see that story on channel seven. And of course, channel seven, you know, would show that over and over again. It was right after Brian Andrews was, you saw the bubbles coming up. Fred and say cheese. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death the one thing you have to depend on is your car with two canoe theft on the rise. The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Carilard. Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my accord of the hell. You think and the ass. Remember when we used to boost the back of Carilard, we ought to get along the fish, maybe. Right once you call them. Get away from my accord of the hell. You think and the ass. What the hell is that? I object seriously. He's a professional like that. I think somebody's got to get away from my accord of the hell. You think and the ass. You think and the ass. You think and the ass. Whenever some fast tries to steal my car, I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my accord of the hell. You think and the ass. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Carilard now. And receive a free flower in dinner. Get away, get away, get away from my accord of the hell. You think and the ass. And old Jewish guy named Isaac Carilard. I will be available. It all there is stories. By the way, apologies. But better late than ever. I got a reclum. Remember we had a request for that yesterday and forgot all about it. Now let's see. We could go to Tuesday we had a request. It's coming out here. It is. You're welcome. Courts drive scouts gay ban. How do you like that? I'm back to some of the people out there don't like it. Some of those right wing fundamentalists. They're going. Oh, and they don't even know what it means. They said this feels your old backwards. New Jersey jurists say, I was dervivalated anti bias law. Trent and New Jersey. Ever been to Trent and by the way. Oh my god. Wow. Seriously. You're a little bit scared. And then something stinks so bad. You just want to scream. You're sure that Adam from sales. Not out. Not the Jewish Adam the other Adam. I don't want to. I don't want to do anything. He's a good guy. They're both good guys. But you know, they Adam I'm talking about that as a real. The foul problem. Your positive that he must be nearby when he gets Trent. Good guy. Bad ball problem. Equating to voice got to America with public accommodation such as restaurants, library, schools and theaters. The New Jersey Supreme Court on Wednesday ruled that the organization's 1990 Expulsion of a gay assistant Scott Master violated the state's anti discrimination law. In a seven to. decision. The court first rejected the Boy Scouts argument set it as a private organization. And that it's decision to remove the assistant Scott Master James Dale was protected by the first amendment. The court also dismissed the scouts contention that homosexuality is immoral, comparing that argument with discrimination against women and blacks. After concluding that deals this missile was based on. On a little more than prejudice, keep justice Deborah Ports declared the sad truth is that excluded groups and individuals have been prevented from full participation in the social economic and political life of our country. The human price of this bigotry has been enormous at a most fundamental level adherent to the principally of equality. The man's there are legal system protective victim of invidious discrimination. The court of opinion, just as Alan Handler, who was widely considered the court's staunchest liberal, said he agreed with much of his colleague's legal reasoning. Then Handler, who is retiring after this term, concluded his 44 page opinion with something of a sociological and philosophical lecture. One particular stereotype that we renounce today is that homosexuals are inherently immoral handler-wrote. What if Justin heard that? That myth is repudiated by decades of social science data that convincing the established that being homosexual does not in itself, derregate from unsubility to participate in and contribute responsibly and positively the society. In short, a lesbian and gay person merely because he or she is a fact is no more or less likely to be moral than a person who is heterosexual. The case of Dale who is now 29 is the second one to reach the state-sized court, but the New Jersey result is the opposite of the outcome of the earlier case that wounds in California. And of course, it's going to go to the Supreme Court because the boy scouts, they're pissed off. And we know those are facts in the scouts, right? There's no facts in the scouts anymore than there's facts in the church or any other goddamn place. So only a couple of radio guys, and that's it. 560, 50560, pound-560 on the mobile one line. I realize that nobody cared the other day when I brought up the thing about the swing clubs again. And more I think about it, I think that we are in the tiny minority, by the way. I think we're on the odd people out on this. George and yours truly. He goes to my just defend him. It's like it's listening to a same with pot. He smokes that I just defend his right to do it. See, I hate you. You're lucky I'm here to defend all the aberrant things that you do. I'll tell you that. That's right. That's all facts. It's a damn good thing. Well, your bags, okay, with me even though I'm not enjoying my bag. I'm squeezing it. In fact, it's running over right now. Thanks for the way again to the corporate diner right behind Chilies near Pompito Park up there. 6300 power line rodent for Larderdale. Fat boy brought in some of good food this morning. Some sandwiches without the bread. And thanks to them. Yeah, Fat boy, I came in this morning and said, you know, how much can I be happy to buy your dolphin bills tickets from you? How much you want for him? And I just tap and I have my season dolphin to get an incredible parking pass is right over here. And I reach over because I am such a nice guy. See, I don't hate Fat boy like you do. As I've tried to say many, many, many times on the air. I'm not a hard ass like George. I happen to be a damn nice guy. And spite of the, no, seriously, I happen to be a great guy. I'll tell you that myself, even though I did steal a freight train as a child. In fact, I still have it in my backyard. My dogs go in the sports court. He on a twice a day. But at any rate, no, so I just reached over to the a bunch of tickets and I got to the bills, the dolphin tickets there. And I ripped them out and I took the parking pass out of the purple parking pass thing. And I handed to him. I said no charge here you go. How do you like that? And he was like almost speechless, almost speechless. I would say Fat boy, who probably because George hates him like poison. Thanks that I hate him too. And I all I did was say, you know, you're, you're well, you know. And that was that. Fat boy. Oh, you didn't even know that I did that you were out of the room. You would have you also right he's he's by average on the great on the guy I saw what they say in highly moved up several not he I hear these stopped by over there a few times Yeah, he's moved the fat boy just by doing nothing not by doing anything positive just by standing still Which for him is easy the fingers stay up upright but Just by not doing anything he moved up several watches on the list and ourselves the problem once we got caught wreck And then once John Pina started regressing. The John Pina's used to be pretty good guy used actually services account He just brought me in a piece of coffee. I want to apologize to Adam Souverstein by the way Because you've been replaced very quickly for the worst piece of copy and his view of the human race He just brought me in a new order because he brought in any copy is because screw-and was up here about an hour ago and I was going I thought I thought it's like a bunch of kindergarten kids, and you have to listen to it on them. There's a sales manager and she has to go down there and book them into the ass a couple of times which uh... and then all of a sudden they can run up here oh here's a new copy for you know so it's a that one too and you take a look at it what they've done is taken the old stale copy that's been in there for five months and they've you know moved a couple of sentences around and put a period where a common used to be okay here's you new copy we sure hope the client gets great results from this so between times reckoned john penis fat boys looking better by the minute so i gave him this bills tickets we try to want to talk by the way about that thing about giveaways on the show because last november is when i stopped in early in november i stopped doing giveaways we had a great a tremendous fall book we had a spectacular winter book and amazingly we recovered from a horrible April to have a tremendous spring book three kick ass books in a row on his show after we stopped giving crap away on the air of course we probably do have a lot now i did give joe castella the jets that's the last game of the season the jet stop and tickets and the parking pass were same but i had the other one sitting here now and i think we will discuss that today whether i should give away to some of these free loaders or i should give them the joe castella because he's a good guy and also brought me this great letter the editor wait wait till i read this this is this may be the most important thing but nevertheless so getting back to channel seven in the stinger the trepies is that the name of that swing club trapeze to or trans one of them yeah yeah well that's the one they were showing and uh... this was the bs all wow i'm doing watching mtv on the side okay there are a little number there on the beach uh... like that i'm sorry just looked at the and the sound to but anyway so they show the uh... because actually the bs all tape the big red they made on his swing club and by the way the school board and rower says they may reconsider the vote on that the suspensions of teachers maybe over turn how you like that they're fighting for their jobs after the january rate on the swingers club and uh... board member mariam olifant i wonder if she's related to the cartoonist you think tomahot is not his name tomaholifant but it anyway she said interfering in private lives trouble her conscience she asked when did he the issue be put on the august seventeen agenda for a second look they want to look at it again so the channel seven pieces a videotape done by the bs all not are maybe the bs all alerted the media to come there in a day always to let and the tape it and here are all these swatine guys i would say there must have been forty five hundred of them easy there were seventeen thousand of them all in their full swat regalia swat which rhymes of course with all right not and they're going in there like i mean you don't know whether the lack of a cry when you see this thing and here come all these poor people out of there you know they're marching them all out and they got they got the uh... brochure from the place over their heads obviously covering their identity because now they have to feel unclean and they so dirty you know and you know this by the way every time there's one of these mass these mass roundups like when they do the thing with the jons in the hookers on this game pull of art and federal highway and they do the swing clubs airing re single time they do one of these deals there are judges and teachers and super intended airing single time people people from all walks of life good people scumbags you know even good people get horny oh my god wow that's not good news that's right i thought only i thought we just scummy people were what that's where may are juliannis as in the york only trashy people want to get laid only really scummy guys want to get their rocks off that's why i hear that's what the lord says that's why they kept stoning all those kids to that those rocks come in handy terrible just unbelievable to see that thing that they put on tv and i commend them for putting it on there because uh... even though it's part of their hysterical if it bleeds it makes you know is bleed it leads but never let him by the way brine and his uh... he didn't float once he him the more here are all these grown adults that you're paying your tax dollars for in boudd county in swat uniform you you would have thought that there were ax murderers inside it was the same it was the same deal when they had the kids being killed in a little ten in the high school only instead of anybody the only shoot and i was going on inside court court that kind maybe they must have thought there were some dangerous weapons inside that must have been it that's what i had to send the swat team over there to round up all these hard and criminals at the tars and two swing club all you got to see that before you die you must see that tape it will make you you won't know whether they're cry laugh all the above probably you'll just go like that me you we got lost and if I credit off If your black could come to me, And for every year, Would you be lonely? Would you walk through the hall? If it was an hour, But I could have read her. And look this moment, Be it a number one. If it was an hour, Tell me if it was tonight. Would I be the star, But I could not be lonely outside. And don't get me. And don't think that I am not lonely. It was a prayer that I'd be glad to be loved. If you had another, Would you have a memory with no regrets? Would you be lonely? And would you have my attachment And would you have my attachment? And would you have my attachment? Oh, right. And would you have my attachment? But nobody cares. And for the whole place you can't dance, You can't sing, But she's got a great ass. Just like Steve Nichol said, When he heard her in summers, I don't know if she can do a show. But boy, she sure has a great ass. Oh, how's that show doing, by the way? So, don't cast all of this lost, Is dolphin jet stick, it's very quickly. I don't want to make him backtrack, But he said that he was ripping 98 degrees for being very on cool by doing a video with some big boob chicken there. He said, and that's lame, anybody can do that. I don't know anybody, male or female, Who wouldn't be obsessed with that particular video. I do like it. What do I do? What is it name of that? I do I do I do want it. Badly, no. Whatever it is in there that you like, you want it. Believe me when I tell you. Am I right? Oh, I'm jealous. Oh, it's not to like. What is it that the reader is lady? Whatever it is. Yeah, the reader girl. Anyway, speaking of great music, by the way, September 15th in Fort Latera, Also, I'm assuming at the macaroon, but I do not sure where else could it be. It's got to be nice. Yes, I did. Oh, my God. I can walk over there. The back street boys returned from Europe. They had 60,000 people at their concert names to them, by the way. They weren't Helsinki, Phyllid, as they were never one again. Yesterday on TRL, Carson had tears in his eyes as he was sucking up to Kevin How he and AJ run a phone. I'm sorry, Kevin AJ and Brian on the phone. And, uh, AJ and Kevin let it slip up and no single is going to be which I'm very distressed about. It's the first cut on the millennium album. Where is that by the way? It's over here. That sounds like sucks to be you. A larger than life, that's going to be the new single. And I'm sure that will eventually get around to show me the meaning of being lonely, which is the best song on the album. But the nice ones got to be very much like that to back streets back, not good, but never to less. That's a new single. So there are concerts where starts at the macaroon of September 15, tickets go on sale by the way August 14, some of us are getting free tickets and backstreet paid passes and pages. December 1st, they're going to be in Orlando, December 2nd in Tampa. Just in case there's anybody listening around the state. Yeah, that's the way we feel about it. But don't take it personally. By the way, I'm very depressed about the horrible showing we had on the, and four Myers. Don't try to make us feel better. Joey, see you in Joey Z. That's Joey Z. That's not. Jersegaq. Is it? That's only Joey Z. I know. Yeah, we had a two share there, meant 25 to 54. We're like number 17 out of five stations, not too great. I try to make us feel good, you know. But I'm not surprised that those, those pickers are there. Most of them, the lawn listen to the show, why not help with that. They're in the red next stuff. They like that red neck. They're real red necky stuff. They like that a lot. So, anyway, there's the backseat boys situation. So, they're in the situation. September 15, that'll be the first of very first concert. And you realize that you do understand why they're doing that. Because I live about 10 blocks away. And they wanted to, you know, to perform close to where I am. We're going to send a Rick Shaw to carry you. Rick Shaw is going to bring more. He better get that cat, cat cleaned up. Kick his ass out of there. Rick Shaw would know the back street boys from the main street. Okay. That's what he knows. He's still trying to figure out who the BG's are. They're a little bit too recent for him. Ricky Tickie. But at least he knows the other people's material. Like Paul Castro Nova. Let's let's let's direct our special. hatred. Now that's a strong word. Our special distaste. I don't hate him. I just he's he's too easy to pathetic to hate. In fact, there's nobody in the local business that I hate. There are people I just feel sorry for. Like sunny fox. There's not a good example. That's a great example. Now, what do you, what you waffling on that for? I think that's a magnificent example. Funny socks. I feel sorry for him. He's kind of like a sad sack. He's like once he's like a country music Chris Moron. Yeah, I see a lot of similar. Yeah, that's him. Are you doing something? Come on. No, he's over that stuff. That's what he said. You believe him? No. Castro Nova and Spokeg Griffin. I would love to see them on celebrity death mats. Can you imagine what you could do to him? Yeah. Just one big, just hit him with one boo would be enough. Well, those big ones he's got. Man. Seriously, she's got these enormous gigantic knockers that we just knock your ass right off that stool. Just knock the stool out of your paw. So I'm going to get to this letter in a couple minutes. We'll milk it for all we can. Then we're thinking about giving away these dolphin tickets to some of them on the year today. What? I said we're thinking about it. I mean, I've already given away two. There's only eight home games you understand. Same thing saying that now. Everybody's going to be calling and sucking around. I don't care. What do I care? I don't care. There's nobody calling anyway. You'll notice I'm not in any way to go to a bunch of calls here today. I've figured out what it's all about this summer. Okay. The next month. This business of calls after the last couple of days we've had on this show with those two little hooleos out there. All the misfits. Those are the only people we hear from because everybody with a brain. They're out of town. Except the course for that great guy who took this up on Castro Nova. Thank you, sir. He was a good guy. Let me prove it to you. Here's Miami. Yeah, you know, you're doing. Okay, sure. Yeah. I woke up to that crap or podcast and all we're talking to that woman. And I think it's disgusting that she gets on the air and so that she does a little for money. Oh, wait a minute. They're showing the making of the video I do with 98 degrees. Go ahead, sir. Yeah. And, you know, that crap or the psychic doesn't even work in that room in families. And the second thing is I thought our goals from that tonight. And I've never seen anybody more perverted or more hellish than that long live. I'm listening. Yeah. I'm sorry. Are we on a year? And he and Joe are sitting there. I would you know, maybe you had a point. Maybe you had a point. Yeah, 98 degrees. Everybody's naked in that video. Even that albina who ought to keep as much clothes on as possible, please. No, you notice that they don't show him naked because, oh, my God. Can you imagine all the meals? No, just meals before you're up. You would come back. See you in that albino naked. Here we go. The video's set up with the volume. Oh, you're absolutely wrong. That's a great song. Oh, are you going to start again? Just when you were finally able to get a progress. Okay, you keep the, you keep the guy dead audio down. And I'll keep the video too. Oh, see you on the way. George ain't getting no tickets. Too bad he doesn't want some. See he doesn't have to worry about it because he doesn't want any guy dead tickets. How can you be knocking 98 degrees? He'll act crap. That limp crap. When it comes to something, it's okay. There were six guys wanting to hear that part of it. Oh, it's not Charlie Jamesburg. There's another one. He's a him on there too. It only for him. This is really a bizarre group because Nick here is one on the line. He's the one that really sings like the lead vocals in the background vocals. And he's the whole group. The other guy Jeff, he looks good and he's his brother. He can stay in there. But other than that, all in all the albino. Oh, thank God for MTV and you only think it's going to keep me through the summer and it's God for taking place up into that right now. Thank God for MTV. Give us a yellow thing. Thank God for God. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm Jim. I'm Jim. I'm Jim. I'm Jim. I'm Jim. I'm Jim. I'm Jim. I'm Jim. I'm Jim. I want to use the party. I want to use the party. Okay. You want that for young, young, young, young. I love it. The one that's really mirroring gets the altar there. Take them again. Take away that push. Are they trying to say it? It's a good wooden guy to marry somebody like that? Do it for my house. That's so. I'm so good to be. I'm Jim. All right, you can't do this. You have a lot of songs, man. Where's the rain falling from here? Water mountain. A lot of rain these rain. Here. I'm not a fucking bird for the English. I think you're not in prison with a few kids. I think you're not in prison with a few kids. I think you're in prison with a few kids. I'm the death of the last one. And it's beyond my control. I'm played as a normal. Oh, no. I'm a sin. You're a fool. Huh? You're a sin. Yeah. Baby, I'm a sin. Here we go. Here's my one. Of course, very much. I think you'll be for what's the significance of this? Oh. Man, I was just put that girl in my living room. That's my girlfriend. I just reporter her. That's a sub. Oh. Oh, my god. I don't want to create any ill feelings out there, but never ever put an ill bino in your video, kids. There is no. I don't know. My girlfriend and my five folks think I'm proud. They're both. They get my feet now. We have two folks on top. I love the presentation of strange cats on the street. It's like under what it's done. There's a thing that's not. The time's it takes to close off and start dancing in the aisle. But I know that I should make them dark, but in all of its life it's my aisle. In the corner ring, you're down. Every day I have night. I'm on the with and no girl. I'm dressed by his� and play. I'm a little bit of a little girl. We scream. They cry. They scream. They scream. They are the dog. They say, can we be so rich? Right in their way. They're a little girl. Let's be my car. I'm a little girl. I'm buying it. I have 10. I'm a little girl. Oh, right. 1047 at 560 WDQM. I'm old. You're at the sea. Ricky Martin doing one of those spaggy dances in those type plastic pants. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm a little girl. You haven't seen that yet. Well, you have just not a shot. Oh, did I? It's great. It's my favorite. If you could just pick a little bit higher, he could make a whole right word. Greg Weed got his two. They could rub their matching holes together. But at any rate. It is my favorite for all time. So we stopped giving away the stuff because it was getting ponderous and crappy. And we're getting, I mean, you know, it's okay to make fun of a bunch of sucklings for a while. But after, and then, that one guy never forget as long as I live. There's certain calls that just stand out in my mind that I'll never forget. And one of them was the guy that says, well, you know, we don't all make a lot of money like you do. We like free things. Yeah. Well, guess what? The show is supposed to be about entertaining the audience. Give them a few laughs, getting a little pissed off, crazy whatever it's supposed to be. Not about giving you free things. That's not entertaining. That's bad radio. Like most of the radio in this town. That's real bad radio. You don't talk about real bad. So we didn't do it starting early November. And it's through the fall book like I said, a monster book. And now here we are. It's almost a year later. Haven't given away nothing. How many was it just two days ago that we're asking us, oh, you want to give away some some concert tickets for some crap. You don't want to know because then you're getting upset. It might be something you wanted to see. What was it for? Dylan and Simon. Oh, Bob Dylan and Paul Simon. And the moody blues. And yeah, or the moody blues. Anybody want to see the moody blues? No. No, I mean, the moody blues were great a hundred years ago. They're probably what like 96 years old by now I would think. I rather see 98 degrees the 96 years old if you ask me. So we didn't give that away either. And it makes for a hell of a one. It just crap. Here and people make up all these stories and get on their knees and the you. I mean, like I said, it's okay from a real sadistic point of view to laugh at these poor bastards for a while, which we enjoy a lot by the way. But nevertheless, it gets a little ponderous after a while. Especially the women we never hear from women ever on this show. Except this lady mobile in Bokello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. How are you? I'm a first time caller. Great. Has been listening to you for years. Uh-huh. And he said you're going to, me and you're going to embarrass me so bad if I call you. Why is that? But I because he thinks you don't like women. Because we're stupid. That's so he feels without the name. Maybe that's his opinion. I know you don't say call women. I'm not a little kid. They were great. They are great. They are great. They are great. They don't pay attention to your just tastes. He's like, I was sitting there yelling and me telling me I'm sucking up to you. No, you're not. You can tell that I love the dolphins. And you know, I paid a good eye paid to go to my dolphins. I don't need three tickets. Good. I'm scared of her. You don't like the dolphins. Here it was for just a second there because your daughter was convinced that being a lady on here right now, you are going to suck around for free ticket. That's what you said. You know, I pay for tickets. My husband doesn't go, but I do. And I pay for my ticket. Well, I'm taking it. I don't pay for it. I love my dolphins. I don't need free tickets. That's great. Good. But anyway, I just, I love you show. My husband's been listening to you for like 10 years. And I just, this 98 degrees, you know, they're good. They're great. They're good. Good and yeah, when the piping up you know my husband says can go fly tell him to tell him you're doing fine You don't need any help there in the background. You don't need to a Paul windshield by As long as you stick as long as this stick to Nick and Jeff would 98 degrees you okay until your husband to the answer is a positive No, have a great day. See he's the one in the back. How about those tickets the answer is sir? Oh no See she was she was hinting around but of course She was she was testing the waters. She was sticking her tolling it Yeah, just to see how hot the heat was on his side. It was real hot sweetheart You never know and of course that's why I do it every once in a while And like like fat boy he thought at first of all he was positive I would say no I'm not gonna set you those bills vaulting tickets because you're gonna go there root for the bills And your fat course I'm fat too. Not as fat as him. He makes me he makes me feel a lot better about myself You know by the way he was wearing a shirt today. There was button so tight that like the button is gonna pop off any second You know what's that? Are you doing with closely enough? I can't blame you Especially before we ate that great food from that joint from the Acropolis diner at 6300 power line road in Fort Lauderdale see you give these people a couple of plugs here and air and then all of a sudden you got more good free food Just take it from me. You kids out there like Don Cherry would said I'll wait. Would say I'll teach you how to get some free stuff Like with sex. I mean, no if you want to pay for it if you died desperate. It's okay, but free is a lot better mmm sometimes 567 0560 pound and of course watch out for that swathing They're gonna be running there right in the middle of your sex act. They're gonna be rushing in there Of course they won't be looking because they don't want to get to embarrassed I'm gonna read this great facts And the only reason I'm not taking back the Jeff stop and tickets from Joe Costello as much as I love him The only reason I'm not taking it back is because he brought me this back from USA today. This is a letter Because for him to be knocking the 98 degrees video would be like my sitting here not gonna bring any spears video When I was the first one by the way to catch that the crotch shot The crotch picking shot How come I'm the one that sees all the I'm supposed to be the old man according to junior in there But I'm the one that doesn't miss a thing baby. I don't miss anything Because you're a luscious man exactly right. I'm an old pervert with lots and lots of practice Whatever they say about me. It's true multiply at times pin and I'm proud of it and I stole a freight train I do like that Yeah, and I'm proud to sit here and tell you that I don't put on some act like some goddamn holder the now goody two shoes. I'm a scumbag and proud of it. I just do the DNA. I do know harm and do anybody I can. That's good and Believe me. I do not bad So anyway, this letter says in USA today From Joel see bigony is that big it makes no difference in hitting the hint and West Virginia I want you to listen very carefully to this letter. I'm gonna read I know I read a lot of stuff and you don't pay any attention as boring, but I want you to listen right now In fact, maybe even Paul Castro know we can take some notes because he is sitting there with his legal pad in his pen right Now, pick a note from the show to see what he can steal the borrowed and try to make for an interesting show in between Ron Brue reading all at Pondras news I mean does he ever actually come on on that show? Castro over I mean right I've punched it up a few times and it's Ron Brue or the Bop-Bop-Bop-Bop It just goes on and on and on And believe me Ron Brueer, Castro over omelet all of them. They only wish they had the sucking I'm not gonna lie about it. I wish I would trade shoes which roll grip and not color. I would trade shoes in a heartbeat They could have this crappy show. I'll take that psychic die-cott line in a second It's not too late. Can you imagine a money that they're written on that piece of cramp is there a psychic gay hotline yet? gay male I mean it's that boy Scott's number Yeah They're rubbing their sticks together over the phone Anyway, listen to the mom better do the break because I don't want to interrupt myself. It's a great I want you to tape it. I want you to write it down now Because it's maybe the greatest letter that was ever written in terms of and I want to apologize to the dumb people in the state of Florida because at least you're not alone It's true I would say that I went after the show yesterday I went and take a leak in egor was in there actually took a leak next to egor yesterday Why did not look to see if he really has a penis because I don't care I Think he might Yeah, it's kind of like you're old Now, this is where you don't see every day It was so neural that I almost hurled but at any rate No seriously, he's a good guy. I think is he? Is he a good guy? No, and I was saying something about boy. Oh boy, were they dumb that he said not only here And I thought to myself you know, he's got a point This is a dumb freaking country man. There's so many goddamn stupid idiotic dumb 1056 is 560 WCMK. I'm a killer whole hour already haven't said it. Hello yet even God I like this. I like to do this show this way Let me talk let you people listen you might learn something I don't want to Scott something to say that those three little holios there are there search and for a part search and for a spare part God, I can't stand those punks In fact, I'm I'm gonna take a poll on that and I'm gonna ask myself. I'll do the voting Which is the most despicable Andy from Hollywood? Greg from point in beach The guy with the eyes or those three little holios that are busy Rubin Roy were they supposed to be something that they can't find a thing They just keep rubbing it. Okay, maybe it'll grow This is Kevin. Oh, hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting some operations done Okay, and some body contouring and some liposuction And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation does not impress Sizzley face here for all of these things Well, I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my My thing. Okay, we don't do that. No, could you do breast implants though? Can we don't Work the lotion in the basket. Yeah, how much? 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too laser surgery Have the lens stop crying yet mommy Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw to be okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first and then upon looking actually we can tell you that only to you Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy? Yes, if you'd like to it works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes, okay There is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine Okay, okay My name is buffer little bill. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay What's the lotion in the basket? I understand it was the lotion in the basket Do you want to come in for consultation if it's like the lotion in the basket? Okay Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me bad? Yeah, what's the lotion in the basket? I understand. I got my skin suit in the Polygulation Bill it works the lotion in the basket. I understand that was you're like it works the lotion in the basket Would you like to make an appointment? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay, I will talk to you in the time. Okay Okay, probably what is it? 105 it's 1103 at 5.50 WQ. I'm don't monkey around with that time. There are a lot of people out there upon their watchers Because you do a good job of giving that time a lot to them. That's what that hi to Jeff who's listening in Mortal Beach, South Carolina and we have a facts from says thank God for real audio. Thank God for Jeff Little V2 cared enough to send us a facts all the way from up there in Yenem's wealth So anyway before we get to that letter for USA today, you know something to note that for about an hour and a half before I even get to it We got something maybe even almost as good and that's the tape from power 96 this morning of the great confrontation between Spoke Griffin and the highly jealous and very minimally talented Paul Castronova Okay Good morning and thank you for calling clear channel communications Please hold operator hi there a Paul Castronova please is Bo Griffin calling Hello, yeah, look at the podcast and over this is Bo Griffin Okay, one second. Hello, it's blood can I help you when this Bo Griffin podcast and over really yeah All under the minute thank you. You want to talk to him on the air. Yeah, and I'll be recording him as well Okay, hold on What do you say get it is it's Bo Griffin this the pastor Nova Don't eat the hell of bo me Wait a minute now I thought you loved me. I thought you loved your beautiful black newbie and queen now you talking smack about me Wait a second. I don't you know, I think you're a beautiful wonderful woman Well, I think we can't believe how you so out of that sake it's network and Because we're not really believers. Well, you said that on the radio show talking crap was a different We're not charging people You know what but see maybe that's why Those info Marshalls who one of those Psychics as you call them yeah, yeah, I'm with something Wait, let's let's take the edge if you first of all if you want to do this because I'm just calling you so we can discuss this Take the edge out of your voice and take the attack out of your voice and we can discuss Okay, you tell Ron the back off Very edge Unless you and I talk about we can talk about this like all I think she was bringing it to us because she was just being friendly and being We talk crap on here. Well, I'm trying to figure out what we're going on Let's go on you guys getting morning into the office. They're the listeners who are back at four to the power ninety six is how I found out No, like I said, I found it was sharing a little bit of audience and the kid son of your list is called over here to tell me Like both are they talking crap about you this morning So apparently, but you know how it is on the dial To let's not be comfortable now now both a nice person, but we just we had a guest on from channel four or for 48 hours Whatever to do a CV has about that's going to be there. I'm a show on psychic stuff and I was saying that the psychic people Have these stock questions that they ask and they we've had millions of them on they go So you have that thing is there's someone named Michael in your life and everyone's a Yeah, and it's just to me it's like a please and then I get on how your name came up Okay, all right, well then that's that basketball gentleman whatever Psychics, we're gonna go on a question. Yeah, and I hear here to deal with with psychic seconds Confirming it depends on where your arm head is at and and particularly now this and great Psychics now I can I can turn you up to some so I can set a rock your world and blow your mind It's how you let you cheat on your life Now, you know, we'll see that's what I'm saying it then you've got some that ain't you know, they're not good Yeah, you know the name so it just depends on what your frame of reference is I do know some really great ones now when you call up on the psychic line unless you request and some of the Some of the more popular psychic and no I can't guarantee who you're gonna get No, I just hope to show it make a lot of money And you're better not be mad at that The radio right now and get some of them are very good, but if you're out there promoting it, it's costing people money Well, you know what I mean, but do you see the disclaimer at the bottom of the screen? This says for entertainment purposes only Yeah, does I mean you know what I mean so if you're in a doll Number one, you have to be 18 to make the call and then after that it's up to your own discretion I mean if you're in a dog you make choices in your life You know, I mean only idiots I mean maybe maybe only idiots would take a look at a commercial like that No, but you know what the other way that I feel about this is that if you wait Listen to this and then you told me how you feel about this point now Let's say you go and see a psychologist and you sit there and you bear your heart and your soul to a psychologist And at the end of the session they charge you $150 and you have it learn one day Up thing about yourself and it will okay we'll both your plane up for next week Instead of being illuminating and clarifying and giving you some real advice What is the difference if they keep you from putting your gun to your head three o'clock in the morning That's they go for it Well, I'll tell you this here here's the difference your insurance company will pay for Psychiatric problem, but they won't pay for you to call one of these Nothing No, you don't go pop it doing that. I'll do that for you And that's my partner feeling Well, you know we do it with you I figured you have that connection. Let me ask you a quick question though every boy's over that you do for a product You believe in every product that you've got so much over Thank you, baby, but you do it I don't know don't start a summer to true. What's up? I don't do voiceovers. Oh, you don't do paracomers. You don't do chicken You don't do it But when you have a million spots on your show now feel it's absolutely right Do I mean kids? What even I know? Or is like does it have some kind of credibility? Why have no credibility? He's up to say I'll just write the rest of it. Who's he? Can you see in your family? I'm making a good living rod is that why you're so bitter is because you're broke? But I didn't have sex on a flat if you hung up Oh, okay, did I found that one? Stay hung up Stay hung up. What a suck-up job that was wow How many years have I been saying that? I've been a bunch of paid horrors. How many years have I said that? And let's hear it for a small Griffin who's got the big ones to say it right on a year too I don't know what me honey I'll answer that little piece of that sucky coli then I want Yeah, don't be just kidding Boy That Ron Burr what a god damn pedantic I've noxious disgusting bourgeois asshole Oh, we're gonna eat two shoes over here. We work for a clear channel. Yeah, that speaks for itself. Talk about horrors By the way, times Thursday now, you know what that means, actually Oh The top green show America's greatest television show here's a facts from Cheryl a lady who loves the top green show Let's hear it Girl, maybe we'll hear some other women call it today who liked the top green show which means they got a sense of humor and boy how unusual that is You know, I have to really listen to that crap and with one eyebrow way up to where my god the involved spot ends Listen to cast it over them especially that pondress of borish Ron Burr on there those goody two shoes These are the same people that just had the mayor on there a few weeks ago and sucked his ass until they couldn't get their tongue in any deeper Trying to put over that one penny sales tax which all arrest of us said Oh, he immediately know to 68 to 32 percent and try to block out the opposing calls based on oh Well, we got a lawsuit going we here can't talk to them. Can't give many airtime cut them off Just like they hung up on troll Griffin and Felix this morning because they're a bunch of cowards See at least he had enough integrity and honesty to say she's making a whole lot of money baby She's a spokesman. That's right And it says right on there if you are smuck if you're a consenting adult and you believe in his crap Go ahead and call we'll take your money. Let's say right on there You know just like Ron Popeel he might as well come on here to begin those information say hey, you know that pocket fisherman all those other stupid little Plastic pieces of crap that I sold here for 30 and 40 and 50 bucks. Oh, here's another one This is the only guy that could take two pieces of paper and say oh and if you really enjoy this machine Everything is a machine if you notice that You could take two sticks. Oh, and here's the wrongful feel stick machine And people are sitting 16 easy payment to believe 39 95 and he said okay. Yeah, all right Yeah, I'll take your money That helps wrong with that They're just jealous that they didn't come up with a guy named psychicosh parts or whatever that hot line is this week bunch of hypocritical and addition, which I thought there was supposed to be an entertainment show Isn't it I mean this show is entertainment? It's a whole bunch of things on this show. It's whatever that lie want But I thought they were supposed to be entertaining. I'm already show are they are they like now dictating morality and taste so is that what that's all about saving the public from itself And just to show you how stupid the public is Paul and Ron there are people listening to your show Although I noticed in this last book not nearly as many as you do, but nevertheless some So how do you like that? Concerting adults dumb enough to think that that's entertaining So again it ties right in with this letter, which I know it's only taking me an hour to quarter to get to but boy what a good job Neil. Thank you. Oh God excellent. I'm looking this In fact, even Tom Green never milk anything this good Show see bagonian hit in West Virginia says this is a case in point and ties right in with what we just have He says I'm an adjunctance and structuring a small college and I'm amazed to find just within the past three or four years That college students know very little The terrible thing about it is that they don't know how much they don't know For example, I teach a class in which the opening lecture begins with a historical account of the subject that dates the ancient Persians Now one of my students knew of the Persians or I never heard of them We moved on and the lecture to the Roman Empire now one of them knew anything about the Roman Empire or I never heard of it I never heard of it They thought the Roman Empire was frankly To my utter amazement I found that none of them had studied American or US history these are college students They did not know anything about the finding fathers of this nation or why I was founded Almost no one knew who Thomas Jefferson was except one boy who knew that Jefferson had a home in Charlottesville, Virginia But didn't know what he did in life None of them could tell me who the pilgrims were I questioned them about the World War II and about the Holocaust, but their only answer was that they had seen the movie shinlers But they didn't know if it was a true movie I finally asked them if you don't know the past how are you the future citizens of this country going to govern the country their answer was why do you have to know the past Honestly believe that none of them realized they know nothing and worse still they don't care that they know nothing There is the greatest letter It's history of America USA today From an instructor in a small college and it's not only small colleges it's your major universities. It's most of How many times in a 23 years? I've been on the year here if they run those things in the newspaper where they they put these These real simple test out at you event Talk about a bunch of real intellectuals and They put things in there like the map of the US They can't name the states and most of them can't even find on the map their hometown ones are and the ones who are from here also can't find it They can't find it in a map either How is it possible to go through life and be so goddamn? Amazing to me and you wonder why we have all these social problems in this country? I'm not gonna change them Sitting here go on about that that out of radio But Jesus Christ somebody's got a point of finger to it and what a great letter that is They don't know squat The Roman Empire they never heard of You know maybe get not maybe getting out of that 10 block radius might actually do something for like I'm always telling you about traveling and going to real living and breathing places and seeing different kinds of people and different parts of the world And it's kind of like oh, would you need to do that for? Like that Man and you wonder why there's people by the millions call up the second hotline and watching Jerry springer A while the women are ringing the phones off the hook channel four ones got them open coming back on you wonder Has this woman ever said anything of significance in the 87,000 years that she's been on here? Oh, and those idiotic Smarmy mushy books that he's always promoting on there is there one of them ever been worth reading. Oh, but those women it's a cult And you wonder why they went down there and I had collated with Jim Jones and had the guy then putting with the door Amy what are we talking about here? Yeah, don't bring me by so lots of rest of it. Yeah The rest of is the dough. That's what the voices voices just give me the dough I'm power 96 nice going ball See and it's I'm talking about this psychic thing and it ties right in just coincidentally I haven't seen her in months have you see I haven't seen bowl in a month? I see every day Why is that? Because I want to the hall of every known again Let me say it again. I haven't seen her in months. He used to pop her head in the door down on the second floor And a couple of times I went over there in power 96 nights here, but I haven't seen her in months this morning I see you outside we have a very humorous exchange She knows I'm having a good time with her psychic duck network and she's laughing all the way to the bank She doesn't care. She's got a good sense of humor. We're laughing about it I'm saying lonely 50 million dollars. She's out think about it And she probably could You're just jealous you losers over there working for queer channel. That's the problem and you know something I'd be neurotic too. I mean, I don't work for rocket scientists I mean these people are not bad people they're nice they're weak they're dumb, but they're okay You know they treat us okay. We don't have any ax murderers over here like Pete bulger And John Ford and that evil crowd We don't have that So who the hell are you guys kidding you work and and what's interesting they work for patients They work for queer channel. They're horrors like anybody else It makes no difference who signs their paycheck. They'll go on the year. They're in suck ass. They don't give a crap And they're putting her down because she's making money from other people's stupidity That's what it's all about basically unfortunately You got something good to sell almost nobody wants it but if you got some real crap Like every time a Christmas time I come out with some new ugly doll that people are killing each other or for a Walmart and came Art because they got to have the last one Oh, I'm gonna have it. I'm gonna have it. Give me that cabbage pass now. It's so ugly Yeah, like your kid probably Here's a dear field. Hello Yes, sir. I'm a little nervous but nevertheless You're absolutely right. I think I love Bo. I think she does a great job Whatever she wants to do on the side is fine. Right Well, I'll catch an overrinds me of early Steve Kane What a what a what a shot It's like like he's learning from the Steve came rule book. I mean he's doing what do you do like breast augmentation on the air a couple years ago Oh, did he? Yeah, now he's trying you know now he's calling other hosts and I mean what you know I don't understand the you know, but they call him Call him and then they hung up and ran like like like rugby deal with do Yeah, remember I did that on Zeta. I was calling all the people on here and then the rugby del ran and the He now he's a waiting table that's some diner I think And he sure can't complain for lack of publicity. I'll tell you that but nevertheless I've been a big fan of years for a while but the very first time I ever heard your show was the last day on AM before you went to FM and Right, I am so happy that I recently received Well, I'm so happy that I have an ability to thank you Right, I recently received my diaries all right How I said we love this guy and that's right. Oh, right They don't ask you how many you want right, you know they ask many people in your house and you can say whatever you want I'll send you whatever you want right. I've got a little 40 people in your house So yeah, I overestimated. I thank God bless you sir. We love you. God greatly I just want to let you know. Thank you very much. Thank you so much and have a wonderful life. See we like that car a lot Don't know yeah, I hope he's got 700 diaries in the house. Maybe we can get some wide diaries for change like it in the morning two trends ago And I've cast him over saying and we know you're listening right now Paul by the way pretty lame effort pretty weak We spot and how come since it's your show You know that would be like they would be like if if one of the somebody else from the market called us on a year and I let George just sit here and Bepa va you know It's your show with the cancer and over supposedly and that only reinforces what I said the very perspicacious needlehead said a half hour before and that is the few times Ever turned them on I don't hear cancer at all. And here's Ron Brue and buff that that that that that that's all They do he doesn't do any show You know who my share by the way and I really mean I really Jim really another Papa asshole Huh at the shot and it is shot that's who got Ron Brue reminds me of Jim really Another guy who thinks he's a radio legend who thinks he brings something to the table and you know they still got that asshole on over there Jim really Jim Riley whatever the hell his name is really in the Jim Riley. He goes better really on you really really Right so in other words it's Rick Rick really and Jim Riley Huh What a combination that is god damn it yeah Jim really there's a guy who really thinks he is something and he's another one who used to sit there with Tanner Tanner was the whole show Even always become a pucks like we've been nevertheless he was the whole show there on my 100 and You really would sit there and pretend that he was some kind of a talent was he a talent? Oh, he's funny. Oh, no, no, no matter fact he was a professional Catholic in every time Tanner would make a certain jokes a little bit over the line about a borst or whatever else Really would start pop-up. I do in his thing See I hate to break the news to you, but guys who are supposed to be news guys We're not interested in having you preach to us or tell us how to live or give us your goddamn opinions about life in general just read the goddamn news and get out of there Ron Brue or my ass oh He's so much holier than the rest of us. Okay. Thank god for that wonder how much those two guys are making put together huh? What are how much those two were taken down? You think that maybe she's throwing I might be doing just a little bit better nose to guys Just a little bit I guarantee on a bad day when even the dumbest of the dumb have their phone disconnected There's still making more money on that psychic hotline. They're all the rest of us will ever make put together in a lifetime That's why she's sitting there laughing up her sleeve or whatever she's laughing up Yeah, she's sitting on the like that always in a great mood and you would be too if you were making money off of dumb masses out there Radiance dumb abs dirt Have you think does that mean to make it that awful? You'll be did you about my attitude If you do want to put the up here fool maybe But wait please The bitch hour Oh Well The I can't get out of money if I know how to play the game better. An advocate for Reverend Paul's effect is, members of the clergy of the Ophane-O-Tactives. Thank you, Donald. You were worshiped, and you got your new blow. Just the front of the duty unit, ladies, both. The reason I'm feeling that I like God is not the big thing it's your own. You've taken talks this for much over, but you've been looking at my diet in. You've been dreaming about me, come and do your health. To put a hook, I've a lowly at your mouth. Obviously, though, that may be the way we're done to think I wanted you. Thanks, give us a thought so, fan, that you who voted this, that what I say is true. Thank you. And hey, why not those preachers? How they know where the big bucks are? Like Jim and Tammy Fay and Paul and Jan Crochston are where the suckers are. 560, 560, Pomp 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a wireless Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Didn't the person give us those fluffy cats? Right. A lot of people are going to be calling up, sucking up for those tickets and stuff, but they better not be. They better not. And I'm not going to be. And that woman was, she was seriously thinking about it. Like I said, she was testing the waters. Just kind of feeling around the edges so to speak. Didn't she know that she didn't have the right equipment to do that? No, no. See? No. Hey, listen, I'm everything that you stand against. Anti-Gay Republicans, Christian, that works at Bell-Sau. Yeah. What do my chance to get a ticket? They're right. Ha ha ha. Hey, I got a go, man. OK. I'm doing it. Have a good time. OK, Zigile. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, T-Wilds. He was pretty funny. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Any worse for Bell-Sau, he's been dealing with our phone lines to the last several months. And we still got about the 80s here. How do you like that? It's quite a volume asshole. So think that you can keep dealing with our lives. Is it working good yet? No. No. By the way, keep taking those notes, David, over there on the West Coast. Now, keep taking those courses, but probably listening on the internet. He hasn't lived anywhere near our signal. But that won't stand in his way. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Hey, man, how's it going? Pretty good, sir. Well, I think you heard a little wrong about the confrontation this morning, well, which was bothering our leader. The wrong. I just got through a planet. Well, yeah. But I was listening on his phone lines at the time. How would a bag of steak that was? And Zeta was a, it didn't say, oh, we got to go. They didn't hang up on them. I found I six hung up on them. And then I turned it over to power 96 to hear what they said about it. And then they said that they hung up on them. That was going true. That power 96 to the power. How do we know who to believe? We just played the tape. And we could hear the click on the other. So somebody hung it up. Yeah, but I heard they both said they both hung up. Maybe they're both full of crap. But it was live on 94. Now, power 96 takes it and played it after. Oh, I see. Yeah. And? Well, I guess you got a wrong, because I think both of us are farters. Yeah. And a rich fortune. Oh, you only wish you only wish you had her money. Oh, I do. Okay. Thank you. Thanks for your refreshing honesty. He thinks that he's a shwarter. Oh, my God. We better double check. Right there. That's the average Paul Castron over list there, right there. Okay. Don't tell me about Zeta, okay. He awake for me. He wasn't for me. They'd be playing Hungarian polka's on Zeta. If there is such a thing, maybe playing Missouri for you. Yeah. Drink your vodka, be a drunk and let him down the hill. No. We'll see the further I get down. Yeah. So stick it in your ear, okay. Kiss the ground, kiss my picture, kiss my fat ass. Every time you take your check from those queer channel people, cast an over. I'm the only reason that they're not playing goddamn Chinese melodies on Zeta. And that's the goddamn truth. You can ask that DBSP polls are even held tight in the truth. Maybe. But I doubt it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We stand corrected these guys hung up on them and played the I don't know. Do we know? I don't know. It sounded like they had gotten hung up on. Yeah. Sounded like. In addition to which Jesus Sparter. No, Sparter. Get it right. Get your gender right, okay. Sparter is a guy. Okay. So if you're going to talk to Yiddish, you're talking to the expert. A lot of tell you who speaks great Yiddish on this station. Not Hank. Thank tries a little bit. You know what he's, eh? And by the way, let's hear it for Hank yesterday. So even though as he said he's on a sports station, he ripped an ass to John Henry and anybody who thinks the taxpayers are going to spread a dime to build a stadium. Oh, no. I'm proud. But Ken Maldon's a guy that speaks the great Yiddish around here as in Losem Gain. I nearly went my pants and drove off the road that it was saying about Losem Gain. That was so good. What were we talking about? What was the topic that they about the other words will pack him a sandwich and let him go? Was it the Marlins whoever it was? It was great. Nice going, Ken. There's a real guy Ken Maldon, another unsung hero. He's been through the wars in his town. You can see the battle scars on poor Ken. He's been used in abuse, twisted and he stills come out. Still comes out standing on his feet. So what's that mean, honey, and choir in mind is one another. What? Losem Gain. Losem Gain. Whatever. Gain. That's what you want to do. On a sports station, that's all you know as Gain's games, people play. Losem Gain, in other words, let him go. Like how we say, well, pack him a sandwich. Like if your wife threatens your, she's leaving, you know, Losem Gain. Wave goodbye to the window. Exactly. But five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty on the 18th, T. Wireless. On your juice station, that's right. W. J. Y. M. We got more goddamn juice here. We got a glyphorage general manager for the program director. Everybody else is a Jew. Even Joe Rose is doing. That's right. Beful told me you checked this morning. But away, beful was out there ripping, remember, in a hall this month. I thought that was embarrassing. No, we had a great chat in the hall this morning. We were bonding a little bit. In fact, usually out there in a morning, you know what, it usually comes down to you know. Because you, you participate in those hints fest in the hall before I get here. How was your little early this morning? But those hints, usually the guys in the morning sure are standing around ripping Hank. I don't want them to feel better. We'll like to pack it. By the way, Hank will be here in the studio today from to the 6 to Rift John Henry of Bigass. Nice going, Humper. Six o'clock. Oh, not again. Another 10,000 people to see another bad ball game last night. Oh, man. They lost again four to one of the fillies. More Marlins baseball tonight. You know, the rumor has it. By the way, let's take a poll on this. I just heard a rumor this morning that Phil Henry is now on three hours a night. Because, you know, when you do haste, Dick and all those voices four hours was too much. He was undergoing psychiatric care. So, 69, LA time. That's nine to midnight, our time. Am I correct about that? I think I am. Oh, yeah, nine to midnight. I think that would make for some great programming on the station. That any cake would come on at midnight until five in the morning because it doesn't make any difference. Those degenerate gamblers, they still stay up until they last, you know, betting a chip has been torn up. That's what it's called. A gambling slip is called a chip. That's no kidding. Heo, there is no frame. And he checked there is no space on my territory. He already is. He's taking your time, all the way. And he 1 month. And he's running. I'm done擿 Platzion! It's over! I'm done. So be proof station, Do you like yourself, Do you want to be so hot You're right away You're gonna take All the four of us Now you're right away You're gonna be a good day Hey, hey, hey You're right inside I don't worry about it I'm in time And find your own I'm in time And I'm in time And I'm in time And I'm in time And I'm in time And I'm in time And I'm in time And I'm in time And I'm in time And I'm in time Hey, hey, hey, hey Tell me why you're still in circumcised Hey, hey, hey, hey How can this circle We're wrong That's wrong When you're doomed That's it Until provoking us Just tell us not to say I'm in time Now you're the one Are you a good day Tell us not where your Comme While we've got the same people out there buying or records getting all excited every time she comes under with her leather pants. Chicken at questionable thing whatever is in them. Why do I not? Wouldn't you take the money if you're a bunch of silly people out there saying oh my god you're so great Mickey Mickey Mickey Mickey Mickey. I'll all you'd say is don't be frisky don't be frisky don't be jotted and they're not gonna get anyway. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line. Here's my email. Jesus Christ that song you can't avoid it. I know it's everywhere. Like a cancer. Yeah before I go into my diet tribe I want to tell you that. I'm going to head. Phil is on from 10 PM to 1 AM art time so that's what seven to 10 over there. Yeah I think so yeah yeah he's got a cold so he hasn't been doing the voices too much. I know it's still still chicken ass though. Anyway you're a usual you hit the nail right between the thighs. Are you sure with that peace you just read. 10 PM to 1 AM would be even better wouldn't it? Yeah it would be excellent. Yeah it's 24 hours a day seven days a week. Are you peace the hell out of whatever we got planned down here except for you of course. Yeah can you hear the second sound? Yeah. Oh anyway with all seriousness that peace you read. It's beautiful about the ignorance. It ties beautifully into everything you talk about. It's exactly where we got so much fear in this goddamn country. Why if you're a court on quote, Fag you can't do this. You can't be in this because everybody's so goddamn ignorant. Right. You're a smart to like pro Griffin. Precisely like that last yeah forget about that last call. There's probably John Ford doing a voice. But he's on. I give you an example. A dumb voice. I like going to the mall and I'm not a pervert. I like going to the mall at the end of the day. Do a some shop and I sit down when I'm tired. Get a cup of coffee and I like looking at the mall. I like watching young boys and young girls play not because it gives me an advice. When you say kids. Well you know like toddlers. Seven year old. Okay. You know they got those little recesses in the the fourth of the mall so they can play and do whatever they want. The hamburgers. Little kids have a good time. Well yeah I have a good time and it's one of the few things in this world today that brings the smile to my face. Look kids. You're beautiful creature. Need while they're in the little kids. They're eyeballing me. Like I'm some kind of like I'm going to go to the mall. Well I'm not like a teacher. You realize the teacher can't even pedicure on a back saying nice guy. Right. That's it. Well whatever. Right away. Oh sexual harassment. You're going to judge. You're going to lose your job. Like I'm going to go to the mall a bathroom next and rub myself raw to read runs a romper room or something. Right. I just want to watch the kids play. I'm going to kick that of the mall and reported it's because today with the hardware. I'm going to wear those green jeans in there. They'll fire with you. Well I do wear some tight jeans but that's not the reason. But it's like if you're a little bit of the black color. As sentemuted to the left of the right of what they consider normal. You're a freaking pervert. Right. So when are we going to a freaking grow up? We're not. It's just like the thing with a swing clubs. Like I said the beginning of the show today. I've just seen that horrible footage on channel 7 this morning. It's a very tiny minority of us who believe that if consenting adults want to do whatever they want that it's okay. And the rest of the people are going, oh my god. But their teachers are there judges or whatever. What the hell they're going to do? Who's business is it? How does it affect anything? Exactly. Yeah. It's a senior own business idea that sex is so goddamn dirty. Everybody wants to do it but please don't let it admit it to anybody. Like teenage sex. God forbid the teenagers of sexual creatures. Yeah. You know so no we can't do that. That's bad. That's bad. Shut it off. Shut it off. It's good. No no no. I'm watching right now. Me too. www.youngboys.com. Let me tell you. But no speaking of which. Oh we got a trace of this call by the way George we got a real pedophile. No I did the year starts 67 sorry. Uh-huh. No but it's just- You did. The world today it's another thing. I think it was probably the star 69. One it well you know every chance I get. I want to sit down in front of the friggin computer. I'm just myself. Yeah. And download myself to hell because I don't want to deal with the real world. I'm not the perfect real world to friggin perfect. Right. That's what all pedophiles say. So let's all move to uh- Okay. I'll see you in Thailand. Okay. No. He was doing so well. Yeah. Eeehh. I think who would be embarrassed you know. Yeah but wait yeah but wait a second. 560560 pound five 60 on the yeah. Who was that by the way? That sounded like a radio person to make. Isn't it? Who obviously doesn't want to be identified for obvious reasons? So I'd be looking out for him. He's probably making an appearance at him all nearby you pretty so you know I'm talking about. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. That's like a morning you'll take care of my call. And thanks how are your call? How do you like this last pedophile here we're finally out of themselves? Oh my god you should trade that call. Oh listen uh I hate to change to talk to them you again. I have a couple of comments regarding the average American college student and as you can tell by my accent I'm a crowd bastard came over four years ago and uh I taught sports in the German school system and over here in the in the Daytona Public School system and what I found is that teachers are really not very well respected over here and there's a lot of social promotion going on you know if you don't do your stuff if you just don't have it you know you're not being passed on to the next grade and it's exactly the case here in the in the state. There's pressure from parents at the college level there's the pressure there's money involved and you just want to path on the students and that's all the the response to people care about. You've got it that's your domain man. So I'm not gonna charge it. I don't know what the solution is the way it works in Europe I'm sure you work that's into a Holland fan probably other big drum and by the way in the Netherlands they have the highest test scores of any country in the world. Another one with all that weed and we're all at sex and all the freedom that they enjoy. They have the highest test scores of brightest young people in the world. Yeah I think one of the reasons is at elementary school in Europe what happens is the school system first was up you have a vocational school you have a con for middle school and you have for the public ganozium which is. Yeah it's for people who want to go on to study so after fourth grade the teacher sits down with the students and with with his or her parents and they talk about what school system is best for him and her and they decide whether he should go on to the ganozium the highest school form or whether he should go into a vocational school and that way you have students and the school systems are sort of on the same level and I found that it's a much better solution here in the United States you try to cram everyone into the high school system no matter how intelligent they are. You can take those kids here and send them what they used to call shop and now they just make a much safer than son for your other son. And now you have to know you have gifted programs and all of this other crap in the big country public schools and right now I'm teaching at the university here in town and the students I get in my drum class at Schifford's Flosious you talked about history for the the role of the person talking about English grammar. You can't refuse because you guys are good at that. I love I love I love to listen to your show itself. I love what a few things I see bastards from over there. I think that the joke lighten up a little bit see you humans tend to be a little little two up tight relax loosen up we're not going to you know I love colon school whatever it I love I love it it's a great shit. Yes I do. I hope they treat you nicely over there. They do they treat us everybody why don't you like colon? I like the film and part of it better. You think it's a nice thing. I have a minute. Nice pronunciation got the UMA doing there. Great but I'm new listen I love you show and you have to work. Okay in Zagazon. Okay you too okay. 560 50560 up tight I love the German people. The younger ones the old ones the lower course like a bunch of nattis. Here's a facts from Mike and Kendall who says his opinion regarding several things A he first heard I do by 98 degrees during the video is premiering joy the video and the song so much you went out and bought the album nice going my guy. He says I detest 40 on why 100 all the way enjoy listening to J. Alexander's voice and he commends Schwo Griffin for defending herself during Zagaz Morning Show. She's in Tylerland or product services and to make all the money she wants. It reminds me of the criticism he says the governor Jesse Ventures taken for participating in a WWE F event. Why not why not why the WWE F not is what I say. We had more people like Jesse Ventures running around who have some idea what life is really all about. We'd be in really good shape. Instead of having to hear a more bull crab a lot to Clinton sex life it was the abuse when it was four years old and then he sleep with his mama like Elvis. I mean talk about desperate desperate and you wonder why the people are dumb do you owe me? 560 5060 pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. I guess we already kind of ate today didn't we sort of. Maybe I'll get something from Chuck just before I leave you know to kind of time me over in the car in the way home. Some cool cuts or something like that. Thanks again to Fatboy and you're welcome for those damn bills or dolphin and I know some of you'll be upset because there's a guy who's going to be rooting for the bills during that game too bad. Pour some beer on him if you have to hear four of my cover reporter. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. How new? Yes. How are you going to be? You know before I get into like what I want to talk about I don't know if you caught our both team of flat and coded. No I did not. Oh my god that fat bastard. We had one spy report. You have to you. I mean there has to be somebody else who's safe that he was. Oh I don't want to see. I want to see that. I mean you see enough and without seeing himself a grandizing TV appearances. I mean I'm familiar with Alex. Dick and you know it's a little thing but I mean Dick. I mean my my job open love. I couldn't believe that. Actually my court and we're going to jump out of the seat of what a god. I'm sure. And I was ecstatic when you drove him. He was out. You're trying to break me up here. Anyways that's actually what earlier that article about the demophying of American people. About how dumb college students are. How do I know you become adults someday? Absolutely. Listen I got a school. I mean I work with this one girl who just graduated court and court with honors and you know me being the aberrant self-loating bastard that I am. I just had a way you know what I'm just going to test and see how smart she is. You know how this code is even in a how many states are in the United States of America. Yeah. You can tell you how many senators in the half of the representatives. You couldn't say any of these and you know how many senators in the house of representatives? Well from the like that. Oh okay. You know really I'm a part of the system too you know. All right Neil. Hey. Evergreen thing. Okay boy he ran real quick. He was doing real good until he got to that. How many senators are there in the year? It's 156 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's face it. It's a country of dumb people with guns. There you go. Come on. Do it. God. That a version therapy works great. So anyway we find out who that was that voice that Teta Filer was on there. Sitting around in the mall pretending he wants to enjoy it's looking at little kids and then we find out that he's in the restroom rubbing something. What was that all about? That was really bizarre. I mean really bizarre. He's got a bomb. Hands up good hits and woody act like Chee-chon chon. And get some munchies and make brownies filled with hair. And woody share it with Jesus and the same. The fire has fallen and yeah yeah. Hardly just breaks in. Yeah. Yeah. Hardly just good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Millet. Yeah. TheSecret's really great. OK. Should we do rock with my oligopolも? Doesn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is a position for a pop services. I'm going not to throw anything. Yeah. Well, believe it. Yeah. Yeah. That would be funny. Yeah. Yeah. You. Yeah. Really? Yeah. OK. Yeah. Yeah. Pop? Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. in the history of the facts machine. I'm telling you, not just our facts machine, in the history of the facts machine itself. That's not the facts norm studies consent. Oh, you spoiled it. Oh, I'm sorry. You, when you see it, you will be sorry. Why did you tell you what it was about? No, all that was going to be great. Sorry. The taxis. I've been a little... No, sorry. Not a sorry, it's he'll be. You know, a norm can't for those. He's got a few friends out there, putting yours truly. Good guy. Giant ego. Thanks, he's a broadcaster. But how to great battle with cancer. He's doing great. Completely cancer-free. He's sounding good. He's feeling good. He's grown some of his hair back. He is ready to rock and roll. That's great. That's the good news. The bad news is that even after this six or seven or eight month battle, whatever it's been, norm still can't rid himself of this obsession. He's got the idea. The notion that he has, he put the notion in the basket. That he's a broadcaster. Because of those days on the like bulb. Well, here's the ad from Al Golstein that was in Scrumagazine. That says Al Golstein on late night with Conan O'Brien, August 4th, set her in so on. And Norm has very cleverly taken this ad. Crossed out late night with Conan O'Brien and crossed out Al Golstein. For anyway, it says Al Golstein has never been on the Craig Worthingshow, but Norm can't will be. Late night with Craig Worthing, August 5th, 1999, 7pm on WSR something, somewhere on your dial. Thursday today, as norm can't premiere return performance. Even Mark Mosley's embarrassed by that. Even he's humiliated norm can't on the Craig Worthingshow on a station, 1970 on the dial. Right next to that new sports station, we're laughing at Waffen. Right next to that one. Tell us, from the way that was a great job in Paul's a real asshole. And we hit him like poison. How do you like this? I mean, Norm can't. Here's a guy that just battled miraculously. They took a 15 pound tumor out of this man's puppet, OK? And to his credit, fought like a trooper, he has completely cancer freeze undergone all the tests, the bone marrow, great news for everybody. We wish him all the best. He's doing great sound and great like his old self. And unfortunately, this part of his old self has rear to suck we head. Oh, my God. You know something at this point of my life, there's only one thing I can say. Where is self? Oh. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. We got two or three hundred open lines here. You better get in there on this show because otherwise I'll start talking about this spokesman. And to last great move made by the Panther organization, which I know none of you care about. Yeah, this is a great town to have a hockey conversation in. That's why I keep asking that question by the way. Where is self? Because fighting a hockey fan in this town is looking for an needle in a haystack. Like looking for an IQ of about 10 at the U of M. Looking for somebody that's not taking wind surfing and basketball in BCC. Oh, they love us over there at BCC. Like I said, what a great institution of higher learning. They got the best and best at leaving a class in America. Wind surfants getting up there too pretty good. It blows 560, 0560, pound 560 on a mobile. I'm just, I ain't also think I ought to sit here and just let the adrenaline kind of like run out of my body now. After the after that tremendous rush, I just had from that facts. Whoo. Here's Delray B. Chelo. I'm Neil. Yes sir. Have a spot report on our Goldstein. Yes. Um, first of all, they came out there and he sat on the chair. It looked like he was smoking a water bit. Uh huh. And um, he went. First of all, he admits that he smokes pot and a hash all this. He lives in the answer. He knew we blew. Colonels have already stopped the show then. What? What are all that? I'm not going to get it gets better because he tries to plug his magazine. And I couldn't believe it. They bleep out screw. And he goes, just please, everybody check out my website. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Are you serious to another with this man? I take back what I said about Norm Candice. Facts was pretty good. I mean, compared to this story, because the only reason he went on with Howard and Conan was this shamelessly. So man, it's not like, it killed me. I couldn't believe it. You see his big set mouth go. Screw. Come here. Come. And I'm like, oh my god. I'm not coming. I'm not coming. I'm not coming. I stayed up for this poor bastard because I just wanted to see what this guy looked like. I keep matching the voice. Everybody out there, the voice matches the face. What on this? Anyway. So then. Yeah. I love you Neil. Okay. Get this then. He reaches over. He reaches over. And he had his hand on his car, I guess. Right. On the nose on Conan's car. No, Conan has on hand on the, or now he's over. He has to cover it. Yeah. He had a big cigar on the hand and he reaches over for the other cigar on the other hand. And Conan's chump. He flipped. And then, which is the, it was a mess. I don't blame him. Because that's how you know, you do understand Al's not joking about that. Al is so desperate that anything that's alive, even little animals. He said, oh, he goes, I would like to perform the respect for you. I mean, I'm the show. Right. By this time, calmness, like he doesn't know what to think. He doesn't want that. I don't know. And his little fight kick to work on this fire is just like, oh my God. Good. Well deserved to. By the way, I believe that the screw mag is the, oh my God. I thought, I'm sorry, from any, and on top of this. Two man Al didn't hold up the damn bed in Jerry's fish food, the Kennedy. And there he held up. You know, he held up. Pulled it around the standoff or brown leather jacket. It was so, oh, I'm sorry. The guy is just on this. He picks out his, pulls out his freaking, uh, New York City taxi cab license. Yeah. And he's part of the thing. Oh, I'm at a good time, pal. Thank you. This guy's speechless. And to get club you moron, 560, 70560. What else is the second time we saw? Raw. Today, what else he want? 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Well, he did get a little excited. I grabbed that black instrument. We have over in the counter. When we were in here this morning, looking for some sky's tape. Here's a mobile in Miami. We're probably trying to take up those blisters that keep recurring on OJ's hands. Uh, yes, sir. Oh, are you pretty good? Hey, uh, can I talk about, um, talk customer know what an asshole is? Go right ahead, sir. Take all the time you want. Uh, actually, I've been, mean to tell you this, uh, it happened a couple of years ago. Back then, you do a good job at it. We'll give you your own show to talk about this every day. Oh, thanks a lot. A couple of years ago, I worked at a TV station and on the weekends and the sky calls up. And he said, uh, can I talk to my sister Linda? She have worked there. And I said, well, who's this? He said that's a, uh, Paul and her brother Paul Paul crafts, Castro Nova. Yeah. And I was, uh, I was speechless. And I said, uh, without mischievous, I said, Neil wants you to stop stealing his material. Uh-huh. He says, always that. And I, yeah, I told him why I wasn't that. So, so why were waiting for his sister to come to the phone? I said, by the way, what do you think of, um, uh, this was when Phil was relatively new? Right. What do you think of Phil Henry? He said, I think his act is tired and worn out. Oh, my god. Oh, I, whoo. And then you have any idea how much of Phil stuff that he is stolen? I, well, I don't listen to him. I, I, I, I, I never did and I, I haven't said. I'm, but I'm talking about back when Phil was here to make it even worse. Well, that's, that's what he told me and he was, he was quite serious. He said, I think it's a tired worn out thing. Yeah. You know, which, it's, uh, after a couple of months ago. I think all of a sudden the industry are honored to be critique by such a great honorist, uh, owner was, uh, broadcaster is Paul, Castro Nova. Well, I, I haven't listened to him. I never have. I never will in, uh, you're God. Okay, have a right thing. And don't forget all that collab. There's nothing like a good omelet but too many that cluster all kill you. I can't think for sh**. I can't think for sh**. I got my reason. I'm not good. I'm going to go to the door. I left the police. I'm not going to go to the door. I don't. Oh, I'm going to go home with Elkna. But Elkna! Oh, Elkna! Elkna! Oh! Elkna! Elkna! Elkna! Look! I'm going out. Elkna! Elkna! Oh, Elkna! Oh, Elkna! Elkna! Elkna! I'm going to the chair. Oh, Elkna! Look! I look that way. It's all this fucking summer. So it's the end of the day. It's all the day! And straight up. I'm going to the side of the cabin. And I just don't know. I'm going out. It's all the day right now. And it's all the day. And it's all the day right now. And it's all the day right now. And it's all the day right now. Yeah, they're doing a global move on TV. So if it seems like we're a little bit distracted, you like. It's a 15 at 5, 60 WKM data one call on the board. Hey, we were rolling along a signal song. And it goes back to what I was saying in the very beginning of the show. And that is that I consider giving away these stupid dolphin tickets. And have these phones live up for today. Look at that. And the one line we did had that's gone. Now anyway. No calls. Two hours and 15 minutes to took. And the calls they're all gone. Everybody went by by. See, and actually we've had a pretty name good show here today for two and a quarter hours. I was saying excellent show on a scale of 10. I give it about a nine and a half and eight and a half. And eight and a half cash for an over show for nothing's perfect. We haven't used anybody else's maturity yet. That we haven't got credit to. We're concerned for that. She won't think about me when I steal something from somebody else like. I'll tell them that something stole from their concerns. Did we steal a lot from their concerns? No, that's just payback for them playing at Vokusong all those years. That really originally belonged to us. But guys who blatantly steal stuff from other people and then pretended it was their material in the first place. And yeah, we have Vokus Brian comes up with a lot of great stuff and I don't pretend that I wrote it and settle I comedy network and American comedy network and I'm not ashamed to say that other very creative people made that funny stuff. And we use it on a show. Great. We've paid them for the right to do it. That's right. Because we don't have the, we're with all of the time or the, if we had the ability, you know what I'm saying? We'd knock Paul Feet on his throat. In fact, we're sending watches name. And he looks over there to do that tomorrow. Pick it on our good French, full Griffin. Just because he's making so much more money in one week than you'll ever seen in your lifetime. Fatso, big shot, hockey, Mavin. 560, 50560, pound 560, animal-able one line. Got those dolphin saints tickets, baby. How about that opener, huh? Any interest? No, good. And Joe Costell never came back by the way for the rest of the tickets. He's got those jets to get to his hand. I guess he kind of slicked out of here real quick after he made that boo boo on the 98th degrees video. That was a bad boo boo baby. It looked like a boo boo. And there's a couple of boo boo's right there too. A couple of jigaboo boo's there also. Yeah. Oh well, there's something for everybody on there. What's wrong with that? Oh, oh. Well, just as I was thinking or happy to be some dark, complexity young ladies on there, shaking their boobies. Okay? They're jigaboobies. And what's wrong with that? Here's the rail. Hello. Your sharp as ever. You feel sharp as a muscle. Yeah, but you have it. I think show Griffin is the one that put me over the top. He gave me the courage to do this show today. Well, this is not the most interesting yet. The day the day and even before that, it's just, you don't lose a step. You get better as time. That's right. Like an old wine. Incredible. Ailing wine. Yeah. No giveaways. Absolutely. You know, the great way to do inches. I kind of have to give away. See, yeah. No chance. I'm smart. Like Fred, I know what it's all about. And people call it up with their fake story. Yeah, that's right. You know what that's called. That's called buying an easy show. Like when we used to give away those X rated videos and give away these two football game tickets. It's not interesting. Listening. It's pathetic. It's pathetic. And you know, people there. You know, they're sucking up by the way. They're talking to be in the wrong of the bush. But you know, they're doing it. They're doing it. And, uh, when we used to give those videos. Kind of, you mean the laugh when you, that lady earlier, that you said you were pressing the water. It's got a button to tow in the water. You could tell right off the bat. Because you don't have any women we get calling this show. When I saw a woman on there, almost immediately after I mentioned about the dolphin tickets, there was no doubt in my mind. Yeah. No, no, no, the boat is. I thought George, if by the, by some miracle, you do give away no women allow being a, they don't call you. They only call you when there's given away. When they want something for. Absolutely. In addition, it was not only not they call me. They don't even admit they listen to this show. You know, these direlies that they get, it put down their listening to life. That's why the lives and snaking wasn't the show. Yeah, there's no way if you have presented it. Maybe you're prison bitch. Oh, we're listening to life. But can we hear prison bitch? Absolutely. And no interest in knowledge or dolphins is your. I'm through with sports. I've, I've, I've turned to newly there. No more sports. It's basically a waste of my time. Exactly. And the dolphins have let me down for the last 20, some odd years in the Marlin. I don't, I want to say just to one or one, one thing only about the dolphins. And that is that the big of, that it build up. This year is so gigantic and so e. And those promos that they're running know would that they're running their way Jimmy and I came here for one reason and everybody's getting on this station. Oh they're loaded and there's this. I mean the hype is so great that if they don't call almost undefeated and certainly go very deep and probably two of the big dances here, these people are going to be psychotic. Well while people are saying that it was four years and you, you were them, four years and dollars and then now this is a fortune with a dolphin. Trust me, there is no chance the dolphins are going to win this year. Unless like we need a superbowl and I'm the the most optimistic guy but you know I just, you gotta know when to cut your loss is short. Got it when the fish can cut me. All right Neil, have a great day. Hey, uh, uh, let me see anything by Brad the Booker Bell Monte would be good. Okay. All right, let me go. Oh, oh, I love that thing by the way. We haven't played that in a long time. Now that we give somebody to do what is that called? What does that thing call? What are you talking about? The Brad the Booker Bell Monte is saying that dolphin, uh, the buffalo bites on. Oh it's the bills. Oh, well see I got the bills. The bills are off my list because everybody give those tickets away. I don't want to see you got them. That's right. I don't want to say those things. I don't want to say a couple of those heads. The football team, the greatest in the land. Everybody thinks that makes a safe area here. The buffalo bills. Not enough but what? See what I mean? So just sing alone. When you say my name and when you say buffalo superman here, the buffalo bells. Buffalo bells. The celebrated season, the history of human race, the NFL bells. The celebrated season. The flight spread and can be here. Yeah, there you go. And you and your chance up that redneck stuff, delicious and that banjo. Holy sweet god, listen to that. We say buffalo bills. It don't sound so rednecky doing. Everybody sing along now. Are you Bill Fan? Here we go. Where's the buffalo bills at the best team? They have the best record over the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl for a lot of times, which is what I can say, but it's such comes to confusion and they're at the greatest. Like they really like that uniform. They sure is healthy. They have kind of having a fish on their helmet because they're not buffalo whole bills. The best football team. What I ever seen in the history of my life, they are the buffalo bills. The buffalo bills. The whole of Jim Kelly, the greatest quarterback of the league. Yeah, everybody. The buffalo bills. They're the buffalo bills. And they've been around jogging in the stinkin' rotten fish. Well, that's buffalo bills. Buffalo bills. What would you rather have as a pedophile? Well, just playing that. And I think of the comment that allegedly cast it over me. And I had the reason to make it up either. The Fils Act was old and tired and stable and highly said, I mean, Phil Henry's got more talent in the fingernail of his tiny little finger. The nail on his little toe on the whichever foot. The Batman has got in his big putty body. Here's your guy that has never had anything original in his life. Even the air that he breathes, it's pre-breed. Somebody else tried it before he does it. That's how unoriginal he is. And he's taken shots at Phil Henry. And Phil Griffin who makes more money in four seconds than he does in a lifetime? I'm not jealous. I just wish you're like I said, I would have gotten a little piece of the action, more power to her. Phil Griffin. Five, six, seven. Oh, see, she's got two things that you don't have Paul. One is a lot of money and two is a sense of humor. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Mobile and Hollywood. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, I'm coming to give you a nice little pig report. East of University on top. You got two of them sitting there, just picking us out of the water man. Just bust him and go in 25 over the speed of it. So that's your coffee and that's a little pretty funny now. I got to shut up to them again. Then, I want to let you guys know be careful out there man. They're out there for four. Thanks to the good news, pal. All right, Neil. You take care. And watch out for those those swat teams. That'll be next. They're going to have the swat teams when I got the radar care. The porters out there. Then I have the swat teams to come a barrel again on you from all different directions. Oh, you were going 15 and a 13 or something like that. Some crap like that. Some bogus garbage. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. The only show in America where the host can honestly say, I stole a goddamn freight train and I'm proud of it. I make no apologies for it. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good, sir. Hey, uh, I can't believe those two cowards that they hung the phone up like that. Did you see that? When it started getting a little heat, and they had nothing to say back there. And that kid that punked that call before that said some of them about Bolving a Sparcer, which you don't know as you did. She, uh, he gave one version of the story. But I don't know. It sounded to me like they hung up on them because they said, oh, they're gone. And I've heard the click. That's the essay. I'm going to hurt your tape that you played. And it sounded like maybe work. They're going to have time to doctor the tape. Is that what it's all about? How about a doctor the tape? Sound like they dialed. But, uh, unbelievable. You know, it really cracked this is, uh, Rombro or I'm there. He, uh, you know, I listen once in a while. And, uh, the guys, he's starting to suddenly use a some more. We correct that every issue that is, you know, what to catch. Like I said, just like Jim Rene, you're real goody two shoes. And you know something if I'm on Zeta, the last thing I want to do is put somebody on here. That's a goody two shoes. You can go back a little more. Listen to that radio station. Our an interest didn't somebody was supposedly politically correct. And sucks the mayor's fat butt. I'll tell you that right now. Exactly. I mean, look at the listeners. We'll see those listeners. What are they talking about? Trink and beer. Welcome pop. Right. What are we going with that? Get on laid. That's right. Yeah, that's not what. You know what? If you're going to, if you're going to go ahead and talk about that stuff and, and don't have a problem with that, you better have a couple of DJs on there that, you know, support it and live that lifestyle. Because otherwise, this guy's from a, act like, uh, you like above the rest of his listeners. Yeah, ridiculous. Mr. Al-Jaz. Also, I mean, it would really, I'm sorry, I mean, it was a couple of days ago. Actually, today's ago with the, uh, the teachers. He's in their same old teachers should be fired. Yeah. We had, we had spy reports on it and by the way, haven't only the Broward School Board isn't so sure, they're out listening to Paul because it says here in the paper this morning, school board, we consider his devote and they're going to take some time and look at this again because they're coming to their senses now and realizing that they know they're business. Yeah, I mean, exactly. This is those these people to try to live, okay? And, and for, I mean, walk after them, but whether there's much of, you know, whether that's critical is wrong, bro, is wrong, bro, or saying, oh, you know, these, these, you know, that's, I don't want them to be my kids and this and that. I mean, what does it, who knows what this guy does? This is personal. I mean, we'll keep it done. Why don't we want to be fixed immediately to be just to make sure he don't reproduce anymore if he already knows. But we'll keep it good and jury. I, uh, I thought I got to say, and it's got to be a joke. They really are. Okay, great. They pal. Well, thank God we can't be all good. Pyrrton's like, uh, Ron Broward and the Paul Castro Nova. We can't be all real good, good, good, good, two shoes. I sure know that an old pervert like me and proud of it. What am I? Get it sucks. Bill's a cause, Monica's a China. You let's out a gigo. When he makes him way go, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Well, he don't know where a stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human horses. And then I can saw the sun, see their box means to her naked stars, reportedly to go his line. Squirt's court. That place then he was working hard. They'd nice in the ovary office working on a practice of job. He took a match and knew it was an exploding, loaded for Monica was blowing rings up. Bill's a cause and Monica's a China. She let's out a gigo. Every time he makes him way go, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Well, people feel that Hillary's been made a full of fire husband. Feel that Hillary was wronged. But then the linking bedroom she worked morning, morning, how far was doing her with Bill's old bones. Bill's a cause and Monica's a China. She left out a gigo. Every frigging's a honey makes her way go. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. This is full of love, obviously. But you look at a day after late-night with you your workers. No. No. 33 at 560 WQM here's a fax from my says the CEO guy and I don't know who it's your caller is the CEO guy. I don't know. But then writing on the bottom is kind of a giveaway because it's a chronic fax or that writing. But I'm going to read it anyway because I want you to listen to it and then when we get to the very last one he is written on here it'll tell you why I'm reading it. Dear Neil the new Rogers or several things going for it mostly the dumbing down of America follows your rise to popularity where else can gay basirs in high school be converted in dr. only anti-swishy tag basirs today people crave non-involved conflict and having a fearless leader that is also an unswishy homo, gambler, teen boy group group is absolutely a.o.k. Music can make you feel happy, energized, reminded of an abetted settler. The new Rogers show can make you sick people are sick to many degrees for listeners not being as sick as a caller seems to give people a lift. Exactly. I keep by finding how people are more and more easily put on. It's very springer discovered what you've made a living off for years. The world is filling up with dr. spot babes, babes who were cuttle and educated to feel good about themselves these kids in young adults have missed out on the reality that every day crap is something you deal with responsibly. The feeling of being disrespected and revenge or need KNAD need for retaliation is the same lesson they missed as kids. The caneed is the new Rogers show gives them the crap that you must deal with in every day life. It's funny but that also makes me feel good when some jackass would not any idea about life except a 1000 mark car stereo calls. I know you'll be a little my attempt to express my opinion. Congratulations on exploiting this for your own rewards. Thank you. Please wipe a new ass out of all the feel good. Dr. Spoke spoiled future of America S.P.O.K.E. signed the CEO guy and then he writes in his very chronic writing on the bottom which I think is that chronic quit that faxes all morning long one day it's crazy and then it's you know I'm talking about. Oh, Tracy Foster yeah and on the bottom it writes as a bill span I know you're a secret Buffalo fan too no and then it writes what it says it's a tempster right flute FLUTI but instead underlying with a next animation it says FLUTI as in skin. Nice going Tracy Foster Jackass. Anyway talk 35 is the fact police want to get a trapped another chronic with no life. Oh and by the way speaking of a bulletin you know that new Nixon movie called Dick here's the ad for it it says Rex Reed loves Dick. Another bulletin. 560 5060 pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's the mobile info lottery. Hello Neil this is Don I talk to you maybe every other month I live in St. Louis. In fact we talked around a bit for a hockey for a while. Yeah. I'm down all times I deal with the school board but let me tell you something. If I was those teachers I would a sue the newspaper and school the board sue the board. Yesterday some set me all and I don't think I'm wrong. I read correctly not only did it say their names it said what they were doing. Yeah but it's a matter of public record. Yeah but I mean well I agree with you and I pointed that out. I said it's not it's not an invasion of privacy they've been arrested in the matter of public record. They can't do the son sent me for putting it in there even though I agree with you wholeheartedly the Harold for once did the right thing and didn't bother going the uh... glory details of what they were ready to be doing with each other with their spouses. Well get it okay going on the board the school board is really and I'm not taking their side don't get me wrong the bed between a rock and a hard spot whichever way they go they're going to be criticized for being wrong. You know something when you when you get a position like that I realize it's a political elected position but nevertheless if you aspire to hold a position like that you've got to have some co-homes and you've got to do what makes sense you can't just keep sticking your finger up the window like most politicians wondering which ways are going to fly. Right right other thing I guess a lot of them want to go you're in Europe possibly yeah came back and we're talking about how you know they were just got back from two weeks in Europe. And I agree with you. Right yeah yeah so much more liberal but one thing I did find out you were talking about you know boy they don't have any crime there you walk down the streets and well let me tell you I was in France I was nearly I was in Spain you go to Rome you go to Florence the biggest problem they have is ships. Hey Bogotain I was once I had my pocket pick by jutsie what's the big deal with that? Oh you know that's horrendous. No no it's not her right let me ask you this question would you rather would you be willing to trade that for all the shot one's the last time you heard a gun shot in Rome. Well I I've been to drive into Rome sixty sometimes I quit counting already I've been to Rome over sixty times and only once did I hear a gun shot and it was up in the year by some kid it's on protest and eighteen thousand cops of every different variety to pull a sea of the car of an area every policeman under the sun came running out you won't see him the more anytime soon. I know we're just gone up in the air. 100% of the only people I've ever read about getting shot in Italy are the mafia also the you know the black hand is the city is done there killing each other but other than that said they don't see it happened last comment I'll let you go. The mile and they spot team good joke Henry a big joke that's all how to say he needs John Henry. Why I had I had a stop and think because we were talking about still Henry this guy's name is Henry not Henry Henry lies in like the Henry County all 80 N RE why as an all Henry Henry. Henry five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty. Unimobile one line by the way you know that Tracy a foster he's an asshole or whatever it is. We're forcing pot. Yeah. Eight. Bl nowflanzen control on everybody feels straight around. Just 2 out of the best of 3st of 3ndperson I am time to achieve. Some of the icy people checking out my buds last season. They're a kind of first-class raza. It don't pitch the 10-month-jeeals. Now, it's morning and morning. A fine day in the possible truth can see you. I'm sparring in the morning. I feel like I can't actually move out of real. So, those love and tears, you've fought for too. Follow me and let's do the day, it's a place for you. Just see what you would do. So, some of the things you've experienced, as a jaded forest room, there's a pretty little ghost that she's waiting for, it's post, down in the jungle room. We're sparring in what is this man's best. It's the only possible you can see the most 40-footers in this world. Feel I can ask you, who I will, his spot for this man. So, most of the proper folks, you've fought for this man. Feel I can ask you, bow. How long did he work in? How 45 or 560 WCM? That should be our worst problem, a few pick-pockets running around, anybody that wouldn't trade that for all the murder and bloodshed, like I said at one time? 560, pound-560 on a mobile one line, we got Hank Wilburgut, too, in the studio. That's just a clock we got Donny baseball, because we keep plugging away, we got to do it, it's contractual. 630, we got the pre-game, and then again, the Philly's in the Marlins coming up, 7 o'clock tonight. Maybe another 10,000 people might show up if they're very lucky. Here's a mobile info, Latterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. I just want to respond to that caller that made a statement saying that all people had listened to rock and roll, basically, or a pot heads and drunks. He didn't say that. He's talking about the people that listen to Zeta, a lot of them smoke weed and whatever. A little bit of stereo type. To me, I mean, because I listen to rock and roll and Zeta most of the time. Yeah. And I don't do that sort of thing, and I just like rock and roll. And that's why people get off on a stereo type in a different ethnic groups. And then that thing, with ethnic groups that has to do with people like a certain kind of music. And no, they're not all the same, and they don't all look the same and smell the same. And he'd be the same food and dress the same. But I think generally speaking, I had a point. And that is that if you're listening to that kind of music, you're not looking to have somebody come out on the ear to moralize for you. And to give you a sermon every day. Well, no, Ron does get off on his high horse every now and then. And you know, but Paul does in generally, he just, you know, he's a jerk off really. Sounds to me like I think he's disappeared. I don't know what, like in that call with Bob Griffin. I didn't hear him say 10 words. No. Oh, yes, sir, I'm listening. Okay, that's why I just wanted to get off my chest because I think that's where this country gets off. You know, they start, you know, putting people in the category because they do a certain thing. You know, like all people that ride motorcycles are bad people. Right, that's right. People are like rock and roll. And with all the local thing, it's only most of them. That's right. Okay, listen, have a great day. Are you, sir? Not to their bad people. It's just that they probably used to listen to jazz and became probably new from the inside from the joint. Five six, that I'll say joint again. Five six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. In addition to which, uh, Shvow gave a cash and over a lot of free publicity. They anyway, that's going to go. She don't care. She's long. Break it in. Long me $50 billion sweet heart. Come on. Small bills, please. And that's surely tweeters. Boy talk about a turnaround from oblivion and a psychic, uh, whatever the whole, whole, whole his focus thing is. And it is, whole his focus and who cares? You know, not harming anybody unless they're stupid. If they're that stupid and they do something based on what one of those bimbo says, the name is herbs though, whatever happens to them. It just like what the religious crap. You know, if they want to send all our money, Jim and Tanny Fayan starved to that, that's up to them. That's one thing about this country. It's free to be as stupid as you want to be. Remember that song? Luther Camel is stupid as you want to be. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Good. I love your show. I wanted to ask you two questions. One quick question is, do you think that George W. Bush is good for the thing? What does that mean? Of course not. All right. You're going to be good. Well, first not. The best candidate for gay people is Al Gore. So far, based on what the positions they've taken. Okay. And second of all, then bubble. Thanks. And you can't vote just, but I'm not going to, why would anybody vote based on that one issue? I don't know. Because how much is the person good influence that anyway? I don't think. And the second of all, we're kind of like that. Would you recommend? Oh, yeah. Another one of your people, another one here with a fagulous dish. And the likes of this is that here's another one of your holios that some says with this. Right, though. Maybe Sally could help you out. You know, she knows all those experts and get things that are stuck deep in your insides in your inner. Think of it. 560, 50560, pound-prize 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami Beach, hello. How do you get out of the way, you? Okay, sir. I want to get your take on the Jim Brown thing on that King. That's like very Queen. What do you think? Take on what? I don't watch the movie. King, very rarely. Yeah, okay. Because, you know, Jim Brown will be my wife. Yeah. Yeah. What do you mean? What do you mean? What does my take on? What do you want me to say? How're you going to bring to the Beach and Eve, and make the Beach Beach women like all too many people athletes that especially dark and plugged into that face. Treat women like like obdists to be beaten and used and abused, and at the seem to be a very common theme, especially with dark and plugged into that. But not exclusively. That's what I want to hear. You say. What, what is the guy? This is nothing new, was he any idea doing this for years, Jim Brown. I don't know. He was coming up last night. His wife was like saying the whole speech. He's in a town like told you were hurt. So please don't tell me. Larry King, hit him on. Or was kissing his ass. Yeah. Oh, he was shooting. No, it's Blue Tug at it. We are also are you going to the back door voice country? Yes, I am. I'll be there too, Liz. Okay. Who's bigger one, Jeremy or Tommy Lee? Okay. Jamie Lee. She's got the big one. 560 is searching for satellite signal. That means it's the end of the world out there again. It's pouring cats and dogs and we're sitting in your oblivious because we have no window the outside world. We have no idea what's going on. It's the end of the world out there. We lost our signal. We lost our MTV and then of course the weather channel that he put in that stupid thing on her. Don't use your telephone or your electric and that's great. That's just what we need. Don't use your telephone the next hour of ten minutes because it's raining outside and anybody with a half of brain. No, you get electrocuted right away. Right? Don't use your telephone. Thanks a lot, weather channel. You morons. You invicils. By the way, the spokesman. I just mentioned this in passing. Okay. For the sports nerds out there, we might have a few. For hockey fans. We got the panthers. Hope they hit upon the perfect senator play with scoring sensation. They made a draft day deal less than two months ago for the right to check as a Hawking star. You read the opita. And turn out they were the dopied ones because is you coming here? No, no, he ain't coming. We had taught arrangements were made and we offered him a lot of money. And he said, no, he ain't coming. He's staying to play in the check elite league. He don't want to move his family over to this slaughterhouse. He'll stick with the gypsies. Thank you. So once again, the spokesman, we tried. We tried that and it just didn't work out. And we don't know what we're going to do. And the shenner is a very important position on the team. And we'll see how things happen. And make me a nice show. Marine challenge because you got only knows you're going to need the free food. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. See how tell you one thing. You don't know which side your bread is buttered on. Brian, because you're going to hung out with a good guy's like me. With a generous guy instead of the team skates like, whimmer, you know where your next meal was coming from. After you get your ass canned about a quarter of the way through the season this year. But that's okay because George says that murmur never stole a freight train at least, which I did. In fact, if you'd like me to help you steal one, just call. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Can I go a little golf off the theme music? I got a couple of, I got an Italy question and a golf off the question. Oh, you don't want to go to Italy too many gypsies there, sir. Oh, I'll screw the gypsies. That guy, that guy just came back and he's already finding a reason to bitch about it. That's wrong with him. Can you tell me, is there a Coyleon? Is there a city called Coyleon? Yes. Is there anything there that you know of like, where's the enemy? Yeah. Is the report seen? He's running like a historical memorabilia or any type of any attraction there and related to the knock-pots. No. And this Mario Pluto is dead. Does that mean that the next knock-pots is not going to happen? That is absolutely correct. No, what do you mean terrible? We don't have to put up a Leo to caprio now. He's a down-croydioni Jr. Everybody's going to be. I think he'll kill myself before I watch that. There you go. That's a good news. What was afraid of the real name? The actor? Yeah. I don't know. He also played the Indian in dog day after noon. Somebody called. Somebody was calling, tell us. And everybody else is in the house. So I was going to be able to help the court. He's even calling on him. I'm going to play the 20 on him. It's just a mouth here. I'm talking about the Italian. It's really small. Even the way in our mouth. Five six hundred. Five six hundred. Even the way you can speak in. Five six hundred. Five six hundred. Five six hundred. Five six hundred. Five six hundred. Five six hundred. Five six hundred. Here you say, you're ready in Miami, hello. Welcome, Neil. Yes, man. How are you doing? Great. Pop-up castrate is a gigantic A-hole. An asshole, yeah. An asshole. An asshole. And him and his other fabulous friends on his show don't even have a bow to stand up to a black woman. Let's make a more money than they are. Yeah. They just don't give her the time to dance. Hang up on her. What's up with that? Well, it's called lack of a cohones in addition to which being on the wrong side of the thing. I mean, she said she came right out and said we have a little of this claim around there. And the cell of it is she thinks maybe okay. And some of its full of crap and buyer beware. And I mean, times she's laughing all the way to the bank. And that's what she said. And I guess there was this in their pants when she called. I heard a note. What lady. I let her scream or he chiquita's banana and the rhyme. Who had to put his I guess his new testament down for a few seconds to try to pay attention. What was going on there. And that what that other call that you had about commenting about the radio station. You were specifying anybody that listened to that station. You weren't specifying the music. And obviously he is on something for not paying attention to what you're talking. Oh, he might. I mean, I'm saying that everybody who listened to Zeta smokes dope. I would say that they need a smoke dope. And that's a good point. Maybe in fact, maybe if they were smoking more dope, they'd enjoy it better. I know. Or feel a painless. Okay. Have a great day. And you too. I mean, if you like cast your nose. That's okay. He's kind of harmless. It's kind of like a tapioca pudding. Sorry. But I think she wrote put him in his spot this morning. Of course, when Felix said he's going to come over and beat the live and snob on him, I think that really straightens his ass out. That's when you heard the click. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pot 5 60 on the mobile one line. Well, let's see. What about these dolphins Arizona cardinals? I mean, I got to be honest with you. I'm looking at their schedule this year. The teams that are coming here. And I'm thinking of myself, I'm glad I'm giving these damn tickets away. I was it was Hank. Who was saying the other day about what a great home schedule they got a whole random home schedule. I mean, they got, you know, the AFC East teams, which they got to play at home. The jets and the bills and the papers and the calls. But the saints. And the lion minus Barry Sanders and the Arizona cardinals. Why should hope they keep Jake Plum or the trouble? For law fee Eagles, the Eagles. Even Norman Braiman will go to see that. The Tennessee Titans. And the Chargers. John, by the way, what is it? John Kuzal. John Kuzal was the actor played for it all and also the Indian and the dog they acted on. Attica. Attica. The same as two homosexuals in here. I don't want to say this to me. Attica. Anyway, it's four minutes before one great movie. There's an actor for an Al Pacino. There's an actor. Not Robert Frick and the hero who's always the same greaseball. Give me Al Pacino. There's a guy. Now they will fear you. I think they should fear you. She was good too. You know something. She wasn't good at all and got father too. But Godfather 3. She was damn good. Of course, what you were surrounded by. Maybe she just looked. Maybe that's why we seem so good on this station. I'm sorry. I just a joke. God. God. God. God. You. My. God. God. God. But it's. It's the one to do out. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. Well, she got those nice and same. And she put up with it. One nice stand out. And she forgot all the bad. And we'll be there to look at this beat now. How young is too young? And that's the day of your day. God, till we once eromed and see it now. And she will find my husband. Give a bonus down a big deal. Hey. But to the source. Well, she thought all the love. That can start with just one. Come around. Now she acted the sign. If it's you made it's fine. You think it's a real sculpture. Now I'd have to cut my tongue. But that's your son in the ear. Maybe because you took him for some post. You called him out. That's as you should. And I will find my husband. Okay. One, two, a five, sixty. W two. We got six hundred open lines. One call left on the board. That's him four miles. We're doing great in four miles. Daydeng Broward. We're doing not so good. Five six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty. On the 18. T line. Here's our lonely call. Hello. You got it. Yes, sir. Yes. I'm a transplant from Pompon, O.B. I just moved over here about three months ago. I'm from the old crowd. We got it moved a lot of transplants over the four miles. Maybe we started numbers up there in the day. They're pretty weak. They're embarrassing. Well, I'm not a bugger. I'm sorry. I'm not a bugger picking red neck. I'm just, you know, the transplant from your old area there. And I've been in the hospital for about a month. And I tell you made my stay a lot easier. Good. You out now? Yeah, I'm out now. I was involved in auto accident. And it was kind of a, I waited coming to this town. But, you know, I'm, I'm so glad you're over here. And you're not going to get stole us into everything. Okay. Feel better, Pompon. Okay, buddy. Take care of yourself. Okay, now. Bye, buddy. Okay. There's a good guy in Fort Myers. There's one. That's how we build our audience one at a time. And you know, something, your good buddies over there. They got you brainwashed. How much they love me. They never facts this this morning numbers. They're probably doing pretty damn good there in the morning. I'm not that it's not going to hurt my ego. I have a two share or a 28 year in Fort Myers and going to make any difference to me or my paycheck or my ego, which I have none. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. You've ever been to them like an old country, general store with the checkers on the barrel and old people in the living room. I've been to Fort Myers. I haven't, listen, I've been to Stookees. No, seriously, like once in a while, years ago, I used to drive up to Tampa, which quite frankly is too goddamn far. But if you drive up to your Hershey highway, they're up 75 and you got to take a leak or something or gas up. You got to stop at Stookees. Get some of that real over price. Can you especially that peanut brittle man, you can watch your teach just crumble as you're two and it's great. Especially if it's like we all like two or three years old. There's nothing like and when you get it all like mash together in your mouth, you're really not sure what the that sensation is, whether it's really the peanut brittle or some teeth that are rolling. You know what I'm saying? I'll round it around there in your mouth. And then you start gumming the last part and you have a pretty good idea. You start gumming it and the peanut brittle too. Here's a mobile in Boca, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Speaking of Tom Green, I was teaching in the Bahamas a couple of weeks ago and he was filming there. He was doing a trapeze act. Really? Yeah, it was actually pretty funny. You seem like a nice guy with something. What about that? Yeah. Yeah, you got a permanent counterboy. I'll never miss that show. Yeah, you're a funny guy. The other time I wanted to ask you about I sent you some godfather books recently. Wonder if you got them. Yes, I didn't. Thank you so much. You're very welcome. So, thank you. Interesting new stuff. Yeah, I'm glad you liked it. Loved it. Okay, Neil. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. I'll see you in Corleone. Let's go. I'll reveal it to you. All right. Gotta beat that whole out of this drawing. Of course, they got those gypsies over there. Those pig pockets. Oh my god. They're bad. I mean, yeah, they all dress like gypsies. They all have that same garb on. It's like holding up a big sign. It says, oh, the gypsies, no better watch it. Because I might be a pig pocket. And they're all carrying the women carrying little babies in the rooms. They got one in the oven and one in their arms. And they got to two or three other little kids with a cardboard that they hold up in here to distract you while they pick your pocket. Which they didn't need one time very nicely, by the way. Until I caught out of what it was all about. And like I said before, that should be my biggest problem. You walk in Rome and the people with the oozees are the soldiers standing on the street quarters in a couple of places. And on some very conspicuous spots. So you make sure you see them and some of the piatas. You see the guy with oozee on his shoulder. And there you go. And you feel very safe. I'm not paranoid that all of a sudden they're going to come after me or any. I'm delighted. And in the Netherlands, you don't see anybody with a gun once in a great while. You'll see a cop that's got a holster with a gun. And you most of them are often not walking around with a nightstick. They don't even carry a gun. And please don't tell me your bothered by gypsies in the Netherlands because I never seen no gypsies. There are some freaky people there. But did I ever say any gypsies there bothered anybody? No. No. Don't hey, listen. I'm glad you're having a good time here, sir. 56050505060 on the AT&T Wireless Line. This is America where our middle name is. Yeah. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, I am. I'm visiting down here from Central Florida. I come once a week and I listen to you show every time I'm here. Oh, God bless. I have my two sons with me. Is there any way that you guys could play that song about the girl laying in the field you changed, but they changed. I work in farmers daughter. You got it, man. Thank you. Coming up on a heartbeat. There you go. I like that. Even the people from the Central Florida, they like the farmers daughter. Literally. They love the farmers daughter, much as they can. 56050505060 on the AT&T Wireless Line. And she better be here without you. We're good looking. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How are you doing, Neil? Pretty good, sir. I want to be there on the bush. I'm not a dolphin friend myself. I just moved here from a door for four years ago. My eight-year-old son loves football. He doesn't matter what game he goes to. I even took him one time to a free season game. It's as any ticket that you would have. He would love it. Well, I'm not going to be there on the bush either, sir. No. Okay, seven minutes after you want it. 560, WQM. We have some open lines here. 560, 750, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I wish you're son the best. I hope he has a great life. I hope he finds him very productive activities to take up his time. Some worthwhile things. And the meantime, I'd love to give you these tickets. But Joe Costello with Suggin really, certainly, because Joe, you know, made a great contribution to the show today. And redeemed himself for making those idiotic comments about the 98 degrees video. If I give me the great facts, one of the great, which I'm saving this, this is a keeper. This is a keeper, this fact that leder to the editor in US today. A keeper, in of course, I don't redeuce it today, because being old and people like I am, though I could blind it easily by those colors. And I just, I can't handle all those splashy purples and go, oh, I just start freaking out. Holy, Macaron, this is Joe Ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. There was no farmer who lived on here. I said in the middle, just a genius, that some boys who were down by the prick. There being no water, there is on their marbles and glaping, then at half past four. There came a young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass, she pulled up her dress, and she showed them her run bulls and leaps, and white fluffy dark. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children, so they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you standing there, thrown yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye to the fellow, down by the dock, even a black gunman with a side-up hole home in the country with a big fence out front. If he had to phone like they she'd show him her nando bet dog who was subject to fit, and maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender and with the movement so quick, and then she'd then over and suck down his candy, so tasty made of butter sky, and then he spread whipped cream all over her cookie that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go to yourself. 14 to 5.50 WQM, you're welcome for that and by the way. Where is self-sure? Here's a fact that says you've been talking about the cops running the 16 year old girl hooker rings. You haven't said much about the prison guards in Florida State Prison in Stark, where they've been beating the crap out of the X-wing the life of prisoners for months. They just beat Frank Valder's nine men on one, broke all his ribs, partured his testicles, and countless cuts and bruises inside his mouth on his face, the cops that he committed suicide. Even the other witnesses prisoners in the other cells have been threatened to keep quiet and have been maced in one head as job broken to keep quiet, the facts is Jim. So there you go, Jim, and what am I going to do about it? Am I disgusted by it? Am I nauseated, may've halted by it? You see, since I live right here in this community, since the media is spying us in gutless and pretend they put on a kind of a marginal act to be investigative journalists and news people and they suck. We may have to call them and you know something, we may have to get some of the network people to come down like the 60 minutes people are burning gold bird from CBS for some of those guys. And take a look at this scandal with the police in Dave County and how this thing was our stop so fast. And how come everybody else is like the cat's got their tongue. Eeeeh, yeah, nobody knows nothing. Story just died. It just vanished like it never happened in the first place. The swingers, the adults who paid, who paid a lot of money to go in there and be a member to a private club. Those people got their lives ruined, maybe. And certainly got busted by the swat team of the BSO. All right, right here at Forcaine Jenny. How could life go on in Broward without a good fashion boots stopping bastard like Ken Jenny? Hear a lot about that. And how these two school board, the school board assholes may suspend it even fire these two teachers. It's still in limbo. They're doing a limbo rock because they were doing bad things with their. Rimes with rock. But as far as a prostitution ring, 16 year old girls cops all over the place and they'd county coming and going mostly coming morning noon and night. Oh, a story just goes away. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 18th, 12th line. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Let me. That's you sir. You didn't know by changing the button on radio because save a man's life. Did you know that? Sure. The last week when the thing on was on about that person that we couldn't stand. They were making all that fusses. He was down 441. The 595, the word I grew up was. I figured I got to jump by. The man came on a rear seat and a clock. I said, oh my god, I pushed the button and it's sick of my life. There you water. Thank you. Thank you. Exactly. We love you. Okay, nice going sir. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. You're a young man. Take me to the foot of the George Washington Bridge. 560, 560. Oh, and by the way, you know, you people at the hero do not fool anybody. They put a whole bunch of letters to the editor in this morning about the attacks. The election. Most of which, of course, agreeing with the outcome. And one woman wrote in there, you said, you could hear the sound of the voters. You could roll down your window and hear the sound of the voters all screaming the same thing saying saying, I'm not even mad at him. But I just didn't take this anymore. Oh, but they didn't put their hell in there. I'm mad and I'm not going to take it anymore. You know, God forbid we should put the word hell in the Harold. Almost a good place for it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. A meal. Yes, several questions. How you doing? Very good. This Tom Green guy, you've been talking about one thing on Thursday night, 10 30 on MTV Thursday, 10 30. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yes. If you like an updated version of TV, harming or something like that. Kind of, yeah. Okay. Looks a little like him. Yeah, geez. Another thing, I miss. Okay. I had an accident. I saw one of TV's Jesus. How does his brother Fred doing by the way? Oh, I ran into the ranch. I heard I was about farm and he looks like it. What is this guy doing on National Teller? He took a lot of me. He looks like the damn scarecrow. Exactly. Well, this is how to time green. And don't drink too much of that milk. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and pop at OB. Chill out. You got speaking. Love you, show Neil. Wal time listener first time caller. I don't care anything about those Miami dolphins, but I'm from Phoenix. I like the Cardinals. What am I chance on a ticket to that game? I'm a scale of what about a scale of zero. Yeah. Even Steven on a scale of zero. Oh, Neil. Plus in minus zero. Have a nice day, pal. I'm somewhat offended now. I mean, it's only been three people, but I'm still somewhat offended by the fact that I, you know, I come on here. See, you don't care about me. You care about us. About you, about yourself. Selfish. I care about me because I'm here to make a living. I'm here to entertain and amuse and first rate and aggravate whatever else it is I do, but I'm also here to make a living. And so when I come in here and tell you that it's not beneficial for this program for me to start giving a bunch of crap away on here and how much better. I mean, I mean, spectacularly well, we've been doing since we stopped giving away a bunch of crap to whimpering, sipping suckles. Then I think you ought to say right on, man. See, and if all the phones were lit up all the time, I mean constantly. Like those 50s, 60s, and remember we did an IOD many years ago. Back when this town had living and breathing people in it. Then we wouldn't have people like this guy calling it. Who wants to go to the game, not to rule for your dolphins, by the way. But for some bogus team, would you, would a plumber at quarterback? Would a plumber at quarterback? Next up, we bring in G Gordon, who lives here to play on that team. And at our team, it's got a video. My M.A. has so frustrated. The greatest football team we think about for the cold, like no one's ever seen. 560, 5050, 60, 2560 on the AT&T wireless line. Of course, if that isn't good enough, by the way, George, to get him worked up for the football season, there's always. Good timing. 560, 5050, 60, and 2560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Pembroke Pine, hello. First one, I like to call take up an asshole. I like to say that my boss said that you got caught checking off of him and we do their southeast. Yeah, great. Thanks. Seriously, did you? Did I hear what? Did I get set up by the team? My enemy is a freaking liar. I like to call land an asshole too. I'm letting ask you this. Suppose it is true. Suppose I did. I would love you even still. Okay, have a great day. They just can't stop. They just can't stop. 100 years from now. Oh my god, back 100 years ago, to my enemy, please send you work. Yeah, and. He roged his arrested crossing Collins Avenue. Oh my god. 560, 5050, 5060 on the AT&T wireless line. I think it's too bad we couldn't have those swatting come in. Had them all come. Here's a mobile and by the way, next try the second day and a row with that one. Mobile and West Miami, hello. Hey, near how you doing? Okay, sir. Wow, was an LA last week and looking to fill a little bit. By the way, when you say that Miami dolphin song. Remember, remember that character you used to do with the guy from the Vuffle Bill? Yeah. That was fantastic. Are you in the ring? Yeah, it was great. Anyway, I mean, I don't know. You know, I don't listen to him on the internet or anything. I listen to him when I was out there in LA. Yeah, why not? Why don't you go into my unit? He's got the world because I just don't have time to get laws on it or stuff. Anyway, I, he's got to a mistake, I think, didn't he? What do you mean by that? Well, I mean, he was doing basically a mistake. He was on the radio. He was my stick. He'll have a little bit of an end. He'll have an end. I don't do what he does. That's that's not. Listen, listen, I'm not. I'm going to look into you guys for a long time. Yeah. I was so angry. Yeah, I loved the guy. So what are you talking about? I don't know what he was. He wasn't doing any people, any guests, any voices, anything. He was just doing like, you know, talking about other talk show hosts and disguise as screwball and, you know, doing, I mean, you know, it's a funny show. He's very talented, but he wasn't doing any of it. Well, when, you know, we were lifting, I just think of you that we got was there, you know, from a hour or so and night. But you, and I kept on coming back and forth because, you know, I was an into the local stuff he was talking about. And that's not what I hear. I hear he's doing his regular sticks for the, you know, he's doing it the first three hours in the last hour. He was doing other stuff. And that's why they cut the show down to three hours now is what I hear. Oh, yeah. All right. Why do you wear the last thing I want to talk to about those in Vegas too? Hello. I'm listening, sir. I went to the Venetian. I'll be defensive, please. All right. I went to the Venetian. Are you seeing that place? Yeah. I've seen the outside. I haven't gone inside yet. Very nice hotel. However, what does that still need? Yeah. What a service disaster. I'm talking about if, if, if the people that are working there for service, they're, if they're, if they're getting your towels to your room and, and clean in the pool area and what it is after the worst the worst the night is a hotel. I've ever been in the United States. But the worst when it came to just personal service. Well, I'm glad I'm standing in the MGM. I love the MGM. Pretty bad. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Thanks for the report. And have a great day. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. In fact, we're all sitting here watching MTV right now when they have global group comes back on. And we're all going to have a big circle, George. What do you like that? Oh, it's just so American man. It's so sad. Here's a mobile-in-pointing beach, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hi, dear. Why can't Christian listen to you every day on my way to work from Hong Beach to Miami? Oh, my God. I sure hope we all stand in between you and those early gates, man. You're very entertaining. Actually, I'm living in Miami. I guess I'm driving from Campbell to the downtown. And I want to have every day in traffic. Yeah, I don't blame you. But I do the same driving. Well, it's worse than being in purgatory. I do the same thing driving from Palm Beach to Miami now. I'm a single mile of time for no traffic. Right. Just want to call, say, it was the all time. And when I think of a single self, I think it's a bit of a signal. I'll ride. Have a great day, pal. I need to be there. God bless you, or at least. Oh, God. Bless you. He said Wayne, I want to say that though, because he's a good guy, and we're discussing and perverted. And stole a freight train. Wonderful Wayne ever stole a freight train. You think? Probably even stole a caboose. No one him. Just to make sure, you know, I mean, he spare parts anything and get his hands on. This is she Gordon Liddy, and they don't come anywhere. The new Rogers. I don't have to grow up. I'm a gunner up here. I can always feel myself for something bad. I did it's gonna be cool when I kill everyone. It's cool. So I'm a dad, said it's okay. I'll exercise my right. I'm driving an R.A. That lets me be a gunner up here. He's the guns are up here. I told him how to shoot. Look, he really loves the shadows. Look, no ace at time, but you. I'm a harmless, sorry. Not serious. The size I'm thinking is the name of a lifetime member of the NRA. That's why I raised the guns the rose. Here's some. Oh boy, who is it my gun? I'm glad I got a gun the rose. I'm a man. Okay, here's what I know is by the way for the guy that was so upset about the gypsies in Italy. This just in, I've gunned an open fire. I two businesses outside Birmingham, Alabama today. Killing three people, police said. The suspect was erected shortly after a car pursued by police. Police in Palam said they released every week. The 911 call shortly after seven a.m. today. The two people have been shot. The second 911 call was placed minutes later. Police on the scene found an employee did. Police said the 34 year old suspect was erected after a brief scuffle. When officers approached after forcing his car, I'll be the shoulder right under state 65 in nearby Clinton County. The two businesses were identified as post-airgiss. What? Oh air gash on Alabama Highway 31 in Palam. And nearby Ferguson, that apprises Inc. Palam about 15 miles south of Birmingham as a population about 12,000 little times. Big gun. Big bullet. Dead people. There you go, baby. Thank God, we don't have to worry about those gypsies because the shoe dot. That's more like that's the America's fucking way. Right. Two intoxicated men including one American were fine. $400 a.m. for urinating on passengers, court court and airplane seats while aboard separate flights to Amsterdam official said Thursday. The two incidents happened over the past two weeks and flights by the same airline. Police would not name the carrier or the main in line with privacy regulations. While waiting 26 hours in Cairo, I'm July 25th for a flight to the Dutch capital. A Norwegian man consumed excessive amounts of whiskey in vodka. Military police spokesman, a woman marked your Miller said. One air once airborne the man felt the urge to relieve himself and get dampened the three nearest seats. Scorts, scorts, scorts, scorts, scorts, scorts, those crazy Scandinavians, baby. Always. A lot of drunk side, Norwegian, Swedes. Two days later on July 29th at American passenger rank eight cans of beer while airbore before letting down his pants, stumbling through the aircraft with a glass of alien and finally urinating over three seats and his neighbor slaves. Scorts, scorts, scorts, scorts, scorts, scorts. A ride. Flight attendants over power the man pulled up his trousers and alerted authorities at Amsterdam's skip-all airport where military police are responsible for security. Dutch military police find the two men $480 each for unruly behavior. The airline intends to press charges against the American for cleaning costs and disrupting fellow travelers with his shocking behavior. How do you like that? Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Let's go to Miramar, hello. Miramar. Going one, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Love your show. I just wanted to let you know. Well, friend of mine, he flew down from New York this weekend. He was on American and Guy in first class didn't like his meal. He threw the tray at the stewardess. Real nice. But I don't have something there. I'll take that to the food on American. Better than most of this other crap they give you. Right. But I was talking to my friend. And he gave this to me. He was telling me about some guy that he works with. He told me the guy with a shorthair and had I not listen to your show all the time. I wouldn't have known what that was. So, show is very educational. Okay. Thank you very much. And congratulations. And I also got a book last month. And Neil all the way down. It was that was it. I made sure you're going to have a good book. And, uh, love your show. And Guy bless you. Okay. Bye. Thanks. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. There's shooting them up and Birmingham. Maybe there's shooting them up and there's a lot of them. They're shooting them up from coast to coast. So, you see American effin' away. We love our guns. We love those guns. We love those assault weapons. We love those guns. They're anything. And everything. Those AK47 and those 357 magnum. We love them all. And you got some of the earth taking those things off too, by the way. Those, uh, what they call? Off the end of the assault weapons. They took the, uh, the NISO. What they call was the band. The band at Thumbsore. Well, it's so, uh, you know, almost me evil. They in it. It's so American. So, uh, revolutionary day type of crap. How about let's bring back some muskets, huh? Oh, yeah. They got them. I'm sure we do. Some nice brand new ones that are like, you know, high tech. Yeah. Yeah. I'd like to have high direct. Here's Pepper Pine. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. I got a solution for this whole dolphin thing problem. Well, what problem is that? Well, that's a ticket. You got people calling you and everything like that. And like, like an auction like, like, like, like, like, like, like your own business. Five, six, seven. I have no problem at all, dispensing with these tickets. Sir, and with all due respect, I have no problem at all, uh, ranging my life. Okay. I know this make up is a great shock to you. All the tickets go where I want them to go. And I raise a lot of money for Senator one. I'm doing a lot of my time to send them one. We did a great job. Last year, I'm sure we'll do an even better job this year. Things are going just fine. So, please spare me the advice. Call up Dr. Laura and give her a song. And then call up Judge Judy, too. I'm sure she'll put you in your place. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Why don't you do this? Why don't you do that? Why don't you do that? Why don't you, why don't you, why don't you, oh, that too? Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pond. Like I told you, DNH and TNC take no crap. Oh, keep that in mind. Okay? All you kids out there. I mean, certain times you're like you have to take a little crap, but don't take a lot of crap. So it's always good to take a good, but don't take a lot of crap from anybody. And as you get a little bit older, and a position for a little more of us, to ability, and a little bit more confidence, take no crap. For anybody, unless there's a lot of money involved. And then only long enough until you got all the cash, and the check is cleared. That's right. That's what you do it. And then tell them crap to you. So you only way to do it. Treat people well, but if they treat you like crap, you will give it right back to them. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. I'm calling in because I just about four days ago, I got in an order from Britain, I'll book some Canada who had Canadian postmanage to screw up my book and lost it. But I just finished this morning and around nine o'clock in the morning and just finished their world of gods. Right. And as that was an amazing book. It's an amazing read. Yeah, the guy that originated in the Sun Sentinel didn't like it too much because it made too much sense, I guess. So they had put him in charge of writing the review. And I guess the religious, there's one of those guys who's in Dr. Kenby's pocket up there at Coral Ridge. So that really made a lot of sense. Nice going again, Sun Sentinel. You've phony baloney fakers. You know what the thing about it is? We got to make believe newspapers in this town. Two, let's pretend newspapers. Yes, go ahead. I'm just talking myself. Yes. Oh, no, I'm sorry, my phone's coming out. That's okay. Yeah, it was the only logical approach to a supreme being that I have ever read. In other words, without any of the phony baloney and objective look, which are the amazing. Yeah, the only thing that I really wish was he had put noted a lot of of his quotes more, his biblical references. Because I had no idea where some of these references were coming from. And I'd like to go back and look at him and you know, force wise, you know what? I mean, maybe looks at a pretty different translations. If I now have to go to an idea, get one of those bottles with the topical index in there and also get some of the topical ointment too for your eyes while you're reading it. Oh, well, yeah, that's man and a schmanta for my head. But I mean, it was a great book. I'm really glad you're, you know, recommended and, you know, you should said, let me tell you this when you see men walking around in a dress. When you see people walking around with a silly beanie on their head, you know, right off to that, you've got people who are in serious need of some assistance. You know what I'm saying? Or some acid, if you know what I mean, or maybe they're going to be you to the point. Okay, have a great day, pal. I take it easy. And we'll see you around. Yep. 560, 560, pump 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Didn't like that book over there at the Sun Sentinel video, huh? Same people I want us to pay tax money to build a bin in their stadium. They didn't like Charles Tabletons book because it made to God damn much sense. Oh, sorry. And it's all old stuff anyway. It's all been said before. Yeah, it's okay. Let's keep saying it again and again because it makes a lot of sense. Stop giving you money to a bunch of figures. In fact, I'll tell you one thing if I had to choose, at least I'd rather give my money the psychic hotline and 12grips and surely tweeters and those other whoever they are in there. Old bags. I'd rather give my money to them. I don't want to give it to either one, but if I had to choose if I had my brothers, I'd rather give it to them because at least they're entertaining and very bizarre and perverse way. Although, so is the church, but mostly in just a perverse way. Only in the banana republic, baby, only in Miami. Well, I'm not sure if I'm gonna take it to the church because I ain't got any fat. Now, we're after I ate them in the John I said. I knew they had some side of six that I thought I'd take a chance. That right after I swallowed them, I felt my colon dance. Oh, let's draw my balcony and just see. I don't mean that can't have swatting with my pants around my knees. Hey, oh, let's draw. Now I'm afraid to see. But it might feel something disgusting running down my knees. Well, I should have seen that morning that they put on the bag. I'm sure it has been suspicious when the clerk gave me your bag. So, with you, with them, don't be surprised if you're barely heard. And then about an hour, you'll have the useless course. Hey, oh, let's draw my balcony again. To see. So, in the can of swatting with my pants around my knees. What made you fall by this year? Well, I'm afraid we're just going to get used because of my, oh, I'm feeling disgusting running down my knees. Okay, what did I get out of here? 144 at 560 WQM was just anxious to point out that yearly, it's like what? 30, 40, 50,000 people die from handguns in America. And it's guys worried about a few gypsies, niddly. I think maybe he went to the wrong place. Just astonished. Anytime I get a call like that, of course, there's something, but you must understand a matter where they go. Instead of looking to have a good time and enjoy the good things to be. They're always looking for some kind of a problem, something to bech about. Something that wasn't perfect. Hey, to write the news to you, sir. Paradise ain't there. There was a paradise bullet of art, or avenue, or whatever is in Vegas, but it ain't there. Here's Holly, but hello. Yes, sir. A Colombian who in the heart was hitting it in the bunk too. I'm home watching the box. About 10 commercials from Bo Griffin, about two hours. Right. He's on the ground, stop. That's right. He's working it in. You got it. That's much music. I got it. Hello. Yeah, listening. Yeah. Yeah, what's the bunk on the floor for today? Okay, 567. 560. Paul can't understand. Where he is? He's got the thing in his post. Pound 560. On the 18T wireless line. Here's Alan from the trapeze too. How are you doing Alan? Is it for you? Are you? I'm hanging in there, they say. I want to thank you for all you support that you give in us. Well, I think this anybody that saw that piece on channel 7. I mean, this is one of the most unbeatable. Maybe not see Germany, you'd expect this. He's something like that. With a swat team coming in, they're acting like the world is coming in. Like they have a bunch of axe borders inside. This is insanity. Oh, but you got it out in the stand. I mean, there was 3 BSL and then the new screw came in and then the other 27 came in. Right. After the new screw arrived, right. To make it really great. Like a major operation. That's right. Like it wasn't a publicity stunt from the get-show. Right. But again, I just want to thank you for all your support and willing people. What's going to happen with this? I mean, I know. They were in close to mother places down. How are you going to be able to stay open? Well, we're still stating that we are private club. And that people can do what they want to do in a private club. Right. I mean, they keep forgetting that this is American people have the freedom of choice and the freedom of to choose. And everything else. It's here like, in brown China, they feel like the first amendment disappeared. And it's coming. I'm getting back in there. He's bringing back today's an addictive Earl and Bobby Butterworth. Yeah. And I'm going to tell them that the person amendment is alive and well. And I'm going to fight it all the way. You know, all the way up. Good for you. Good for you. Good luck, Alan. Thank you very much, Alan. Okay. There's Alan the owner of Chappies, two one of the swing clubs. And of course, a horrible, horrible thing. Oh, my God. There are people doing stuff inside. I don't see any difference between that. And a couple went over to another couple's house. And a privacy is somebody's house. And they decided to swap them mates or whatever they're doing there. It doesn't. Nobody's business. Nobody's I'm just waiting for somebody to say, we know these teachers are going to be one hell of a bad role model for their students. Well, their students, everybody know about it in the first place. Nor do they have any right to know about their teachers sex lives. None of their business or anybody else's. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. See, this is the same thing like with Clinton, you know, in the Monica business. Same thing. How does that affect anybody's life? Does it affect the country? No. The world is laughing at this country. They have been for two years on that bullcraft. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Did I do it? Okay, sir. Just listen to your earlier. I couldn't agree more. Is it me or is this the only city that Brian Murray could still be the GM of this occupant? Yeah, because you have no fans who understand a game and you have an owner who really, you know, just got to know what he's thinking about. I don't know. It drives me nuts. I mean, all the major mistakes that he's made. Oh, now we're still stuck with need of Meyer and with all these other losers on out. I mean, they did unload some dead weight, but in the meantime, what do they replace it with? Sure, nothing. Nothing at all. I want to take it still. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. There's a great call. That's one of our hockey intensive people. Can't just call. Have a discussion. How about those tickets there? And, but guess what? We only have two calls left in the board of kill last 12 minutes here. So I could do it around a play games with the tickets, but I'm going to take it right now. I'm giving them all the Joe Costello because I promised them in the first place. I gave them one in a pair of tickets and a parking pass to the fat boy for the bills game. Because he's from Buffalo. He's a bills fan and in addition to which it kind of feels sorry for a guy that weighs 900 pounds. You know, we let him in in a big wheel. Barrow hill have a good time. He never stole a free train. Unlike some of the rest of us. He ain't too bad of a guy. Fat boy. He just is the, is the, is the sales guy. What do you expect? And the rest of my goal to Joe Costello. How do you like that? Because I promised him to Joe. He's got him. Am I giving him to Jason? Oh, do you, uh, clearance? No. No. Because like I said, thanks a big shot. He's, he's a much bigger guy in the sports world than I am. I'm not in the sports world. I just have to get free tickets because I'm a bit radio big shot here. And got a good contract and a good lawyer who ought to stay off the radio. But I think the Humphor ought to take care of those guys or not as he, I mean, that's up to him as he chooses. But, you know, we'll take care of some food for you guys. But the tickets? No. No. No, it rhymes with Joe. Here's a mobile and store. Hello. Amy, I, uh, pretty damn good, sir. All right. You made somebody mentioned before about the, uh, in made on death row that was, uh, okay. Uh, I want to thank the correction officers up there whether they did it or not for saving us our taxes. Okay, great. Thank you. Here's a mobile and Fort Latterdale, huh? Hello there. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing today? Okay. Okay. I'm on the assumption that you take milk-winter, oh, I never happened up there. That was publicity. It's so newspaper. It's so commercials, et cetera. Yeah. This cool teacher said, yeah, it was a big issue. Now it's so newspaper. It's sales commercials. You take a sore direct, let's say it Albert's going to make it a low job from a clerk or a cashier. Or a juicy penny, the sore man needs your, for example, might get it from a young cashier or whatever. That never makes a headline. Born, old cashier, yeah. Born, old cashier, yeah. Born, old, old, old. Born to leave a loan. Does that wouldn't sell one bloody newspaper or sell another Tyson ass? That's it. Well, I think I like Alan just said a minute ago, you know, well, once the camera's got rolling in other 20, 70s, this one teen guy came rushing in to make it look like there was this major bustle on major operation, protecting the public. Another, another horse in a pony show for Ken Jenny to put on for the public. I mean, only morons would buy in the discrab. Well, it's kind of you to I am a member of the trapeze too. I've been a member for a couple years. I know I'm okay. Right. My name is that. Okay. So I'm not hiding nothing. Okay. I have been to the trapeze with my wife and in the occasion. And we have never went into the background. We've kept our clothes on. Right. And we drink. We've had a good meal. And basically what a bull's not or you did whatever you wanted to do. And we've got good people that aren't ponies. Right. But another boss has to go through the other line of crap that you might have to go through.