Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale for ZX the Neal Rogers Show To talk to Neal called 560 560 toll free for data-powered Orphanel 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neal his guest callers Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley Redensation, or the usually brought down fruit Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560 2AM I must be crazy, I must be crazy, I must be nuts Listen to me, it's just stand behind me for sofaking and it's stand Where everything is out that a high sofaking standards The selection isn't just huge, it's sofaking huge Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else And sofaking surprises aren't just low, they're sofaking low You'll never find them anywhere else, listen to me When I say sofaking as a beautiful store, I mean sofaking beautiful And I say a strap is helpful, I mean sofaking helpful Listen to me, get to know the sofaking and enjoy a selection that's sofaking huge A stack that's sofaking courteous and fresh is that a sofaking low You'll never shop anywhere else, but don't take it for me Take it from satisfied customer frank and stine Sofaking good You're sofaking good Okay, 10.550 WQM and I'm laughing, I'm back and I'm laughing Oh, I must be crazy, I must be nuts Yeah, that's John Henry by the way, just in case you didn't recognize the voice Because who the hell would that was the amazing John Henry? Nice going John, nice going baby Oh, what are the many outrageous unacceptable things that happened? I'm away for a few days and I come back and it's gone All of these things, you know? They have a nice format man tie, one of the only popular players on a team that nobody knows and nobody cares about They have a nice format of all parts They're going to give away 20,000 pins with this picture on it To the first 20,000 people who come in which of course is wishful thinking Because they only had a little under 18,000 come in But nevertheless And what do they do on the day that they're going to have this event that night? They train them Oh, right I must be crazy, I must be nuts Yeah Not that anybody cares about this stuff But it's just so typical of all the crap that goes on in this town Nice to know that nothing has changed in just a few days Not that it would By the way, Mayor penis belongs in jail now I'm going to pay you that I'm going to be the one voice in this town that's going to tell it like it is about this Fony baloney Oh, yeah, this young guy comes along He's not part of the establishment right Yeah Own lock stock in Burl by the so-called downtown power structure He should be in jail How many fraudulent elections do we have to have? How many lies? How many subversions of the public will that we have to have? Before this man is either impeached Throw them out of office or his action be in jail Oh, yeah, now Mayor penis Come back yesterday Get off the airport Everything goes just fine Zoom through customs The guy passport control a big fan of mine Everything's great Pay to get out of the parking No problem at all Get out there in a high school Get out there in a high way and instead of taking the Popped metal which got forbidden I decided to go up 95 So going eastward on whatever whatever that is The dolphin to on one 12.0.0.0 And all of a sudden I see all this traffic backed up in front of me What the hell is going on here? Who are these people? Why are they backed up a mile for the tool? So got my quarter handy Radio PMI tool And all of a sudden I realized that there's a big sign there It says 50 cents and I thought 50 cents And I reached another quarter out no problem I can handle the 50 cents But it dawns on me that I didn't hear anything about this And it also dawns on me that the reason that this traffic is all backed up And these people who under ideal circumstances in this town Can't drive their finger up there Right They're all confused like, oh, we are nothing about this And now they're reaching their field and the change They're looking forward They're counting it, they're squeezing it And the first thing I said I said to John You know something this is part of a scam There's no question in my mind what this is all about To piss off the springness It's the last minute on the people who are here now Which most of the people are out of town Thank God for them But the people who are here now are the ones you're going to vote on His bogus election July 29 And to piss them off enough So that they'll pass that penny sales tax Because there is no other way in the world that they would do this So the timing of these things has been coordinated to piss off the public So I'm watching my news this morning And they actually come right out and said it I forget it was on 7 or 10 I was channel surfing because they all suck And one of the news reporter type 10 year olds they head out there She's saying Well, you don't mirror Alex penis today county He's hoping that the motorists will be agitated And up to this one up Make them vote for that penny sales tax Which of course then these tools will go away Instead of going up eventually To 75 cents And I'm picking it myself Only here I had this all I had to do with see what was going on there in the road Took me about 30 seconds to figure out what this was And then they're saying oh yeah, but for the last two weeks they've been disseminating all these Pamplets and brochures about warning public about this Did we hear anything about it before I went on vacation? No, no. Have I seen any of those pamphlets? No, or brochures? No. You know what this reminds me of it's like when the FBI was telling us a couple of years ago About how they distributed those thousands and thousands of leaflets with Andrew Kganan And it's picture warning everybody in the gay bars and so on he was seen in South Florida And nobody ever saw you those didn't know. No, same thing And the public I'm going to tell you a few people roll over for this one And you deserve no matter what they do to you And what a shock by the way that the hero The hero thinks is a great idea Mayor penis has got something in there for everybody Right in the right of Torrell this morning It's just astonishing how people can be so passive To sit back and let them stick it to you over and over again And the same herald by the way Which helped to put the metro rail over 20 some years ago What happened to hell it was And then turned around to go you're a two later and call to the billion dollar boom Doggle and laughed at you in the face Now they want to do it again That's right. What's wrong with that penny sales tax? So we can have more metro rail and more buses and more bullcraft It's just amazing how you can go away for get about 10 days You can go away for 10 years and come back here and nothing changes Absolutely positively nothing changes The same banana boat assholes keep running this down Everything is the same And by the way I wasn't aware of this word hell is it? I've only got 50,000 different things here that I want to do today About the election about the appalling The election about the opponents of the election Have gone to court or here it is It says voters are expected to go to the polls July 29 to cast ballots on Mayor Penis's plan to repeal the polls on the four rowways and exchange Read increase in the local sales tax from 6.5 to 7.5 percent Fos of the plan of suit the county's election department Asking a judge to stop the election on the ground that the ballot language then Beewis falls in misleading. Oh they're not doing that again Like he did with a guy named Mickey Harrison thing To get that thing through there after he got elected lying to the public in this county Saying that they were not going to get into bed with Mickey Harrison And they wouldn't put up any public money to build a guy named American Airlines arena Oh yeah, but Mickey's going to put up the money But in the meantime the vote of the people of the county the taxpayers are the ones that are going to have to pay to Subservize it for as long as it's going to be there And the first thing he does is 180 we turn around on that line of the public And they put that on a ballot again if you're for you vote no if you're against it you vote yes And so here we are a very very demiously time election coming up on July 29 just two weeks from this Thursday Just coincidentally just a couple weeks after they piss off all the motorists who are here with these increases on the tolls And Jan the traffic all up and right on the news they're saying oh the mayor hopes the motor that you're all pissed off Isn't that great? So you'll vote for his penny sales tax Whoever run a such a thing We're talking about crazy people in this town who go along with his garbage And I don't have the wording, but I'm sure that somebody in this audience probably does have the wording on how this is going to be on a ballot what Oh, there's somebody on here hello Hello there. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. I'm the gentleman of the suit right? On the ballot language. Would you do me a favor and hang on a minute? Okay, I don't want to because I got to do the brick and then I want to talk to him at length Because like I said before if I'm the only one in this town, it's got the cohorts to get on the ear and scream and how to about this these next to two and a half weeks I'm going to do it it's time to say to the guy damn so called downtown power structure and other this bullcraft enough fixed elections and a fake bullcraft misfortunes I'm not the fraud in the public's mayor penis you belong in jail As I'm sitting here with my fan ass and his chair you belong in jail right now Along with goddamn Xavier Swara isn't a burp or an ant is and all these other thieves that are raping day count you belong in F and jail right now Don't forget regalata. Oh, yeah Tomas Tomas Tomas What's the policy for you? By the way 10 14 at five 60 here is it's a joke. So anyway, this is the day of slater that I'm talking to yes, okay I'm the gentleman who filed a suit on the ballot language Well, you were on vacation unfortunately because right anyway just to go over the points that if you want me to and then want to go over to what's going on here You know the point today they said they can only file and they can only do 75 words in the language All right, so they said all express ways and so we can't name all the tolls at the otherwise go beyond 75 words So I said to the mayor directly says won't just change the word all to four no answer on that as far as the thousand miles even the Metro date expressway authority My dex breastway authority says that's false. It's a 300 mile deal over next 20 years not a thousand miles and the 15 million bus miles That's also the full of people and you know, they won't say how many buses are going to double this the same stuff as you reiterated We had 20 years ago, right, okay Who was the county manager 20 years ago? Let's do our same the same loser they brought back this time. All right, I have to say anything further. There are other alternatives to getting funding other than paying a sales tax and they could take the toll boots down and not even tax the public You know where most of that money is right now there's about 350 million dollars a year That's not being used the visitor convention tourist bureau. You know hands fight who holds do you have a that who had it that before becoming the county manager? Not mayor it's your home. Yes sir. Wow 350 million dollars. They collect sure smells bad to me three percent they collect the bed taxes You know how much the visitor convention bureau gives to date county roadways to give back a transit zip. Yeah, they give nothing back They throw all these lavish parties and everything else. They will more tourists to come down to use our roads, but they donate nothing All right, now how is this thing going to be worth it on the ball is it going to be one of these back ass things again that if you're for it you vote no and if you're against the devol. Yes, no, it's it's worth it You hear if you for the tax you're you know yes, if you're getting taxes no and something as you damn white of them. Yeah, but they said the old again the 75 word limitation Eliminate the word all put four under mayor Penelis's plan if this tax cash of all how can it say all because it doesn't include the turnpike. That is a state road, which we all know that's right That's why I'm saying that's why we took it to court. They've got to change it to four or named express ways with a tolls of being eliminated A lot of people don't know that the ordinance is so called plan is 275 pages long meal on the part of a plan with that sales tax money is to build two more express ways to central date And guess what the expressways are going to have Polls yeah exactly right so we'll only know those two tolls totally What the nature of the going for is after the state the turnpike's been paid for long ago Why isn't the tolls eliminated on the turnpike where since hurricane Andrew the traffic pattern people are back to for hours It those toll plots right and they're gonna be paying a bucket of quarters and the turnpike by the way It was paid for a year's ago right original beyond the turnpike was only supposed to have a toll until they construct it was paid for That's right years ago. That's right other things they want to build Metro rail They want to build you know people Metro rail all the way to north on one northwest 27th Avenue. You know that's for Pro player are we gonna have baseball there next to three years of course not when they build this Metro rail 10 15 years And now they models we playing somewhere else They're not just playing ways you might be not yeah, so the other thing is what's the big kept secret here And as you try counties try count is it is a tric county rail system Do you know those to my national airport? Yeah, so somebody called me. I didn't know I didn't until a couple days before I left for vacation. That was me Oh, that was because it's a new cone. That's right. Oh, it got to do is it's the only one in this town that cares about anything is the rest of these people are going to coma They are in a coma. You know I'm sure is like how can you have a community where the mayor comes out and says I hope you're all pissed off Now so I can get you to vote for my penny sales tax. What kind of a it's like slapping everybody in the face saying I really hope I screwed up your weekend or your day or your life And that you're really forming at the mountain pissed off about sitting in a miles of traffic and now maybe I can get you to do something that if you were rational and not so pissed off you never would do anyway There is so much money in the visitor convention bureau budget and if you if you hit all the tourists everybody who has an up you know who rent a car At two dollars certain tax you can raise thirty million dollars if you go to the seaport the people were taking the cruisest the spend a thousand dollars by the way may a hobby or so to told me personally You know that the whole place the entire budget here is controlled and you mentioned one of the people is by the tour by the cruise industry And the visitor convention bureau have more control and more money to budget than the Metro date commission Now everybody who goes takes a cruise is twenty five thousand people a weekend meal that trends that go between airport to seaport every weekend If every single one and they pay an average over a thousand dollars what's the big deal if it had thousand and ten? Let's hit them with a transit tax. Yeah, we don't need federal approval for that And so you can collect two hundred fifty thousand dollars a weekend That's about thirty million dollars a year. Now here's the biggest surprise Miguel dea's deportee told me and use against the tax said that the FAA has four hundred million dollars in funds that they county can have to improve all the roadways As it's part of when you buy a binary plane tickets. This is part of when you've already paid around my own national airport all the expressways leading into the airport As a very a four hundred million dollars is available to the county and only have to do his ask it's our money Nobody's asking instead everyone wants to tax everybody will your rents are going to go up you utility is going to go up everything is going to go up even the poor people who are renting apartments their taxes are going to go up It's not just going to the store across the board and I as a businessman I'm going to pass that tax on to the people I deal with So everybody's going to hit with a big price increase that they don't seem to realize that there's a regress of situation I'm against the toll process. I think they should be eliminated. We can eliminate them right now And we don't and we don't have to have the penny sales back. They're also not telling you that in the year 2020 they have a budget that's already planned to build everything they want to build And the money will be there. They don't need this. This is just extra money. That's when the judge's been a rule on your suit. I was supposed to have a hearing hopefully today. I'm winning for Richard Freeman to find out from the judge. I hope she listens to it But I'm not against the people voting for it right now. I'm against that ballot the way it's worded once we correct it then the people can make an intelligent choice Then we're going to campaign and given the truth there's money out there there's plenty of money. They don't need the tax to people. They don't need these toll clauses up and if they would go to the state legislation start fighting the term type people Women are those things that they're building you know more and more that will stop it. The other big problem you're going to have to have to have a scene any of it. You know, you're actually sunrise. South West Broward you drive 9.75. If can they kind of look like a picnic the way the building is going on. All those people come down. I 75 think dump on the term type. But they dump in the palmetle. None of this transit issues even addressed that. If the mayor had any assumption you go to the state and say hey guys at i75 and the term type we got a halfway interchange. When we build a full interchange with the diverse some traffic on to the turn bike going the other way. And you know it's going to be a mess give it to the 10 years. No matter what tax you put it's not going to help the situation south was brought because all those people come at the date. Yeah, okay good luck day keep it up. I appreciate it. Okay, I don't see any interest but you know and so it like I said before the 20 antigelis on a Thursday to we ever have elections on a Thursday in this town. Oh, and in the middle of the summer out of nowhere. And obviously they knew about this toll increase ahead of time. So they very as I said before, and statistically a plan to think so that they piss everybody off. Oh yeah, well, let's get rid of these tolls now. It's up to 50 cents and it's going up to 75. Let's get that penny sales tax. We get these toll booths down because they're just throwing our lives. Only in this town only here. I'm not saying that there's no corruption in there. There's plenty of corruption to go around everywhere, but this place is got it's set like a new standard for it. Unbelievable. But anyway, be that isn't me. Glad he called because you see that nobody else gives a crap about it. You're getting calls on the last week on this thing. Yeah. Oh no. Because nobody knew about it. Nobody knew one thing about it. Oh yeah, we were handing out all these brochures. You know something they hand out brochures all over the place. And when they hand them out, you know what you do the same as the brochures that come in your FPNL bill or your phone company bill every month. They go straight and you old can is where they go. And you could tell yesterday and drive it on that one 12 on a year for expressway that nobody had any idea what they was going on all morning long this morning. And every newscast is showing all these ports confused bastards on a 36 and all the other three expressways haven't got any idea what they're going on. So there if we can't get it legally just like it's always been done the first metro rail election was fixed. I 20 that years ago it was fixed. They were losing until one and a morning all those votes from homestead came in and supposedly put them over the top like anybody with a brain of homestead will want the metro rail that doesn't go within 30 miles a homestead. So far along is the corruption and the crap going to go on in this town and the Harold and Nikki Eris and all these downtown bastards going to manipulate day county. I wouldn't be surprised if this doesn't piss off the public enough to get that thing voted through there. Maybe Mayor penis can go to those old Cuban constituents and tell them they can all sit down there in a road and walk off the highways. Unless you promise you'll vote for the penny sales tax. How it at be, huh? Let's give that a shot. We've screwed up people's lives and screwed up people's lives and more and more and more taxes and the meantime this is a county by the way that's a nearly bankrupt with a major city and it is already bankrupt. Other than that. How do you like to have the billion dollars that they wasted on the metro rail to take care of expressways in the buses in the day county right now anybody like to have that. Yeah. Here's Miami. Hello. Any idea on. Okay sir. Hey, you know, might not make much sense but I tell you that that Thursday is also and I know a lot of people head down the keys. That's the 28th and 29th. I hope you can minlops or mince even. Yeah. A lot of people are going to be out of town because they'll be down the keys and we're also a lobster and I mean that's a huge thing down here. And stop and think about this okay because you pick a time of the year when most people are on vacation. Right. People are going to things like you're talking about and the only people who are here are the ones who are now experiencing all the frustration of having to pay the extra tolls on these expressways. Now, so let's piss off those people or rest of the people won't be here anyway and we'll hope that enough of these people won't vote they can put it over the top. That's right. It's like looking through a pain and glass this thing is so transparent. And also you notice after this last tubing don't lift you up now the police are saying hey if anybody comes out we're going to now we're going to rest you now we're going to it's going to be a disturbance and so on. Well, you know, this is all great after the fact that they're going to do it now. A little bit late isn't it? Yeah, a little bit late and our politicians are police force. I'll tell you sometimes you wonder. Okay, pal. Good luck. 560 505 60 pound five 60 animal mobile one line. I see by the way that they finally discovered the book by Charles Tebel and farewell to God that we've been counting for almost two years on his show. The Sun Sentinel. I mean, the what goes on he established that the manipulation of the public rain if they got one in his town. It's so astonishing. It's so blatant. I'm looking through my weekend papers when we get back yesterday and here's yesterday's Sun Sentinel and on the book review page. Here is a non fiction, ex-evangelist dump Scott is a picture Charles Tebel is farewell to God a book a great book that we've been recommending on his show. I've got only know as how many of these copies I've had sold to this book. You want to go to Canada to get it when they had a call up there or get it through off the internet. But now for some reason finally they've broken down and the US of A has allowed this book to come into our country. They figured that the world doesn't go to come into women if we have Charles Tebel in the books on the book shelves in America. So who does the Sun Sentinel have right to review it as book? Did they have one of their regular book review people write it? No, they have James Davis, the religion editor. Writing his skating review of ex-evangelist dump Scott of a farewell to God. In the end he says farewell to God is unconvincing. And everything you're reading here for if we're going to get about it, it's like it would be like reading a priest review of the Catholic Church. Yeah. Unbelievable. Same old-tired crap like I told you before over and over and over and over again because you got a handful of people manipulating public opinion. God forbid that they should tell it like it is that this is a fascinating book that you ought to go out there with an open mind and read from a man that used to be like Mr. Hachada evangelist. The religion editor they have reviewing the book just just makes you weak it makes you wonder why did I come back here? I must be crazy I must be nuts. How's Matt Mantide on? I'm Matt. Here's a gaggy socks, okay? He's panzer-tied. It seems they're burning white but they're assessing with them the disgrace. He's panzer-solving and it's still take long for their bedroom walk and tattooed with his face. Hey, next from the drop. Yeah, all that teeny box, when he's held his pumpkin last, they're response stage. Short, he's a star. What a don't care what he is. And if you think I'm just jealous that's okay. No, get me started. On Ricky, Ricky Martin, he might just lose a lot of fans. You know, Matt Mantide, he's a play. Oh boy, 1031 at 560 WQ, I'm not telling you one thing. I'm just in the state of shock. I just got some of the most horrendous, grotesque news by facts. Oh, what did I tell you about the fat people George? The fat people are the dead people. Who now? Here's a facts from my friend Adam who used to sit next to me at the Panther Games a couple of seasons ago for two or three seasons. We had a little group there in 106. If you all to read it. Oh, this is just a shocking. It's a software to lost one of its few two hockey fans this weekend when Andy Crawl, formerly a section 106 of the Miami Arena, and more currently section 119 in the National Carrent, a Yentah Center, and in alumni of the U of M suddenly passed away. He was 35 years young. And he was, oh, fat. And while maybe he had a few beers during the games. He was one of the few bright spots of the Panther Games. From all his brothers in section 119, we will truly miss him. It will never be the same goodable Panthers you'd often get without him. Andy had a kind heart. I always saw a soft spot for you. What says we talked about you daily when you said next was brought us all a lot of great memories. And oh boy, so Andy, we salute you and in your own words. Thanks for coming. Yeah, when people would leave early. Thanks for coming. He was, you know, he didn't have maybe a few too many beers by the end of the third period. He'd be a little red in the post, but he was a good guy. And he actually knew a little something about the game, which was unusual. And he said 35 years old. And he's dead. Just passed away suddenly is what it says. Because he was fat. Boy, that's the pressure. I've been back here and by the way, where's my paycheck? I don't want to get started on a whole bunch of these different things. But let's start taking care of these things one at a time. Is Miriam here? I think so. Yes. I didn't see her, but I was told she was seen. Yes. Greg's not here. Why don't I don't give a rat to ask about him. I couldn't hear if he's here or not. That check was doing on Friday. Today is Monday. So you know, I was on vacation in Friday. I wouldn't expect to have it on Friday because I wasn't in town. But you come in on Monday. Just like any other place you go to vacation. Well, by the way, here's your check from when you were away. That was the last Friday. Just checking because the last couple of times it's been nippentuck. And they're starting to slack off a little bit more, a little bit more here. And be at measly a red broadcasting. Or they just can't get you paid on time, including all the people they owe money to. The people they do business with. The people that work here. The people that work part time. At Cederman. So on to just can't quite get to job done. Because that's the way they do everything. By the way, here's this is beautiful. My name is Damian Soto. I'm a big baseball football in basketball fan. I would like to come on your show live and talk about the future of the Marlins. No. And what? Yeah. And where they are with this revenue issue. No. I would also like to talk about the future of Mr. Dumb Rauske and a featured roommate. No. Don't you understand. I don't give a rat to ask about the Marlins Damian. Don't you get that? What do you think about? I mean, even John Henry said, I must be crazy. I must be nuts. So think anybody would show up and subsidize that garbage, okay? And every time they get somebody who's a little bit popular with the fans, you're gone. We got, I mean, you're stopping to think about the lunacy of the irony of this. And then a bastard in his column over the weekend, right? Oh, yeah. There was a good deal. They had to do it. Right then, you continue to be a major major. He's an asshole. Inbesil. How could anybody possibly care about these things? You just keep stuffin' it down to public strokes and demanding that they come and bring you their money and then build you a stadium and make you some money. As if here's the guy that we need to make money. How many hundreds of millions of this guy worth? He's a billionaire. And we owe him to make him money. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. You must be. If you subsidize that, we'll all take it out right now, okay? The few thousand of you would desperately also have no lives that feel necessary to go out there and subsidize someone. Again, just like the thing with the election on the on this penny sales tax, it's the same thing. One thing about this town, they keep slapping your face and slapping in a face and you keep coming back. Oh, okay. Do it again. That was good. Do it again. It felt so good. This is an S&M town. We're most of us who live here must be massacres to put up with a swirl and the garbage they put out to us. It's unbelievable. Unacceptable. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. Going twice. Twelve minutes. They waited. Thank you for waiting. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. You. Yes. And this penny sales tax sucks. You know, apart from, you know, from now, I want the penny sales tax. They're building 160 million dollars for forming arts center. Right across from the Harold. You know, and just, and just as an inauguration for that thing, they spent $150,000 to put an air condition 10,000 more. What's the space to go down there, you know, with all his friends and we're at the Exito. Yeah, yeah, that's it. And then it's ridiculous. You know, I mean, and where people going $200 million to build Mickey Arons and a little basketball court. So, it's a little millionaire basketball players can play. Yeah. And then, you know, I mean, this thing, this won't be an issue. It should be four blocks away from the other one by the way, sir. It's four blocks away from the other one, where there was where the neighborhood is too bad. And of course, we know that the neighborhood wants to go four blocks away and improve So dramatically. And it's all next to the Harold, and it's the property that's going on. And it's not a penny meal. It's a percent when you spend $100. It's an extra buck. Right. You know, every hundred dollars you spent, it's an extra buck. And I don't want to correct your god bless you. Thank you. Vote early and often. All right. All right. All you people I don't live in, Dave County. If I were I got there, I'd be I'd be I would take off today for work. And go down and register like over and over again under a hundred different fictitious names. They don't know. Gonzalez Rodriguez, whatever. Oh, and speaking of Rodriguez, by the way, you must have done a hell of a job to get a letter and data in the paper. HL, whimmers in Miami. My mother clipped this out. I guess this was in a hero. I can't tell because they both were the same. It's in crap. No, it looks like the Sun's Emile. It says all you night, a paiaia of an idea. Radio host George Rodriguez on 560 WQM has introduced a wonderful idea that may help ease tensions in the community and initiate dialogue rather than hysteria. Instead of disrupting traffic with protests, Cuban exiles should show us all the positive sides of their culture. Let's have a paia protest says HL whimmers in Miami, which I thought was very amusing. Not so much the idea of a the fact that they put this in the paper again. Huh? I mean, certainly when you said that, it must have been like, you know, kind of like a throw away. All right. Well, yeah, but not like the positive blocking you guys, you'd expect somebody to write a letter to the editor saying, oh, that George had such a great idea, et cetera, and so on. No, I didn't see that coming. A paia protest. But you know, like I've said before, the letters to be added to our good reflection of what this town's all about, and the people who get off their dead ass. In fact, yesterday I noticed in the sports section of one of the papers, there were three letters to the editor. One was from Harvey Slave and formerly Harvey of Kendall, who was in Harvey of Miami Beach. And I was moving farther away, but not far enough Harvey of West Palm. And one of the other letters was from Stan Warfheimer. Oh, yeah, about the sale of Gulf Stream in about while the future is only in Casino as an Indian. The other same old, you could come back here in a thousand years. And it would still be the same. And God, did I have a good time. Oh, yeah. Drop back a lot of good drugs from Amsterdam. Strong with that. Got a money. Drop back my thing here from Milan. Don't go to Milan by the way, boy, it is so expensive. They're now even a big shooter like me. Don't want to go there anymore. Who? 262,000 Lyra for dinner for room service. Well, I brought this back. Wait till I go into this four coke lights, four died coke's little ones. Not even a full size can. Fifty, two thousand Lyra. That's seven bucks a can. Huh? Even Ricky Martin don't get that much for his back dome can. Although it is getting a lot of action from what I hear. 21 before 11 at five, 60 WQM. Let's get some lunch in here and a little while. Let's get back to business. Let's get my check going to what happened with Miriam by the way. What happened? I didn't see her. I left that thing on the desk. I told the girls that she shares an office with. I said, I'd be okay. If that's check of mine, don't you up here today. You can go right back on here tomorrow, Mr. Because I will not be here tomorrow. Remember that appearance that last appearance I did at the Oakwood Plaza. You get paid for that? No. No. That's about a month ago. A month. You expect to get paid in a month? Are you losing your grant of grants on reality? Be easily read. Were you in a program director? He's still on vacation. I'm not playing my cards right. I actually do it like I used to in the old days. Take off and remember? I always used to do that. Take off in the middle of the week and then take it like almost two or three. They don't care. Just as long as you get the spots on, they don't give a rat to us. And then they pay you when they feel like it anyway. So what difference does it make? I should just come in when I feel like it. Although I do feel like it today. Because I'm just forming it. I'm about this crap that they're pulling their tying up the roads. First they did it sitting in the middle of the goddamn roads. That wasn't bad enough to piss off the poor bastards. It had to be here in a swelting summertime heat in this goddamn furnace in this inferno. But now here they are just a few days later tying up all the goddamn traffic by springing and all of a sudden the 25 cent increase on these four toll roads. Just coincidentally a couple of weeks before this election they're going to have on a Thursday in the middle of July in the middle of summer vacation. When nobody's here. I still can't get over that thing about Andy from the hockey games. 35 years old fat dead. And a good guy. They've a lot in common both hockey fans both snappy dresses. Both fat. Here's a letter in the post-align. I should have a special nice time. Telling you, I didn't flee unless night could you. Didn't fade unless night you. Really stung unless night. They've had night because you stung enough to blow a stone down stung enough to nothing falls in off a swelting air. My last will be hell. You'll lose that bad stung enough to make me forget your stung enough. You've been the older and pale stung enough to clear your thing. You can't feel the pain on the wall. Okay, that's our full question. If I were to say, I'm not a good guy. What's your button or a woman soccer huh? There you go. By the way, I think I've discovered I finally figured out what that's all about. The woman soccer thing that was so big overremed because people are bored number one. But especially number two, America loves bull dikes. Oh, right. What do you think? How much so big for? America loves lesbian. They're obsessed with dikes. Is there anybody in the right mind who really believes that there's any interest in the woman soccer? No. Even in the rest of the world where men soccer was big, they care about this. No. They hate it. They're infuriated by it. They're pukened from it. Here's a great letter by the way. My first letter ever from a bogotacle on the earth. Got a hole in the right to semi-diary. I didn't throw that. Oh, I threw that letter away. George, you can't keep that in your memory. I can't keep that in your memory. Anyway, it says from Satisfay, they bogotate the young man's name who sent this or old man or whatever he is. Nelson Ramirez. Nice name there, Nelson. Sir, Neil Roger, W.I.O.D. 610 AM. While I guess the news travels a little bit slowly, it's only year and a half later. I am sending you to, I am sending to you a great greeting or friendly. Well, obviously, Nelson has a little bit trouble with the English. Like most people here in Dave County, they'll speak it in English. I'm sending to you a great feeling of friendly. I will like it with you a tape of, with the racist record of any day in the Carter race course that will be for me very special because I am interested in know how you covered this racist. Thank you very much for your interest in my demand. I will be waiting your answer again. Thank you. Not thank you for your interest in my request. It goes to show you a little bit of a language and you think you know something. Just when you roll along, you use the wrong word and, oh, it just turns it all around. Not for your interest in my request, which do I have any interest? No. Of course not. Your interest in my demand. Since certainly Nelson Ramirez with an address on the Fadeboca de Colombia, all this postage you put on here in G's, I am turning it up and through an in the waste basket, which isn't very nice. But what the hell do we have to do with the racist from Carter? And even if we did, would we send it to Nelson? No. No. But thanks for your interest in 610 W.I.O.D. Nelson because you are the last one at the distance because we don't work there anymore. All of these there, we used to get paid on pay date, but I know all of you have used to have a big son of Dancer too. That was just for fun. Here it's not fun. It's serious. Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello. Yes, sir. Welcome back. Welcome back. Welcome back to a Monday Miami. Right. You're absolutely right. Just another crappy day. Listen, on the Templeton Review and the Harold, it's extremely unaffirmed. No, it's just on the, just on the, just on the review guy. Just on Sentinel. Yeah, the review, to have the religion editor do that was unbelievable. That's so unethical. And this is such a great book and it's got his picture here. It's got, I mean, it's a big review and he just slices this thing to pieces. I saw it and it did not, it did not require that response in the last sentence. The review didn't lead to that conclusion. Did not lead to that conclusion about unconvincing. That's just his view. He's talking in there. That's not a review. That's an opinion. That's ridiculous. And his problem is that a lot of this material has been written before, but the fact is he fails to recognize the, that the temple and road are very concisely and easily, you know, condensed it as opposed to going through a long convoluted song. It then makes it very easy to understand why he rejected Christianity. Why nobody I remind you to believe any of this bull crap. And then he also trivializes like he says he made Billy Graham's acquaintance in 1945 and launched to the successful youth crusades. But he, he fails to mention that he and Billy Graham were real tight. And that they did a lot of work. You know, he mentions one thing they did, but he just glosses over any of that. He doesn't want to give the guy any credibility. Yeah, it was very poor. Unethical way to have a review done. By the way, your friend Andy, you know what the religious folks would say. He's in a better place, Neil. Is it a better place? Isn't that saying? Yeah, I mean a better place. Yeah. The religious people say. Well, I'm be honest with you, a better place than my and maybe. All right, Neil. Have a great day, sir. Take care, man. Speaking of religion, by the way, and I'm sure that George probably, you know, I'm sure the religion is to give at least one day last week while I was away. You know, a little heathen bastard he is. But look at this here. Did you lie 12th issue of News Week magazine is God dead acts the question on a front. Now see, this is the European edition. So I don't know if I'm sure that there are some differences. Is God dead in Western Europe? And can sure look that way. It says. And yeah, I'll just take a few things out of context because, of course, being News Week magazine, they're not going to go too far. They don't want to, you know, because this is really a vanilla magazine. For mostly vanilla people. So they don't want to rock the establishment too much. But just to read a couple of brief things here. It says open the doors and where are the people. It says even in such Roman Catholic bations is Italy and Ireland where a formal religious observance is an integral part of daily life. Church membership and attendance of fallen in France. Only three to four percent of reasons regularly attended church last year. Three to four percent. Britain 89 percent didn't attend church regularly in 1995. 99 percent of the population did not attend the church of England in 1999. 99 percent didn't go. They just said, oh, for the church of England. They're too busy with the queen, you know. Sweden 85 percent belong to the church of Sweden, but less than 50 percent believe in some kind of afterlife. West Germany, 1991, 14 points that percent of some percent of the population, 14 to half percent went to church regularly in 1998, 7 percent. Norway, 4.1 percent. And Italy, I don't know where they get these statistics. So that's always heard it's only 3 percent. But only 29.4 percent went to church regularly last year as opposed to 41 percent in 1991. Means over 70 percent, even in Italy with a church in a Vatican and the Pope and brainwashed from birth, they're saying, oh, all the bullcraft. In Ireland, it says only 53 men became priest in 1997 and only 32 Irish ended ran across. And then this is the amazing part because they're all crazy up there. They're religious nuts. In fact, the Protestants are marching right now. Let's hear. Oh, marching in front of their face to see if they could inflame them and piss them off. The orange Protestants, as opposed to the purple ones. Only 32 Irish ended the religious orders in 1997. Those are half the numbers from 1992. In the past decade, Irish competence in this Catholic church has not just been set. It has an Italy, Germany, and France. Ireland's faith has been blasted away by a series of sex scandals. How do you like that? Oh, in the past few months alone, a nun has been found guilty of assisting a rape and is awaiting sentence in Dublin. While a widespread county priest committed suicide after revelations about his abusive children in his parish. Those old enough to remember in Ireland where parents hope their sons would grow up to be priests, feel particularly betrayed. Dublin or Alano Connor refuses to go to mass. Purverts, they're all purvert, he says, why should I go and confess all my sins to a purvert? All right, Alano Connor. I've been trying to tell you people that three years, okay? A bunch of pedophiles in a dress. And you're going to confessing your personal so-called sins to these men and a dress who are whipping themselves up into a frenzy on the other side of the confessional in there. And you think it's just a woodpecker knocking on the door. What do you got to have right? No, you got it all right. It's wood and well. Whatever. 567, 0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. The guy was right. Welcome back to another Monday in hell. You're right, sir. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Welcome back to the Sunshine State. Yeah, sure. Well, they can't even get the execution's right. I just got off the 112 airport express. Yeah. 50 cents. But I have this thing. So this is something. Sun pass? Yeah. If you use it, you get a discount. 47 cents? All right. Let's hear it. All right. Yeah. What a bargain. I would just keep going back and through the thing all day long. What do you said to save? In fact, I would go through it then I would back up and then, you know, just keep going through it. The forward and backward all day. Sounds great. I'm going to do that right now. Okay. It's better than anything else you can do here. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, what a bargain, baby. They're going to pedal you. You got a bunch of greedy people in it. So it's like, no contest. They got nobody fighting them. They got Richard Friedman and his Dave Slater guy. And that's it. And they got a free ride. And then, you know, on the edit on the commentary pages, Carl Heiss and just a couple of weeks ago, and he'll write this thing about the metro rail about the first one and the boom dog, and then they still come on the editorial page and slap you in the face again. And then salty intelligence is the people assuming that there is any here. 567.0560. Pond 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil, good afternoon. Good evening. Good evening. Back at you. Neil, the sales tax in the state of Florida. 6% throughout the entire state. And here's back. The date County voters went to the polls and voted for a 0.5% which is a sur tax. And then, the media was just going to say, and now the elected officials are asking us to go back. Which will, if passed, will actually have 1.5% sur tax on date County, like any tax. Once you have it, it's very, very difficult. They're not going to go away. Exactly. Very, very difficult for it to go away. Very briefly, I work for a state agency that collects sales tax. And if we were allowed to do the job that we're supposed to do, we would not have this problem. There would be more than enough revenue coming in. The budget for the state of Florida's $45 billion this year. Yeah. Sales tax produces 8 billion of it. And the other 37 billion comes from the other 36 taxes. These people that want to sales tax. If they would just let us do our job, you wouldn't need any more money. You wouldn't need any more tax. It would generate itself. The people are doing things. Obviously conducting business illegally. And that's why you live here. That's why I'm here. Pinga belongs in jail right now. Sir, he belongs behind bars. I hear you loud and clear. Very briefly, I just want to leave this leave you on this one last note. I don't know if you read an article about maybe a month, two months ago. When the Miami-Harrows regarding three agencies in the state of Florida, regarding T-Wast and all of the illegal businesses that were going on down there. In other words, when I say illegal, I mean people conducting business without licenses and forcing someone. There's turmoil in key West today because all of the sudden the agencies are held accountable. So once again, if they let you do the job, you'll have plenty of revenue. And you won't have to tax the people. You can stay at 6%. Okay, just say no. Just say no. Thank you. Bye, sir. You have not a penny. You're a black and a cometer with my own money. You're a black and a cometer with your own money. You're a black and a cometer with your own money. It's a person I've got. We're not curing the business. And you know this don't make me feel the number one. Because I could not go. Tell me if it was tonight. Would I be the star? I'm gonna move you outside. Men don't get me. And don't think he might enough to me. They want to play at big clubs. And if you had another, would you have a man? You're a black and a cometer with my own money. You're a black and a cometer with my own money. I'm gonna move you outside. You're a black and a cometer with my own money. There you go, there's a number of nice debates in the video in the world. Jennifer Lopez, it's 11 out to at 5.50. Even on the video, if you see the guy the Puerto Rican whatever he is, he's got the computer thing in his lamp. And he's tapping it and the keyboard too. Look at this, we got a whole bunch of calls on there before that. Break it all of a sudden there's one. One call on the board. First day back from vacation. Great feeling. Great. Had a great time. And there's one call on the board. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Anyway, it's almost time for lunch. It's a good idea to clear this all up. Play some good music. It's nice lunch in here for free. See if we can get a search party together to find out where my check that we do on Friday was, which today it's Monday. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, how are you doing now? Okay, sir. I want to let you in on something. Do a little bit of land use myself in the state. And there's something called Eastward Hill. A month or a year if you've ever heard of it. Something called one. Eastward Hill. And it has nothing to do with prostitution. Eastward Hill. And the state has this problem where too many people are moving to the west. So what they're doing is they have a state land commission put together this plan and involve transportation. Government works. The whole bit. The corner of US one in South West, 88 is an example where they took over all of those. Auto sales dealerships and all that other stuff. They're putting up condominiums and strip malls and the like. They're trying to keep people on the east part of this state. It's a central planning scheme. They're trying to keep people on the east. And it's so metro real things. Well, they're here doing a wonderful job of that. I'll tell you that. Living in drought like I do. And I'll take the make and those. They're not doing anything about the roads. They're just increasing the population without increasing the roads. The land use, the planning in this area sucks. It always has. Well, 5.95 is already almost obsolete. Well, again, I've only been here for about two years. My wife 55 is virtually obsolete. In fact, in rush hour going westbound or or eastbound in the morning rush hour, it's virtual gridlock. Because it's. It wasn't adequate. Well, it's only going to get worse. And as far as the turnpike thing is concerned, keep in mind one of the sponsors. You have a constituency group over there. You got people taking money in and out tickets. Making sure the coins go into the damn baskets. You people are getting, you know, a way you should get healthcare and they're getting a pension. Somebody's got to pay for this. They're not going to take those boosts. I'm in time soon. Okay. And have a great day. Whatever you say. What do you just say? Anybody in the last part. 5.6. And we're having an election two weeks from this Thursday. July 29. Bring out your carpet baggers in here. Bring Hillary Clinton. Anybody even think of okay. Just go to the polling place. Deliver. No, just say, hey, I'm just forgot my voter registration card. I want to vote. Just say no to Mayor Pinga. Enough of this crap. Just one once. Just one time. I would love to see in my lifetime. Just once. I would love to see the downtown power structure. Take it where they belong. Way deep inside there. Okay. Just like they deserve. After the way they've screwed over the people in this town. For the last, the god on those how many years. And the reward they get like Merit's their home. Screw them over the first time. Runs away for a few years. And then they bring them back a second time. The image has to do it again. 5.6. 5.6. 5.5. 5.6. 6. On the AT&T line. Here's coconut creak. Hello. Neil. Yes sir? I don't mean to change the subject. Go ahead. This is boring. We'll be a lot of people. I don't want to dwell on this all day. Good. I want to say I'm asked yesterday. And I looked at that. He's a little bit of a CD burner. Right. And he told me that you only can use the audio CDs. The 6-star audio CDs. Is that correct or not correct? Well, what do you expect in the user there? Well, there's audio CDs and there's data CDs. The 2-dollar is each and the audio you can't use those. I thought he said you did the couple weeks ago. No, I did not. Oh. The only thing I said was that you don't have to use Phillips. When I bought the thing, there were people trying to give me a song to dance about how you have to use Phillips, which makes no sense at all. They would be buying a Sony cassette deck and saying you can only buy Sony tapes to record. Am I just stupid? Right. Okay. You're the best. Okay. Thank you. Oh, there's my check. Leave it to Sam. What did I tell you? Sam's the man. He's the man. He'd be the man. Brought my check in here. That's because he's nobody else here. He's running a guy damn place. You know, maybe we'll even bring him a little lunch to there or something. What do you want? Pizza law? Find out what he wants. We'll give Sam lunch because he went out and got my check form. He wants the rapes. Not me. Maybe you, but not me. Oh, I'll rapize. I thought you said he wants the rapes. That's what it sounded like to me. That's what you said. You said he wants the rapes. And I said no. No way. My type and I don't do that kind of stuff anyway. All right. Here's my check. It's the right amount. Now I can go home. I don't have lunch and get out of here. I noticed that Jason, by the way, has got what's his name. Oh, and I got a new thing named after him to a homo religion. DNH is the motto, but the religion is called J.P. Which stands for, no, you're smiling. It's really that just coincidence. Just people. It's the elimination of all ethnic groups, all religious groups, all any of the stuff. And the world could be divided into zones instead of countries. A while we've been zone one. I live in zone 10. Whatever it is, you look on the map. That's where it is. No more nationalities, no more religions, no more ethnic. All this ethnic cleansing will crap, which is a very nice sanitary way of saying they're butchering everybody. They're slaughtering people. J.P. Just people. I love it. And there are ideas too. 567 of 0.560, pound 560 on the AT&T. We don't want no arrepauses. I always do like a revert. I can't eat that. I got to get on my actions. Now, God damn Andy from the hockey game. I don't mean the way that sounded. That didn't sound good. God damn it. Come on. Our friend Andy. We're laughing sound good. God just died. 35 years old. I made sound like I'm saying God damn Andy. I did say that. I didn't know. Well, that's not the way I'm at it, Adam. I'm still in shock over there. And I saw him over there one 19 last year in the macarine and the new joint. We'd see him over there. In fact, he was the only one we saw the old crowd. I kept looking for all the other guys. Didn't see any of them. I'm a clean those two drugs from Ohio. But Andy was there most of the games. When loser draw, talking down those beers one after another two handfills at a time. And now he's dead. 560, just like most of this town. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's my knee beat. Hello. Yes, sir. I don't. Okay. Listen, just out of respect for this guy. Andy, although I don't know him. Maybe you can play the long scene from the fatso with the food. But while you're on vacation now, they've been for you left at the Friday before you left. I happened to call a hang show because I heard you talking about the rumor that they have to call you back. Get the honey, Junior. Yeah. They only did that for a while, I believe. They had to, I mean, like, I had to give my call for a beat. And every sentence I had to do, they had to call me back. And then Hank gets on the phone. And then I have to repeat what I said. It was the most dead. It's a terrible moment. It's a terrible moment. There's no fun that way. They want to censor everything on this radio station. That's not a talk station. That's a contrived station. I mean, the sports talk concept is growing up to begin with. Boy, when you want to have everybody on the only talking nice to everybody else, I mean, Hank is great when Hank is arguing with people. That's what he's at his best. And why can't and why can't you crank him? If you do crank him, why have you got to report you? I don't understand. If I want to call Hank and say, hey, Hank, you're fat or hey Hank. Right. That's part of the show. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I don't say Neil Hitchewian, you'll set him off again. Do you think? I know it. I do a thing where they used to have this guy to play for Pittsburgh. He was in New York, Donald. I say, hey, you, would you think about the sky for Pittsburgh? You're going to do that. Do you think Neil Hitchew? He gets sucked in and I drop him on on that. Try today. All right. We'll see what I can call him. I'll be listening. You're a long team from FAPS. The least little thing more interesting than most of that other crap about, you know, who's going to be the best wide receiver for hamburger thing? Oh, yeah. We heard in the last two minutes of that morning show. Thank God for the vast replays, baby. It was cranking that stuff on the way to work this morning. And the very nice lady who sells the Sun Sentinel there on the corner on the stop, Hill right by 595. She came tapping on my window. I'm waiting first in line on the red light. And she comes tapping on the window. She and her husband are big fans in the shook my hand. How you doing, sweetheart? She has a lot of nice people in this time. You just have to be selected. You have to look around a little bit harder. 10 minutes after 11 and 560. So let's see, we got the check. Oh, oh. Bean town gives, I'm as the boot. Oh, don't I miss got the boot in bean town radio station W E E I is dropping. I'm as in the morning August 24 saying he has lost his edge. He used to be very fast-paced and energetic. He was passionate. The audience was captured by a station PD Jason Wolf. At this point in his life, he's comfortably wants to do the show for himself. He's got a young child. Basically the bottom line is his numbers went in the. For a lit and the show sucks and all he talks about is his guy. They're boring brother Fred and the farmer is kid and it's pathetic. A once great entertaining guy with a great wit and now it's crap. And he's on MSNBC every day. I'm the army, too. Yeah. I like Laption Colbert. Parties are a little pie with chocolate chip ice cream. How cake with chocolate chip ice cream is good? Ring ding. Ah. And chocolate chip ice cream. Wait. Chocolate swirl ice cream even better. That's nice. Did you ever suck the jelly? Alib and jelly donut. And then filled with chocolate to our ice cream. I like to stuff a jelly donut with Reese's Pinopartacart. Then put it in the warm oven and let the chocolate and everything melt into the dough. Um, tell us about peanut butter and jelly. But I chocolate, the type of grey in cracker. And then with dinner use a banana on top. And then clever little lemon in my water please. And I make chocolate chip cookies with him and him. And it's chocolate. They don't melt. Yeah. So you can have a little more lemon in my hot water please. Just about a lot of lemon. Uh, no. I like a little fresh orange juice. We used to marinate the pie. No, sorry. Okay, that's my moment. I promised they got chocolate covered orange wedges. Did you just scribbles down your chin? Well, hmm. Hmm. Junior, today I had just a drop of honey in the fridge. Just a drop. Why did the actual food is covered with that thick dark chocolate? You know. Oh boy. I had the right to stuff one that I'm in the doughnut. Yeah. Ah, dude. Hmm. Get the honey to me. Give me my honey to me, yeah. It's in the cupboard, Tom. Well, get it. What else did they cover with that chocolate? I mean, besides the orange wedges, grapes, peachy, strawberry. Junior, honey. Those big juicy stem scour berries are dipping to that dark chocolate. Oh, honey. Hmm. That's the honey. That's the honey. That's the honey. I mean, nothing. So what do we really try to say? I mean, honey. Exactly. It's devastated by that the facts from my friend Adam about Andy, Diane, Andy from the hockey games. Andy from the hockey games. That just doesn't sound sufficient, but that's where we know him from. Andy from you with him. That's a shot. 560, 505, 60, palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Getting back just briefly to this article in Newsweek about his god dead and in Western Europe, it sure looks like it. There's a picture of a young lady with red hair here smoking on the faggot. And she says, raised in East Germany, ink a copaets used to be Protestant. Since she's quit the church and proceeded them in filling out a form in the local courthouse to exemplar from paying Germany's church tax. The church is a sect like any other says the 30 year old who works at Berlin's all news channel in TV. They're criminals. They tell Africans the multiply and not use condoms despite HIV. She wears crosses because they're chic and she's been a church twice in her life once in Notre Dame in Paris and once in St. Paul's in London. I wanted to see where Lady Diane Charles got married. I have to admit it's a great atmosphere. They really know how to sell their tricks. She says, they really know how to pedal their crap is what she says. Nice going, ink a. Here's a great fact from Bob. So thank you so much for using your bully pulpit to tell everyone what a bunch of BS diselected on the 29th is. I've lived in date County since 1948 and been a registered Democrat since 1952. I voted for Mayor Pingo because he would then a credit candidate seemed to be the most reasonable and level head of the bunch. I also believed the money said he would not allow another reading to be built just a few blocks away from the old one. Of course Mayor Pingo has stabbed us in the back over and over again. I'll never forget how cheated I felt when they after his election he went back on his promise not to build the arena. Since then he's done nothing but plunge the dagger deeper into our backs. He supported the county name change which is just a waste of money. Had an opportunity to be a voice of reason during the Cuban protest the feats that we used to go but passed that up. And now hold the secret election in the middle of the summer so that he and his colonies can squeeze more money out of us. I will of course vote no on the tax and I'll never ever vote for Mayor Pingo again says Bob I don't care who runs against him that candidate has my vote if eight off Hitler were cloned and ran from Mayor I'll vote for him before Mayor Pingo. He is a major sticking even asshole riding assholes his Bob nice club Bob. God. So on the heels of Andy passing away and playing that thing from Fatsau. What's for lunch? No I was talking to George about the great brought worse we had in Colone Germany. Well I mean I had you know. I don't want to say anything about the weam used to dance to them but nevertheless. No seriously they do have great brought worse than Colone better than Berlin for whatever reason. Now where do he have great brought worse here that's the question where are we going to get real great sausage in this town. Here's a mobile in Miami hello. Yes sir. Okay. This is a guy Andy died but he had long gone here originally from Philly. Yeah long here was kind of like blonde is she I don't know if he was from Philly or not he might have been. Yeah he lived in South Dade as a car dealer. No I don't I don't know. I think that's the guy you're talking about that if you better mind about you to take a sex to him in the old man your reading and I said put him a few times. You must take a test. It was like center right 106. Yeah. Yeah. That's him. Yeah. Well he didn't know more. 560s and have a now he's in hockey heaven now. 560s up there with foster you and Harold Bell and Danny Gallivan and Dan Kelly. And Steve Chase on. Here's a mobile in Hollywood hello. How are you doing Neil? Okay sir. I want to read a comment about these two cops that beat the hell out of supposedly beat the hell out of somebody in high. Yeah. And their father's a police chief. Well the mayor got on television and say we're not going to tolerate physical abuse towards any citizens in our city. Yeah. And his guy was on TV and we can have a go beat now out of somebody himself. I can't believe what I was watching. He's not going to talk about the pion's but he can be the crap anybody who wants including Hank at the track. And everybody else he chooses because he's a big guy. Yeah. Guys are wack. I mean, holy and possible if he's up like this and they're not. Well, the highly of the aromatic and vicar fell in that they didn't like don't you understand that it was like John Lemellow and sunrise was the same thing with the old you'd lost there. The same old same old song pal like the four top said. Stay old. You can smell it. The old Miles away. You know, I was almost ready to tell you that I've shagged by the virgin on virgin and lannick, but that would be bad to say that because going up. Did we see I don't expect yes I do. When somebody presented to you in a way that you think you're going to get upgraded like to upper class I mean, sub virgin Atlantic flies these great big 747s, which is you know, when you go to your up you really should be flying a 747. Unfortunately airlines like Martin there they fly those crappy 767 and Delta doesn't even have any 747. So you know, when you can fly 747 and Scott a first class or they call it upper class and it really give you the great service like virgin Atlantic and then you fly over the second time and you're in what they call premium economy class. It's very disappointing. And so I might have I mutt it said I got checked by the virgin except they're coming back yesterday. We got a free upgrade to upper class again thank god and it's a mhaia baby. It was great one of the great flights of my life eight hours from London to Miami. We got in an hour early nice going. This was even the plane that had Austin powers on the outside by the way, not him on a wing, but the picture running outside of the plane. So I just want to caution you because I you know, I know I was very enthusiastic about that in the last time I flew them back in April. And there were a great airline to give you excellent service, but but the difference between see they have like your regular economy or coach for slupper's like most of you. And then they have premium economy which sounds very good. But premium economy on virgin Atlantic is exactly the same as star class or business class and Martin there. The seats are too close together. The food they bring you that everything on the tray is in plastic even the role is in plastic. I can't begin to imagine if you if you fly in coach the cheapest class on virgin Atlantic, I can't imagine what they give you an economy for a meal. Even a big map I think would be like a little bit overboard for them because in premium economy it was very and they had like little TV dinners. And I have you have a choice of three and then she reaches out and they're like all heated up and everything is like wrapping plastic even the role. I'm not making that up whoever heard of getting a role that was wrapped in plastic on a plane or elsewhere. And yet when you sit in upper class, it's fantastic. So that's my commentary. If you can afford to pay a little bit more if you've got a few bucks extra do the upper class on a virgin Atlantic because they're premium economy which they're counting very highly like it's a big deal. It's pretty weak. But thanks for the upgrade Richard God bless you. Tutaloo. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Yes sir. You gotta see how powerful your station is, how you and your talent is you and George. Yeah. We people you go away. They they they they they put you on the air on the TV station to close you. And then last week while George is on the quota in the newspaper George Rodriguez. Yeah. Did you hear about that? The letter to the editor. Yeah. Yeah. Well, somebody wrote in they they quoted. I got many women. Yes. Yes. I thought that was great. And also that. You know, just so good to have you back because. You know, a week without meals like a week without fun. Not in George. Do I'm sure George did a good job? It was funny. You get to say people to call in that love. I'm the same people calling that hate. I mean, how should we can these people be to say that they hate a show. But they listen to we show. Oh, thank God. I never gave that. Don't they ever stop that? No. No. They don't have a life. Don't you understand if he and I should both fail out of here like now. If we ran off to have lunch with the what's in now and left a void here for two hours. These people would load a brain's on. They probably would. And you know, you were talking before about the screen. They've called on the talk. The rate of the sports show. Sir, I find that so anxious. There's heavy screening of phone calls on any talk shows. I can't find words to describe it. Well, that's because there's a talented so insecure about what will we'll be said. We're going to be so thin skin. If somebody calls you a fat slob or somebody could. I mean, I could understand if somebody says something that, you know, a four-liter word. You got to dump that or somebody just wants to be a major asshole and you don't want to let them call for in What times a day. You'll dump them out of the discourage them. But if somebody takes a shot at you, why do you have to dump it? I like you, sir. You've been insecure. Is that what the problem is? I don't have a little bit of fun. Let's make an interesting and exciting. Stop hearing about, you know, what are your thoughts on advanced raw? Soccer game. I didn't do that. I'm just expressing my own opinions because I have a lot of good CDs in the car like this morning. What about that linebacker for, yeah, okay. God. And they're said about women's soccer. Does anybody know anywhere in the world? Really? No. No. He'll Roger's God. I don't know soccer. Finally, in this whole number, I got up, that's plain. Very sharp. In front to get your money away. But design a project. Then to bottles and juice. And you win a band. To do tea. That's to do. I tried very hard to smell gold. And they wouldn't let me play. But I did not get in trouble. So I tried to double those wives. Yes, I'm just a little bit used by the ones who live up my life with such a table. After all, my husband's brother. With some tea or the cake, I'd like to know that I'd buy anything I need and just wouldn't think more. I would be just good to have me value. When I get back, I'm just fine. I have to buy some new tea. Come on. You got to do it right like I did. Come back from Amsterdam yesterday in a plane. Bring back about two pounds of good stuff. And I know all the guys there. It's custom day. You know, welcome back and just walks right on to there. No problem at all. I brought back his supply for the whole building here. I don't use the crap because it smells like crap. Like garbage. Like that. But nevertheless, got his supply to building here, right? No. Come on. 560, 560, Pomp 560. And of course, the best part of it is they're probably are people who believe this. That's the best part. That's why I said it because I know what I'd do to take. He's bringing smuggling in marijuana. We know he went there to that for drugs. Oh, yeah, that's right. Here's my me lakes. Hello. What? They would love to catch you, bring something in. That would make there. I couldn't even smuggle in cheese. You know, you're not supposed to bring back the open food products. I couldn't even bring back cheese if I wanted to. Yeah. I was going to be for about the way that's censoring the incoming calls. While you were gone, there was an article by Barry Jackass about Joe Rose. People try to try to coerce him into joining the new station. Yeah, laughing. So I called up to talk about the idea that Barry Jackass had the 800th article about laughing again. Yeah. Yeah. And they're trying to steal Joe Rose, which I think would be a great move on your station as part if you could dump him. But anyway. I don't who we could get in there then. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to mention his name. Yeah. Yeah. But anyway. He would be good. But I'm going to talk about it. They just shut me off. I couldn't say anything. I want to. I want to. Even though I have nothing to do with it, I want to personally apologize to you for that. Because the rest of this radio station, we got a bunch of pushies that work here. And they have to do this heavy duty screening, which Timmy makes for garbage radio. Yeah. Well, that's why we missed you, Neil. I can't tell you George wasn't too bad this time. Usually he sucks. But this time he wasn't bad. Well, there he goes. Go to the show. He was really getting the Cuban raft in a situation. He was pretty entertaining about that. And then unfortunately he got into re-bidgen and he beat that dead horse up. Yeah. He wasn't bad. Thank you. But don't go away. God bless you. I'm going back. I just can't even get my check. He's going fine. Everything's going along really good. The bossy eight here, the PD. He's still on the extended vacation on the bus mentality. God willing, those were shit where he is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. On a great Monday here at QAF. It's 60. If you like it. Tell them like it is, they throw flowers today. And the rest of the day we suck a lot of ass. See, that's the thing that really cracks me up. People that have this big image is being really telling like it is. And they're really gutsy and bald. And it's like a bunch of pussy. Oh, Jesus, somebody call me in name. Wow. God, let's go get to your crying towel. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I still can't get over that Andy from the hockey game thing. What's that? What's that? What's that? I didn't hear anything. That beep you didn't hear maybe the facts machines. They're in the lower one out of paper again. Make some punky sounds. I've been knowing it. Here's Parkland. Hello. Welcome home. You sound energized. Yes, I am. While you were gone, you know God, God, we're at the mirror. Do you want? God, we're at the mirror. Who's that? Oh, that's right. Oh, thank you so much for reminding me. There will be no Godfather for because Mary O's sleep's through the fishes. Thank you so much. I understand that God said it wasn't personal. It was just business. That's right. By the way, the. So thank you God for saving us from Leo. That's what we all say. Oh, yeah. By the way, the I'm a story as false. West, it was planted by the station after a Western one decided to put the state program with another station for money and Boston. So I'm a system going off the air and Boston. He's just changing stations. Yeah, but it says his number drop from like a 10 year and a morning to a four six. Is that also incorrect? I can't say that for sure, but I can't tell you one thing for sure. I am a announced officially they're going in Miami, but what they didn't announce is that they're being canceled in Las Vegas. Yeah. So that's the real thing. Well, they were on on Miami on at 1700 states, not only very Jack. I saw the listening to the trouble the 1700 stations. A lot of people say I'm radios can pick up 1700. So I know all those ratings. I'm possibly going to turn their dial all the way to the end of here. I did man in the year. Some people would. But I'm probably. I'd rather I'd rather hear Hank. And I'd rather hear him. I guess in the morning, I still rather hear Rick and Sugs. Okay, God bless you sir. I want hear from Fred. I'm just come on. Let's get Fred to show. He's under like 40% of the time anyway. 560 we got 600 open lines throughout the Monday. What are we going to do about lunch? Let's get done the important stuff. Okay, we got the check in here. Thanks to our good close friend Sam, but you still can't reap us. Well, those men as well as men. Yeah, you know, he walks down the hall brings me my check which I appreciate very nice. That was nice gesture on his party and have to do that. But then to come in here and want us to like drop the soap for him. Back to him. We're getting it. Wasn't that good, you know. I don't think. So anyway, what are we going to do for lunch? Speaking of sausage. Working with you like a nice, you think maybe it's too late for ponate. I don't want to sit around a wait for him. He's just like, well, he's has a sausage. I want some nice sausage. I'm in the mood. Of course, I just had a lot of sausage on vacation. I mean, in Kalo, I'm talking about see all these people in the audience. Every time I say something like that, they start conjuring up all these things. Probably some of which are true. 560, 50560 on the AT&T line. 22 before noon of QAM. Hank Goldberg. I'm assuming from Shulostake too. I'm assuming because we have no schedule here. Where's the nephew? Where's the assistant program director? Where's Clarence Zero? Where's all these other people that are supposed to be filling the breach while our program director is on the last day of its vacation? I got no schedule over here. See, one thing if Duff Lindsey were here today, I'd have a schedule. I wouldn't have to be say, oh, it's airy is now. See that? Now that I'm bitching him out. Now that nephew comes in here, where's this schedule? What do he just say? That's not here. Oh, there's the assistant program director. Because he is screaming y'all and he walks in there with the thing. Why you're at it, by the way, fix the cop in machine? I mean, thank you so much. Okay, so Clarence just came in here with a schedule. Let's see, we got Hank, Ed Shulostake's a predicted today. Hank's got a butcher. No screening on a call. I want to challenge Hank. All screenless today between two and six. Let's have a real show today. No holds barred, okay? Kimba Bocaper, six o'clock tonight. Ed Kaplan with a gambling show at 10. There we go. Now I got the schedule, now I can continue. So who the hell needs Duffa? 21 me four noted five, 60 wqm, let me tell you if there's one person that can come in here and tell some of the getoffie dot on the guy. I need some action. And now, Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by TLC. Dr. Burnham? A scrub of the guy that thinks he's quiet, also known as a fuss. But, all we've talking about what he wants, just fit them in the broken ass. So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine. And no, I don't want to meet you nowhere. No, I don't want none of your time. And no, I don't want no scrub. No, the scrub is the guy that can't get no love from me. Hang it out the passenger side of his best friend's ride, trying to call out that he's no scrub. No scrub, no no. No scrub, no no no no no no. Okay, it's 1144 or 560 WBQM. We were in Colo and Germany one day. Did we see any sparks out there at one day? No, just a lot of real good looking white people. But anyway, hippies had west to town where potsmokers go free, a town in Northern California's offering potsmoking Americans. The ultimate pipe dream. It's become the first place in the country to legalize cannabis. And issues identity cards to use is guaranteeing immunity from prosecution. The police chief in our canter is not merely accepting the ID card. These issuing them personally signing them and even taking the photographs himself. The tree hugging tied that community of 15,000 at the heart of California's marijuana rich emerald triangle has delighted hippies everywhere by passing city or city ordinance 1276 Proviniting cannabis useful medical purposes. Many ID card holders are genuinely suffering from chronic pain, cancer, multiple sclerosis, AIDS and arthritis, but not surprisingly, the town is now experienced. They suddenly increase in people complaining of mysterious maladies. Everyone we try to arrest has a recommendation from Dr. Field Good at Mitz Police Chief Mel Brown 53 who's drug arrest have plummeted as a result. These shakes has had as he leaves the bedroom of marijuana card holder Jason Brown filled with cannabis plants and a heaped pile of smokeable pot. I usually places like that with plants and prisoners he said, but now here law enforcement is holding out the olive branch. To receive a stat of jail card patient's latest certificate from a friendly California doctor and complaining of backache, restress, maybe all it takes. Lucy may tuck got her doctor to certify that smoking marijuana was a good way to treat her hot flushes and she ain't flushed anymore. So we're going to be doing the show from our cat. By the way, that's where we're going to have our temporary studios while we're finishing this tenure construction project here at QAM. 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. What are I going to do about my publics for these to have this really good broad works that they used to sell in the packages and now they don't anymore. I think my publics is slipping. I don't recognize any of the people in there anymore. Everybody's gone the managers gone. Frankie he's disappeared Andrew. You don't see him anymore. Any of the people there at publics are all going to set by a tent in front. I've pie's on he's the only one left. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. The gentleman sausage. Yeah. Remember breeding drugs was noise the Pembroke Road in Hollywood. No. Okay. Just know at the Pembroke two blocks on your left. Yeah. There's a whole world sausage coming in and it's awesome. Really? Yep. Old world sausage? I think it's a whole world. Then there's another one for 41 called European sausage but they're both in Hollywood. 441 and what? Around Johnson Street. You're Johnson. Okay. Got it. And I call somebody to respect the... Yes sir. Barrio. You're a major. Okay. Thank you, pal. Okay. Watch your meat. Okay. One call I've been aboard again. Come back from a great vacation. Have it a great time. We've got 50,000 different things on a pot today including smoke at it. And these people are same old tired stuff just like you know that airport yesterday. And watch all these geeks pretending to be driving on a highway. I seriously. I could have written a short book just about the trip home from the airport yesterday. And actually the inside the airport part was it was a piece of cake. No long line waiting to pay the thing to get out of there. The parking thick zip right out of there. But as soon as you leave that thing and get on one 12 starting with all the traffic back up in the tolls in the whole deal, it's the end of the world. And there's our last call just to disappear. So we're doing almost two hours today. It's been really great being back. You want to ease back into it. You know I've been away for a few days having a good time. You don't want to do over try over doing it. Oh, brother. I am telling you this is just amazing this place. 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Hey, no another thing that's fascinating to me is we got all our I don't know where this came from either because it's not a new topic. I mean, they've been doing this heavy screening on this station for as long as I've been here and I'm sure before that. But the one show where you can call in and basically you're not going to get a third degree when you call in the show and talk about whatever it had you want within reason. Is this one, but they're calling here to complain about the ones that they can't do it on. That's the thing that I love. And I say here, turn my guts out, turn my brains out, puked in my lungs out. Oh, speaking of puked in the lungs out. So two more great in the episode of the Tom Green Show and NTV yesterday. Oh, putting in the one where he gets himself drunk and puked, I mean, just all over the place. Nice going Tom. Yeah, Tom Green Show. That's where it's at on MTV. Although I do want to retract what I said about silver and death max. That's a bad show. That's not a good show. It's a terrible show. Who the hell did they have on her yesterday? They had, I watched like two minutes of it. And I was pathetic. You know, and he's gouged in his book. Oh, it was Charlie Sheen and the Mio Esther Vez. Pretty weak. But Tom Green, or vice president, Jesse DeBody for president, Tom Green for VP. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I need a how you done. Okay. I just got on the, I just got anyone called me. No. I said, I didn't even call you about this. K-Pervoyant on TV right now with the raptors, whether following another boatload. No. It's on just left. It's on one of the network stations and they got the newscopters and they got the coast guard running around the circles after. I can't get that in here. I've only got the cable. Oh, I'm a small dish. I think it's on an NBC, but there's about 12 people in the raft. Yeah. And it's not bored in the Coast Guard cutters. They got that guy that brothers and Rush, you got. They call him on the phone. Oh, well, what is this guy? Stop already. It's not. It's not. But he claims that it's deployed by Castro to bring the United States to the negotiating table to supply tech Cuba with newer boats and newer and gasoline and stuff to keep the people from leaving the island with newer boats. Yeah, for the Cuban. So they can come over here and style. I mean, what does that mean? Nor boats for what? For the Coast Guard to provide the Cuban Coast Guard to prevent these both of these raptors from leaving the island. And we're going to supply the Cuban Coast Guard with newer boats. That's what he wants us to do. That's an extra, that's the reason that Castro is sending them all over the world. Okay. Tell them to take two in call us in the morning. Thanks for your madness. Thank you. Thank you. More of the same. Well, like I said, you can come back here 50,000 years from now. And it'll still be rich and it'll still be squatting over your ass and they'll still be hyperventilating. And at any of our channel for Elliott Rodriguez, we'll be trying to tell a Coast Guard how to do their job. Like I said, don't worry about any more tools on the goddamn roads out there. Just stick a bunch of angry old Cubans out there in the middle of the road and say they're not going to move it till you vote for the penny sales tax. That's what you ought to do, Mayor Pinga. Just stick a bunch of discruinals on one dimensional people out there sitting in the goddamn road. We have no respect and no consideration for anybody else that lives or has to drive in his town. Same old tired manottenous repetition, swill. And where do you look other than this guy, damn radio show? Where do you look? You find a newspaper that's got to come home? Oh, if anybody on TV, that's got to know. To tackle his bullcrap, this insanity that goes on and never ever changes. Where they keep shoveling crap down your throat, what do you like it or not? It's not bad enough. It's 120 degrees in the shade. That's not bad enough. You get off the plane on a jetway yesterday at Miami International. I'm going to tell you, you are polishing. Even if you're in a room with that means you're like spitting. You're like, wait, they're past out. You're gasping for oxygen. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Thank you so much. George did a pretty good job. His logistics conversations were probably what you need to do to get us crowd back here. I mean, things that phones were burning. Well, they were talking with religion. Yeah. Maybe if you want to get some call, maybe try to have a little while and just fake them out. Get them in all the online and then hang up on them. Okay, like that. 560, 0560, pound-560 on the AT&T wildest line. You tell me the phones were smoking all week. Is that what you're just saying now? Hot and cold. Hot and cold. Like now. Not this cold. 560, 0560. Well, see, they're not terrified of you. They're just scared of crap. They're like most of the people who are working on this radio station. They're a bunch of cowards. They're a bunch of pussy. They don't have the courage of their goddamn convictions. They've got probably plenty on their rap sheet. 560, 0560, pound-560 on the AT. So we got the old Heidelberg there. All I want is some good grott words. Like I got there in color and Germany. And they give you that little bruncher. Why would they tell you, what is that thing they call? Little piece of a little roll. And they don't, but they don't, if you're going to do it right, you don't put it on the roll. They give you on the, and with that kind and a little mustard on the cardboard thing. And the roll is on the side, which you don't have to get you. It's a few cents extra for that. A few extra offending. And they're long and they're delicious and they're just ribos of rot worth the real thing, you guys. By the way, you'd be pleased to know that we did go by on a train in Colon, past the Bayer factory again. And they didn't have a special thing in the back there where they were selling lampshades. Oh, once. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. That's a great job. That's what I hear. The verdict is George was sensation. Oh, he might put him on again this week because I was having a great time. He's always very good. But anyway, that earlier color kind of stole my thunder, but I would like to go back yet when this thing happened. That had like another boat little Cubans and both Colstart Cutter, rammed the boat and all the stuff. No, I wasn't back, but I read with great interest. The two different approaches to it and the newspapers about the one in the harrow, the harrow, the course, panders as always. And makes it seem that the Coast Guard was in the wrong and doesn't bother mentioning the fact that they were using evasive methods and rockin' about all over the place. And then collided with the Coast Guard, the Cutter. And the Sun Sentinel on the other hand has it like a really happened. Well, you would have had a heart attack as Channel 7. You're friendly. Whatever you've been, Rick's snatches. Rick snatches you. They cut into like a live spot, right, with the guy sitting there by the Coast Guard station. And these were his words, quote unquote. The police have now left because apparently there's not enough trouble here. It's 20 or 40 police cars in line. So apparently there isn't enough people in rage to make a difference. So basically he was collecting them. Yeah, he was doing it right there. He was trying to fan the flames of a stereo and the thing. Right, look, this is a great restation. We've got to got them, you can shut up. Right, amen. Amen. You got to let you a sur, right. I say put it in the same cell with Mayor Pingu, put the two of them in there together. They suck. And tell the squad on this. Thank you so much sir. How do you like that? There's not enough cops over here to go. There's just enough hysteria going on yet. So let's see if we can't get a bunch of hysterical people out here. And then make it worth their while. What a piece of crap here is. You can't complain about the media and this to them because generally speaking, there isn't any. Just have a bunch of irresponsible hysteria. Fan burners is what we got. They're burning the fan in the flames of crap. Like that Elliott Rodriguez and his new guy. Oh, this can't be a lot of. Why can't I turn off channel for? I can't stop watching it. And I hate it because the others are certain. No, not because it's good. But because the other ones are so much worse. That is one hell of a condemnation of channel 6 channel 7 and channel 10. Channel 4 is just I mean they can't even their direction of the news is horrendous. The cameras are always working in the wrong place. They can't get the stories on here. They're lost. That angel array if that thing gets any bigger. They're going to start confusing it with an wreaky. That big thing on her push. And one on her face though look too good either. God. But the other ones are so much worse. If we only had like a real newspaper in a real local station would real news on it. God will we make some goddamn progress here. Is that going to happen any time in our lifetime? Oh, so come down. Come down. Let's be here for my good friend. By the way, do you ever speak to a Brad from Tony's? Yes, I did. I don't want to talk to you that day on the attorney party. Didn't. Or maybe he forgot. He didn't mention it. Huh? Well, no, I didn't hear what he said. I mean, you know, it's embarrassing. You've had that happen. Where you kind of like drive away like a bad out of hell as I'm want to do. And I'm going to get out of here every day. I will get the hell out of here. I don't want to stop in the even though we do love Brad from doing that. I don't want to know we do love Brad from Tony's. Especially if it's never going to speak to us today. That thing with Andy though, that's just shocking. Shocking. Thirty five years old. That dead. And these people think it's again. I think it's, oh yeah, that meal. You sure are belly extra well. I'm stopping and stop eating all the goddamn food. Stop eating all that goddamn ice cream over there in the Amsterdam. And he is caught every one of his foot white tool fair trial. But if they're proven wrong, he has to write to make them get down. Judge, change brawl. Judge, this case, one of one, no matter what brawl versus John's. Thank you, Mr. Honour. Oh, man, Mr. Honour, you guys, that's what we're doing. I'm going to have a little dinner tonight. Sure. Mr. Jones and I are carpooled of work occasionally on the way to work. He put in a Ricky Martin cassette. Then he just cranked up the volume on my cassette machine and pulled an obboss. So I couldn't turn it down. Oh, no, you're on her. I can't stand Ricky Martin. Oh, man, I'm going to see you. Yeah, but you were doing that. You were doing that. You were on the knob on the cassette machine came up by itself, so I'm really wasn't my fault. Oh, I don't want to walk you, but I really met a net. You know, because the defendant told me to and he said, just turned that as a volume. And I did, I turned it off. No, you did. You did. I got dead. I'm not going to. I said you said, hey. So I apologize to you. I'm not fooling in any of my nino. You ought to be living in the judge in front of him. So I said, it's a fucking enough of me. I'm doing it tomorrow. Thanks to the law. I guess that. I'm on you. You're just getting destroyed. Probably 3 at 5.60 W to come. Hank from my shoulders into a clock and bull camper. It's at Kaplan for the gambling. You, uh, degenerate center clock tonight. Got the all star game or any interest in. Oh, that. Here's the awarding of the thing that will be on the ballot on Thursday, July 29. Just keep one word in mind for this penny sales tax increase. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It says, shall Miami a date County implement comprehensive transportation plan under ordinance 19. Whatever number this is abolishing all tolls and toll booths on existing expressway system, expanding metro rail by eight new lines and 90 miles adding, which I can't read this because it's a bad fact. Something 15 million bus miles reducing something in bus versus including free service to seeing years and building more than a 1000 new expressway and roadling miles by leaving a something by living a 1% sale sur tax on goods and services accepting among others general groceries and medicine. Yes or no. To miracle, I can read any of this because it's a bad fact, but nevertheless, there it is. And of course, just say, no. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, did you go? Did you go to Amsterdam also when you were on your trip? Sure, did. You did. Yeah, because I'm leaving next Thursday to both Amsterdam and Colom. Funny enough. Really? Yeah. You love it. Oh, I know. I've been to both several times actually. Now, you go on a train to Colom? Yeah. Two hours and 40 minutes. Yeah. Okay. How's the weather over there? The weather was perfect. With like 75 in the day, 58 and night, every day was this fantastic. Oh, yeah. Rain, rain one night. I just was coming in the hotel around midnight. I started pouring in a rain overnight and then in the morning, as someone was back out again. Excellent. Yeah. Last time I went was in the fall and it was pouring. Yeah. It was pretty nice. But it was cool. It was cool. Okay. Well, glad to hear you're back. Have a great time, pal. Thank you. Yeah. The guarantee you can't miss. By the way, were it skip all airport? Getting ready to come back yesterday morning and Amsterdam? Or no, was it? No, wasn't in skip. Was it? Yes, it was. Get ready to fly to London and then get on Virgin, to get shagged on Virgin Atlantic. Thanks again. We're here for my upgrade yesterday. The upper class that's the only way to fly at Virgin Atlantic is an upper class. Believe me when I tell you, you don't want that meal in the plastic in the premium economy. Hey, to tell you that, but I don't want to leave you down the garden path. And then have you get angry and call me a couple months ago. Oh, gee, we're sure we were a virgin, a latic on your recommendation. And the premium in the land, a economy really sucked. It did. But the upper class, even the, I told you that even had the young lady that comes and offers you a massage. For free, as part of your upper class, something. She'll massage it for you. And of course, we both said no. Here's a candle, hello. There you go. Yes, sir. Hey, go ahead and hear your back. I have a question for you. You can talk about anything, right? Anything you like. Something I like. How come you can't talk about arbitrage? Meaning what? Meaning, I got my got to. I got to. Great. Like I said, we love you very much. Happy to talk about it. Well, I mean, what is there to talk about? Well, you know, I talk about it all the time when ratings come out. I'm the only person in the market that talks about arbitrage. But you usually cut people off when they want to talk about it. Because because they get real nervous, like if somebody calls like you do and say, I've got diaries. And then you say, oh, well, you know, you give them any kind of influence. Do you know what I'm saying? The arbitrage people have a nervous breakdown. And they don't like that. All right. So you're going to cut me off. No. Okay. Well, the depend. What does that mean? Well, if you got diaries, you're going to put us down. That's right. See, there you go. Like I said, we never would cut you off. All right. You can talk as long as you want. Have a nice day. And have a nice day. I handled that beautifully if I say so myself. Thank you. 560560. Yeah, we need to have a big asked you on and by the way, the next book, the Spring Book that's the April May and June, that will be out on July 29th. What a coincidence. The same day that is bogus, this and see there's another thing about the election. That's coming up with a penny sales tax. Is everybody in this audience confident that the results will be accurate? No. Like the first metro rail thing back 20 years ago, that the election was fixed. I'll say it again and again and again, that was a rigged election. And the fact that there were a little do this thing now with the increased tolls and the money that was fixed. And the mayor is being quoted on the TV news is saying, oh, I'm there. Pena's hopes that everybody's really fed up with this increased toll thing. So the vote, yes, for the sales tax to get the tolls off those for roads. And by the way, Dave Slater was right. It says abolishing all tolls and toll boots on existing expressway system. Well, see, that's very misleading to a lot of people because it's the Golden Glaze Interchanges, I think, called the Florida Turnpike and also down there on bird road and down there in South South. Which is a state road. And even almost of us would consider that to be part of the expressway system. Is it included in this thing? No. And those tolls are going to vanish? No. So as usual, trying to do their best to miss the public, they could have made it a lot simply, they could have said, oh, yeah, they could have said what they were. Or could have just said, like, he suggested on four. How do you expressways? Did they do that? Oh, because they want to be as vague and ambiguous and pretend to be promising as much as they can for everybody. So they can stick a deep in your echo. We can say, oh, that felt so good again. Mayor penis, let me say it for the hundred times today, you sir should be in jail. You have the frauded, the people of Dave County. And don't give me a song on an answer about Miami, Dave County because all I did like the other guy in the facet was in Coralot more expensive. Can you think of any other county in America that's got a hyphenated name? No. Like, cook Chicago County? No. Wayne Detroit County? No. Suffolk Boston County? No. Whatever the hell with us? No. God damn mother scratching bunch of thieves you've got running this guy damn county. That's what you got. Fixed elections. You got a small handful of self-appointed people already loaded with rolling in money. They got money in their echo. Nicky Harrison and all these other fakers, those bastards at the Harold who moved out to California by the way. After they had raped this time for as much as they could possibly get out of it tonight, ridder people. And they left us with his phony, baloney, third world newspaper called a Harold. That continues to pander to people who hated like poison, who wouldn't even wipe their echo with it or put it on the bottom of their goddamn bird cage. What am I getting excited about? First day back, right out of the box, I'm getting whipped up to a frenzy and they'd like something's going to change here. No. It sounds good. The apple chip and the apple is badly hurt. The crap little records is proud to present the Elvis album, everyone's been waiting for. It's Elvis and Seattle. Oh man, who's real man, from the mouse of the cadence, I'm getting hungry. I hear it. Give me a cheeseburger man. And see if the coast guy let the little was on you. I'm getting hungry. That's right. The king of rock and roll. Let's play the king's album. And you've got a front road ticket. Oh, willow Jeremy's book. And class today, Elvis. Covers all the great Seattle bands. Throw jam, sound garden, and the one that started at all. They're bonnet. No man. I'm a lot of, oh, my mosquito. My libido. Elvis is playing, and rocking Seattle. Only on, crap it'll record the jay. Man, spaghetti. There are some jy-do. Asmphos. Man, potatoes. Good. Good. Good. Thank you. At five, six, you're welcome. So we got a call from St. Louis, how would you already talk to this, both, I mean, this guy last week. Hello. Yes. Sure. Uh, doesn't subrockcast.com, you mean, that you're planning on going national? No. Okay. I'm going to leave it on there forever. Okay. I'm going to say, uh, at least I'm a little bit relieved. A little bit relieved from what? You're listening to what right now. But what do you believe about? Wow. And George tells me you called him last week. So you must have been also listening last week. So you called him twice last week? Well, I do a program of chance before I make it done. No, no, no. Give it a chance. And also call us from St. Louis on your dime. That's only four, something minutes. Yeah. Uh, you know, so. So what's the point? Well, you're somewhat relieved that this program isn't going national. We get calls from people all over the world on the internet. Um, well, you're definitely, um. Definitely. What? Well, your anti-Christian views and everything. I anti-religion views, not just Christians, your anti-organized religion. It's a pile of crap. It's a much of propaganda is responsible for mostly hills and misery and suffering in the world today. And you know that as well as I do. Well, if you're much more successful at the time for Jared Falwell and Pat Robertson and Dodd-Wall and two, reach out and touch you. Meaning what? Meaning like, um, try to get, um, mind spring and stop. Oh, you know, something I hate to break the news to you, sir. My great right wing friend, but they've been trying to do that for 15 years. You know, something this program is still number one. It will be long after you're sitting there. If they're done with your computer, okay? Go dittled with your guy, then keyboard. Oh, yeah, Mr. Wildman and Mr. Falwell, and don't forget that goofball over there in Tampa 2. Whatever it hell is named. David Cate and don't forget all of them. Okay. Yeah, time for them to reach out because you can't stand. You don't understand number one, but the first amendment's all about. And number two, you can't stand the idea that anybody is on your, with a different opinion that ditto crap that you're into. That's what that whole rush limb off thing. Ditto ditto ditto. In other words, mindless assholes, automaton, whatever you say, I don't really have an opinion of my own. Just ditto ditto, whatever you say because of a mindless idiot. So don't waste your time calling me again. Okay, maybe George wanted to entertain and whom you were a couple of times. Don't waste your time with me again. Okay. I'd rather sit here picking my nose and come up with a hell of a lot better material and you got. Oh, it's time for Mr. Wildman and Mr. Falwell. Mr. Falwell by the way, don't have time for this show. He's too busy with a purple tinky winky and with a little fear. He's too busy worrying about important things like that. And about those godless bastards that did me. He's got his hands full. My good Christian friend. What have I always told you? As soon as they start telling you what good Christians they are, the more that means that they're into this right wing side courses. And they're going to try to sense it. You went stifle you and you know, blow up your abortion clinic or whatever else it is that they don't like. Thank god, sir, that you're in St. Louis because in the middle of the summertime, like right about now is hot and humid as it is right now. It's a picnic compared to where it is. You are St. Louis, a sewer, a toilet. You're in a perfect place, sir. Hell, you're living in it. Here's a mobile or West Palm Beach, hello. Mobile or West Palm? How are you doing? Okay, sir. I'll allow Jesus Christ of the Netherlands. I've been chasing you around around the hour, about like, in 1984 and all these people that, when you ever go to a new channel or they discover you, they think this is some original argument that they've been making. Yeah, right. But anyway, on the other hand, he's going to be the whistleboard. He's going to expose this. All these good, like they haven't been trying to get every guy damn show off the year, including this one for 15 to 20 years with no success, by the way. This Thompson, that was a really good one. Yeah. But on the 95 issue, not only did they have 95 blocked off, they had the no, the construction work, the failed out of how, where you would have to use in order to go ahead and get the funds. Okay, well, let's hear your phone down. Okay, let's give you a new phone and call me back, sir. I'm sorry, but your phone is deadly. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. I hate to do that, but you can't listen to it. Like that, you don't want to say? You don't want to say? Uh-huh. Okay. Here's a mobile in Marko Island, hello. Go to Neil. Yes, sir. Going about that article you talked about, Arcita, the marijuana. Right. I've got a kid who goes to college out there, who's a college in town, and you're right on, as the marijuana is free and easy out there. How do you like that? I love it. Arcita, California, that's what everybody's moving to. Get out of this hellhole. I'm both state college. Right? Let's prove exactly what the article said told you. God bless you, sir. God bless you, Neil, listen. So let those religious guys get you hard times? Ah, screw them. They're going to burn in hell anyway. Have a great deal. Yes, sir. One more comment. Close it. About the corruption of Miami. Yes. Well, you got to Latin Americans money and influence. You're going to have corruption. You know that? Yeah. Amen. Thank you, sir. So what do you try to say? You know? I'll as far as this marijuana stuff. Not bad enough. This entire organized religious stuff. But this marijuana stuff. That's got to stop right now. Okay? Where I'm going to call up God damn, uh, what's his name on you? I'm going to call up Billy Graham. Don't take it, get him on. Don't do it. He wishes he's his friend. He's his friend. He's his friend. He's his friend. He's his friend. He's his friend. He's his friend. Yeah, maybe it's about kind of that rush. I'll take no matters in his own hand. By the way, hate to break the news, you. He's as old as Mithuzlanau. His act as his stale is last year's halivar. Have somebody there and say, Lewis and<|ko|><|ko|> What halivari is, okay? My good, go ahead, your friend. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Let's go. That thing is weakened. Yeah. Just two guys, I'm going to go. Go, go, go, go, go, go. No, no, no, no, no. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's homestead, hello. I hate you. How you doing? Welcome back. Thank you so much. The idea, these heroes, are they all right? The one? The heroes, you know, they called. They've heard that term, your rose. When they come over here. They don't, they don't use your rose. You're, those are only on paper at this point. They're not using yours. They still all will countries still have their own currency. Friendly people, though. How big are you? Friendly those. Why don't you talk about the currency? The European people? Have the people? Of course, they're friendly. So, in other words, if you could go back and have another vacation, and still keep the job, would you do it? Anyway, let me see. You really ask him now, I thought, what's going to start to that question. It's like when I had the seven months paid vacation two years ago, and people thought, oh, gee, he sure misses me on the air, and I thought, yeah. Well, let's, and, you know, ratings, that's big for themselves, right? Yeah. Hey, let's and Neil. I got a couple of, well, are you going to keep making all these rhetorical comments? I mean, you keep asking me questions that you're answering yourself, but anyway. Listen, I got a couple of being a no-neal, one line or two. Okay, five, six, seven, five, sixty. Oh, God. I'd rather talk to the guy from the same lowest again, and I'd rather be dead than talk to him again. loser. five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. See, you can say, whatever the hell you want, but as soon as it starts to get boring, then, you'll hear that dial tone real fast. Real quick. Here's Del Rey Beach, hello. I need a, yes sir. You're the only game man I love. Listen, I got a, I got to play both these sports holes, and when you're gone, there was somebody called in about a game hit this six years ago. Yeah. You want to correct one of the boys on the, um, the tenant record. Oh, pretty believe this. Yes. That's this radio station. That's the problem with this radio station sir, is that we got to, this station 20 hours a day of peels. They go out of their way to appeal to these no-life nerds. Instead of talking about this stuff that's like really controversial, and it could really be interesting. They appealed to all these nerds with their trivia, and we bring it up names of, I mean, Napoleon, Kaufman, her Christi, who the hell gives a crap? I'm right ahead about George S. Kaufman and he'll dead. Yeah, yes, it could be press, please. With George to the green job, let's speak. Yeah. I hate it when you go because, like I said, I love you. It's hard to work. Only one kiss per call, pal. Yeah, George kicked that, so rolling. There you go. And then, you know, he comes on a year. Nobody's going to sit down the first time or two and be, an outstanding talk show host. Yeah, it takes a few times, you know? And he's going to be on tomorrow. And when's the go ahead? Steve, in Bob, H.E. Steak, okay. God bless you. And book you up. 560, 050, 50, pound five 60 on the mobile one line. By the way, is anybody believing that Tom Cruise Grant? No, no. Huh? Anybody believe that John Travolta is done? No. So let's talk about the church's sign tells you, George is going to take care of that next time he's on. You never get your green card that way, mister. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, Neil, how are you? Pretty good, sir. I was almost in there at the family. Some St. Louis, unfortunately, my parents had a good comment. So that's a move down here in the early city. Good. What I, what I, how will, what a, what box that place is. May, what a toilet. Hey, as bad as it is down here, I guess it could be always worth somewhere else. But any St. Louis, that's right. I want to make a comment. You're talking a few minutes ago about the, the tolls down on my Annie and I don't know if you've been down in four to all enough to, I remember that when they first opened the floor to term, I supposedly for the first five or seven years, it was going to be a toll rose and turned into a freeway. Right. Well, that never happened. In fact, nothing's ever going away. It's got an higher and higher. Yeah, the deal was that when they raised enough revenue to pay for the construction of it, that the tolls were going to be eliminated. You got it. Why? It reminds me a lot of all of the, a lot of, a lot of, to certain extent. Right. You know, where's the money go? What's going on? And, you know, who, how much should, and if the, the interest is by the way that the state keeps coming up with all these new and different games, even though we didn't want to be in powerball, because we don't want to make too much money for the people here. But, uh, all these new and different games, the biggest sucker bet in the universe, which is the lottery. And the governor is, uh, you know, just loving that and sucking it up. But in the meantime, any other form of gambling is evil and we're all going to burn in hell. Oh, absolutely. You can leave the governor in the Miami-Herald and Bobby Butterworth. Right. Neil, glad you're back. Can I call the new douchebag? Yes, sir. All the corporate monkeys that sound advice, you guys are the bags of douche. Okay. Yeah. Maybe they're sitting on the porch right now. So hot summer day. Five, and then we're monkeys hang out. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Well, we're taking a show. We're moving it to God damn our catacalifornia is what we're doing. We're all going to sit around smoking. I might even take it up myself. I don't have any particular ailment at the moment that I'm nursing, but I'll conjure one up. Okay. Start to get these real nasty headaches. It's right. We're all moving to our cata. That would be a good place to hang out. Maybe that guy from St. Louis could do one of their two gets some good week. Anybody have a heart or a liver? No. Listen to me. It's just stand by and see for so fucking understand where everything is out to the high so fucking standards. The selection isn't just huge. It's so fucking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And so fucking surprises aren't just low. They're so fucking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say so fucking as a beautiful school, I mean so fucking beautiful. And I say it's awful. I mean so fucking helpful. Listen to me. Get the novice so fucking an enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge. I stack at so fucking courteous and try to see that a so fucking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied. Custom a prank and stine. So fucking good. You're a saturday franky so fucking good. From 30 to 560 WDQA. I'm happy Monday to you. Hey, we're having a great time right? I don't give a crap. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. We got 2-300 open lines here for it between now and 2. We got that guy all whipped up into a friend. He squeezed himself up over there and said, Loor, let's hear it. It's going to go out too late. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. The bottom line is these guys Christian went convenient. You know, I listen to your show all the time. And George was talking about it last week. It just, I've got one that works with me. It's only good when he can use it against a situation. Right. They're just, they're just hate mongers disguising their hate with this faith. It's something that it's not. Absolutely. It blows me away down there in a banana republic. I live in Fort Waterdale. The bottom line. When I have to go to a big county. I just get so burned up and pissed off about date county and the way they run the politics down there. It's just absolutely blows me away. But it's going to be running up this way. Get the hell out of South Florida. I can tell you. You mean it's going to be running up this way? The bottom line is the politics and politicians just keep on their income. Who's with each other? Everybody's at the same age. You mean like that new shopping mall that Wayne's going to build across from the arena? There you go. There you go. Exactly right here. Bottom line is just like the Christian. Okay. 560. 560. He said about one time too many within SH. 560. 560. 560. 560. On the mobile one line, we got a headgoat burger. It's Julio's today at 2 o'clock. We got Kim Boe camp for six tonight. And it's capital. If you're one of those GA people, ten o'clock this evening. Keep your office streets. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, and the idea. Okay, sir. Did you read the article and Sunday's Harold about the collision with a Coast Guard cutter with the 12 after juice? I read the first page in the hero. And then I realized that it was totally tainted in twist. And so then I read the backwards story in the Sun Sentinel, which more mirror the story that I had seen on CNN. I didn't see that or I didn't read that. But they said the guy was swimming in a machete at the Coast Guard cutter. He's trying to run life jackets. Are these people being arrested on the law enforcement officials on the water? Exactly. They're supposed to be out there to intercept them. They say their lives if they're in peril, which they did save 11 of me. Yes. What happened if you swimming in a machete at a metro day at cop? You go to jail. Exactly. If you live that long. Exactly. Hey, anyway. I've got a beef with one of your sponsors. Okay. Well, call them up and tell them about it. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's for a lot of deal, huh? Hello, Neo. Yes. How are you sir? Okay. Listen, a couple of things. I've got lots of stuff. I know I can't do all of these things. Take care of time. We don't have it around like a flood of what's called here today. We're not called. Time you want. Thank you for three hours. Thanks very much. Number one. I was just recently as you call with my wife. She grew up with her back from Chicago. And they have a new thing on the airlines now. And it's called. Rying, which is not new, but they lied you about one they're leaving. Then you get on the plane. Well, by the way, Andy Rune who I usually can't stand. I saw his piece at the end of 60 minutes last night about the airlines. Nice going. Everything that all of us who fly commercial flights wanted to say. He said it all night. It was great. I want to say one thing more about it. They put you on the plane and tell you they're going to leave. Then they taxi on out to their little takeoff spot. And then you sit and then the pilot gets on and he mumbles like he's on coil. Rub rub rub and he's saying the stuff about well, we're waiting for our the paperwork to be done. We're waiting for the tower to tell us 10 minutes goes by 20 minutes 30. That's hot in this guy damn plane. Yeah. It's a 16 minutes right hour and a half. And our 15 minutes later he says, well, we're finally being cleared to take off. We're going to take off. That's the flight up to Chicago. Now, would you like to run in what airline was this? It was on ATA God bless my mother. They're working trans air. Right. They're the ones that go to exactly the go to midway. So it's an unsurprisingly us travel and value jet these days. If you know, I don't want to travel value. That's American A, A, I, R, and now or something. Anyway, coming home, I called for the nap in Chicago. They think that he was his wife in the 90s. They don't know what he is till they come down here. But they have for days we have heat warning. He indexed warnings in Chicago. So I'm calling the airline to make sure they're going to leave on time. Sure, yeah, no problem. The plane comes in. No problem. Then this is they tell me they tell us, they can't have to. We have two choices ladies and gentlemen. Due to the heat and the runways that midway, we either have to eliminate passengers. And there's a lot of my would like to eliminate. But that's the whole different thing. Or eliminate gas. And we're going to fly you to Lincoln, Effing, Nebraska. Yeah. And on the way to Fort Lawrence, I asked one of the people walking back to why. Aren't they flying to Japan first? Why are they flying to Lincoln? Why aren't they flying to a place on the way home at least? Just so I don't know those answers. Then. Now this was also American Transire. Absolutely correct. Okay, well, let's take a great day. No, see, I said I give him a lot of time. But it's a terminal. I mean, you want to fly Mickey Mouse Airlines. But even when you fly major airlines, you get all kinds of crap in a Latia. And all the things that you really talked about last night are that they keep doing. Giving you misinformation and screwing around. And the, oh, thank you for flying. So what's so airlines? And then, of course, like he said, that's the only airlines that's going from wherever you're going. Where you want to go at that the time you want to go. They got you coming and going, baby. It's ridiculous. They are they all suck. It's just a question of which one sucks belief. Every one of them sucks. If you can name me one airline, even say, oh, these people are really great. They give you good food. They give you good food. And like Andy really said, forget the food. Just forget about it. Because for the most part, it's garbage. Why can't you just give somebody a sandwich. Okay, if you want to give somebody something in a bag, give them a sandwich. That's fresh. Give them a choice. It's three or four different things. That's it. Don't try to pretend to be some kind of gourmet restaurant because you're not. But they all suck. We had, let's say, alataga in Milan. Go in in on KLM. It's sucked. Go in out on alataga. It's sucked. Virgin air like I said, Virgin Atlantic. Pretty good. You had a great trip coming back. But if you're flying the upper class, it's very comfortable. You got just tons of room. You got your own little TV screen. You got all the amenities you could ever want. Even the food is pretty decent. But the thing is to be on the same plane. And for not that much less. To be getting the inferior kind of service that you get into what they call premium economy, it should be unacceptable. But do you have a choice? No. Whoever heard of getting a rule in a plastic sack. Every single thing on that tray going over on premium on premium economy was in a plastic sack. And you know what I thought, I thought this is a sack of rap is what it is. But thanks again for that upgrade. We're just talking to you. And I'll talk for a language lesson of the day repeat after me. Me fa fa, Jenny problem us can too postaddo. But a so mama is stop beauty also, which means my father's having problems with his prostate. That's why mom so cranky must so when the big ones. Okay, 1242 at 560 WKOM. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. 560, 5050. A lot of calls on it. Matt, Matt, Matt, Matt, Matt thing, right? No. Nobody cares about that. Nobody gives a flying crap about the marlins. But the fact is, I mean, talk about embarrassing. Give it away 20,000 pins with this one guys picture on it. One of the most popular players on the team and one of the only decent ones on this team. On a horseball team that they're begging people to try to come out and see. And on the day on the same night that they're given a pinned away at that game. The day during the day time they treat his ass away. Nice going Dave dumb, brousky. Nice going air john Henry. See people thought that it was all Wayne that as soon as Wayne got out of the picture. That's something would change. Well Wayne was just the, it was kind of like, you know, action and clear channel. Passion are the ones that like, the bald W.I.O.D. And then the clear channel came in and they killed it. They put in the final touches. Here's a mobile and del Rey B. Chilla. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Hey, I just got back from the World Medical Awards. Was up in Kalamazoo and Lansing and water and all that last week. Uh-huh. And it's why I say how refreshing it was to walk down the sidewalk and some of these hardware stores. You know, and have the wheel barrels and a lot more than all that out front. Not locked down or bolted down or chained down and all that. Yeah. Secondly. I didn't see too many lawnmowers in the Amsterdam Colona, Milan, Italy, but we had a lot of time on the list. Yeah, I know. Did see something I think I killed the young. Have those things out on display and I had to bolt it down and, you know, or the owners are worried about it getting Carter away, you know. But secondly, how refreshing it was to travel down 996 and 994. Like that and ask people actually get out your way as you're coming up on. Yeah. Well, I mean, we're just restating the office. This is a rude place where everybody does their own thing. Nobody gives a crap about anybody else. It's not going to change. Yeah, that is the bottom line. That is the only line. Sir, that's what it's all about here. It's just a rude and different selfish place with all these different people with their own agenda. Well, I wasn't aware how I guess I'll probably end up being from that neck of the woods. But it was just a nice change of pace. That's what it was like. I was just going to be for whatever reason in the monster lane area. If still get out your ways or coming up on. But well, I'm not sure we didn't have as good a time in Amsterdam. Milan and Colone as you didn't lancing, but. Well, it's getting late. No, there are, you know, it's from no sticking towns up there. Whatever, but it was just nice to be up there and, you know, you know, have that happened. Okay, well, I'll see you know, that was I'll see you know, comus. Hey, the Neil. Yeah. Neil. I don't know how many ask you this, but the jury paid is the, the pit of me up to specs. Okay. All right, like. I'm going to ask you to ask. He wasn't taking any chances. Nice going sir. Oh, because I could have said no. 560, pound five 60 on the mobile one on here's a fact from Steven for buyers who says, regarding that shrug from St. Louis. He said, I heard that asshole from St. Louis called twice last week, trying to have managed George for his god bashing. And now he's called today in a feeble attempt to threaten you with damn nation of the fiery pits of hell for your anti-religion views. Here's a question for numb nuts in St. Louis. Why is he interfering with your show when the clown and dress the Pope goes to Missouri and interferes with the decision of the state to save a convicted killer. Shouldn't the clown of them with the family to console them? Wouldn't that have been the question thing to do ask Steven for buyers? Uh, what she answers obviously is a 10, you know, give a crap about that. He's more interested in grand standing and putting on a goddamn act, which by the way, a very interesting letter to the editor in a Harold international Harold Tribune or was it in this newsweek? I think it's in this newsweek, which may be only going to open up and find it about mother Teresa who was an invention of the Western media. And nobody could have given a crap less about in Calcutta or anywhere else in the world where people actually have a brain about what's really going on. Oh, and I'll oh, Jesus, thank God I opened up the newsweek again. And speaking of lunch by the way, where the hell is it? Huh? I quoted that bread. He's not given us any more lunches. He's pissed. But at any rate, in the same newsweek that's got the thing on a cover is God dead. This is the June or July 12 issue. I'm leaving through this thing on a plain kill on some time. And here's an article and the, oh, my God. The article is called Generation N.A. So I'll give you 75 guesses and the first 74 don't count as the who's picture is on a front. So we had that thing. What is that under? Oh, it's under. Oh, yeah. Builds wreck. Who it says is 31 years old. If he's 31, he must have lived the worst life of anybody I've ever known. Okay. He could pass for 45 easy. Generation N.A. raised on rock and Ricky Martin, the Latin generation X's cruising the American mainstream. And we're discovering their roots and inventing new, bicultural identity without losing anything in the translation. This is one of the most not just articles you could possibly ever read, especially living here in the middle of this. And especially having your experience that our loud crap would build tech on whanmy. That's your one over big. Yeah. And to make it even worse, in part of this is like a section like pages and pages of the same swirl. There's an article called the Legacy of Generation N.A. by some bitch named what is your name? Where the hell Christy how beggar? Kind of a name is that for some who yet. Christy how beggar. And she goes on about 20 years ago. Some mainstream observers declared the 1980s the decade of the Hispanic. The Latino population was nearly 15 million as since double. And she goes on a basically in a very arrogant and familiar sounding way. Telling us that America is going to be bilingual faces whether you like it or not America is going to be bilingual. Back in 1849 the California Constitution was written in both Spanish and English. And we're headed that way again. So says Christy. Are we headed that way again? No. No. I will for once you say is look forward to that pivotal moment in our history when all American men finally know how to dance. And she goes on and on trying to be very cute but really being very arrogant and obnoxious. Telling us about what it's going to mean and we better wake up and sit the Daphitals etc. and so on. So forget about a simulation. Forget about the fact that we should be trying to get along. Basically here we are and if you don't like you get out of our way because we're taking over. What you says. Kind of like you're spending the whole a big county philosophy over 50 states. Nice going here. Christy bitch. 560560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Bill trekking time. Okay. Great. Woody. How long is that amazing first day back from vacation right out of the box and there we are. Is with that what a real bad cell phone too. Sorry things aren't going good enough for you to get a real cell phone. Woody. Here's Helen Dale. Well. Yes sir. If God does exist and he loves everybody. Yeah. Why didn't he send someone to rock the world before coming isn't the awareness about that. He isn't. Why didn't he send somebody to you going to swabby at the war in all those people? He's busy. We're in about ball games. He's there. Listen to the prayers of all those athletes. I mean. I don't understand. Sir. He's got his priority. He's trained out. I'll know. His US women were praying for a goal there to break that God damn scoreless deadlock this weekend. He said, well, I'll think about it. And then they had to wait for the. Shoot out. I mean, just just a whole concept of it. It's so ludicrous on it. Oh, well, he's a loving God. But of course, we have cancer and tuberculosis at Leiprocy and 80 million other diseases. And every kind of German virus and bacteria, ever, etc. But he's a loving God. And therefore, he don't bother stepping in. He don't interfere. Just keep praying. Say a lot of prayers. But he don't answer many way. He don't interfere. Okay. 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. I just wanted to tell you that Governor Chape Bush is cabinet on June 22nd. Oh, yes. Oh, did this car feel like I'm losing contact with the show now? Why do I feel like? Oh, gentlemen. Is sharply limit casino crews. Yeah. The ship can no longer dock. Yeah, we never do know that. It's waters considered sovereign. Right. But it weren't said that allowing the boats to dock on publicly owned land, puts that Florida in a partnership with casino camp. Right. And we certainly don't want any part of that. But we don't. I just want to let her lift. Thanks for the good news, sir. There we go again. Other step back into the Stone Age. Because we got a bunch of goody two shoes up there running this entire state. And the rest of the people were all sitting around go like that. I'm telling you, if that thing passes, if that penny sales tax passes in date counting on July 29th, I'm going to be spit and blood. I promise you I will spit blood right here on this counter the next day on July 30th. Here's a mobile and forlaterdale. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm glad you back. I have to thank you. I just come back from Amsterdam. Really? It was the best vacation I ever told you. I'm believable. How can you go wrong? Oh, and the people. It's just amazing. Oh, friendly people smile in life and have it a great time. And then we all would be checked when you landed in Miami Airport. There you go. I know. Oh, so I think there's more people who's thinking that you're an Amsterdam than in Miami Airport. I would buy that. Amazing. And I want to be able to bring cheese in. I don't know. He says something about cheese. I bought tons of cheese in it. He cleared it and it'll fall with it. Yeah. I told him if he didn't let me go through. I would cut the cheese. You could get out of here. Anyway, it's thickened up. I think they flew in with March. Yeah. And the flight was, you know, so so. Yeah. Oh, you know, I just say it's a mixed bag. The thing with Martin there, I don't have to tell you. If you want to fly nonstop directed, they got you by the balls. Miami to Amsterdam. The only airline you can fly is Martin there. The Virgin Atlantic thing, which is okay, but you got to stop in London. Then you got to get on KLM and you got to punch your right in. It's a pin in the ass. Well, the pilot was great. You got to go off the air. What is it? It was about night and half hours straight. It was great. Yeah. But there was no music or no movies. And there's food stock. But the people are nice. No, I think you have the sea wolf or the sea bass. No, I mean, you had the air. I mean, you had the air. Well, uh, Dr. Bell, see you. Why don't I get to see you in the middle? I wasn't communicating with him. You don't talk any about it. I just had that feeling. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560 on a mobile one line. We got the hour and seven minutes to kill about 400 open lines on here. Lunch just arrived. Thanks again, Brad, from Tony's. We love you. Just don't stop me on a goddamn turn. Pike anymore on the way home. Okay. I'm a busy guy with dogs to feed. I don't have time to be potsking around. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. How are you doing, sir? I'm doing pretty good. Hey, I was speaking of airlines. Don't ever fly, spirit airlines. Okay. I got back last night. By the way, before you go on with your story, I got to tell you. And I'm not making a sub. The name of an airline. You don't have to say the British are. And when we got, we flew over and we get to London. And we're getting, we're going to the KLM counter to get from London. And we're looking at the various names of the airlines. There's an airline, a British airline called suckling airlines. How do you like that? I want airline, you fly. suckling. Fuck, please freaking airline. Anyway, go ahead, I'm sorry. Unreal, but yeah, I've fooled some bad airlines at my time. But this one, I'll tell you. They've put you into like cattle number one. What was it? Spirit. And number two, they get no respect for being such a little carrier. Because when you turn off like London, Newark, they make you fly around up there for a good 45 minutes and let all the big guys win first. Then on the way back, same thing. It was terrible. I'd rather pay an extra $500 next time because it was 100 $600. I was around 15 New York. So we'd give it a shot, but never again. They give you a soda and a bag of goldfish. So I'll say, you know, it's basically the old thing. You can't wait to pay for it. Yeah, that's why I didn't want to hear any more. That guy with his ATA story, my God, that was ponderous. What is he doing? I should have known better. You get what you pay for. I just wanted to let you know. Don't ever, don't ever, to save a few bucks. Don't find them. There's no first class on there. I mean, I don't, I don't fly first class anyway. It's ridiculous what they charge. Yeah, you write about that. But just to tell you, it's a total of a fly there. It's ridiculous. Okay, we got it done. Thanks a lot, Tom. 560, 5050, 5060 on a mobile one line. What is this good? Thanks a lot, Brad, from Tony's, which is at $193 North West second avenue. Am I right about that? Yes, which is $441. Like I said. You pay him. Come on, have a wee party day. How do you dare to pay people that use snappy albanners for their show segment like that? Wanted to wow. Some of thes, Tom. Yeah, I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans. I find their illogical and fuzzy emotions are constant irritants. Unlike you, we humans are full of unpredictable emotions. It's loud. Andres, yes. Don't be afraid. You're just my dad. Come on up. You'll be beautiful. You'll be beautiful in any train with beauty, ever known. But there's your poor at first sight. That's my hair. We just made it. You know your mind. You're in a cross-effective view for the attractive view. Mom and I don't really want to hurt me, do you? What's that thing away? No, I don't. Thanks so much. Nice. Can you sing this in quick? And I'm very much excited and the mistress of the audience. I'm so full and I let that the wrong answer you point. Yes. Very well, Captain. All right, again. Please, is you. What are you waiting for? If you'll excuse the intrusion captain. Oh, I'm sorry that I had to. I'm going to appropriate for us in terms of captain. You're so weak. You're the mistress of the audience. I'm sorry. You're the mistress of the audience. I'm sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Go. I don't know. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. You're getting disgraceful. I'm not using the animal flush. I've enjoyed it too. I believe they're just wrong. It was painful. And more ways and more. I don't know why I have not been infected. Thank you, Mr. Spock. From both of us. 101 at 560WM. It's our big one to two hours. Look at that phone. Maybe two lines that lit up on air. It's pretty exciting. No. 560560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. By the way, let's hear from somebody calling and give us a greater line. Is that going to happen sometime this year? No. Come on. The one is. Kuanus has an airline. What about the American Legion? Here's my me Lake. Hello. Yes sir. Just a quick question about that. One penny taxable. We'll craft you a bowl of tea. Yes. Yes. The CH. What is going to stop people from going over to Broward County and buying their... Absolutely nothing. It's a big deal. Especially if they're like you were in North Daid and you wanted to go to whatever was like buy a major purchase that there might be a 1% would be a big significant. One and a half actually because up and borrowers you pay 6.6. Right. So I mean, I heard the other day that they're going to put some type of measures to keep people from from day counting going over to Broward at the buy. Yeah, that big wall that they're putting up here. Probably the most part about their deposit down. There you go. I mean, or Mayor Pingo, one of the other. Bye. See you in Broward. Okay, 600 open lines. 5. 6. If we hit a woman call the day by the way. Oh, we had one woman to welcome me back from my vacation and say, gee, it's great to have you back and we sure hope you had a great time. And we had one in three hours and three minutes now. I had a lot of women last week. Yeah. On the air too. Oh yeah. They don't call me. They're scared, crap listen me. What a bunch of... Cowards. 5.670. File Mount George is more likeable. You know, I'm just a miserable piece of crap. 5.670. 5.680. Palm 5.60 on the 18T wireless line. Hey, listen, I can go back on vacation tomorrow. There's planes leave an air media the week. The big virgin gets up there with me. Shag it over there to where I'm going. No problem. I won't take it personal. So long as those chechies come a little while. Give a crap. Who needs this? Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Welcome back. You're a figure girl who called George last week. That's color of the week. He did a Phil Henry honor. Yeah. And I don't know if you heard about it. No, he was listening to what this morning and he's squeezing himself. And he was listening to me. Anyway, I'm going to miss you. I got one more than college showed it today. How do you like that for a field like insufficient? You'll get one. I doubt it. Yeah. Anyway, I'm going to miss you. I get my release papers from Florida September 1. Do I get a big O for that? Thank you. You're in a little of my lunch. I give you one. I gave you 35 years almost to the day. That I came down here to school. And I guess I can pick up on the internet once in a while. Sure. Just like you can go to St. Louis and hang out with that guy. I'll be listening every day. I actually am going to be starting out in Vegas. And I got a brother out there. But I don't know. I'm going to burn you up. I'm going to get some stuff. Wait. Did you hear about that, Ricky Mountain Martin's Fiasco in Tampa yesterday? No. But tickets went on sale for his concert, which it takes place in October. They were camped out there for days. Oh my god. Oh my god is right. And for personal advice, that's pretty amazing. In Tampa? In Tampa? At the, what do they call it? The, where they play baseball in? They teach in Beach of Hell on a man. That's what we're saying. Anyway, you mentioned something about mother Teresa a couple of minutes ago. Right. Some type did this expose about five years ago. And it was titled prayer, not care. In other words, that she was much more interested in saving the souls of these kids and feeding them. And it was an amazing piece. And I think a lot of... And she was, she slept her whole life around the world, preaching this stone age, a bull crap, and encouraging people not to use birth control and to use condoms. And the god only knows how many people she's responsible for being dead today. Oh, and at least kitchen, a cut-out in her shelter. I mean, if they didn't, you know, see, you know, what do you get away from this country and you stop being brainwashed by the Western press? And you start reading the rest of the world, what they have to write. Then you'll find out what people really think all over the real world. Yeah, I guess this is not. So I read Hannibal over the weekend. Yeah. And I know you're not in the fiction, but Thomas Harris, he's an amazing writer. And I just hope they do make a picture out of, I don't know if, but maybe somebody out there has some information whether, you know, they science, I mean, they can't do it, obviously, with that Hopkins. If it's an ocean in the back, it's a great time, pal. Start down for our part, by the way. All right, good choice. Okay. Okay. Don't go to Milan. Let me tell you, it's even more expensive than forage. It is a rip off. Who was pretty good, but boy, talk about expensive. Woo! I mean, if you're a multi multi millionaire, if you're like a real big, a movie or a cheaker, then go to Milan. Otherwise, forget it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the air. What is with this Ricky Martin? Say, well, might get a fortune and a fine, fine, so, big and round, simple, big and round. We get my feet now, we have two poles and a double. I love the three sensation of strangers on my body. It's like under what it shows, I've been on stage of time. Don't think it's too close, I've been stuck in singing in the eyes. All right, I know that I should make them look good. It always makes me smile, and the pool will bring you down. All that brings day and night, I'm not gonna win the love girl, I'm with my ears and play. I'm not gonna win the love girl, these three day, dry days, one day the sweeter day, the stronger this day is the risk. I'm not gonna win the love girl, let's be my cards, I'm totally done. I'm lying at a house in Falka. Okay, what is this? Mayor Pena's to hold a media availability regarding the toll increases in the county expressway. It is office today at 130 this afternoon, and about 23 minutes, a media availability, kind of like after the fact. Thank you, Mike, Mayor Pena, he belongs in jail right now, right behind bars, immediately, not sooner. So anyway, in Europe, you mentioned Ricky Martin's thing, you know what they all say? Medicone! I'm sorry, it's even an answer to them, whether they don't speak no Spanish at all. Medicone, here's a lady in Miami, hello. Yes, man. I'm high meal, I just wanted you to know that I'm happy but you're back, and I listened to your show every single day, and I love you. Well, God bless you. Thank you so much, and have a nice life. There you go, she cared enough to send her very best, which was not a lot, but that was thoughtful of her, huh? Really just don't want to communicate with me, you know, they like those macho guys, like Ricky Martin. And you know Nick Carter from the Back Street Boys, you know what he said, don't you? He said I'm not the, yeah, but 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile and coral cable, hello. Hi, Nate, how are you doing? Pretty good, sir. Good. Did you keep the finger over the goddamn beef? Did you bring my ear off the head? But you talking about our lines, you've been a Swiss there? Swiss here, no. Talk about first class there, I don't know. I haven't been to many first classes, the Continental Airlines and United and Aeromexicos about all I've been on first class, but yeah, they bring out the Alacart, all your food there and they stuff your brains out. If you're having a hungry for any amount of time there, you must have a tapeworm because they feed you like that. If you probably out of it, every two hours. Yeah, but yeah, it's a trip of a lifetime there. So obviously you weren't first class. Yeah, yeah. Only way to go. I mean, you'd like to slap or stay at the back of the bus. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, well, I'm talking to I've flown the coach through, from Euro, Euro, Euro, or something like that. Yeah, Aerorewopa. And that was, I think they're connected with suckling your lines, my cell. Okay, well, I'm glad you had a good time on Swiss here. Were you fudge packing? Yeah. Yes. Yeah. But yeah. Man. Turn 28. Iscord the sweetest bag. I'll song the next day. All right. It's too many seeds. In your dime bag. Getting through the party. Two minutes to live. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. Party. Two minutes to live. Isn't it the chronic? Yeah. Don't you think? It's not crazy. When you'd let fall, break the free bag. When you're already safe. You're going to be happy. That's you, Captain. And you take. You're going to stop. You get it. Hot brownies. That you already ate. A new dawn. A lot of cheese. It's like 10,000 joints. When all you need is a bite. It's like having a feel of your tune. And then finding out because of 10 to life. A lot of fun. Can be as a meets the chronic. Dangerously. A little too much chronic. Yeah. Really do you think? It's not crazy. When you'd let fall, break the free bag. When you're already safe. today. That's the best day. Come to what I've thought you can. Once they've seen it five, 50 WQA in. This is great lunch today from Tony's nice going bread. Thank you so much for all the nice things you said about my car and you're absolutely correct. Well, look who we have here. How are you? Hello? Hello? Yes. Welcome home. Happy playing. Happy. No tissue both come first. Oh, is tissue both coming? July 20th. All right. Great. Tell me. When you were on your vacation. Yes. You have any aches and pains. Only in a back of my neck. I hit like a pain in the neck. In the neck. You know, and kind of like when your skin is like real sensitive and one spot to the touch and then you keep touching it and aggravating and irritating it. If you were just leaving alone, it wouldn't be. But other than that, no, I felt great. That's good. Why do you ask? Well, because I have aches and pains. Well, because you get the nervous and you're upset yourself. I upset myself when I'm on my vacation. No. Well, only when I come back. When you come back. Yeah. Yeah. Now I have aches and pains. You do the good that you're done. That's right. By going away. Takes 10 days to go away and get some energy and then takes me about an hour back you're on the air to get all of it. Yeah. Tell me. How's your mother? She's still the same. And the dog and the dog. Dogs are great. That's good. They're very happy that we're back. But she did a great job this time. Didn't overfeed the little dog. I just got a mom. Don't do it again. That's what you said to me last time. Right. Yeah. Okay. I told her how to deal the right way with that little dog. You know what I told her? Yeah. Don't take any bulls. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. And it worked out great. Have a great day. That's as you both. You too. Take care of yourself. Bye bye. Okay. The thanks for calling ladies. She's okay. So we're happy about that. We're very distraught about our good friend Andy from the hockey games who died at the age of 35. Woo. Why? Goes to show you all these people that keep procrastinating, winning all their lives. Well, you know, they're one that are saving for a rainy day. It's smart to say that's I can tell you that. That's good. But don't just save all of it away for the day that you're 90 because guess what? When you get to be 89 and a half, just when you think you're already to spend that money. Oh, oh, two late. And why should you leave it for anybody else, you know? Oh, we gotta leave our money for the kids. Why? Let the kids go out and make their own goddamn money. Just to spend it. Just put in the economy. Have yourself a good time. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I get going great. I ain't Neil. I know. I've been catching your penny sales tax and all that garbage up and down and over. Did you see in the editorial today, the brick old tunnel? Yeah. I saw that in the Harold basically what they're saying is, all of the mayors got enough and here to say, don't do the brick old tunnel. But everything else is great. So they're already telling us that they're going to come out and support this crap again. Right. Well, it says it's a very, even with that, I tell you, Miami would be a big winner with the tax. Right. Exactly. So they're prepping us for the fact that they're going to come out and support this. Just like that. It was metro rail. Yep. They could just spend the time. They're going to tell you something, sir. There are a few nice people there. So I leave them out. I'll make a few exceptions to the Harold. But other than those few people, they're right to the people of their list. You don't really cocoa. Look at that. That's two or three people I think. Right. One or two. Yeah. And in closing, have you ever seen Cocacroyo and Alex Bingo in the same room with Ricky Martin? Good point. Good. I'm nimani Conez. Okay. Bye-bye. Yeah. This Ricky Martin thing, boy. I'm telling you. There's no accounting for taste. Conezing is way out of a paper sack. Conezing is way out of a goddamn foreskin. But all of a sudden he and, of course, now see at least, Jennifer Lopez. I mean everybody understands that. I guess these chicks that he looks right through. He looks okay. Especially with those silly leather pants on. Yeah. Looks like a chidmunk and heat. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the end. Jennifer Lopez to be honest with you. From the chin-ups, you know, look, all that great. He plays a mean chin ball. From the chin-down, she's pretty damn good. But from the chin-up, I would say, not too great. Number one masturbation video in the world. Jennifer Lopez. Huh? Well, see now, unlike for example, like the Madonna song. But you don't like the song? Oh, which song? I was, you know, it was a great video. Yeah, that's right. That's a good song. And I hate Madonna. I have it like the song of her since borderline. I mean, you don't have long ago that is that's 100 years ago. I can't stand her. But that's a pretty good song. And it's enhanced by, and I see you all like the video. I think the video is funny. That's because I got checked by the virgin. Seriously, he was right on side of the plane. We take a look at the plane sitting there in the gate in London at that horrible heat-royer port, which is just a pathetic old crappy place. And here's Austin Powers right there at the side of the plane. Doing this one with his hands up like this on top of the head. That's my favorite. And the dead muskware on his chest. That's not too bad. Maybe that's what happened to JP. Maybe muskware on his chest. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. I guess we'll see him no more, huh? We'll see him now that Jason has spirited him away. I wonder what they're doing together. Here's a lady in Cooper City. Hello. Hi, welcome back. How are you? Thank you so much. Yeah, a good time. Great time. Did you happen to take some guiding light while you were going? No. You can cheer up, don't you? Well, nothing really happened. I mean, it's been two weeks and it's like, can you give me a story going on here? I mean, it's been very dragged out this whole thing. You know, Reeve went to the fan-crispable. Right. You know, find out what horrible things she did. By the way, be it. Look at let me interrupt you. You know, the young guy that played Zack. I'm guiding light. Remember him the angel? Oh yeah, that was a long time ago. He's a couple of years ago when they had Jay and Zack on there. And I used to watch it. I used to sit real close to the screen every day. Zack, the kid that played him, he's on the show. What's the show that's on before guiding light as the world turns? Yeah. He's on there now. Well, I haven't, I don't watch that. I don't, I've won one soap that's guiding light. And I can miss it for a month at a time. Don't miss it. Yeah. It's just like being out of this time for like weeks and months and you come back at the same old craft. Right. So you didn't miss anything. Basically you'll be up to speed. Not much, you know, went on. I discovered something. You know Carmen Santos. Yeah. We're driving me crazy. I was looking at her and looking at saying, no, who just did I know who this is? I can't figure out. Do you remember on Miami Vice at two, do you know, Kyle? I never watched my music. She was a female guy just saw rerun of my, I'm a vice. And I just said, that's her. Carmen, Carmen, I'm a Santa. She's a bitch. I'll tell you one thing. And you know, I spent a rest in town like Springfield. I wore that supposed to be Michigan or Illinois or wherever it's the allegedly a family. And they got a Puerto Baking mafia family. That's here for Springfield. Anyway, that's all it's going on with that. I didn't know if you caught yourself up on it. And about Matt Mantire, I am very pissed off and fired up. I'm telling you that the marlins PR machine with sponsor lead weight might on the Titanic. Yeah, they're really good. I mean, it's, it's a, which would be okay if they'd make Leo get on there. You know, I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. Can I make a shameless request? Don't forget, just say, no, the penny sales tax and just say, no, to John Henry and the marlins go ahead. Um, motel six six six six six. Okay, I have a great day. Thank you so much. How do you like that? There's a nice young lady that actually, uh, Hi, I'm Tom V. else, Bug for motel six six six here to tell you about our Halloween special. If you're a Satan worshiper on a budget, why not stay at motel six six six over Halloween night and take advantage of our special rates package. It includes a cold and uncomfortable room plenty of floor space for rich old ants and bus to TV said that gets the reges and Kathy Lee show. There's even a hell hole behind the bed and to top it off, the manager will come by with complimentary drinks just specify type A, type O, B or A, B. So bring the entire family to motel six six six on Halloween and we'll leave a burning dough to out for you. All right, 1 24 or 5 65675 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's another lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. How are you? Well, I'm glad you're back to Mount Stam. It's not the same when you're gone. And you're the man. Hey, listen, my husband and I just came back to Mount Stam. And we'd love that. And I can't wait to go back. Yeah. People over in Europe are not near as uptight. Uptight. And they are here. And not with their bodies, not with anything. They're just, I love that. We both love that. We can't wait to go back. Well, they know how to have a good time. They know what life is real all about. They just have their heads on straight and not busy blowing it. You know, I come back here and I'm reading the newspapers and I'm watching the news yesterday. And this is a shooting over here and a stabbing guy stabs his wife twice on the middle of the street. I mean, just in a few hours, I'm catching up on the news here. I'm just a pile up of bodies in his town and it never changes here. It's a slaughterhouse. Yeah. It's a very, it's a very, very nice atmosphere over an Amsterdam and in France. We went to France as well. And I was just really impressed with everyone how unrestricted that they all are and happy they seem and everyone gets along so well. It's so harmonious. You know, even those constipated British with the airport yesterday and I was picking up some magazines to read on the plane. And I noticed they've got a sign there. It says tobacco products will not be sold to anyone on the age of 16. Can you imagine that here? 16. Here if you're 16, you can buy a gun, but you can't buy a pack of cigarettes. Well, I could say, welcome to Miami, man. There you go. Thanks for the time. Bye, Neil. Well, and by the way, that's this this thing with us lawsuit again that the Florida is usual against the tobacco companies. You know, this is the biggest goody to choose scam in the history of the human race. How many centuries did they had on the pack of cigarettes with a skull on the crossbones and a surgeon general's determinist is going to kill you and all this other crap on here. And now multi billion dollar lawsuit. It's just a one to get like a one to get general motors. $4.9 billion. How about $4.9 trillion? $4.9 million. So I might as well. So all these crazy jury people who are like all anti everything and so you know the sky is the limit. How about selling all the food processors for selling a food at harmful to our health? With all the preservatives and all the cancer cousin crappener. How about those lawsuits? One deck of the star probably soon, right? Huh? Soon as the ambulance stations get ahold of that crap. So call me on American if you will. But all these and these tobacco company lawsuit are a huge pile of crap. Oh, well they were marketing a product to us. They didn't tell us yet right. Like what kind of a rocket scientist you have to be that smoking faggot is going to like ruin your lungs. How many how many decades and decades did we see like what was the name the guy to play Hamilton burger on perimation? Whatever the hell his name was. Yeah, I'm not a lie on catcher. Don't smoke. Yeah, that's the. Which by the way, you know, is Joe to measure. He could do that. He was too good for that stuff. A little message you could have sent the kids there. Don't smoke those faggots because I had lung cancer, which is why I'm dying here. Only at the age of 110 or whatever. By the way, the oldest woman ever. It was in a picture one of the tamloids that was re-none playing yesterday. 122 years old and the picture of her with a faggot in her hand. And a cigarette, too. Okay, 131 at 560 WQM. Yeah, he's another one. Remember those Kevin Klein spots. They were outrageous outrageous. It was wrong. And then, of course, he's doing stickiness to Garren. He was doing whatever else he was doing with it and in a. And doing all these other things and getting blow jobs. We don't care about it. But nevertheless, don't be sick of that. They didn't have a crit. Okay. But, you know, it's required of our politicians because that's that's the American. That's right. That's right. Have to say one thing and everybody knows you're lying about it. But you have to, you know, posture to everybody. Oh, cigarette companies. These people are butchers. They're mortars. No, they're not their manufacturing of product. Everybody wants. That's bad for you. Just like the people that are making ice cream and the people that are making all this other stuff. And all those fat people like Andy, Reston, piece are killing ourselves with. See, again, it comes back to the whole American concept of nobody wants to take responsibility for their own actions anymore. Nobody's holding a gun to your head and making you go out and smoke cigarettes. Oh, but it's addictive. Yeah, so they didn't tend to that in the first place. You weekly next thing you'll be telling us you're addicted to sugar. Like me. Haven't had no sugar today. Of course, it's only one thirty five six seven. Five six five six. The pump five six. The only 18 in the world of slime. That thing with Andy, that should be a lesson all of us, especially those of us who live longer. Thirty five years old. Did. Quit choking yourselves with the fat. This wants to play by the way, is a perfect deck and blunt great lunch. This is the best. This is the best Tony's ever had. I don't know what Brad did to this. He did something special in here today. Score score. God, is it good? Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, I know. I just heard about the new political regime in the state of Florida. The Southern values. Are you something like that? Does that have the values party? Yeah, it's a one three publicans that are upset because they feel like they're being flited. It's a bunch of redneck. Yeah. Now that's not a part of it. I want to see from the state and I want to put church in the schools and you know, all like good American horsecraft. Yeah. That's all I wanted to say. Glad you back. And I just want to call somebody a douchebag. Thank you. Over how, Dale. It will arrange your big douchebag. But we do love all green zone. That's true. And have a great day. We hate equities. Yeah. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. You know what that's all about? Of course, I don't like shopping in the Netherlands anyway because every, every thing, every transaction is a major project and people with their coupon. It's just a hassle to shop there. But the equity thing goes back to Jack Eckridge speaking of right wing asshole politicians. And Jack Eckridge has long since many years to go sold out as interesting as nothing to do with that could do anymore. But we still hate them. It's just like blockbuster. Remember that tearful thing when he lied to us and there was supposed to be blockbuster park and he was going to build a stadium and do all this other stuff. And then he, uh, tearfully divested all his interest in blockbuster and had that press conference that day with a crocodile dialed here rolling down his pocket mark cheeks. And so even a wane has nothing to do with Jackbuster anymore. There's still many, many people who hate blockbuster like poison because wane was associated with it. I wonder if it's going to be the same way about the Marlins. Okay, especially after that Matt Mantide, the other day. After this John Henry turns out to be just another goddamn wane high-pinguine drag. That's what he is. In fact, I think it's wane with a wane. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. What a great segue because that's just what I wanted to talk about real quick. And then I have a hockey trivia question for you. I just heard on the news on CNN at the Marlins just traded Alex. And he's always in the house in three of the young prospects you've been getting from their other space to the Boston Reds. Yeah, for a baseball card across your strength, yeah. No, no, no, no, for four vials of Ted William sperm and John Henry announced that, uh, okay, thank you. Vile was the word. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady mobile and coral spring, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How are you doing? Great. Remember me for five years ago? I'm a figure that I'll call you again and say hi to you. You're the one? I do figure it out what's with me, so I'd be. Hello. Have I figured out what's this? If you figure it out, what's with me? Well, I didn't hear what word you said. Swift. Swift? No. I'm not too swift. Have you been to Holland recently? I was, I just came back. You just came back. Yes, I was the weather. It was beautiful. We're 75, 78 in the daytime and we're like in the upper 50s at night. Oh, my God. It was great, great little rain was beautiful. Wonderful. I'm glad you had a good time. It was like going to heaven. I know. The wonderful place isn't it? It sure is. That's good. What do you think about that's the back of company? Nobody got shot while I was over there. No, no. No, no, no, no, no, no bloodshed. Isn't that amazing? Yeah. Wonderful. Nobody gets too big or too smoke. Okay, sweetheart. Okay. Have a great day. I'm talking to you. Don't come back. I like it. Five. Six, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. I think we're going to make it today. Oh, I think I'm not positive, but I think we might make it until 2 o'clock. Hank will be here at 2. That's one of those start screening calls extensively. I still say screenless show on Hank show today. I don't want to start interfering anybody else to show all the way. I will anyway since the colors that I want to brought that thing up about the the embarrassing excessive screening that goes on in this radio station. There's only, when I think of an extensive, excessive screening of calls on any talk show, there's one more that immediately comes to mind. You know what that word is? Boring. That's the word that comes to mind immediately, if not much sooner. What the people on there, okay? The good to bat in the ugly. Not just all these old, old fossils out there. These crotchety old fossils. Oh, what do you think about that? You ain't getting meant to here. You know. Like they got to call up that data find out about how do you make, how do you bet it to track Jesus Christ? You talk about boring. I wanted to pull off to the side of the road and just hop in the guy. If I would've had a trunk in my car, which I don't, just hop in the trunk and close the lid and take a dirt nap or a trunk nap or whatever you'd call it. God. Well, you bet exactly. You bet try a factor. And you put the horse on top or in between. And if the one makes a break at the start and the four and a call up bat rich out of I'll give you his beeper number, okay? You can discuss it with a fat man. Well, with another fat man, then we don't have to listen to an radio. All right, let those CDs. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. First thing I want to say was thank you for saying something about the Tom Green Show I saw for the first time. Mr. Rang. Oh, so you saw them all where you peaked his guts out? A funny attack. I couldn't believe it. And then I'm not that nervous. Sidekick is. Yeah. He's sitting at getting embarrassed because he interviewed his parents and asked him if he was a home-roll. That was funny. And then the monkey they kept putting the monkeys picture in there and said, Yeah, he was looking for the monkey that was drinking his own urine. Oh my god, it was hilarious. I couldn't believe it. Thanks for saying something about that. Sure, I never would have known about it. I stumbled on it by accident. Like all the other good stuff. I love this thing I want to talk to you about. And I saw you a few times that the hockey games and stuff. I know you don't want to talk about hockey and stuff. But especially at the middle of July, I probably wouldn't. I know. But you gotta talk about something down here because all the other sports aboring at least how much it would be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. Well, I don't know if you saw it, but they supposedly the Panthers try going after Command-Skeed, but they lost him. Now they want to go after Primo. What do they want him for? Well, because he's a big center in that they, he's actually a playmaker. And he could set up maybe Pavel. No. That wouldn't be a nice fit here. No. Yeah, he's all right. How would he? I would have rather had the Valerie Comminsky myself, but nevertheless. Oh well. He's a great player. But if I can see the difference is, Command-Skeed is, you know, he's one of those moody Europeans. Mm-hmm. And when he decides to show up and play, he plays great. But then, you know, a couple of nights he takes the night off, you know, he just goes through the motion. Well, thank you very much, you know, for talking to me in the field mine. I would like to call my father a big douchebag. A pair of over Miami or douchebag. And have a great day. You too. No time. And Ugabugra. How's Ugabugra doing by the way? How's all these other people doing? How's the radio a laugh in doing? Have a very jackass, have another 75 parts of that series yet? Uh-huh. About radio a laugh in it's going to knock us in the 15th century. Very, you're just a fat little turd burglar, okay? And you and a hero that's like a marriage made in purgatory. It's a perfect fit. It's like a rubber glove of a proxolidious deep inside your back dome. Very. It's a perfect fit. Only the hero would hire a little puppy, misfit like you, pretending to know something. Making mistake after mistake after mistake. And usually putting your mistakes on a fun page of their paper. Nice going. Woo! We hope that's a fun page. Up the button. We've got a dream on it. No matter how hard it's right. Can't find a reason to watch these TV shows. Each and every one blow. They have the same stupid punchlines. And that same cheese in that track. They show them all these in love. It's why I'm singing this song. Oh, he's not my way. Run freely by you. Really by you really by you. I feel some singing. And I'm just saying, The strength of video to get no. Who's not my way. Run freely by you. Really by you really by you. I feel some singing. And I'm just saying, It's a dream of video to get no. 145 at 5. It's 50WQ. I'm a little bulk of Brian just walking in the door. And I was thinking of myself. It just goes to show you if you're in the right place at the right time. And if you're not, you just screwed. You know, I think he's everybody's funny is Austin Powers. His Michael Myers. And that is me. Don't you? Yeah. The only difference is he don't have to try. He doesn't have to put on like fake teeth. And you know, wigs and all the other bullcrem. And rats here or whatever the thing is, Muscracked thing on his chest. Always got to do a show up. And you know, give me that look and yeah. Yeah. And there he is. And this other guy. And what his picture. Can you see even even like if you were crashing on a plane. If they have passed years, Look outside the window and saw a book of Brian's picture. They'd be laughing and harass off. What a way to go. Look at that post. Here's Miramar. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm asking you more from an info information on this overview. Can Alice sit on TV and he says. Yes. Sit on TV. Maybe that's why he's got bad roads. He says that he has nothing to do with this increase in the tolls on these various. Yeah. Of course he knew when they were coming though. Don't you understand. It's not a question of whether he had anything to do with them. But they knew when they were coming. That's why a couple weeks after this in the middle of the summer when there's nobody here except the people are getting pissed off on a highway. That's why they're conveniently holding this fan of election. Because the question is who does in fact put these tolls up. How did in any business or any kind of anywhere? Can you go ahead and mock up your progress 100% and expect to be in business? I don't know. Well, first of all, it's not a business. It's, you know, it's a monkey business. They just go ahead and they impose it. I have no idea what I've before yesterday before I drove a try to drive home from the airport in the middle of it. I never heard of it. I have no idea where it came from. They keep talking about all these brochures. They handed out. I never had one call from anybody about it or read one article about it. I read both newspapers every day. I watched the television news. I never heard a word about it. I thought about it. But I think that the authority that raised it should be answering to somebody. They should be in the cell right next to Mayor Pingo's. Where they ought to be. That's right. I'll tell you. I live in Dave and I'm out of there. This is unbelievable. And I've been in my area. But it's just terrible what they do. Well, before you fly out of there, be sure and vote on January on July 29th, whatever it is. No. About 10 times. Okay. And my did great. My did great. Grandmother's going to vote for me today. All right. No. Thank you. That's the Dave County F in way, baby. Make sure all your dead relatives vote. No. Just for the be on the safe side. Because if it's even with about 10,000 votes, you know. Then they'll find a way to fix it. Like they do all the other elections in Dave County. Like the ones for Mayor, by the way. We don't want to say there was any six. And he did people voting. He called me. I was burnt. Hernandez doing by the way. Good old bird. 11 before two and five 60 WQAM. But I tell you, I feel so damn good after vacation. I should be taken instead of five weeks. You're actually taking about 15. You know, kind of would have eaten. No, seriously. I would do such great shows. Not too many of them. But man, what I feel great.