Sports radio 5-16. Now that you 2 AM my amy for Waterdale presents the NEO ROTS your show. The NEO ROTS is the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be The NEO ROTS is one of the 4th members and members of the NSNRS, I am the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only noses queen of the NEO ROTS, I am the only one who can be the only one you can see the rest of the nationalities!! The NEO ROTS has experts that I will not give the rest of the strategy on my 것을 system! This is the only one from K.A. This is my favorite dance on Stingerland, Lee-Po-Ga. This is the only one from K.A.A. We can't get it rolled up. We're just on Stingerland, Lee-Po-Ga. With the signs of living your lies, you with your feet above. Stingerland, thin one, younger, that's magic. Ecules. Then go home, crazy dog, like a bull mums.眼睛喉我, Oh, please, anything but him, you know something. I'd rather I'd rather watch you, give me somebody that I can't stand. Somebody makes me nauseous. I'd rather I'd rather have dinner with Todd Drek than ever see Ricky Martin again. How do you like that? Of course Ricky we understand was up in Toronto this weekend with a million queens. It was G'day out there, the biggest parade north America. They had a million queens up there just by coincident. No, Ricky happened to be this weekend. No. You know what I'm saying? Back them, killed them. So anyway, here's a real interesting thing that just kind of like popped up in the facts machine this morning. This has nothing to do with anything but it just happened to come to us. Every now and then we get a fact that lines its way into this room that isn't really belong here and we will pass this along the poor memoriam. So she can make up his story for this guy. What is it? It's an invoice. It's addressed to accounts payable WQA and Limey, etc. and so on. And I looked at this and I looked at what is this? What? And took me what? About 14 seconds to figure it out? It says, there's Sir or Madame and you could just see the angry tone. You can see the blood on these pages even though it's just white paper. There is Sir or Madame the attached invoice is seriously passed due. Please remit in capital letters exclamation freaking point. Thank you exclamation point. Henry M. Clay. Now who is Henry Clay? No, not that Henry Clay. This is a guy who obviously is an engineer up in Philadelphia. How do I know that? Because it's got the address in Belmore, New Jersey, which is like suburban Philadelphia and the invoice is for three games Florida Marlins at Philadelphia for least 25 bucks again, 75 bucks. So obviously this is one of the guys who engineered a Marlins through Marlin games up there when they played in Philadelphia. What are the dates on this invoice you might ask? 416 to 418. Well it's only July for crying out loud in a couple of days. This is only the middle of April he's talking about. Seriously passed due. Give me the guy damn money. Now come on. No, we won't do it. How do you like that? As the see so if anybody out there thinks that this is just the show material that I make this stuff up believe me, these people are either one or two categories slow pay or no pay. All depending on how much you bitch in screaming you all because they would prefer no pay at all. But if you said about 20 or 30 letters like this, eventually they will have to pay especially when you're lyrical and threaten the lawsuit. Then I'll say okay, guy David, here's your freaking money you asshole. What are your bothers us for? Nice going. Henry Clay in Philadelphia and Belmore in New Jersey where but I'll let it is. By the way, Tom Green for president. Oh, no, seriously. I think what's his name? Jesse the body for president. Tom Green for vice president. And Austin Powers for Secretary of State. If we get ever fixed up those damn British teeth, which he's their phoning, he's really Canadian. There you go. One more could you want. So yesterday for the first time in my life, now life is almost worth 11. But I've seen the Tom Green show an MTV never saw before. Never heard how come we never got any calls about that show? I did. You did what when I talked about it. In the hope that I'm talking about was I was because you would see it, but I'm just saying how come nobody ever called and said you got to watch that show. That's a great issue in the history of television. Now yesterday yesterday they had the one segment where he put the adag poop on top of microphone and we're not going to view the bunch of people and stuck it in their nose and it was it was a lovely thing. And then they replayed I guess it was an old show which I had no way of knowing because I never saw before. They replayed the show where he was it said the show was your teeth and they came back with a quality tip for Calthy the supermarket and then to get really fresh milk he was like actually sucking the Calthy. Can I say this on here? Calthy's teeth. Can I say that? I just did. And then he had some guy in the store who looked like he had a lot of experience by the way. I mean doing the same thing. I mean seriously is there any, oh god. No, I'm thinking of myself is there any person that you know can imagine that would do such a thing. No, no. Maybe for a lot of money for a lot of money. But I just can't believe we haven't had tons of calls about the time green show. There you go. That show on television by five. Number one, baby on my head parade. And I'm sure won't be long before some assholes will come all of you. That's a disgusting thing that our kids are watching it. Yeah, good. Maybe your kids will develop a good healthy set of humor. Okay. And realize that life is much a bull crap. I just go on air time green and I think because at the end of the show it's at Rogers Communications which is a Canadian cable up it even though that show has done in New York. I think those three guys, the time and is two a boyfriend there. I think they're Canadian. Are they Canadian? We'll find out. We'll find out all you ever wanted to know about time green and then some here today. Got the story about the Vatican that tell all book is a hot seller. They're doing it over there. Father oh, too. God. You know that. And that of course is that those papers continue really uncovering the dirt and the crap in his town. This is amazing to me. And especially the parts the fact that nobody out there cares about it. I guess that's why they can get away with this. Cop charged in pimpering. Nice guy. All right. Let's hear it for Greg Priest. He never stole a freight train. He's a damn nice guy. I mean here you've got a story. And of course you know that these people know the names of all these other cops because the bimbost certainly had to keep they all do it. You know keep a diary and a recordate. They knew all the different cops. They're coming from all the different police departments all over the state county. But for some strange reason we haven't heard that all we got is the tip of the iceberg and that's it. And then we find out this guy I kept his nose clean. Well, maybe didn't stick his nose in there. You know. Maybe stuck his arms instead. You know. Instead of his nose. Although a lot of guys probably did stick their nose in there. But nevertheless, yeah, we got a horror ring here with 16 year old prostitutes and the newspaper, which pay for all this isn't a hero of course. There you go. I'm a hero that's worried about the evils because you know gambling. They like cops who are doing 16 year old hookers. They like that evidently. It was a nice guy and never stole a freight train. This is one of the worst stories I've been here 23 years. This is one of the most embarrassing one of the most grotesque stories you could think of. Not only are there another one of these don't do as I do do as I say stories. Where every day they're out there picking up hookers and johns in the same old tired crap on a boulevard and federal highway. But it's a minor. Would large breast of course, which everybody's saying. All right. Yeah, I told you that Friday. That's why everybody likes this story. Well, they're the only reason they're pissed off about this story. They don't have the address in the full number. Oh, seriously. All by the way, speaking of that Britney Spears allegedly coined MTV yesterday is going to be in the top of the amphitheater which I didn't even know there was a pop at the amphitheater. Maybe we'll find out about that today. Tonight, she's going to be there. And you got to want to go spear Britney. I'll bet you do. Maybe maybe you can help her friends get their shorts out of their crops to while you're at it. So before they make the next video, we don't have to see that disgusting display of crops you're picking. Now, it's one thing to be a nose picker, but a crotch picker. Jesus Christ. In fact, that would be I can just imagine some things on the Tom Greenshire that will probably see next Sunday. Is that on only on Sunday, by the way? They move it around a lot. I'm sure it has a regular time. Is there something about MTV? Of course, they never show any videos. You know, if you want to see videos turn on much music, but I mean, MTV, they got all these weirds and they're on like all over the place. Road rules, road rage, all the stuff, all of these things. To be honest, that's what that's, which by the way, I take back what I said before. I didn't like it in the beginning because it was old and ponderous with the Pat Sejek and what's his name from a jeopardy with Alex from Alex for Beek? Well, he's Canadian, you know. But now they got to know one where they had, you see the one where our George Washington is in the ring with Abe Lincoln. Oh, yeah, and he's got a hatchet. I'm going to knock your ass. It's great. It's beautiful. See, I don't know what to back usually. Are they? Yeah, I like celebrity death match. In fact, I think how about Todd Greck would be good? Todd's reckon, who could we stick in there with him? I know, I got an idea. Well, that would be, that would be great. Temen, oh yeah, we could put Chris, so what's his name in there too? Your buddy, your close best personal friend that you hate like poison. I know this is Lord, even loves Neil Rogers. Even the show day here at Disney World, when the screening days meet the mess of the girls in the closet. No more, that's what day day is for. It's a day day after all. It's a day of fun, when we wear red shirts and when we all come, you didn't hear the scratch we can pick. Go in these with our manicured godees in the gay day after all. All right, the whole thing has hidden and share land and watch the lives of a deadly marching band. We'll make your history with the kiss on the cheek. It's a day day after all. We can wear tight shorts, paint a gold mullet, nice and clear mask out of my belly, face, we can then sew away as we friends, says I shake it's a day day after all. And GM will have a liberty ball hosted by a ghost seller and group of their leave irons. I think you might not be mentioned people like off to Beijing. Yeah, sir all is a day day after all. It's a day day after all. It's a day day after all. It's a day day after all. It's a day day after all. It's a day day after all. It's a day after all. itHeart ten-esy Great issue in the history of television. He likes using farm animals a lot. There is this one episode where he covered his parents' house in plastic and brought in a bunch of chicken, and goats, and stuff. Yeah. Did you see the one last day where he went with the food store with the cow? Yeah. And they were sucking on the cow. The cow. The teach. Yeah. And the nurse, the one guy in the store, like I said, look like he had a lot of practice. There is this one episode where he brought a bunch of vibrators. Yeah. Oh, you're phone's crap. I think the FCC is cutting in. Okay. That's the end of him. How do you like that? He mentioned vibrator in the city. He said that. That was it. Wow. Maybe it's our good censorship police. So they're speaking to the police. We'll get back to that story in a minute. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Would that be me? That would be you. Oh, okay. I hope my phone doesn't crap out. On the Tom Green fan, too. I think he only made like six episodes of total. I think I've seen him all. That was it. That was it. That was it. That's it. There's like six episodes. Because every time it's on, I have one. Oh my god, stop everything. Don't feed the children. Watch Tom Green. You mean you mean to say that I'm like coming along on the ass end of something great. That was just, they did a few episodes and that was it. Yeah. It's been on since like December. I think. Yeah. And it's there's only, I mean, I've seen the same six episodes over and over and over. And it's on like 13th night. Sunday night. They haven't been on the planet. Yeah. Now do you know anything about him? He's from Canada. He is they are Canadian. I knew that. You could tell right off the batty. Yeah. He is so funny. Well, he's got to his parents. It is a nightmare. An absolute nightmare. There's a couple episodes where he just totally humiliates them. I'm going to have to look in the TV guy and see when he's around. I can't afford them this time. I'm really sure. What had you, you can't hear me? Now I can hear you. Okay. He totally humiliated his parents. He's got a, they drive like a four desk quarter something. Yeah. And he did a thing where he says, I understand that my parents really like lesbian. So he gets some artists to spray paint to women, you know, as like, you know, cunning linguists on the bar. Right. And any part is a front of their house. He does it like overnight and part is in front of the top of the Tides in the garage. So when the father comes out to get the car in the morning, he sees his paint it on the car. And it is, it's just a stereotype. I'm not doing a job to check to see it. It is so funny. Slut, mobile. But why were there only six episodes that are understanding? I don't know. I don't know. He's already sold out because he's doing commercial for Pepsi. Maybe they ran out of dog poop for something. I don't know. I mean, I got plenty of my backyard if they need more. What's in that funny? That was the best. Oh, my God. I did notice if you watched closely, he kept sticking to Mike a little further and further into the nose of each guy that he was interviewing. Yeah. Right. Everyone's saying he was, yeah. I was laughing so hard. And then there was the old drifter that he hit up there. They was hugging. Yeah. Remember that guy said, am I, what? Look, good to you. Am I sexual? Am I turning you on? And the guy looked back. He said, you're not bad. He has, he has, like, totally a reverend. Yeah. Yeah. No respect for anybody or anything. And he's so fun. I say Tom Green for president. Let's look at him in American citizens. Yeah, but he's Canadian. Well, that's okay. Well, Mike, I'm excited. Have a great day. You too. And Mike Myers, too, that Austin Powers, he's Canadian. So, amazing part of all of this is that the Canadian humor that is not existent. It's like an oxy moron. Any of the shows like on the CBC, or anything that we're said there, a tenth of humor. If anybody saw the awards show last Thursday night, the NHL awards. And I'd bitch they had on there. That's typical Canadian humor about his funny is in your pants. You know, tragedy TV was funny. And it's time. That was Canadian? Yeah. All of them. It was? Every person on there was Canadian. That was a Canadian show. The one where they had Perry Como in the oxy's interview? Oh, yeah. I think that was it. I haven't seen anything funny since then. Well, I don't understand. How come the good stuff? It's time for like five minutes. And the garbage, like Jay Leno, that's on there forever. I don't understand. What's that all about? The crap shows. They never go away. But something funny comes along. And maybe it was a little bit too good for television. They might have been the problem. I mean, like the Ron Popeye L'Infermercials, they never go away. They're airing me guy damn wiki. He's roasted so many. Oh, and then the thing with the turkey or with the duck. That was a duck with the roasted duck. And at the end of the show, he had this, uh, she wasn't a veterinarian. She was like a, uh, she teaches CPR. And she had like a bunch of dummies on there. And she had a dummy of a baby. And she's like showing them how you do CPR. So he reaches in. He said, I brought my pet. And can you show me how you do it on your pet? And it was like a cooked duck. Uh, roasted duck. And he picked it up. And she starts laughing. And he takes the thing and then head separates from the rest of the body. And he starts, he starts trying to do mouth them out to the body. And the, and he starts pumping the duck. In fact, what was the other thing where he was pumping the, uh, at the side of the road? They found a dead moose on the side of the road. And he was trying to bring it back to life. And he's pumping the moose. And he's asking these dry stopping people that are driving by and saying, Please, can you help me hump this moose and bring it back to life? And he's, and they're looking at them and running like, like, for their lives. It was great. Jesus, it's a divide time. I found something good on TV after all these years. It goes to show you if you're surfing off. Thank God for those remotes, baby. Without remotes TV beyond a business. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, she was on Oprah. But he was on Oprah, about, uh, 40. Hey, Neil? Yeah. Yeah, he was, he was on Oprah, about five weeks ago. He was on Oprah. He was on Oprah with his mother and father. Why would she put him on? Why would a bitch put him on? I thought, you know, they were doing that whole stick with that whole thing, like the lady said, that whole thing or what he's doing. He's got his own shows, supposedly been produced to get him ready to broadcast. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And then the next, uh, a fool is supposed to be on her, yeah, believe. Okay. Thanks to the good news. What have we said? Are we having a phone problem today? At some point? Yeah. A little bit of a phone problem. They're like, coming and going and the levels are all over. But that's okay. Don't worry about that. I'm in such a good mood after seeing the time green show. Here's my me, B. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just want to talk about the pointy show ever since that CQB, which is the kids in a hall. Yeah. That's a more of the pointy thing you showed I've ever seen. Kids in the hall was funny. Yeah. A lot of the younger crowd really did it. But yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Wake. Okay. See you around, eh? No. Was that funny? No. No. 50, Pomp 5, 60, animal mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Lake Worth, hello. Hey, me, all you know. Okay, sir. Hey, Diploma, do you know I'm not over thing? He was on there. Oprah was having a special on it was a day of torture things. Kids due to their parents. So that's why she had him on. Yeah. I just can't see a goodie two shoes. Fully ballooning like Oprah put on a guy like him. Yeah. Well, they had the torture in parents. But as far as the series coming back, once you see the first episode that air. Yeah. And the first point that they were on Canadian public access. And MTV picked them up for six episodes of the season. It was fly before they got on the regular show. Right. So must be flying because they keep showing it over and over again. Yeah. They found the popularity. I'm sure it'll be back. But yeah, he used to be public access and can't. In Canada, see how did I know that? I just sat there watching that thing. I said these guys are Canadian, eh? They just knew it. All right. Thanks, Glenn. Thanks for the good news. So that means that there's hope for the future. All right. In fact, if we get some people out there with their T.O., Look at this. I got my TV book. I brought it into read Tom Jick at this stupid letter that somebody wrote. Question, I'm wondering if Rush Limbaugh, Laura Slushings, her and Rick and Puts know about the film some guy named Tom Likeus from California and a woman named Brooke Daniels are Dishing up. How do you like that? She's Dishing it out. And Tom don't like us. He's Dishing it out. This is this. Every time I think I've read the dumbest letter that Tom ever got, it comes up with another good one. You gotta be making it up Tom. Come on. Oh. It says, uh, I'm usually tuned to WI and Z because of Rush, Laura and Rick and Sud and sometimes get caught on a way when I start the car and hear what I heard recently. Some jerks and purverts discussing Kinky 6. Absolute filth. Why do we have to put up with this? Sign A via email. Why do we have to put up with this, God? Damn it. Yeah. Tom answers. Did you alert the police? I'm not a lawyer or a cop, but I'm pretty sure if somebody you're car puts a gun to your head and keeps you from hitting the button. Any of the other 80 channels to give it up something you find offensive. They're probably breaking the law. In other words, get a life asshole. Maybe that's what the A stands for. Ascle. Jesus, God Almighty. But at least there's somebody that's good. Nice going, Eric. Somebody listen to I and Z there's one. Oh, good start. Some of the lessons that Tom don't like is and somebody even listen to. The battling brook and he afternoon, which is a faith worst in death. Here's my N.E. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Yeah, about the Tom show Tom Green thing. Yes. Did they talk about the one with his parents or the paper and the Shea statues? No. First he wakes him up. He just goes into the camera crew, wakes him up, turn to that Tom, get out of your type of thing. So drag them out on the front lawn and then get this paper and Shea statue of his dad, like his hand raised back to hit his mom. I think it was like something is giving us something. Right. So it's just like the theme was, you know, where's my dinner bitch? That's what I'm talking about. So it has get on mad and stuff and kick over. And so he'll go back to bed. So he drinks the film crew back in again. And so none of them, so I'm sorry. I misunderstood the meaning of Thanksgiving. It's really it's all about love. So he drinks him back in the lawn again. And here's a paper and a statue that Michelle statue of him like doing his mom from behind. And she's been over in front of the. Yeah. And so the bag is mad again and kicks it all over. I think I saw the Andugi house. I think that we're doing the Doogie style. Oh thanks. Thanks for the good news sir. Have a great day. Tom Green, we're going to make him into a superstar. Oh, somebody beat us to it. Oh. Hey, listen better. You know, when you're still breathing, if you discover the good stuff, that's what I always said. And then they run like hell. Neon God. How I love the liquor, and that is why I become a singing lesbian. None. All right. Mr. Mary Catherine was going for a clip with what I done. He gave me action with her son. Yeah. You can be perfect. And these are this one. One. The five. I was on none. Found a way to make some passion. Both the royal keep will let me go. It's hard. None. Don't get none. I never made it that big because I didn't look that great. So I got the onion you have it to and drugs and getting laid. Had my wand and only hit him that the Vatican got this. The Pope that bears my big. Now that I'm dead, I can't reveal how much I wanted Sally to. If you go with him, my weak can go. Feel that by the way. Vatican tell all bookahots teller. Oh my. Conkakes. Move to ban it ignite interest. Rome. Eager for juicy stories. The public is done. Let a court order from the Holy See failed to do. Clear store bookshelves of a gossipy insider. Look at Cardinals and other top Vatican officials. The crey issued by a Holy See tribunal orders one of the alleged authors in the Titan months senior are retired two years ago after 45 years of the Vatican to ensure that Gone were the wind in the Vatican is taken off story shelves. Gone were the wind. The book appeared a few months ago with little fanfare but after the retired cleric Moncineer Luigi Maranelli said over the weekend he had been told to appear with a lawyer at a Vatican court hearing July 16 the book rushed off store shelves. The 288 page by him paints some proletters greedy for power, lacking in virtue with Vignette arranging from a proletting stop to the border with Switzerland, carrying a suitcase to a bishop denounced in court by youth for alleged sexual abuse. Oh we can't believe that. Oh no. The identities are disguised more or less it says. F. Elchonelli, a large chain bookstore, customers were told that though I know exactly where that is by the way, customers were told that the book had sold out in all three central Rome stores. We're calling the publisher to they to find out if they have more copies to employ Luigi Dmitko. The daily, largely secret, workings of the world behind the Vatican's fortified walls were seen even Milan were stylists and financiers not clergy and bureaucrats usually make news. At felt Trenelli's branch on Milan Central via Montzoni, clerks Giovanni Mazzas had 30 customers that requested the book Sunday morning and all had left a store empty handed. The Montenir claim that the work was a collaboration of many people interested in performing the Roman Curia, the Vatican's bureaucratic machine. We don't even know each other Maranelli said adding, I'm just a spokesman. Maranelli used the pseudonym which scramble the letters of his last name. And noted that the pseudonym E. Milanati means the Milanarians. Each millennium you expected before, we said. One of the judges who signed the order of Montenir Maris Moneye to claim to talk about the report, a new manual which was approved by Pope John Paul II the spring, warns Vatican employees that disclosing, Pontitical Secrets is punishable by firing, marked in L.E. 72 work for many years of the Vatican's congregation for Easter and churches. How do you like that? What are we going to get a whole copy of that? Soon, I hope, like by the end of the day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pont 5, 60. If we had any calls about Britney Spears and the Pomp and O'Bee Chanphal Theatre, which I never heard of such a place, I don't think the research of place, but they said to on MTV, were they listed all the concerts, since she was going to be sparing the Pomp and O'Beech. And it would be a shame if it turned out, because she, we know she's here. Remember last week she was bitching about her reigns every day, she was in West Palmer somewhere. I was getting a range every afternoon, I'm so bummed out. Well stay inside and just keep doing what you're doing. Okay, so we're doing what you're doing. Here's the lady mobile and West Palm, hello. Yeah, I will. Yes, ma'am. Oh, no, it's a boy. Yes, sir. What's it from being so? The guy who played the talking about Rome's adoption, right? What is the action-berely hear you? What? I said I can barely hear you. I'm sorry, I'm in a car. Okay. You have to play the talking about the dog's ear, right? Right. The dog's poop, yeah. Yeah, what's his partner's name? The one is the next one. I have no idea. Well, there's a couple partners. He's got the one of his next one. And one of his pretend he's drink coffee behind the ear. Yeah, and last all the time. Right. Yeah, there's a son, the son of his, he can mill you to the other one. He gave that a female address. Oh, he that was on yesterday's show. Yeah. And that was also the one where the guy was trying to take a leak and they get following him around. Yeah, yeah, that was it. And this one, this other thing he did when he humiliated was he picked him up from the airport. And they were going to put him up from the police. He was told it was really just happily. Like it was a little Manhattan. Uh-huh. And they just made him walk all the way from Manhattan all the way to the studios. And it's like a couple hours to do this. That's great. Okay. Count Green from President. It's your ever great day. Oh, I gotta get that son of a car out of my, yeah, good call. But, uh, yeah, they had the thing yesterday where the, the, his friend there, the one with the glasses that works for the phone company alleged or whatever, was a had to take a leak. And first he was going to take a leak outside. And he can't, the guy has the, he has a full beer. He can't pee when there's other people around. And Tom kept the camera man kept following him and following. And then he went into convenience store and he tried, he tried to get in the restroom and they kept forcing the door open. It was a beautiful thing. Yeah, to be there. Here's Davey. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got some info on Tom Reed. All right. He was a, he was in a rap group in Canada. Yeah. He and his two was buddies and they were did it for a joke when they were like in high school. And some, uh, some rocker to pick them up and they, they were nominated or they won the equivalent to a, uh, Grammy. Yeah. In Canada. And then him and his buddies got into doing that, the show. And he was one episode that you would really love. Uh, he did a thing where he brought a dead cow's head into his parents home with the, uh, godfather music playing in the background. And he brought a real lot dead cow's head into his parents room at 330 in the morning. Probably was with the, look his parents up. The dogs looking the blood. Probably the dead cow's head. And his parents just looked out. It was great. I was going to look at that. Time green for dictator. Oh, it's been going to godfather by the way. There's a revolution going on. Public is pissed off, baby. Thanks to ever fact me this, where the hell is this drama from USA today. That's a little bit too colorful for us here. Oh, you know, I'm, before I get this thing about the godfather part four. I would just think if we want to spice up those boring interviews, they do because I know, man, this is always screaming about how boring those interviews are. How about little dog crap on the microphones in there in the sports studio, huh? Yeah, yeah, there you go. I think that might spice up somebody's terminal interviews with these dumb jokes. Like when they had so in there, they had more. Can't you imagine like about a quarter pound of a dog crap right on the microphone? You're thinking, no, the difference? No. So anyway, speaking of the godfather, it says Ben Affleck is the overwhelming choice. I don't know about you, but he just doesn't do anything for me. He's like, uh, vanilla pudding. You know, like vanilla ice cream, just boring. But anyway, he's the overwhelming choice to play young sunny Corleoni in the fourth installment of the godfather. If that's an offer, Leonardo DiCaprio refuses a corny-wesitative. You know, something, I think I speak for America when we say, we'd rather have dead people play the young sunny Corleoni than Leo. Am I right about that? Oh, anybody would rather, I mean, this is so ludicrous. A 443 email votes, F like, nad more than 100 votes. He was followed by Matt Damon with 50. And Freddie Prinz Jr with 25. How about Freddie Prinz Sr? Other multiple choices included Sean Penn, Brad Pitt. He looks like a real mafia tough guy, don't you? Edward Norton, how about Norton from the Jackie Glieson show? How about Ralph Crandon? I mean, what was his name? Art Curny, like I said. And he's still alive? Or he don't look a day over 98 to me. Vince Vaughn and Nicholas Cade's also got roll of votes. And he's a little bit too old to be playing like the young, huh? Nicholas Cade is the young vetoist supposed to be in the middle. No, not the young sunny Corleoni. Oh, I'm sorry, like I said. But younger than James Conner wasn't that old when he, uh, I hit him a causeway. Yeah, you think we've fallen for that comedy or you know. That was kind of like the Joe Rosning. By the way, in other Joe Ros was near to the end, I kept seeing his on vacation. I don't want to start any rumors about him being back over there talking to the people at Athens, 1700, but that's what I hear. I wouldn't be the least, but I don't want our sports nerds to start getting real panicky about the little dog. But I'm hearing lots of very nasty rumors about him and those in that insistious relationship with the people at Athens. You heard about that when you were off last week, by the way. Joe can still a call. He's called me every day. And if you could have seen, by the way, the history, I don't want to say that Greg Rieg was in your 4,000 times that one day. But I'm going to sue the hero for alienation to affection that it's other from paid. Yeah. Maybe he could sell out some of those contract. He was wiping his back door with that paper that day. Yeah. Maybe. And in fact, I said, oh, my wife, you're back to the Marlins contract. That would be a big improvement. Oh, by the way, Marlins tonight. Any interest? Oh, 705 pregame. Marlins in a match right here in town. You're going to be listening. Oh. And you know, I feel almost bad about that because I was in the car over the weekend and a moment of weakness. I had this station on an of Arlington, was on. And they, are you know that they're running IDs in there? Were the players promuling like this show? Like, hi, this is Mark Katsay and you're listening to the home of the near robber's show. If I'm 60, are you aware of that? And for like a quarter of a second, I thought, see, that I feel so bad because these guys maybe some of me even listening to this show. And I'm ripping a hell out of the Marlins. If I could have stopped doing that. Oh, they suck. They went to an aroma. Oh, they were suck. 24, 11 at 5, 60, WQA and Gordon gets that Florida a major blow job. First, Marlins' brother was the godfather. Then Al Pacino was godfather 2 and 3. No, get ready for the ultimate godfather. Godfather 4. Godfather, you were so helpful. You were so helpful. You were good. You were good. You were good. You were good. Maybe you could have other ideas or something. Yeah, I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. Come on. Come on. Come on. Make it clear. Get up like a face machine. Get them, gotta give it up. Get it, look. Get on the dance. Get on the dance. Make it, we gotta go, sweat. Come on. See. Be. Oh. Godfather, pardon me. But you just said don't look like him. You're the other connolly on this. Put the uniravi on a macaroni. I think I'll be near to this. So I have no soul, food. So I'll give it to the grease. I'm not a making friend. I have to cross it. So far. Wow. The godfather 4. Steering James Brown. We prefer him over Leo. The young son of Corley on it. Yes. Before we get back to that, here's a Joe Rose by report. Joe has made the big time. He flipped the coin at the Florida Bobcats versus Tampa Storm Arena game Friday night. I had free tickets and the highlight was a large rat that went out of the field. And the crowd of 2,000 bullying these two fat rods that do a Saturday night's Portual on Super Talk. I will never go again. There you go. Good choice. Bad choice taking a free ticket to go in the first time. Excellent choice. Don't make the same mistake twice. So again, back to godfather 4, which we need like we need bleeding hemorrhides. Oh, and by the way, why do you were gone? I bet you didn't hear about this. I bought our big black instrument over here. Remember something? There was complaining about oozing bloody stools and blankdown poor doctor Rackens. Well, come to fight out that somebody who came in here for another free cigar, whichever it only seems to feel that these cigars are his whenever he wants to me know because he was a big jock. I don't want to mention his name on me. Anyway, so was it Joe that made the comment him? Who was it made some kind of a comment about this gigantic black dealer when so on? And he said, well, I was doing with the way you do with that. And Joe, whoever was, I forget exactly, said, you mean to somebody else? He said, no, maybe they were sticking it in me. Was his exact quote that I get like 4th or 5th. But nevertheless, Roy, did that. And I think that we've actually been holding this thing and, you know, this is worse than Tom Green putting dog poop on the microphone. The fact that this could have been in Roy's back home in it. You know what I'm saying? So speaking of bloody oozing, oh, so anyway, getting back to Godfather 4, it says many respondents weren't enamored of the caprio saying, said to be in the talks for the role of the hot tempered womanizer made famous by James Scott. Just reading that paragraph. This would be like, this would be like if they would have made Godfather 1 instead of Marlon Brando, they would have had Leo the caprio as long as. That would have been great. Can you just imagine that? It would look like a little mustache, you know, and a whole bunch of crap in his cheek. Then I can't have do. Yeah. Oh, I said, I bought a set. Oh, God. The caprio is way too effeminate. You need someone butch for the role said, Crutary Johnson 38 of Charlton, the Charleston's Dr. Carolina. Why on earth would Sunny be played by a 97-pound pretty boy after Trevor Woods 25 of Houston? The caprio should be left to the chick looks like Titanic's at Eric Antonin's 22 of Boston. Affleck, most resembles James Conn and appearance and acting style. Wrote Blanche the Steffinel 55 of the Queen's York. The caprio is too Anglo-looking. I would say too Martian looking would be a better term. Not Angela. Oh, seriously, he looks like he just got off the guide to the M spaceship. The caprio supporter Kevin Corbett 14 of Rand Black Michigan wrote that the actor already showed he can be a womanizer and Woody Allen celebrity last year. And of course, being only 14, Kevin is very naive. Con Sun Scott, who co-starred in varsity blues, also Grant some votes who'll read her sighting their familiar resemblance. Now wait to hear this. Okay, grab a hold of your chairs. Just to prove you that it's like a disease that's everywhere and you can't get away from it. Latin singing sensation Ricky Martin got three votes to live La Vita Costernostra with David Stern 42 of a story or a gun offering that then it could be a musical and it could call of Godfather for sunny things. Sing for a supper. Well, they had that one more falachi saying. Remember that? Some were just suggesting casting an unknown. A hunky superstar would tend to overact the role of Godfather fan Mark and the coach for 27 of Syracuse. Perhaps even I could play Sun and he said, San Pino. Others shuddered at the notion of a third sequel. There should not be another godfather said one. The actors who played the original roles made the movies and since they can't portray the characters any longer, the trilogy should stand on its own. Basically, because they're all dead in the other. You know what I'm saying? Said build a more 32 of Columbus Ohio. Then there were playful picks such as Allen Alda and he was a very good guy. And Gary Coleman, Richard Simmons and comedian Carrot Tom. Even Star Wars, Jar Jar Binkscutton and Dorisman from David Baranski, 29 of Durham, North Carolina, who supplied a movie dialogue. Me, so make a deal. You should can't refuse. Oh, god. Oh, right. There you go. So obviously we're taking it very seriously. Oh, godfather thing. Very serious. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, me. Yes, sir. How about that? I'll be show us the best, isn't it? It is. Oh, I'll show on TV. Best one I've ever seen. That's right. Well, it's on every Thursday at 10 30. That's the regular time for it. Right. And then Sunday, they, now yesterday they shoot. Come on Saturday, too. Oh, yeah. They showed two back to back, which was great like a bonus. Yeah. Well, his red head friend, his name's Glenn. But there's one of the third where he takes his parents car. And he brings it back to next day. You know how like those Mexican guys, like they paint the stupid things on their car, like on the hood to the car. Oh, he did. We heard about this. The lesbian, did we heard it? No, he paint one of the cars of Squat Mobile. Oh, yeah, that's yeah. Like I said. Yeah, it was the group. And there's the other. But the way he played a blind guy. Yeah. Did he? No. He was, I don't know. I could like he was a blind guy with the stick. And he was like chipping over the garbage can and stuff. And he's taking a plastic chair and trying to fold it up. Going, oh, this is the foldable thing. He's like a police idiot. And these people really think he's blind. Yes, that he was diving for change in fountains of chopping. Oh, yes, cool. Yeah. Yeah, that was a better than the man. Yeah. And they're taking the rich and give to the, from the poor, give to the rich. Yeah. And he, other of those, I can like, he's a real security guard in the mall. And he's like, I don't know, people, they shoplifting stuff. And they took it seriously. Okay, pal. I have a little emperor. Thank you. Everybody loves Tom Green. I was on more than six God damn episodes though. Okay. That's what we want. And like I said, if they need any more dog crap, I got to yard full of it. That's the same. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 6. 6. 6. 7. 5. 5. and he said that to twenty v. they picked it up. Well, they only made six episodes because there's been a lot of hate mail from, you know, right, we're not. There's been hate mail? Yeah, right, we're not, you know. Can't imagine that. Oh, he's right. How come right, we're not to watch an MTV in the first place, by the way? Because it's the- It's probably watching a Jennifer Lopez video over and over. It's like the less bands on the real world. Uh-huh. Like I said. Well, then he moved on and he made the he made the six episodes. And he's gonna make more. And he's gonna make the movie. And he's gonna make the movie. And he's gonna make the movie. And he's gonna make the movie. And he's gonna make the movie. And he's gonna make the movie. So... God bless you, sir. Thanks for the good news. Now we can live to watch TV another day. Oh! All right. See what I'd tell you. I knew that there'd have to be hate. Oh, that's in bad taste. And uh... Yeah. Too bad. Go watch something else. Go watch your goddamn watch his name on her doctor Kennedy. He's on for 600 hours on Sunday. Watch all that other bullcraft. The one with a crystal cathedral out there. That's only son of a bitch. Watch all that garbage on there. Okay. And let the rest of us with the sense of humor has a little bit of fun. A little bit of entertainment coming out of that big box. You're gonna have a big box and might as well be something good. Do we ever decide what we're eating by the way? You're still wearing limbo. This is not good. This is not good. Start. On your first day back. Who did you have? We didn't waste any time last week. They were flying in here Friday. We had Wayne Arnold was here, which Wayne actually showed up himself along along with Hudson. Had a feast. We had pony tail here on Thursday. We had Chuck Robinson plastic goat cheese on whatever day that was. How about toties? We had toties that I think twice. But I'm sure they'll come again if you talk real nice to them. They're probably getting real sick and tired of bringing us all this for you food. But I'm sure that if you speak real nice to them. And tell them that you're desperate. Tony's a big good. They'll be here fast. I'm sure. I can two or three hours. 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 6 60 on a mobile one line. We're time green intensive today. We're Godfather for intensive. We're a Vatican book intensive. Which I don't think you'll be able to get that book here. Gone with the wind and the Vatican. But if so. We want to know why and Crying minds want to get it immediately. If not sooner. And then of course. We're a cop. Pimp intensive today too. Cop charged and pimpering. Wasn't ice. Greg priest never stole a freight train. Kept is no screen. Never got into trouble. This thing has command people ask. What happened? See what the rest of people should be asking is who are all these other cops that were down there morning noon and night. Horanies 16 and 17 year old girls. However many they were in who they were. And how big were their breasts. Here's Virginia key. Hello. Yes sir. Another. Another. The. The. Organized exchange of. Guns. For Marlin. Take it. Yeah. I had that on Friday. I had the day on the news this morning. I was growing over last. And I couldn't believe it. Yeah. And they were surprised that no one actually showed up. Well, I've always said they could hold a gun to your head. Nobody would still go to those Marlin games. That's what I always say. At least if they were smart. You give away some of the. By the week from there from there. And evidence storage locker for a time. This week. That's this weekend. We're going to be doing that. But anyway, I just wanted to call and pay that. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Anybody show up with their guns. By the way. I'm sorry for what about the Britney Spears thing with a pop at Obeez. I think that's a mistake. Maybe she's at the Carl sky because she wasn't less. Palm last week. I've really didn't have 98 degrees being a Carl sky angel. I tent they had that right. But you know, I mean MTV. Maybe they make mistakes once in a great while. You know, like our newspapers here. But we don't seem to have any Britney Spears fiery Portoness audience. And that would be a real shame because a bunch of there's a lot of guys listening right now who would give their left. Ball to the MTV Center and Tom Green this day. And they said you can't say not, which I think he's nuts for saying that. Like I said, they give their left nut to be able to go see Britney tonight at the, uh, whatever the, amphitheater, wherever she's going to be. But we need to find out. You would think that certainly our friends over at Power 96 next door. Are they playing that or is she not, uh, she not who she could get off. She's not spicking off. Is that the problem? Somebody is building out. I had the answer there. 560 50560, pound five 60 on a mobile one line. 10562. I got that ankle bird show. It's you listed it too. Six o'clock. We got done a B talking baseball talking probably about Christina Morgan, the greatest broadcast to in history. And then we got the Marlin pregame show. The field Roger show on five 60. W Q a m my heavy Fort Latterdale. And beat that cater me. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit sweet. You're a little bit sweet. You're a little bit sweet. Yo, I'm a secret viewer. I'm a secret viewer. He's a secret viewer. He's a secret viewer. We're all the good. That's a word. We're a great friend. Like all black people do. But why do you want to say it to so they can sound real cool? Yo, I'm a secret viewer. He's a secret viewer. We're all the good. Now the big and tackle five. Another word to you. Get you through me real bad. But now it seems okay. When African Americans address themselves that way. I'm a secret viewer. He's a secret viewer. We're all the good. Oh, longer the vernacular. Formatial abuse. You're a youth who beat that boo. I'm a nasty think you say. But now it's been neat all of that by black folks every day. Yo. I'm a secret viewer. He's a secret viewer. We're all the good. I'm a secret viewer. I'm a secret viewer. We're all the good. We're all the good. I'm a secret viewer. I'm a secret viewer. I'm a secret viewer. It mainly does a better than I said. Everyone is now. I love you. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Check it out. I'll be grandmas. I'll be a fast hook. I've been pushing my things. Playin' with my rest. I've been pushing. I've been pushing. I got a reason. I'll stay at the beach. Put the looser in the back. All right. 11.03.05.60WQAM. 5.60. 5.60. Pond. 5.60. On the AT&T wireless line, here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. Yes, sir. One time, let's do the first time call. Great. Just want to let you know about the good news, sir. That is, in fact, accurate information. Hompano Beach. Yeah, I tried it just north of Atlantic Avenue, Atlantic Boulevard, I guess it is in Palpano at federal highway. Yeah. And if that's some come back bands there recently too. Well, how come nobody knows about this? I don't know. We found it on the internet. I hope that I've been the newspapers today. I didn't change anything about it. Next to Ricky Martin in Jennifer Lopez, Brittany Spears is the hottest thing since the stove. I don't understand it. There's no publicity. Well, I'm not going to get what's up in the big front. I'm not going to work. I'm not going to work. Okay. Thanks for the good news, sir. It's told about anyway, but maybe if you take your binoculars at the Mont Palma or telescope and get within like 5,000 yards, you can take a puke in there and see what's going on. Brittany Spears in Pompano Beach tonight. Here it okay. She's at least 14. That's old enough. That's what Greg Priest said. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp, 5, 60 on the 18. He's a nice guy, Greg Priest. Okay. And the Harold. And the goody two shoes. Where's that editorial? I say from last week. I'm never going to let this thing go. About the casinos, those parasitic enterprises. Those casinos, those gambling ships. And those casinos. And those one arm bandits. And all that evil evil stuff that goes on in those places. So the goody two shoes. People in the Harold are so I caught a good about that. But we get a guy a salary by the way, the public is paying by. I just should mention that 31 year old money, police cop. Beach. And he and these other cops are running across the tuition ring with underage with minors, with minor hookers in candle and got only those who were everywhere else. And the story we had last Thursday and Friday about they were coming and going and score score score score score score score score score score score score. And all over time, police cars there morning noon and night. And the Harold's take on this is, yeah, they say he's a pretty nice guy. Had a little problem driving his car and the slammed into this and it's climbed into a mail box into this and climbed his motorcycle under when the zoos. Yeah, but he's a good guy never stole a freight train. The pimping charge surprised one of his former co-workers. He was very clean cut easy going. You would fall in love with him. It says. I mean, talk about putting a spin. I mean, who is spinning it more? Hammer the Harold. Putting a spin on a story. Making it palatable. Maybe the Herbert like some phone numbers. 560, 560, 560, on the 18T wireless line. Here's my any, hello. Hey, hey, doing the pretty good sir. Listen, when I ask you a quick question, go ahead ahead. I'm not trying to be no sir anything. But do you have a pool of your house? Yes. Is it heated? Yes. I am. I just built a pool and I just got mine heated by solar. Do you have solar? No, I do not. I have an electric heater. Man, that solar is great, but yeah. You've got no electricity with or anything. Right. So, you know, you should try it because you need to do it now. But I'm late now. I spent a lot of money on a great electric pool heater and I like it a lot. Oh, good. I get that thing as warm as a bathtub. I get it smaller than here. It's like the next stage before you go to Hellen since everybody tells me I'm going here. I'm getting a lot of practice. Okay. But I'm just saying, you should try solar is not getting ready or heat pump. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks for the good news. This guy is trying to sell solar heating for my pool. Do I want it? No. But thank you so much anyway, sir. I believe the number with our producer, whatever his name is. 560, 560, 560, on the 18T wireless line. You know, I think there's a lot of psychopath a little bit today. It's because George is back. No, that's what you get for saying almost terrible things about your mother. What is it? No, you got him sit there. Okay. Just I've already been to enough torture one week. Okay. Seeing enough body parts. Just a joke. It's just a little joke. Okay. You got to have a sense of humor. Hey, look at my shoulder man. Oh, I guess you don't want to look at that. Oh, go test. At least I don't have any cellular. Oh, they had this thing on yesterday morning talking about information. If you ever seen that these cellular remover were they had these big fat women. And they sure like the backs of their legs in there. Their butt cheeks. Jesus Christ makes me feel like skinny atlas makes me feel like it's a big brain. I feel like beautiful when I see that. Seriously, I see a lovely when I see that. How could anybody, how could anything alive walk around looking like that? Was what I thought when I saw that yesterday. Then I came in at this morning and of course, fat boy, wild and here and I thought, well, now I know the answer. Easy. This is getting bigger. Yes, he's getting bigger. And the dog, she noticed he's walking with difficulty again. He got rid of the cane. He lost a little bit of weight. I mean, the doctor, I guess, put a skier into him for a little while. And now he's like just limping around. Burlich can move. He's so goddamn big. He's getting bigger again. And before he's blowing up like a guy damn a bullfold. And that's what we ought to call him bullfold. Thanks, you only want to run here. And Hank, and of course, the lovely of Bluff Lindsay. She, he's losing weight too. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless launch. Gonna be a rough fall week. I can see that. Of course, do I really care? No, no. I got other matters in my mind this week. I think I only had one. Oh, it's a great day. I only had one. Oh, yeah, we heard this first. Yeah, no, it's not ours. Finding this cold out, but I got up. That's plain after shopping in front to get your money away. I thought you'd find a frozen bag of bottles and jewels. And you went in front to do the next review. I could like that in hard to spot gold. And they would have let me buy. But I did not get a trouble. No, so I got them those wives. Yes, I'm just a little bit inspired to work. Do you live up my life with such a table? I have to do my job. After all, my husband's brother will soon be your big daughter. I'd like to know that I'd buy anything I need and just want to know. I would be just interested in family value. When I get out of focus for all. I'll go for four. I'm a 13 at 5.60 WQM. Like I said, nobody cares. Columbus, she goes over there. I mean, might even be the dead horse of that. And I noticed Carl Heissson had a call about it yesterday. mentioned that Howard was talking about it. You don't understand? Oh, yeah. Howard was talking about it. That was also when the paper last week in Harold, that Howard was talking about. We even got a song on issue about it. We got a comedy bit about it. Did you mention that? Oh, see, I understand. There's a through the grapevine that nobody on QA will be mentioned in the Harold unless it's a skating commentary by Barry Jackass. That's the new deal now. Just wait till Greg read files that lawsuit for alienation of affections, man. Then you're really going to be taking a different tune over there. You know what I'm saying? You might even sing one in English, but I doubt it. 5, 6, 7. Oh, yeah. That's front page of the paper this morning. Here we go. Not that they're paying me. It's a Harold. Where is it? Everything. Here we go. God damn. They have my life on him. I'm hanging here all the time. I got it here somewhere. Front page about Brazil is this and the... Where you're away is in Uranus. So where the hell is that stupid thing? I got it here. Just relax. Now that's a son Sentinel. I got it. Here it is. No, that ain't it. What the hell here it is? Wait a moment, please. I got to chop up in little pieces, which is what you ought to do with the Harold, by the way. He's chopping up in little teeny tiny pieces. Brazil summoned raises hopes. Oh! Ernie God damn day of our lives. It's another desperate attempt. Just like that New Yorker article said, Pandering desperately, pandering with this Hispanic. And Hispanic still hate to God in Harold's life. Poison. It wouldn't even wipe their back of them with it. Okay. So every day of our lives, the rest of us have the yesterday was something about the Latin Music and last week there was another thing about some kind of Latin music. If anybody ever heard of it before, even on the Spanish language music stations. Papa, papa, papa is the Harold ever going to write anything of interest to anybody who's fixing with us. Oh, thank you. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. With four questions, Marks. Hello, Mew. Yes, sir? Yeah. About Tom Green, there's this one special episode where it's a spring break episode. He happens to be on this cruise ship. And what they do is they shave his chest hair. And they put it in between two slices of bread and they operate the people. And I just thought it was pretty funny. Yeah. And last thing, Britney Spears, I want to bang in the butt. Okay. Thanks to the good news. She'll be right there in Palmono, Beats and I'd sir. Take a good close look at that. Back home. Think about it for a while and good luck. Okay. Two calls left in a board. I guess we can probably eat lunch and piece today. Okay. We have to last couple of weeks. We had a little too much action on the show for two straight weeks. Better comment right down to summertime blues. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Western. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir? You're Neil. How are you doing? I'm doing all of your challenge and skills and know it all. How come you're such a racist? Meaning what? With all of my talent and skill and know how I'm a racist? Yes. Meaning what? Meaning your racist? No, I'm not. You're not. No, I'm not. I'm going to say it for the five million times. I like nice people. Okay. I like people like an IQ bigger than their thumbnail. Nice people. I don't care if they're white or they're black or they're yellow or they're. I don't care what they are. What else do you see that? I'm a racist. Where's that come from? Well, with all of your. Crafts that you put on the radio. Craft like what? What? What? The NIGG. I'm going to make sure that's long. That's the take off on another record that we play. Yeah. Yeah. How come we can play me a honky and that's okay. We can make fun of white people or Jewish people old Jews or stuff like that. Sure. I hate to break the news. Uh-huh. 560, 05, your buddy. So somebody says, you know, I'm dealing with a real asshole. Okay. And by the way, there's nothing more embarrassing than white guys trying to act black. You know, it's interesting. How many millions of black people over the 300 years of slavery and about pressure? How many millions of black people to give anything to a white, a white in the next morning and in white? Now we got a whole deal. We got a whole bunch of white people who only wish to take a be black. You see how much goes around turns around. Or how does that thing go? Turn it around your back. Yeah. And then over pal. It's the a nignal show here. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the 18th, you are this line. A guy like you with your intelligence. How come you're such a goddamn racist. Do you a monkey Jew bastard, tag you? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, Leo. First time call or Fred. Yes, sir. He keeps the good jokes rolling and stuff. Did you hear? I'm listening. Did you hear about real funny, Fred? Not 560, 0560, pound 560, it's the summertime baby. They're on the loose. They got another caboose. Speaking of getting out of the caboose, by the way, we noticed the new thing in American law enforcement while they're not busy doing these. Pimp deals with these underage prostitutes, they're busy letting all kinds of criminals escape from jail. like the cereal killer down to in Texas. I like the guy here in the town the other day that tried to run over the three cops that they had to hand cup to the chair. Who wanted to think about his confession for a couple of minutes. Give him some time alone. And I said okay. And they came back and what a surprise. He was long gone. Oh, right. Yeah. This is an udial in a while. Well, we had him right here. Oh, crap. For me, you're with Ted Bundy. Oh, yeah. They probably know Ted Bundy too. He walks right out one time. Another time went through the roof. Yeah. No problem at all. And it was rare occasions when they do kid somebody. They just kind of like wander out. Well, we just wanted to get some coffee and check on the donuts. 560, 50560, on the 18th, T-line, here's plantation. Hello. Hey, Neil. It was just something else on the Britney Spears show. My daughter said a thoughtful tournament took in time. But over the weekend. Yeah. And they finished up the championship game. And I said, one of the ball fields close to the amphitheater. And she was doing her sound checks and everything yesterday. And then found bad from outside. But you know, they didn't punish security even for us. Well, I mean, one thing we all agree on is you can't sing a lick. I mean, I'm not only able to lick it, but you can't sing with a crap, you know. No, you're right. And then my even Jennifer Lopez sings better than Britney and Jennifer Lopez can't sing a lick either. What's your show? I have a real, perverted video. Did you see when she was on Disney? Who? Britney Spears? No, I did not. My daughter's even pointed out that she must be wearing a thermal bra. Yeah. You know, and just, you know, because there was a... Oh, there were real. Oh, yeah. Yeah, there were real. Anybody believe it? No, there were real. Yeah, right. Right. Right. And what color are you about now? Black and blue. Have a great day, pal. Thanks, pal. I'm writing a book. You have a pool with you like so or he didn't go. Oh, look how are your friends? Can you? Oh, uh, get a light view people out there. Get your own life. Stop trying to live a luxurious life to guide them. Britney Spears and Ricky Iglesias, Ricky Martin, all of these other people. They're not coming to your house for dinner tonight, okay? They're not going to come to your house and spread their legs. Lift your rainers to any of these other things. Forget it. Get a light. Get a real life. Not a vicarious life, okay? Get a real life. Get a real life. Get one. That's a great idea. You're bored during the summer months. It's hot. It's swarming the mosquitoes. There was big as God damn bowling ball. Why do you why you're sweating your brains out here during the summer months? Why not get some friends together if you can find what are even some people, some strangers. And get a life would be so good. So refreshing. So that may be by labor day. Maybe somebody out there might actually have discovered a life during the summer time when you say, all right, something good happened here finally. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Palm 5, see? I made a bad mistake today. I made a very bad judgment. I shouldn't have talked about Tom Green because that guarantee that 95% of the people in Saudis don't know Tom Green from Bob Green. That's right. Only Tom's got a better sense of humor. It isn't quite so short. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Palm 5, 60 at the end of the or is much or either. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you today? I'm fine. I just a little side note from your friend Ricky Martin. I don't know. Yeah. You had some girlfriend trouble. Yeah, right. So well, the big headline in last week's tabloids was Ricky Martin says, I'm finished with women. I saw that. Yeah. I didn't mention that. That quote was from when it was 10 years old. Yeah. And you have a great day. And back to you, sir. I'm glad you reminded me that that was in the globe where the attack alert or the inquire or the star. One of those great American newsmen. Yeah. Ricky Martin says, I'm sure was women. I'm pissed off. And it's said I'm in so on. This is I'm a turnin' over a brand new. That's don't leave. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. One Tom Green. Awesome. Yeah. I found that by watching Talk Soup once in a while. And they showed the clips by finally found it. It's mainly on Thursday night. Thursday night's at 10 30 right after celebrity death watch. That's right. And second, did you happen to read the letter? The editors yesterday in the song, Sentinel? Probably. About Rosio Donald? No. This lady wrote a letter. Talked about Rosio Donald and once everyone that owns a gun thrown in jail and all that crab. Yeah. And she writes the problem is we need God back in the school. Oh, yeah. Did you that? Some dumb big. God and prayers back in the school. That's going to all you have all these other assholes say that. You see, I hate to break the news to you. When I went to school, God wasn't in the school and prayers weren't in the school. And nobody had guns and nobody brought knives to school. And nobody was getting shot in school. And we didn't have metal detectors and all this other crap. And that was without God and the prayers and all the other bullcrap. When the hell was it God ever in the school in the first place? This is a pile of bullcrap. I say, put this bitch with a gun and Rosio Donald's house and just shoot her. Okay. All right. Okay. Maybe Rosio can do it. 600 open lines here. 560, 50560, pound-560 on the AT&T, where I was lying. Obviously this audience not the least been inspired by the prospects for Godfather 4. Here's a Hollywood. Like I said, here's a mobile and pepper pines. Hello. I'm going to help. Yes sir. You better off talking about the motoring and bobcreen. Yeah. Anyway, I. How's my dome by the way? Okay. Thanks. That was it. That was his material. 560, 50560. Like I told you. We're going to play Ricky Martin records all day if you don't get with it folks. Yes. Okay. Thank you so much. 560, 50560 on the AT&T, where I'm lying. Great. Let's try Margie. Hello. Hi. Me, Neil. Yes sir. Hi. I need a lot to do with an end. Not an end. Sorry. I just wanted to direct your attention to page 5b of the local sections. It's a, it talks about the incestuous relationship. It's a whole full page ad taken out between by the saw rest, Mills Mall talking about linozica and the city of Sunrise. Yeah. It's called, it's, it's comes to the secret mall. The old something is fishy in the city. Yeah. When would never lie to us? We know that. Well, I figured you'd be interested as a sunrise resident. I don't live in Sunrise. I live in Plantation Acres. I live in Sunrise. I'm writing if they paid me by the minute. Well, in any event, I thought just wanted to direct your attention. I'm holding off to live in Sunrise. It's 5b. It's page 5b of the local section. Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. I can look at it. No. No. I already know all about that. It's old newsman. It's old freaking news. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. I come on your day after day after day. And I bang on these things that I scream about him. Is anybody pay any attention? Oh. And then it coming like two weeks later. Oh, by the way, wait, what? To build this big figure across from the Sunrise. Oh, thanks for the bulletin. Okay. Thank you so much. Your race is fast. I'll tell you what. I'll make it a lot easier for you. Okay. I am a racist mother scratching bastard. How do you like that? You like that, huh? Yeah. Good. I'm not too crazy about anybody. Although I do like my Chinese friends, especially at the animal coast. Because they have great food. That's right. You go to hell and you die. You go to hell and you die. Why is that happening? Why am I like it in that twice of a time? I'm on over the nervous, but nevertheless. Well, that's because I'm a racist. Mother. I know that you keep on checking up my eyes. Yeah. I'm playing you for some different years. You can't help my breath. They're poking my mouth. Everybody's here. You come on to me and let the things in my head. And it sounds dark. Oh, but if you wanna take me, you'll know. There's been a problem that you think you know. I'm on the way. Oh, right. You sure they're gonna take me. Squirts quirts. She was 25 but she's just 15. I've been my life free. I've been my life free. I've been my child. She's a true man. She's a true man. She's a true man. She's a true man. She's a true man. She's 17. That's what Greg Presby said. She's 17. That's pretty close to 18. There's like a little progression there. Yeah. She'd say, forget it. Five, six, and plus, how do you know that she's in the guys? You know, that doesn't seem to be the thing with all these recording artists. They seem to be a lot of those, uh, uh, in there. You never know. Now that would be a criminal. Wouldn't that? That would be a shame. You don't have to say like this. I'll be honest with you now that. And keep in mind that the guy that she's, uh, in the video, you know, the guy that she's, uh, psychotic over. That's the wanderer around on the beach that we don't see any really enough. Yeah, nail model from Tandy Eagle, by the way. I just mentioned that in passing. I don't want you to make no assumptions off the bat that he's, uh, but he's a nail model from Tandy Eagle, so I figured that out. And she's got the hots for him. So there you go. Plus did you see the dancers, the guys, and the dancers that are swishing around her in that, oh man, one of my swear to God, all of our pentos lead the ground at the same time. The little kind of gookie looking on. Oh, I shouldn't have said that. Racist. Yeah. Okay. Since I've already been figured is being a racist here, what percentage of dark complexed folks have to leave America? Uh, what percentage in order for the estates to be safe again? Huh? Don't you think that's a reasonable question? I think that's, you know, in order to make America more livable again, what percentage of folks darker than let's say Sherry Belfare, have to leave as of noon today? And it's already 11.35. Huh? Well, Sherry, she's, uh, she's not too dark. She's just right. I was, what percentage of black America darker than Malcolm on a young and restless? Oh, that would be an awful lot. Wouldn't it? Uh-huh. Have to get on those big cruise ships. Hey, maybe Mickey Erson can make a big thing out of this, you know? And I'm sure the hero would go along with it because, you know, they used to be members of those clubs that didn't include Jews and blacks and, you know, people like who aren't like them, old goyum. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Yes, sir. Did you see the law now that been done for the past that? Now there's a law where you can actually hit your kids. You can do what you can do in Colorado, yeah. In Colorado or whatever. Spank, not hits. Spank. And you won't go to jail for it. Right. Yeah, but it took a bombing of, what, three buildings for the first time to pass a lock. Bombing and three buildings, yeah. Homecoming. Whatever you say, sir. Bombing and three buildings. You know what you're talking about? Yeah. 560, that's one of your boyfriends, by the way. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Now the Georgia's back. We got our good friends back this week. They weren't there here too much last week when you were away. They missed you badly. In fact, I should have given you your home phone number. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Get your real busy all week. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. How are you, Boobie? Okay. You know, my girlfriend gave me a little like an insider. Inside knowledge on Britney Spears. Um, allegedly. I think it was a brat. Yeah. Britney Spears. Which is not a new girl. So daddy's supposed to be. He's the one who I think paid for the implants, the collagen, the butterbeats, the butterbits, the curries. Yeah. She basically said daddy want to be rich. There are a lot of people load daddy, they time that I guess. Yeah. Well, I mean, it's probably like you say, she can't sing a lick. She might lick it, but she can't sing a lick. That's what I said. You know, that's the way it is now in the in the in the in the in the in the in the. Well, you look at your look at the top three singles right now. Number one and billboard is Jennifer Lopez. I'll be honest with you. From the 10 down cheese pretty good, but from the chin up. Well, she's very, she plays a mean chin ball as well. I hear the nevertheless from the chin up. I give her like maybe a six and a half. Not that great, but from the chin down. And of course, the video is like erotic. Yeah, but she's got it. I'm good. No. From the chin down. Well, and probably they're real too. Yeah. Like I was a little Jennifer Lopez is like a little more mature. I would say that Whitney is more to you, you know, chicken Chaser's out there. You want to from my dad more my with. Right. That's the end of the music video. You don't know. I don't know. I don't know. That's right. You know, the guy's out of the sort of thing. I think I'm going to boycott. I have a great old movie. I said, I mean, why don't we just get Tony Danza. The brilliant. And thank God back in the 50s and 60s. It wasn't that way that great singers like Fabian and Preciable on. They had the big hits. You know, they're just looking to tab hunter. Just looking good. Didn't make you in the music stuff. Elvis Pat Boone. All those guys. Well, same old crap, you know. Listen, got out of for. Yes, sir. We got Tommy Danza, the play. Young can tend to be with a Harvey fire scene voice over. Ridney spheres, the play from Hagen after a sex change and the rate of by James Earl Jones. Okay. Thank you. So if Harvey can't make it by the way, how about the lot of not these. She sounds a little like Harvey. Huh? She could have played. Stones. Yeah. Easy. Little mustache. Little cotton in her cheeks. 5. 6. 7. 5. 5. 6. The pound. 5. Yeah. The music for Lord even loves Neil Roder. You're ready to shoot in the mirror and that James Robb. Get me. Smoke. You're a man of the same age. Get me. Smoke. I'm a man of the same age. So I can see how close I have to go. I got the band of the men of the five-months and still a month of time. No kids. Me. 142 at 5. 60 WCM. Here's a fact that's as I'm pissed off and fired up. It's okay when the Pope goes to St. Louis and acts the governor not to execute a murder because it's against the Catholic Church. But if you reveal the secrets of the Vatican, you're going to be punished by firing. Seconding it says, that's what Robbard says on here. Seconding. You're right, Robbard. What do you expect from a guy in a dress with a old beanie on? An old on-wall. That's a chicken in real band these days. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Why don't we slide here's Western? Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes sir. Did you find out about the time last week? I don't know if you saw this. The folks from one of your favorite Bob Cops this about athlete. Yes I did. Sure we talked about that Friday. Thank you so much. See what I'm saying? Old, old stuff. Okay. Yes we did. Sir it was great. Wonderful. Even though Bob Cops this is still a little torporic and stand. We hate him like poisons, no matter if fact but nevertheless, once it is like he said something made sense. About athletes thanking God. The Lord did this and Jesus did that. And the meantime people are dying all over the world and Lord and Jesus. Don't have time to pay attention to that. They're worried about athletes and ball games. What kind of mindless, simple then believes these ridiculous, maniacal fairy tales for little infants in a sandbox somewhere who would say to that crap. 560, 560, 560 on the 18th, the wireless line. Here's a mobile and boiting beach hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes I am. Neil God. I'm a longtime listener for a time caller. Great. Why do you get some of those, working you buy some of those records you, you can't do it here. Can't do it here. Can't I go? I love some of them. They're really great. Anyway just wanted to say hello. Okay thank you and goodbye. 560, 560, they got no material that they man. They ran dry. I mean they outdid themselves. He's last two weeks. I mean they just were fan. I don't want to say fantastic actually kind of weak. But you know better than usual this time of the year. But here it is June 28th. Almost got them for the July and they're drained. Scored score. They're getting ready for Brittany tonight. Boy, I bet you they're really draining it. 560, 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18th, the line. Any interest at all in this show today. They're all watching old tapes of Tom Green. I love Tom Green. In fact that was the only reason that was worthwhile being heard this time over the weekend. Was discovering just by accident. Best by channel serving the Tom Green Show on MTV. Here's a mobile in Parkland. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing this morning? Great. Neil I'm waiting to hear all morning. Your comments on our new exhibition for the Panthers. I want to be waiting all morning to hear that. What in the world could I possibly decide the fact that this kid is the ugliest one in the draft. Next to these are Dean Twins that Ben Cooper took. This kid is fat and ugly. Other than that, what do you want me to tell you? What about the... Why would I rush to judgment? What about Trevor Kid? Trevor Kid's better than Kirk McLean. He's okay. He's thinking they're going to be starting him or something. No, no way. He's never going to be a starter anywhere. He's a very capable backup to Sean Burke. Let's pray that we actually have some defenses here. I'm not going to sit here. I'm not going to sit here. I'm not going to sit here. I'm not going to sit here. Oh, geez. There goes the... how do you like that? Now that means somebody in there or somebody picked up the phone somewhere here. Somebody's pops can you run into building with our phone? Like in the other room? Thank you so much to whatever asshole in the other room picked up our phone right there on the air. That was good. Oh, I'm telling him. I'm having technical glitches myself. The people in the other room are picking up the guy they have phoneers. This is a good day to a state home. You know what I'm saying? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I mean, who the hell can anybody pronounce this kid's name? I got to hear somewhere. Panthers for pick you, cranium forward. Dennis Schwitke. And you noticed by the way that Brian Murray, he made timber where he said the name because Schwitke used to make him younger and he used to make him younger and he used to make him he can't shade name. Dispouchment. So he didn't say it. In fact, he used to say much of anything. He said, he's going to be a super selection by the Panthers. And we're going to be the kick-shamash. As what he said. And they all went. Yeah, Brian, get out of here. Let's move on to a real team now. Yeah, this kid really grow tests. I mean, you talk about ugly. So I guess the Panthers may not pick the best election, but we picked the youngest kid in the whole NHL draft. Here, we don't want no competition there for Ray Wittney and Pavel Brewery. As far as looking, human goes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, 2, while he's flying. I would say Trevor Kid is a step up as a backup from a Kirkman-Claner Good step up. Nice going, Trevor. Just don't plan on playing too much. Not too much. Look, maybe about 15 games. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Mobile in Kendall. Deal, God. Yes, sir. I got a fire for him on the highway. Guess what? They're trucking for Jesus now. I'm right. Okay. What does it say? Trucking for Jesus. I'm reading the back of it. It's a rig. It's the overflowers. And it says trucking for Jesus. Yeah, well, guess what? Britney Spears has got a bumper sticker at her concert night. They rhymes with trucking for Jesus. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. In fact, maybe that was the one down in Kendall. Maybe that's what they got on that 16 year old. She's got Britney Beatby. You're okay. Moving that clock back, like George likes to do. The 16 year old down there in Kendall. She's got when it rhymes with trucking for Jesus. And Greg Priest says, oh, why? Because he's a good guy. Never stole a freight train. The hero says he's a good guy. Yeah. Cop charged and pimpering a nice guy. That would be like on our front page of the hero that they said. Headbundee never stole a freight train. Just misunderstood. Just a badly treated as a child. Boy, I mean, you talk about somebody must be getting paid off somewhere in this town. I'll tell you, it's unbelievable. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and by the way, you might any cops, man. You really crack me up. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, don't. Great. Just came back five days in Vegas. Yes, sir. I came back here while I apologize for, usually, but the hero don't want to know that going on here. State of Devonition. Uh-huh. Beautiful place. Not 100% completed. Right. But it's still a great place. Went to the Rosewood. Fantastic place. You mentioned my name as the Rosewood? No, it was late at night. Good. Another thing. What's the issue? Did you see any of the Maulon game yesterday? Did I see the Marlon game yesterday? Oh, yeah. Watch that thing intensely from like about the top of the fourth till the middle of the top of the fourth. I don't remember what any of it was. But they were promoting a appearance on online with Jeff Remer. Yeah. And they were saying something and Tommy Hutton also said, well, if you listen to really you know where to get a free meal. They start. Yeah. I thought that was pretty fun. I never always rip into the national. He blames me for you. Oh, you put him up to that. Yeah. Like, I wouldn't know Tommy Hutton from Gloria Hutton. Okay, from Betty Hutton. I mean, I don't want to be more on games because they're so bad. But I just had to catch it. I thought that was a pretty good night's going. I always liked that Tommy Hutton. All right. That's a good news, sir. Yeah. That's what I say. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. It's so boring in his town. Let's have a little bit of excitement. Okay. Let's have Britney Spears start naked there in poppin' obese. And we'll put it on goddamn channel four. Which, by the way, is being in a channel four. I'm so glad I said we did this. They were doing the news live from daydland Friday afternoon. I'm going to tell you something. If Angela Ray doesn't explode one of these days, they must have a bicycle pump stuck way up in her. Welcome. Yeah. If you ever seen her, Angela Ray on channel four, she is the most obnoxious. The moment in the beginning, she was like a little bit like that. But now she's carrying it to an extreme because obviously they're not getting any ratings. And that Ken Rose Sato Rose Otto, the one at the twills the R's, you know, that Julio from where we're going to hurry up and shift him in from doing that. Ken Rose Otto, who wants to make sure he is disgusting nauseating, too, producing. But Angela Ray. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Man. And then it's always great when they have to segue into real sad. So we're like, you know, 16 people got killed in a bus crash or something. And she goes, and then all of a sudden she puts that real steering look on her face, you know. And now let's go over to Brian. Yeah. I know his Brian was going to pretty good job of cruising there in daydland on the, I'm sorry. 567. 560. 550. On the AT&T wireless line. By the way, did you see anybody was smoking with some dayland Friday? No. See there. You go again. You big it. You racist. You, well, whatever you are, faggot. Yeah. Here's a lady mobile implantation. Hello. Hey, you know, and great. Have you seen or talked about on your show lately? I don't really know. The homeless people who give out fires and collect money on the street corners. I know you've seen around because you live in a similar way. Yeah. Talk to a thing. In fact, I clips of the not the other day. Oh, I was playing here. I got a right here. Panned to stop panhandling. Give your money to the advisory board instead. And they're still going to make it legal. You can still go out there in panhandle. But the advisory board's going to take your money. You can give it to the homeless organization. Which I don't understand why we need an advisory board. If you want to give money to the like, committal sauce or maybe the home, why not just give it direct. Exactly. We have to have a pimps. And you're teaching these people that they can just stand on a corner of banks for money. I just buys it. I can't stand it. And I'm going to tell you as much as I love Toronto. If you ever were up there, you ever have a block. There's somebody else sitting on the street. There's some change. You go into subway. There's some chicks. And then they're playing the fiddle. And they do all the stuff. You know. Well, all I know is I have to go through the intersection of five, nine, five and five and five and five. I don't know about a hundred times a day back and forth through there. And every time I'm there, like three different people come up to my car and look at me and like beg me for money. And I want to rule them. How can I not listen to me? How can I country that says rich is this one? Okay. That's got as much money. How can we allow there to be people sleeping on the streets, panhandling out their homeless Penuous? How can we do that? Well, it's, it's unacceptable. I mean, you're not a money, you're right. That's an America. It's disgusting. You're not a money, but I always do. All these bad cats, all these overfed. I mean, 50% of the country were all fat walking around like a bunch of tubs and we got homeless starving people out there in the streets. You talk about having no goddamn conscience. That's America for you. Yeah, totally great. And I think you're in great and I'm a lady mobile dude. Listen, you want to come. Okay. Take it easy. Thanks. Bye. I'm sure. I mean, I feel, I'm in a bit of a bit about that. I'll do like three meals. Okay. I still feel better about roots, Chris. Oh, by the way, speaking of roots, Chris. Oh, what are you doing? I'm talking about anyway, because we didn't have our regular way to that. But that that we all went. I'll tell you about the waiter later off here. Well, somebody ran into him. 567. Well, he runs into a lot of people and a lot of the same places. Well, I mean, like you hadn't known that. Like a waiter and a restaurant. You didn't know that he's a nice guy. Like he's a, well, what do I keep doing these things for? I can't stop myself today. I'm having a, I've made more technical problems today than I have all the last 10 years put together. It's all because George is back. I mean, it's because I'm under a lot of stress. What am I hitting wrong button? There you go. Yeah, so let me, let me forget to tell you about the waiter. Okay, let's go to, but anyway, I'm still a little bit upset about them. I'm not giving off for him. And that that we wanted. We don't want anything for free. We don't want an reserve. No coffee. But the offer it's like a nice gesture. Did they do it? No. No. Not that time. But nevertheless, I still have compassion for the homeless and the starving people that I give many money. No. I should. I don't know. How do you feel about that? Never. When you come in, there's actually no understanding there. And it's like a menacing thing, too. There's like standing there and you're waiting for a red light. They've got a captive audience. And they got that cup and they, you know. And they got that permit that says they got between one and seven PM at this location. And for another 50 bucks a month, they can do a better one. What's this, uh, cost act foundation that people with the t-shirts and the orange hats that you have for you? Yeah. Is that like a hoocad shaco? They're helping people in America. I thought he was on a show with Greta von Suston. You've seen Roger. He has a foundation. Potsack. I don't know. You've found like a sack to me. I don't know. They look like homeless people. They look like they just cleaned up all these derelicts. What are they? He's shirtin' a hat. I don't know. Helping people in America in their passing buckets that every intersection in Broward County and surprise you haven't seen it. Well, when you see a bucket, just say, it, okay. That's my model. Here's Cooper City. Hello. You? Yes sir. I know. Oh, are you? Sorry. Yes. You know who his father-in-law is? No. No idea. How about that? Oh, I'll pose as the police spokesperson. Absolutely. Is his father-in-law? That's his father-in-law. He was quoted in that story the other day. El Bozo. Yeah. From the mommy of each police department. Exactly. One of the ditches that you great job there running a cool-hand thing. Right. When you get oh yeah, there was nobody in there and it's oh, well, wait a minute. Maybe there was. Just want to do it in a formula. Thanks for the good news. Thank you. Okay. I want to mention, you know, blame for Al Bozo. He's got enough problems of his own on his hands. I guess if that's his son-law or whatever. I just don't understand. I just don't understand. I started this road test and this widespread evidently from the little bits and pieces of the way to get. Why it's being so incredibly covered up there, huh? Because we certainly know that police being human beings. They want to go out there and get laid. They want to get a little head. They want to get a head in life. What's wrong with that? They want to move up the old ladder. If she's real short. They need help, Ipit to me, My father, did you? Everything. Why don't you tell him to bring him to jail? Maybe she should run my house when she's in town. Oh. She won't go down. Forget it is up again. You're now trying to keep the town. She won't go down. But it's up again. You're now trying to keep all down. She won't go down. But it's up again. You're not going to evil. Don't take me down. She won't go down. Forget it is up again. You're now going to keep the town. She won't go down. What did he stop again? You'll have to go to keep the down. Kissing his son today. With you still few months, hey. He trying to whisper drink. He trying to book the drink. He needed hard to drink. To get a rinsicate. He tells us that it really makes them feel good. He tells us that what the hell is over to God's Lord? There is no way boy. No way boy. I need y'all. She won't go down. What did he stop again? You never know the key To download. She won't go down. What did he stop again? You never go to keep the down. She won't go down. What did he stop again? You never go to keep the down. She won't go down. What did he stop again? So we're going to try 60-itar puis QM from law-nescending up. Bradden, our good friends. He's told me he was saying thank you for the new free lunch today. There are people starving and we're eating free lunch. Do we feel bad about that? Oh no. 1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1 So people that they are are standing on the ground and coming down, they are not leaning. It is not走 or up. It is okay. They are or they show you. And they lose. It was very difficult. There live. The people who are paying handling out there and a corner like just last night. It is they. A kind of landdruck zoo. It is a wonderful plants, great. We all need money, crazy weather, and greatuff point. They have people playing there and look up and they know how to walk in with the world. They do not have the infrastructure of LG and how to thank on the ground. change Mr. That's right. What the hell was that? Oh, they're starting with a drilling again today or these people crazy or what? Oh, yeah, yeah. They're starting that crap again down here. So we ended that squared away on Friday. All of a sudden the dentist is in. Here's a lady mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Listen, one time listener, I love you. And once I want to tell you about a homeless person who had a sign out at the study with Hungary, I just come from the market. And I had apples and I gave them an apple and he gave me the filthy ass glove. Of course, you know, I could have made it. I could have added apple cider real quick. Anyway, I didn't allow a little to know. But I think Tom Green thinks I can't stand him. He's a noxious. You don't like Tom Green? No, and if he ever came up to me and if I was a guy, I would take you that. I think he's a noxious. Okay. I love you. See, the women don't like Tom Green. That's a guy thing. Yeah. Just like we have almost no women listening on this show because I'm crude and I'm not just disgusting. And women are good at issues. And we know that they're don't stink. You know, all of the least you like me. That's good. That's a good start. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. See, you can't buy any booze with an apple. Don't you understand that man? You can't buy any booze with an apple with whatever else you would give. If you give my ham and cheese sandwich, that would be nice. But you can't buy booze with a ham and cheese sandwich. Wouldn't you have more respect if they just had a thing out there? I need a buck for a beer. Wouldn't that be more honest? Yeah. Yeah. Need a couple of bucks for booze. At least that would be honest. Anybody have Henry Barrow's phone number. For children, we're going to have that cheap gramma boon. Something like that would be good. Here's a mobile and Pomp and O, hello. Mobile and Pomp and O. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Two things. Do you hear anything about the several films of casino and coconut crepes? No. No. I heard they were going to pay the city $25 million that they want some kind of a hearing of some report that they're going to go full gaming right in total of pre. But in what do you mean full gaming? What does that mean? Volca, you know gaming? How can they do that? They were fight the battle with the feds. They were trying to negotiate a deal with the state of Florida. That if they'd stay for a while, then they'd go full gaming. They'd come in for a chunk of it. They'd have a father to say, no, and they said that if we win this battle in federal court, and they did, that you're going to cut Florida and put nothing. Well, that's a Bruce Babething, the Secretary of the Interior. He's already okay in some of the other states, and we're sitting waiting breathlessly to find out if it's going to be okay here. And of course, if it is, then the state's going to fight tooth and nail, Bobby, butterworth, and Jebby, Bush, and all these guys are going to be screen-blooded, but you know something if the federal government says it's okay. It's okay because they're the ones that got your prediction and Bush and butterworth won't be able to do anything about it. I heard it was a done deal. Great. They're just repeating that they have to pay the city 25 million coconut creaks for broken fruits and all that. Yeah, but that's hard, maybe that part of it, but it's a done deal as far as getting full gambling in here. That depends on the federal government. I think I heard that it was done. All right. Thanks for the good news. There will be the first ones lined up right there. We can stick it right on the Harold. That's right. Boy, you think they'd be having a nervous breakdown about that or what? Oh, yeah. Bobby, butterworth, he come right back down here from Tallahassee. Think we don't have enough problems already. We can Jenny. Look at Bobby butterworth back. Making sure who's being naughty and nice. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. I bet you we don't have anybody in this audience. Give us any of these poor bastards out there. These people are unshaven, unclean, homeless, destitute, growtask. We don't have one person in this audience that helps them out with a quarter, 50 cents of buck, six pack, anything. That was wrong with you. Good for you lunch today, by the way. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, good afternoon. Yes, sir. If you ask any of those people on the corner, they can always break a 24-year-to-year tool. You're going to try to give them money. I was watching a movie via the morning uncle. I'm going to try that next time. Got changed for 100? Yeah. They'll break it for you every time. OK. I was watching a movie via the morning and in honor of the fourth July, it was a revolutionary war movie. I didn't know this, but apparently there was another use for the little drummer boys back there in a revolutionary war in the civil war. And the general would hollow all up to the tent. And the evening have the sergeant major hollow up there. And if they didn't want to comply, why he would whip them in beat them in the... That's exactly. That's why Harry writes them down. Exactly. And for all the Christian folks out there this morning, the collective ass of Iowa fell off this morning on the today show. I saw, you know, how they have the weather man. He runs around out in the crowd, sort of like a Richard Simmons of the weather man. And out here in the old crowd. I've been just laying on the face of the year. Exactly. One back by the way. Exactly. Shiny head and all. These two guys were standing there holding the sign and the sign said, Jill, were you marry me? And he stepped the microphone up in his face. They would you like to propose this on one? And the one guy looked at the other one and said, yeah, I am in the kiss. All right. That's great. And he couldn't run away fast enough. Katie was a spitting man. Didn't know what to do. I was out of the space or in red ol' way. We couldn't tell. It was great. If you could have seen it, it was perfect. And everyone in Iowa went in. And it was a big tornado out there this morning. They couldn't believe it. Thanks for the good news. Goodbye. By the way, they had a thing on CNN this morning that in Iowa and Nebraska, we'd grow naturally out there in those two states. If anybody's running out of here. If anybody's a Jamaican dealer is running low. Yeah, I went to Nebraska to get on a goddamn plane. It's the way out of exploding balls. Tonight, the historical channel presents, oh, that's you didn't know. With Jack Perkins. We're all familiar with the role of Michael Curley, only played by Al Pacino in the Godfather move-ish. But I'll bet you didn't know. It was originally cast for ex-gets quarterback Joe Davis. Here's some rarely-say-put-it-a-jove-joice role of Michael Curley-Oden. It's my home. It's my home. Where my wife is? And my children. Where is the... Needless to say, he didn't get the job. But join us anyway. Tonight, on the historical channel for... How bad you didn't know. Well, 14 at 5.6 a.m. Thank you so much to our friends over there at the Tony's for a great lunch today. And we apologize for a few sleep for the Wolf camera spot playing the back-to-back live in Recording. But that's your little mistake I'm long here today. How many mistakes it's only noon and already 462 mistakes but who's counting? Five with a wolf. Yeah, one more time for the west coast. I guess maybe the original of the live on wasn't long enough. You think that might have been it? No. God, if these spots get any longer, the... One thing about commercial copy in this place, you can't complain about it because basically we don't have any. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Not that our sales department's going in problems here on the same. Here's Pembroke Pines, hello. What's up, Lendick and Neil? Yes, sir. I don't get money to those people on the intercession set. And it makes it a shortage, stop at a red light. I mean, you get a... They're dodging in an atticard. Right. And it's great. It's almost as bad as those idiots selling a goddamn newspaper. Exactly. And for crying out loud, I mean, anybody that either doesn't subscribe to the paper or can't go over one of those coin boxes to get a newspaper in the morning, what is wrong with those people? Exactly. Hey, did you read in Missouri that children can regard in the fifth grade? Must say yes, sir and yes, ma'am to their teachers. No, Mrs. Sippy, not Mr. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And I ask you. Yeah, I was on the first floor there. Now, let me ask you something. What happens to these children? It looks like two. It looks like two. It looks like two. Why, two chair. Yes, sir, ma'am. They forced them to stay in Mississippi to write their lives. I say, worse than death. Right. The Tom Green Show before the six original episodes, there was a spring break special. And they were on a Ukrainian, it was MTV special. They were on a Ukrainian cruise ship. And the last night, in the middle of the night, three o'clock in the morning, he goes to the doors of the captain in the next couple of people and command. What he has is a slice of bread and a 40-pound red fish. Fresh. I mean, this thing is just fresh on like an ice box. A piece of lettuce, a tomato and another piece of bread. He's going around to these people. They didn't speak no English. He's got a camera in there face at three in the morning going, you know, this is for you. Thank you. He's at a number with a guy, somebody in the, uh, some sailor that couldn't speak in the water. Yeah, yeah, we think you go away. Go away. Security security. You know, is absolutely the guy's finding. He's just there because of panic. Take it even in. I have a great day, sir. God bless you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's my knee beat, chill out. Hi, how are you doing? Yes, sir. Okay. Um, well, just touch on that quickly. The homeless thing. I mean, uh, well, how do psychology teach her in college? And she said there was one thing that she said that will protect with me forever. What she said, well, a homeless person, person with pocket in the end for me, you don't have to give me money. But I hate when they don't even like look at you. It's like they don't even acknowledge that I'm a person. Don't, she said, no, you can deny your money, but don't deny me my humanity. And I think that's true. So I always make sure I give them a little nod or, you know, it's a little nod. And how can you look them any eye? How can you look them any eye and not give them any money? That's the whole deal. And of course, in Toronto, the homeless people the way they get even with you. And when you just ignore them, they say, have a nice night anyway, eight. You know, as if to say, well, even though you're a cheap bastard, have a nice day. No, I know you're from, from this area. I am. Well, not for good. Don't say that that I'm talking to. There you go. That's the worst insult I ever had in my life. I'm a volunteer. I apologize. Jesus, if I was from this area, I'd be going. Eee! Like that. I hear you, but you are familiar at all with the 79 feet exit. Put it down. Of course. Okay. Where is the working I would eat for nine years? I don't know the 79 feet exit. Well, that's north. All right. So what I'm saying is they look I out there and I'll say, regardless of what you give a money, thank you. God bless you. They notice drugs. So that's the stick. That's the, he says it's regardless. So, you know, I just feel like there are people too. But I wanted to touch on, I went to a casting call for a Fox show. Fox family. Yeah. So they were looking for like back street boy zest, type people, ice growth type S, and I'm like a white Jewish boy, you know. And I, I, I, I could, I could pass for one of those, one of those characters. But like you should have seen it with all like Julio's and these, I mean, they were just real ugly. I was like, what the hell are you doing here, you know? Oh, there's nothing worse than not really Julio. Well, hey, hey, you know, that's the thing. I didn't write all my lunches. I was talking about ugly Julio's. I don't know how to expect. There's a thought of it. It has got the part of my pizza halfway back up my throat. I, I, I, I, I went there, you know, and I'm not expecting anything, but at, at least I looked apart, you know, these people, they, they were like, really, really, they weren't even Jennifer Lopez Julio. They were like, Julio, they, you see, are in cops or something. Really, yeah, grease ball. Yeah, I was like, okay, she put her off from Kendall. I mean, not the sound, not the sound. I, I, I, I saw channel four news out there at David on Friday. It wasn't a pretty side believing me. I, that, that's what I'm talking about. These people are there. And they're like, yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna be far, we're gonna be, we're gonna be, we're gonna be, I'm like, all right. I'm like, thank God, I went to college, you know? Okay, exactly, let me go. Thank you. Bye. Five, six, seven, we got six hundred open lines here, wait nine, it's only 12, 20. We got to go to a clock. We're gonna make it today. Oh, I doubt it. Hank Goldberg from Schulis, too. We got Donnie B. Talking baseball. We used to like Donnie B a lot, till we found out that he sucked Chris Moore's record on the year one day and then we started a hit him like poison. And then we got the Marlins and the Metz, so pre-gaming 630-705 from P.P. Park. Whether from it, they were sitting on the morning show. You know what that means, don't you? Huh? I mean, the range every day and how come they're playing outside. As if we need no stadium. Let's forget about the homeless. Screw the homeless. Let's build a new state. Oh, we're John Henry. Well, and let me say this to you again. Okay, I understand. I'm very confused about things like this in life. But if I got the kind of money that John Henry, this wealthy businessman who bought the Marlins, if I got that kind of money, why do I need the Marlins? If I got the kind of money that baldy with his real bad zits, if I got the kind of money, like a 1.6 billion hellagely is worth now, why do I need a new shopping center across from the saw grass? Why do I need to boss everybody around with his goddamn crappy sports teams? What more do I need? You see what I'm saying? So some of you should feel better. Some of you have no life or are just a bunch of your slippers that even people would tremendous amounts of money, they still must have no life. Because if I got 1.6 billion dollars, am I going to be worrying about building a new shopping center? Oh, you bet you're sweet at some not. What do they want? What do they need? What kind of insatiable ego have assholes like this got that they got to buy bulk clubs and build stadium? How come? How are we just build a big statue of these people? I'm all of them. Okay, right now. And then we can put them into a big, big bite of them. We'll have a place called Monument to Green Park, okay? Ego Park. Yeah. Like my car through park, we'll just call it Ego Park. And we're a big gigantic statues of all the people we want to get rid of. Okay, like John Henry and Wayne Hypinga and all these other pains in the ass. People have gotten more than, well, also put what's your name on there too, your favorite who can't sing or what of a paper sack? You know, I can't hear you. Gloria Stephon. See, I had a metal block there for a second. Yeah, let's build her a statue. They were what? What are husband and they're just a joke? Put her husband and their next door to and get them out of town. Gloria Stephon. See, one thing about Jennifer Lopez and Brittany's spirit. Maybe they don't sing so great, but at least they look great, okay? Gloria Stephon, does she look great? Oh, and she sings other than that. She's done them. Just ask for your shoulder. She's very important here, right? Oh, yeah, just ask the hero. That's how you. It's a very important family. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp 5, 60, animal 1. And I'll guarantee your Ricky Martin even though he's a pin in the ass is a lot prettier than Gloria Stephon. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. And what's the story with those two twins that were drafted yesterday? The sedine twins? Yeah. The story is there extremely ugly. That's the story. Oh, really? They look like 13 year old retards. They are. So are heard of Swedes with right here, by the way. So are they? They're grow tsk. Other than the suit of brothers that were brothers and these guys are the pin in the ass. Sure. The Ferrari brothers is all kind of brothers. You better get with a turn. In fact, I'll see you for lunch and brothers in pompano. These people want to talk hockey draft. Get with it. Stop blowing off the audience. Okay. I'd rather talk Tom Green Talk than hockey talk. It's the middle of the gym at the end of the gym. It's almost July. Okay. Give us a little breather. Even a rabbit fan like yours truly needs a breather. And by the way, the Leafs, Leafs drafted. Nothing we could do. I just thought I mentioned that. That's all right. We're waiting for last year's graphic. Nicolai on drop off that rushing. You're waiting for him to come in the do it and play some hockey too. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in temper of pine. Hello. Anyhow you doing. Pretty good. Listen, I'm not know about the fight off the, I don't know what's you going off. Come on, so go. I got off at 95 or 60 seconds straight. Yeah. And I had this black guy just like a priest. I'm black guy. I'm trying to push the, uh, uh, Sarah Khan newspaper in my truck. Oh, that was on. That goes on right on here on, uh, 441 and 199. Oh, there's David. I was out there this morning with his guy named Zootu. Don. Well, I tell you what, this one learned this lesson. I told him to take the paper out of the truck. And he wanted to, all you would mean, I was on my cell phone. So I said, okay, stand by. Put the phone down. I shot the guy in the face with me. And he backed out of the way for the truck and I drove away. All right. So yeah, I'll be sticking in. I think he's going to be sticking in your push again. Maybe not. I'm out of it. Okay. Good job, pal. Thank you. There you go. Get that. How lot of people's faces. Okay. You're going to get the meat in the face if you don't cut the crap. All right. With a wrap. You know, I don't know about you. But when I'm in my car, they always say it's like this, uh, like a second home. It's like next year, home. And for some people, it's a first home. Like remember Johnny Depp before he forgot about it. Be got rich in famous. Got laid a lot. Live for a year in Halandale in his car because he was destined to not on the street. And whatever else. So for some people, your home, your car is your home. But nevertheless, this business of driving around the streets of your community or anywhere in America and having to be cornered by people, uh, costing you with goddamn militant newspapers and with your regular ordinary crappy papers and with begging for money. This is bull crap. Get them off the street. Right next to Eagle Park, we're going to have begging park. That's one of the reasons we didn't want to go to the Miami Arena anymore. The goddamn hockey game is because in as much as everybody's the lot of money for criminal South, that was to help people who are going on the inside to get them off the streets. Not so they could come congregating around the goddamn arena. When you're running away from the parking lot to the goddamn hockey game, uh, you know, giving your song an advance. If I want a song an advance, I go over to radio city news to call, okay? And see Judy Garland would see your wences. Oh, he's dead crap. God damn it. I missed that last show. He was good. Saw right? Saw that. Five, six, seven, oh, five. He was no time green. But here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, a new. Yes, sir. Listen, I'm thinking. What is it? Okay, call me back. Your mobile sucks. Five, six, seven. We have a bad problem with a phone connections today. And probably because there was a cloud in the sky, you know? Like, yeah, this weekend, the cable by me, medium one, you're a suck. Thank God for my satellite. This isn't. In fact, you're also something I wouldn't have seen time green yesterday. If I didn't have my little dish. If I didn't have my little one, I wouldn't have seen time green in the dish too. Because the cable every time it's not just rain, it wasn't raining. Every time a crow flies over or a goddamn talk of tour, whatever it is, the guy then cable goes up. Medium one, you bite the big one, you keep raising the goddamn rates, jack it up, jack it up. And at the same time, your service blows, blows. Cables out for three hours after they have to known. I watch news or whatever. Turn it again again a nice, it's gone. It's out. Medium one, you blow. Just thought I'd mention that. Okay, in case you don't know that. But that's the way it is when the politicians are reloading out for us. And they grant these monopolies. And if you don't like it too bad, that's why you need to small dish. I'm not going to respond. You have good, it's great. Where I hold side to side, see phrases. And I hold side to you, won't find. That I bought you a brand new razor for the bush to clean your side. I don't want to hurt your seeds. But if you carry all about mine, then just try to trim a little off the side. Bring your huge hair a little with some things and a little less time. Not too far like a hit, but not that far like a dry angle for us. I agree with you, you're cheating, so I can raise it. I don't want to smell a tooth-based. When I'm down between your legs, and it's smelling kind of a game. You could use a black door shake. I'm not trading through the jungle, but far as the brillo that you've got. Cause I feel like I've had a sex with these these times. All right. When you're a huge shake, and a little, you don't need to do that. That's not too far like a hit, but not that far like a dry angle for us. Every time we do it, after I chew it, I think it's too big. I think about another 15, 20 minutes will be real quiet. Like I know like comma, like sound of a comma. Here's a mobile in the Vrlb, chill out. Hey, the old racer. How was your weekend? I was here, so it was real boring. Well, mine was pretty good because the Saturday night I went to that place, a group Chris. Yeah. Excellent, dude. I've never been there. I just went, because I heard a lot about it, but I've talked about it. Excellent. Rive I was great. And as far as the homeless people are, or any way, on any given weekend, you can go to any intersection, and there's these fall clubs, and there's girls, and everybody's on every corner want to go. That's in the daytime. It starts early in the morning. They got there. The car wash people and the vault club people, and the cowanus people, and the busier way, you can go to somewhere for the Viennipoys, choir. And then as the day goes on, it kind of like segways from all of these groups. And as the kids are a little dark around there, the complexion of the people gets a little bit darker. And it's the homeless. I've never seen anyone else, they kicked it all up. You never thought anybody else is a street corner. And now it's like, I think you're just a business now, I don't know. Yeah, it is. That's the American talking way. They have franchises for sale. I mean, I may be getting a good one after this show today. Well, thank you, sir. And a clothing way in your douche bag. Okay, and say hi to our good friends. I forgot to tell you about the waiter, by the way. Speaking of his gross, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Two calls left at a board, and then I'll see what kind of music can we play. Number one for the fourth hour, four weeks on a chart. Number one on the universe. I thought I would mention that for some of the smarty pants. They don't know their music. Here's a mobile and four-loader deal. Hello. Hey, how you doing now? Okay, sir. Listen to this one. Up in New York where you still live. You should be this guy who panhandle. Yeah. Come around five o'clock. You'd see him leaving. Hop over the bridge. You're getting to a brand new Ford Explorer. How do you like that? Well, how do you think he got it? Yeah. What do you say? You know? I'm a lead. I'm a tough man. Crazy. Okay, thanks for the good news. Okay, here's our last call of day. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Whenever somebody comes up to me in the street and asks for money, I'd just look him in the eye and say, no. Once I'm out, I can drive through at the Burger King. There was an elderly man in a wheelchair with one leg missing. And the leg wasn't under the wheelchair. I could see the stuff. So he was panhandling through the line. I figured, geez, let me, let me get this guy something to eat. So I go, I get the guy sandwich and some orange juice, whatever. And I'm like, waving it out the window to him. And he's kind of either he doesn't hear me or he's ignoring me. So I drive out, park in the parking lot, get out of the car, go over to your some food sir. What's this? I don't want this. I said it's food. Don't you want anything to eat? He says, I don't need that crap. Give it to some kid. Ha ha ha ha. All right. Excellent. That's okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. And we'll see you in off a lot of sympathy in this audience for those poor destitute slabs out there. I mean, those wonderful people who are down and out on their luck who bought those franchises. How the hell are they, whoever saw them a franchise is how they're going to stay in business. Unless we start subsidizing a little bit better than this. No sympathy, no empathy, no rock bonus. Here's a mobile in Miami or last call today. Hello. Hello. I don't. Okay, sir. I don't feel for the homeless people. They're still living without money. Okay. But, nothing. Now they had mobile today just a bad technical day all the way around and the day is over and you noticed that the somebody just left and how we were out of cost I don't want you to feel bad about it George don't take it personal JP just left every call on the board is dead First time it about two weeks we've had this That's okay. Wait to hear some of the great music we've got the all cute up for you. Good day I just finished my first week of boot camp Check for the ever imagine I don't know The search says that's what it takes to be a good soldier. Today I learned about the army's new doughman at the hotel policy about homosexual George asked me to bend over I asked why Talk about a dishonorable discharge I'm 41 at five 60 WKM I'll tell you we've got a lively bunch today. We've got about a four five six calls on there just before the break and then everybody But one all went away. You know, I realize it's Monday. I realize you got a really tough busy schedule of it I realized it's a real a hectic active whatever it is But that's the way it goes man. They just don't have time for us. It's not like the old days anymore 560 50560 on a mobile one line here's Davy. Hello Yes, sir Oh, you keep fading in and out the commercials The baby our phone thing is all screwed up today wouldn't surprise me over the weekend We have all kinds of mysterious things that go on Yeah, it's just the tumultuous kept going in and out in and out really anyway just the homeless people story I have to them for you We will come back from a soccer game and we stopped off of this pizza We had a next-to-peat on us over Hmm The stuff and there's this panmark handle over there and we offered him the pizza You know, I don't want the pizzas. I want money. I get plenty of food For money over here right moves in drugs, baby. You can't buy a pizzas. I believe it will and Okay, listen, thanks for the call. Okay, that was our last call today because obviously our phone It's probably mobile song garbled and the phone is cutting in and out. We got no calls anyway, so that's You're lying You Prime it's like Prime it's like now to reach one of my eyelids copy me into exactly like I did try Sitting at messed up with my life is brings that wait trying to get my head straight Can't figure out which place for I want to pregnant me? Dress it Should you a face I should face right do wait I thought like it came out who said to yourself on the shell cheese in the sale got picked off a rip how many is lift off Kiffin said I know silicon was this soft about the crap crash falling the grass That's what I'm about man. It's not that's who fast come here lady. Oh, that's my girl I'm giving them to me to pick off the world My English teacher won the funk me a junior high thanks a lot next semester I'll be 35 smack them in the face lady raise your chasing with a stapler Told me change the grade on the paper walking the strip club a jacket's it up served the bartender walked out with a tip cup Extra terrestrial running over pedestrians Please ship screaming let's be friends. No, the number sent in my life. I was lied to found out my mom does what dope And I do told you I grow up to be a real famous rapper make a record by doing drugs and name it right after You know you'll go up when the women rush a fence try to touch your hands like from screaming. I'll show fans This guy wait cat's my autograph. I get you fuck by the beard. Thanks. I'm supporting I'm not ready to leave a security guy Be carried aside the cemetery and bury the live and my coming to go when I can barely decide Check us in the cool lead be able to drive all my life. I was very depressed in that a woman in years my Process to air the hide close to the top of the incredible hope I've been when I talk I'll do any bitch that walk when I was at least just throw fit and you're gonna Receiving mom you ain't got no tips. Let your waken show us up in the bed Will approve of the time myself in the head I'm seeing the man and by the way when you see my dad It's gonna be bought a portal mega see my ass My I kid y'all like cut little sinkers that little sound becomes right out your sink Want a copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for right little salt about who boom my brain's all gone I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which by the way. I'm gonna fall on Dr. Dreass you'll manage you passed him. Hey. Oh no, what a lot of Man you look well It's age 12 it seems like a always smell like Rip and gas is in tune was pretty swell I got this off when I took my jeans off and fought it so hard to my under was backwards like Chris Crock And every not I'm like all dinner that and caught up my ass passes a fat day to a super smell this honey. Oh Girl, I don't give a god's happy to think the world up My a my a My a my a my a my a my a my a I just see to want to me kicked out back in Julie high The problem was some you problem my ass and die I shot him in the face with my vapor But what's happened later when I covered his desk with use toilet paper walking his trick club my chances will feel The most about tenies took a dozen a kid girl went over to a dad to head up fucking a gong She lifted a leg up and I don't she was a father My mom got all cats and I don't I forgot to be a famous rapper. They were wrapped about three notes made on the crap You know you would do it when the man crushed lead But she was relieved This guy was getting set up pretty cool. But I had to go no drop the kids off and Move my a my a my a my a my a my a my a my a my a my a my a my a my a my a my a my a That's why I feel right now. I said it got up to a pretty decent start Today we've had two smoking sizzling weeks to the middle of the summer That's what happens when you start you start taking things for granted You know I'm saying you start in a little bit too cocky You assume there might be a few people in town which I know they aren't and I'm sitting here now dead as a door nail Dead as a door nail so we can either play Ricky Martin records for the next hour and 11 minutes Which is fine with me love that Ricky Martin you know Or we can maybe get a couple of calls on you, but I doubt it 567560 pound 560 on a mobile one line We've had a full play today baby and you know if it's just it's astonishing to me I must be the only person I must be living in some kind of a an egg lose somewhere in a cocoon This thing with a cops in the underrated took her nobody cares about that the newspapers don't care about it The you know the TV they had it on there for a couple of days. That's the end of that story like that. You know no big deal The fact that these people have been destroying people's lives for years who pick up hookers and You know I'm biscuit and bullet of art and federal highway right any other guy damn place and Plycer there and also the newspapers of course go right along putting the names in the addresses in the goddamn newspaper and destroying people's lives in their careers and every other guy damn That's great And like I said before you know as well as I do that's somebody somewhere knows the names of all these other cops who were coming and going and going and coming and Go to court these you know done in a candle and wherever else this was going on But the only thing we get in the paper over the weekend cop charged and pimping a nice guy He's okay. Not an I bad guy. It's Greg Priest Something really thanks with this story Here's Oakland Park hello yeah, you don't worry. Hey, sir. Hey Have you gone going when those 20 games to share? Oh, yeah, huh? Hey, listen when I work for a time service over in commercial 95 I always see those beggars out on the corners So I just have a stack of cards. I go you want to work here. Here's a card show for work in the morning right You had to see one show up here. I like that. Can you believe I believe it okay you demand okay. Thanks. How do you like that? Well, there's a living proof right there I'm not gonna say because I have full compassion for people who are really homeless But this thing has become a scam and so I hear anything else in America So I call those phony ads you see on TV how to get rich quick like the Carlton Sheets who's full of a whatever his name is full of sheep You ever see that you know how to get rich in real estate you ever sell that information? Oh My god, they send you. Yeah, I said away for a couple years ago I'll admit to be in a sucker. I sent away for the juicer, you know the juicy man there with a deck guy who's 25 But looks 110 he's really only 25 First day I use it it broke it's in a broom closet somewhere Along along with the the video tape and all the phony propaganda from Carlton Sheets about how you're gonna get rich in real estate It's a pile of all of that stuff Here's Miami. Hello But okay great. Thank you so much. I'm so glad you finally came up with some good material here's highly a hello Any I know an actual case here. That's great Hey, let's now just wondering how do you feel about the Gordon Murphy being traded for truck 560 50560 pound 560 on a mobile one line We're not doing hockey talk. Okay. Well give me a Jeff Irmer's home phone number. Okay. We're not doing hockey talk here on a 20th of June I don't feel I feel like I'm relieved the season is finally over. I feel the scusted a Gary Bettman is destroying the greatest sport in the world And he's doing it. I'm totally unmelested on the unimpeded unenhanced by anybody else destroying butchering the game that I love That's how I feel. Okay, sir Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing great. What I'm doing great. Yeah I got my nephew here. I'm working with my nephew. Yeah, he's in a gifted program I want the number those tools police officers that can get them when I look at under each hookers I'm trying to corrupt them a little huh, so on the reality of life. Well, this call of Miami Beach police to help you out Or Miami police or highly a police evidently all the departments in day. Just call anyone in a phone book. Okay. They all know where to go They all know what the directions are 5 670 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line Mobile and Hollywood hello Hello, yes, sir. Yep. Yes, I am you're the greatest. Yes, I am Two weeks ago you did a thing not survival and all these things is about six max I'm going to Michigan or Wisconsin or Mark. Yeah, I think they get you dressed again. I mean, we're all okay. Hold on Give me a dress or not is the case maybe depending on what mood you ran at this point Okay, freedom from religion foundation medicine Wisconsin maybe if Georgia's in a real generous mode Who give you the address or the website or something like that? I want people on the phone Want to have a verbal intercourse, okay? With Neil Rogers. That's what I want right now Not people want phone numbers for some goddamn Gobless organization in Madison, Wisconsin not people I want to tell me some story from four weeks ago or that president like it's got a bad headache or some real old boring news That we heard or asked me some stupid hockey crap about stuff that nobody in his audience cares about Thank God for the time green show, you know it because if it weren't for seeing those two episodes of the time green show on MTV Yesterday between one two o'clock. I'd really be in a surly mood Because I made a bad bad judgment. I stayed here this weekend and believe me when you stay here over the weekend Oh my god you're sit there and you not only think about watching paint dry You actually watch it you sniff it you watch it in the paint too God almighty. Oh, yeah, but we got all these golf courses. Yeah, that's right. I rest my case See I learned something very interesting couple weeks ago I'm just showing that is unless you play golf or it's a very least watch golf on TV and unless you have a serious gambling problem Unless you have hopefully both of the above you're not crap. Okay. Can't be a real man in South Florida Unless you have a real serious compulsive gambling problem like you know Most of the people listen to the other 20 hours on his radio station I listen what are your thoughts on that only out-to-state which is top game? You know Here's more waterdale, huh? Hey Neil, how you doing today? Okay, sir. That's good. I was doing magnificent until about 20 minutes ago Now I feel like blowing my brains out. I'm somebody else's it's a tough market Anyways, I was just saying also what these panhandlers going around town I used to work at a pet store at at the swap shop about six seven years ago Yeah, and we've been getting into work about five thirty six a.m. and you see a ball Scrag when you come and down from whatever they're on or whatever and we offer them Well, we got a whole truckload of rot iron cages, you know I'm skilled labor. Okay, you're 70 bucks for 45 hours worth of work. I told me he could do you could do that Between like eight and nine the morning. Yeah, you would pass up our offer. There you go. So I mean It's it's like I said I'm getting me a franchise myself I'm gonna do the one and two are out there on a street code I'm going out. I'm gonna knock this Furacan guy out of here that's the Pettlin is do newspapers I'm knocking his ass off the corner. I'm taking over between one and two today That's great. No, all right. That's all my material. You have a great deal The best deal. I would have a great deal. Okay. So how to person 10. Thank you. Okay That's a swap shop. Don't get me started on a goddamn swap shop, okay, and person in his hand and that's your of Nick That they want a million dollars in Vegas like I said before if you believed in God and you saw that happening just still believe in God Then you need serious psychological help, okay Because if God was paying any attention, which he usually is looking in the wrong place, okay? He's usually watching over some horse racer golf tournament or some ball game But if he were paying any oh and by the way Speaking of ball games because I noticed there's a big thing again They're trying to like rehab Lawrence Phillips image what a great guy He wasn't ever stole a freight train or killed anybody but close Yeah, during my channel serving yesterday I'm coming across this worldly of whatever they call it the European National Football League whatever they're calling that crap over there Barcial owner is playing Amsterdam And by the way Lawrence was pretty really a pissed off because the team from Amsterdam didn't bring the good stuff They left it behind but at any rate So they're making a big deal out of this and they're putting it there on TV because they now got nothing else to fill the time And it must be an NFL contract. They got to put that crap under and they kept showing these low shots You know and I kept wondering how come we don't see like even the lower part of the stand Finally somebody must have slipped there weren't 2000 it made it made the Marlin games look crowded by comparison. That's what kind of a crowd there That's how much interest there is in Europe for the god damn national football league But just keep hyping and making it up and starting more and more leagues and women soccer and women the WNBA and Miami That's gonna go over for you Bullbyke basketball gonna go over gigantic 1257 at 5.50 WQM You want to calm down you don't get a little bit hyper myself. I could use one of those predominant reserves Maybe one of those Cuban All of my mouth right now. Those are pretty damn good. You know it's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenal I'm Fox from a people who brought you in animals get plastic and world scariest overreeding episodes It's a series even more horrible and graphic I'm gonna get Kids wolf go to bed When kids won't gonna bed shows you all the Kids won't go to bed takes you behind the bedroom walls to witness all the Park crying And when kids won't go to bed there's lots of bargaining too Hey, but I right after World's most grudge to it as violence only on Fox It's a minute after one at 5.60 WQM. Headgover will be here at two or sooner if he wants if head wants to come on early If he's over there, it's too much already would be glad to give him like you know 30 40 50 five minutes of this show today I mean, I'm not in personal, but you know and then of course it's just a clock We got talk at baseball with Donny B who thinks that Christine and Morris is a genius and then we got the upper game of 60 to Marlins in the midst Any interest besides the Metz fans and oh games and I had that 40 series. They had one two and a row no 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T line Here's North Miami. Hello Hello Neil God. Yes, sir. Yes. I got two great panhandlers of the year for you I've got my Jamaican buddy down on 57th Avenue of the Palmezzo. I gave him a bow a join or two every time I see Yeah, he takes it right up and never asked any questions. He takes it right up the one And then we've got a guy named Bob He fluctuates. He's either on commercial and 95 he has a sign and he doesn't pull crap anybody He says why lie. I want a beer there you go and that's my Right out there in the line don't be asked to public time you want a guy to your thirsty It's 100 degrees in the shade that's why I used to when I see guys and they don't in the line I'm the sign if you want a beer and if they tell me I'll go a bucket or two yeah I don't know Sandy kept guys. You know the ones that have the sign I give my left leg for a beer Like that many of the dogs. Oh, Jesus. I want to think I have the beer I have a shaman for questions. Yes, sir. I have hard decks followed by George's bonnet Okay, thank you at least half of the above have a great day sir now they want long hits to see you've got a Mccadition all this crap okay. I'll get a carter's left one. You're gonna add it here. It's on a wrong thing there. Okay. It's on four is it It wasn't even worth it 567. Oh, I think it is yeah, but it's more this could more time See you better learn from a master okay that killed the next 20 seconds do that and it made me look like a vulnerable and inept which today I have been all day by the way Of course now that what's the name is gone? 567. Oh five 60 how soon they forget how soon they forget? Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. I'm here new from St. Louis for the past two weeks. Well, I'm so sorry I apologize. I love your show. Of course. And I think going here by the way is this young Right? Oh, it's not true. It is. You want to find any life for this town. You like to last me back as you came to the right place Well, I had good experiences with panhandlers and St. Louis. Really? Yeah, I gave a guy a bunch of coats out of my trunk one time I didn't have any money. He was well appreciative. Another time I was with the gas station and and the guy said can I pump your gas? Can I wash your windshield? Can I do anything? I'm like no, no. Here you go, but get something to eat. Yeah, no big deal But as a new person and South Florida and a single woman And what would you recommend? I'm I'm a bleeding heart liberal. All right. I recommend for one. Should I you know give these guys anything or should I run away? No, I'm like a son of a bitch Okay, this ain't St. Louis sweetheart. I know it's not this is Miami. Okay. I will I will take your advice. Trust me. I don't want to sound calcine and different, but I'm uh, calcine and different at this Okay, well, thanks for the advice, Neil. Okay, good luck. Dude, aren't you not packed too soon? Okay, you'll hate it. But I lost you from St. Louis. You might actually like it. What a horrible place. Oh, god See when it's hot and St. Louis man you can't even breathe it's like that real real high humidity that makes it seem like mild here by comparison But at least they got the good panhandlers and St. Louis 560 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile and pombie. Chillow You son of a bitch. Oh, that was so you know, you know, signing hit a work that up from his from his uh, calcine bag or wherever it came from from his back. Yeah, that was very good. I liked that I'm glad that I gave you the extra time to work that up from deep down in your balls. Okay. That was uh You son of a bitch. Yeah, I'm scale of oh, two. I give you about a minus 400 567. Oh, I'm gonna play Ricky Martin music. I'm telling you right now. You guys are got your run dry. You got nothing I threw out 6,000 different things here today Forget it. Hope was Here's my me lake, Cello. Yeah, good afternoon sir. Thank god I stumbled across time you yesterday that killed an hour Yes, sir. Yeah, I mean, man. Yeah, you're laughing like crazy early when you're talking about He thought on television people at sell these products. Yeah. You try to get your rich like All crap. It's all crap. I was a bit of a sucker than anybody. I got a closet full of crap There's one person. I don't know if you've seen them. He's a young guy They constantly have a close up of a space and he's his his gig is trying to get rich off of Personal ads in the newspaper. Oh, yeah, right. How to minimize that try to do that didn't make a dime right Dying didn't make well, how do you think this guy really got rich you got rich off suckers like your friend That's an infrared crap Right if these if these people really got rich It's a real estate from putting ads in the paper. They wouldn't be on their on these informers So I'm trying to pet you a bit of bill of goods. Yeah, absolutely This is a last but not least I'm I like to have a request I think I think you're gonna give me the request because I look a little bit like your favorite guy Malcolm. Yeah On your favorite. Yeah, sure. That's what they always say Be probably look more like Malcolm X Absolutely not the one You haven't played this one the while it's a point tonight. Well, I'm not the crap out of my excellent choice Sure, thank have a great day. That's good. What's our call electric the crap? It's a not for no I got it. I got it just because it's your first day back don't start acting so well I don't know if it's for real or Yeah, it starts out like that if it's for real or what if you really forgot or if you're just a killing time I'm today, you know, I'm I'm out of it I'm out of a bad move. I apologize to myself for a cute pro for a few so I can't even see it Man what's going on here when the good drugs coming in goddamn it Jesus Christ Boy 560 560 560 well, I'll be honest with you. Okay, the middle of the goddamn summer There's nobody in town. We don't want to be here. We're pissed off You know and you're probably all pissed off and you know who else I'm pissed off is this guy damn John penis I am so sick of tear to cover this guy's Back man And what a pussy was to he sitting there through there Friday when I had my blood drawn for that Allergie test which supposedly we're getting a results tomorrow. I think you're gonna find out I'm allergic to him This man he wouldn't give you a new piece of copy if you held a goddamn gun to me Come on penis. Let's get with it Christ this guy and just cuz Todd wreck is the way I'm jury dude is a that makes penis public enemy number one in the building today haven't even seen his ass I mean this guy talking I mean you see it's one thing I made the the fatal error when I came on a year about three months And when I said like like you know like guilty Tommy the lesson about I don't give a sh** that was the worst mistake you would ever say in this place Because even when you say you do give a crap then you know maybe you can squeeze a little something out of them But as soon as you say I don't give a sh** then you're finished There is no chance they're gonna service the clients they're gonna get you any copy They're gonna do any of these things that are apart of the broadcasting business No chance And so as a result I'm sitting here like you know and I remember when I first came here And I wondered how come these other guys that work? They put all their all their lives spots on tape remember that now I understand I want to apologize to Hank and Joe and Beful and all the other guys Because when they expected to keep doing the same thing and they give you stuff that's four months old Who now would want to keep doing that every day? Oh my god John penis you're you're killing me man. You're destroying me You're butchering me you're killing I'm gonna have him take it off of this show Then I'll have to go on find out what real selling is all about maybe you can sell some marlin spots But I doubt it. Are you selling your home or looking to button? Yeah, there you go. Let's play some goddamn tapes It's freaking John penis people are ice-hole You I'm flying a cup of ice, I guess you don't need no shambu I'm gonna turn it off, turn it off, kick the shit out of you I'm gonna turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off Like a name, or run my break a leg yeah, if me I would give me the tune Would be I'd kick the shit out of you So they perished, they seized crazed, out of mouth like a cat Just down my A-singy, they know can't hear of the tune Oh, it's me I'd kick the shit out of you One with this guy who was blowing, you know what you're doing right there? I got no, kick the shit out of you Oh, I'd kick the shit out of you I'm not back thinking, I'm not that old and I already know about it Stories about this guy in the NHL and the minor league, I was stop already Stop wasting our facts paper How many people, how many trees had to be chopped down to make the paper that you're wasting and wasting and wasting With these old tired stories like they got a call before about able to look at a headache So Barton West Palm Facts is a man flots down on a subway seat next to a priest The man's what is that I see now see again You can't read the whole thing because he's got a chopped off on the end There's nothing worth them, what's chopped off on the end The man's This stain Well, that opens up all kinds of possibilities His face is smeared with red lipstick And half empty bottle of gin is sticking out of his coat pocket The open's a newspaper begins reading after a few minutes the guy turns to the priest and asks Say, Father, what causes arthritis Loosed living cheap wicked women and too much alcohol and contempt for your fellow man I'll be damned the drunk mutters returning to his paper The priest thinking about what he said, not just the man and apologizes I'm very sorry. I didn't need to be so harsh. How long have you been hit arthritis? Oh, I don't have it father. He said just here in the paper that the Pope does Oh Oh, there you go. Nice going Bart. It was Paul. Excellent reading too. By the way. Thank you That's okay 560560 pound 560. So anyway speaking of since I'm going to get myself worked up again Here where I shouldn't do Would John penis and his sales department So it just so happens this morning that I'm going out to take a leak and I come back in around here before the show And who do I bump into in the hall one of our 48 sales managers rate Perry? How do you like that? Yeah? Who I haven't seen in months? And he says now he says to me something like you would say it to a relative. They haven't seen in about three or four years. How you been? Do you know what I'm saying? That's the kind of thing you'd say to somebody you haven't seen And like seven or eight years. Oh, Joe, how you been? I said great and he just sounded right out the door often and never never learned never to be seen again Is this the same rate Perry that came to us downstairs? Meaning downstairs had to be like in January or February When he became the 84th sales manager on the staff here and gave me a big song in advance in the dog and pony show is that the same rate Perry Oh, and he's going to be in every Tuesday morning and we're going to take care of this copy And we're going to get these sales people right now and yada yada is that the same rate Perry? Oh, yeah Since we moved up into this studio on the third floor up here, which is back in March sometime I have seen him before today one other time That's today he brought the Marlins tickets in here before the beginning of the season, which was before April 1st because that was the opening of the season So had to be right right around the end of March This is only the 28th of June. Oh, this is our superior sales manager that's somewhere along the line It's supposed to be involved in this program and the people selling spots on this program. Is it only thanks? Huh? I just mentioned that in passing How is it possible? How is it possible? And then you wonder why Greg Reed is so paranoid when he reached about this fan of the station that's going on here on 1700 That nobody can pick up on your radio and he's still peeing in his pants and running around on a lawsuit. Oh, yeah, like stuff like that This is one of the great wonders of the world this place. It's a miracle that we can even get the door open in the morning I don't give a shit. Of course yours came back from vacation. It couldn't get the door open this morning, but that's beside the point ten minutes to get into the in the work We were trying to send a message there, but he didn't get there Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. That's why I watched his name at home. Mobile in Miami. Hello Hello, no. Yes, sir. Hey, I heard some news that you'd probably be good with But I'll talk about it with Yeah, about the the the cop and the prostitution ring. Yeah, I hear some of your buddies with the Miami shores police are implicated It too. I have buddies in the Miami shores police. Yeah, you mean the ones that used to hang out there by the venues or whatever that was the Howard Johnson? Especially the one with the shave legs. The one with the shave nuts. Okay, thanks for the good news. Yeah, Miami shores police remember to use to wait there with a speech rest in the wait to be on a way by forgotten all about that Thank you for my hello, sir. I understand there isn't a police force in date counted. They don't have maybe at least a 20 or 30 guys on the list Screwing around with these miners down there, but like I said before wouldn't be nearly so bad if word for this hypocritical thing You know, bubble up their washing and he gets my you know, he's messing around with his bimble, but at least he's You would 20 what or do at the time. Here's the 16 year old euro and not only are they screwing around with her, but they're also setting up in business Well, at least they're gonna make sure she don't go hungry anyway, so to speak. Yeah, her mouth is always full 567.0560. 560. On the AT&T wireless line Like around here, we got a lot of people there mouth is always full scrap Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello Mobile in Kendall. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. First of all, me a poll judge who's switching the stamp on from digital to analog. It sounds like crap No, it sounds fine. No, oh, on your own. Well, we don't care about it. Sounds good. I've got two things on my plate the first. I have a small satellite dish. Yeah, it's the prime star And every time it gets cloudy outside of it rains the signal breaks up and goes away Yeah, that happened to you. No, with the right TV. I mean, maybe, maybe three or four or five times You might happen for a couple of minutes here a minute or two there, but generally speaking, no problem with the RCA with direct TV Direct TV, but prime stars, so maybe I guess things will change. Well, that's not going to change the hardware you got though They're going to come in and change it. Oh, they are. Yeah, more your luck. I've had very little trouble not on a very little trouble The small dish. Now the cable on the other hand, like including this weekend, like I said before, maybe you won every time a pigeon flies over the acres The cable goes out for least two hours. I've got I've got cable in the dish just figuring that if I didn't do both I'm going to get screwed one side by the other, if nobody really gives a crap right and well, you got good news anyway, direct TV is excellent Yeah, I'm sitting and watching paper view yesterday and all of a sudden five minutes in, I hear a thunder crack and then the signal breaks And you're paying for it. Right. Well, I call them today and they told me that when I get bill, I can call them and they'll go ahead and credit it But of course, if you call the cable company and said that we lost the cable for hours this weekend, they say, oh, sorry. I can't do that Right. They probably have some fine friends and the original contract that likes you the other thing is years and years ago back on 940, you used to play something that you then couldn't play when you moved along and that was walked with an erection Yeah, I don't have it. I can't play it, but I don't have it There was a whole series really good ones that came during that period, no pun intended Just haven't heard no long time and a lot of these other things people are asking for, it's like really Ponderous beyond ponderous. Yeah, I agree. So you just hear the same crap. Oh, no, if I left it up to the audience I'd have been out of business a long time ago, yeah Okay, every day sir never change power. Okay. God bless you. I'm not changing. I'm too old. Okay to change my God in spots 560, 560, pump 560 on the AT&T line. Let me shit again. Hey, rate period for listening. How you been, right? How have you been treating ya since we started last about 200 years ago before my thus always a guy named in finna? What a joke man. I'm going to tell you this is it's just so unbelievable and I see I'm getting started back on it again That's very bad. How can I be regressing like this? This is very bad. I've been doing so great since I said I don't give a shit since guilty showed me the light in the way and the truth Here's Miami. Hello Miami 18 minutes 24 seconds later and they're gone. Oh my God. What a great investment of 20 minutes that was nice going sir By the way, he's back to his feet corner now 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. They're reaching their stretch and they can't get it. Here's plantation. Hello Hi, Neil. Yes sir. Well, we calculate here. God bless you I'm going to say something about it. Exactly. You're welcome. Yeah, let's try to lock the egg of what the methods cities do like What does that mean? Well, I'm going to Chicago two weeks. Haven't been there. Great city Right, sir. You have to do nothing like down here. No, there's more to do in Chicago in five minutes and there is to do here in ten years Okay, I'll try to Chicago and that's talking about a bona vacation and December. Where should I go? What does that mean? You're going to vacation. You're going to go. How do I know where you should go? I mean don't you have a life? I want to go doesn't mean that's where you're going to want to go. Exactly. I've been to Amsterdam and I've been to Europe. I've really haven't traveled in the US and I'm looking for something a little different You in the US? Yes. Vegas and that's a Chicago. You only place in the US. You never want to dream a go and do Especially in December. Do you remember you're going to want to travel in the US? Unfortunately. How about clear water? That sounds good. It might be a warm there, but I doubt it might be kind of chilly to be on. I mean, forget about go to the US. How about I don't know? Somewhere where the average egg is under 80. Yeah. Okay. Good luck, pal. Get that life manual out. Okay. And Neil, we're going to Vegas. Is there any good restaurants there? Is there a place we can get a good hamburger real quick in between losing our ass? Oh, geez. You see what being here so long does to all these poor people. I mean, this guy's not like a reasonable guy, but he's a lifeless at this point. Yeah. In fact, he lives in plantation. If you want to find where his house is, I mean, he's going to drive around for a few minutes. And just look for the house. It's got the big sign painted on the side that says, I have no life. That's him. I feel bad for him because the guy, you know, till he came here he was okay. He's in search of life like so many people in his God for a second place, especially at this time of the year. How can an area metropolitan area, 4 million people still be a seasonal town. You know, like like bum fork north of Cota, how can this be a seasonal town? With 4 million people allegedly living here. Does that tell you what you need to know about it? Oh, you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to go to the hardware store. On the way home, I am. And I'm going to get a gallon of paint. And I'm going to mix it all up. And then I'm going to like, I'm going to find like give a piece of cardboard out from the garage. And I'm going to paint it. And I'm going to sit around the rest of the week watching paint dry. What would he laugh about? And sniff it a little bit. Not too close. So all you kid does there. Don't be sniffed painted, little or stuff like that. At least not close range. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to get some funky color. Not just you ordinary like white or you know, like some, glossy, uh, sheen some sheenie gloss. Like maybe from the sheenie elves. 127 at 560 WCM even Georgia's allergies act and I'm beginning to knees and up the store. I'm telling you it's this place. Oh, it's here. I don't get it right. I've got it. Oh, it's all jeans. Here. I don't know. I don't know. So there is a piece of paint out of my house. All my friends think I'm done. And it's a great day for all the small things. There's a small thing. I love all the things. That's all. And in my shaving green, so I left it on my face. I went to work. I looked like a jerk and I was fired in the spring. Drive in the home. I was all alone. I think it's something's playing tricks on me. But in the rear, you will mirror. I could see changes. There is back at me. I saw a cheatses. I was like, oh, oh, oh, oh. I saw a real ball. I thought so. There ain't a piece. Oh, my friends think I'm done. And there is a ball. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm just going to get the ball. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I saw him on the side of the top. Oh, and there's a little snap on my top. I saw him in a folding fidgeting in the side of the slushed star. Yes, I saw him in the phone. Oh, I love all the stuff. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I saw him on the door and the feet in my heart. All my friends think I'm done. Downwind to mid-day far. All the time, I saw the feet in my heart. All the love! All the love! Okay, that's our first question. We'll give a stick to the heart of our starting homeless person on a free corner. It's 134-560WQAM. 560-50560, on the AT&T Wireless One. By the way, anybody know how Ray Perry's doing these days? Here's Palm Beach, hello. I'm wondering about the food allergy test that you're going to be taking. Yes. Well, number one, I got a friend who took one for weight loss and I'm wondering if it's the same one. Go ahead and need it for weight loss. I mean, a food allergy test is a food allergy test. Period. Well, I don't know because, well, I don't know. You know, that's kind of what I wanted to talk to you about. What food allergy test you're doing? I don't know. The name of it. I haven't had the information right in front of me, but it's a clinic here. This is the big thing now where they come and take your blood. And they test you for allergies to like hundreds of different things. And sometimes it does have to do with weight loss or allergies or a bunch of other different things. Why are you doing it? What do you mean why am I doing it? Because it's a weight loss part of partly, yeah. Partly. That's what I'm looking at. There's a few, actually. And I've heard different things from each different source about it. Not got a friend who did one. Lost a bunch of weight from a leap. I think it's called Leap Clinic in Boga. And then I had a friend who did an alcat test. That's just one alcat right. You're doing the alcat right. And he said that he didn't believe it. When he looked, I saw his test results and it looked like everything that he was eating. Right. He was allergic to it. So that sounds promising. They're coming tomorrow with the results. So I'll let you know if it's a bunch of crap or if it seems reasonable. Okay. Great. Okay. I don't know. The reason I'm doing it by the way he asked me. I guess if it'll help with weight loss fine all the way down it. But the John penis asked me what I do. This need brought me a bunch of liver turned propaganda and a book in there. Blu right. I said, okay. I don't know. I'm not some kind of a pansy like John penis. It gets all panicky and starts to pass out every time I get my blood drawn. What's a big deal with that? But of course, you know, now that I'm seeing away John penis is refusing to the service that he was accounts, I'm beginning to really seriously doubt whether even if it is something real good. I'm going to, you know, take it on his response or and put it on the ear. Even if I think it's fantastic because, you know, John penis is just a slack and off. He's what he's doing. Okay. I mean, we got one guy and sales back there. I don't want to mention one name. Oh, we have it our big instrument. He seems to be whackin' off and we got one guy who's slackin' off and, you know, Ray Perry, where we time I see these backing off. Okay. So what the hell kind of a joint is this anyway? 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18. Don't take any crap from book a brand, by the way. Because the first bit on the new satellite comedy disc I just want you to know. Yeah. Right on the box. So I'll listen to all of his, I'm starving. I'm going to do a little bit of my host to it. I've been keeping his bastard alive for the last year and a half. We're doing his triple dipping and quadruple dipping. Even how we're Johnson's in over saw so much guy damn dipping. Even if the skinny dip and pool's in over saw so much double and triple and quadruple dipping as this guy's doing. I don't know what am I gonna do. He ought to be sunny, Coralione, Jr. Okay. Bring back Almar Almar, Marlon Brand or the slapman on the side of the face one time. Okay. Give him a good whack. There you go. Be a man and quit with a bull crap. Okay, Brian. You would be your, your, your bad. You really are a genius but a real piece of crap. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I'm going to Orlando. Any good places. Yeah. And there's a one of the places where they got this funny looking clown with ears on. I mean, what's with these stupid? How do people get through the day? I feel when somebody calls up and adult. Not some kind of an infant. But at the adult calls, I'm going like, Where should I go on vacation in December? I mean, you know, how about the North Pole sounds good? Really? I mean, you know, I can't, you don't hang up on. So don't don't take any more of those calls please. Okay. Thanks. He said, did you say I ought to hang up? I think that's what he said. I just did. Thank you. Do let me worry about when to hang up. You know, don't, don't start orchestrating the show. I mean, you handle the orchestration. Okay. Like Mitch Miller. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm going to start bringing back those great guests. So I'm going to put dog crap on a microphone. No, I'm going to guess Mike. That'll be good. Yeah. We're going to get Tom Green on the show. It gets time to sit over there. It will put 20 pounds of cow crap on top of the mic. And see how he likes it this time. Oh, actually he was holding in these people's puts. So I guess he don't mind it. I guess if he's going to eat all that hair and vastly like he was doing on that second show yesterday, he don't mind anything. Doesn't. Tom Green showing MTV, baby. Oh, Green for Emperor. That's what I say. Find the discover the guy that's funny. My people are Jim and my five folks. They get involved. They're involved. They get not beat now. We have to force them down. I love the three sensations of strangers on my body. It's like under what they're charged. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I've been done. I have been, I've been done, it ain't been done any good, I can't you can move this mission. It's not that bad on. Are you ready to get through the strong and the strong? It's the law. It's the power of you. This is your, this guy. But on the surface, this round of half. In that round half, I'm not in the middle of a small half. I like that guy. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. It was you, you won't you. It's you that's done. You're my goal. I've got you. I've got you. When I did so, you won't. I could say, I found a new instinct. I like to wear a trend. I'm a sexist, I love it. I know I'm a sexist, I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I know I'm a sexist, I love it. It's not that bad on the surface, I love it. Okay, Vulcan Brian wins. Ow! Hands down. Okay, five, six, and now what is this? I'm sitting and watching these things pop off, pop off, even Jeff Popo, which you do with Amazon Burst by your behavior. Okay, Chris, there we are busy in all its Monday in the middle of the summertime. We are at South Florida. They're busy, right? No. 270, 560, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, are you doing? Okay. I'm the first time calling Carl Springs. All right. My name's Chuck, my son Dan turned me on to you. Well, great. Nice going, Dan. Yeah, he's only 13. He's been listening for, I don't know how long, but I got a week to go. I started listening. I never listened to him. I'm going to play that. Hey, I got to say is you kick ass from how it's starting. All right. You do. And have a great life. You too. Okay, nice going there. Dan, Dan, 13 years old, had to turn dad on to the show because dad, no, dummy, he don't listen to A.M. What person with a brain, what listen to A.M? Anybody, we know? No, unless they turn on this show. Unless they had to go out of their way to turn on their show. So what chances is that give to a laugh in 17 number? They got any chance? No, no, none. You know what I'm saying? I must be. By, you know, 567, 567, 0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Well, by the way, Ricky Martin is in the building. He's next door, pound 96 if any girls out there want to come get his autograph. He'll be out there in a parking lot right after the show. Here's Davey. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I think your listeners will find this pretty interesting. Yeah. I'm sure all mankind will agree that Thomas Edison is the most important event of this in any century. No. No, okay. But in a book, it's called What Great Men Think of a Lange. I say Ron Poe, Peel, probably. Yeah, in a book called What Great Men Think of a Lange. Yeah. He gave his answer to what he sort of religion. In one word. Yeah. Funk. Right. And then you want to doubt? Well, they asked him what kind of bed you like to sleep in time. 567, 0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, come on already. Well, yeah. Jesus Christ. See you thought the corner we're telling. I wanted to see an end reports. The weed grows telling. I went to Brasca. It grows naturally. Just Neil have to play. Just grows. I mean, it's just a crop. It just grows like wildfire. Like a weed if you part that expression. Someone called earlier I'm supposed to tell you that that's it's weed. It doesn't really work. It doesn't get you off. I listen. I'm not going to start getting into a whole big, uh, oh, it is. Like I said, forget about going to Iowa and Nebraska. It sucks there, okay. Just stay right here and little Jamaica line. Yeah. Get the good crap. And of course, if a word legalizer to criminalize anyone have to worry about what kind of crap is in. You're buying out on the street like you do here all over the US and worrying about looking over your shoulder because you're committing a criminal act. A crime against nature no doubt. Well, look at the mail come pouring in here today. The junk mail. Just pouring in must be because George was off last week. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Desperate Monday boy. See you spoil me two great weeks and we'll even last two Mondays have been barnburned. Oh, actually pretended they had some material. Made up for today though. Here's Jupiter. Hello. Jupiter, yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Grab. I don't know even if you watched the today show. I hate the day show. This morning was hilarious, but you know how they have outside the people who are talking about Henry Porn on this. Two guys, why don't you get married? It was hilarious. El Roker looks like he was going to die. But somebody told me his face turned red, but it was hard to tell. Edith and Doug in the bunk. Okay. Yeah, they had two guys on it. They were asking, you know, what anybody else liked to propose and one guy proposed to another one. Of course, maybe they just finished it to the gate price. See they picked it bad day because they're all hanging around from Pride weekend where they had a million people in Toronto by the way for the biggest celebration of the in North America. And Ricky Martin just happened to be up there at the same time. Just a coincidence, of course. 400 open lines, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond 5, 60 on the AT&T line. It's 11 before two. Hank will be here at two or like I said, if he wants a few extra minutes today, we're more than pleased to turn it over to him right now, right after the break.