Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Latterdale presents the Neil Rogers The content Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Rower and or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest Why can't you answer? They're really reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the feasly broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-VQAM This station stands for nothing. What a joke. What an embarrassment. Who the f*** is that? They're just a bit busy. Out of the rageous. And after they've made the York City, God willing, they'll rewonder, don't let it see down. And she will find my heart, They'll vote her, they'll pick the way. We're going to the corner. Well, you've gone all along, That can start with just one, And you're in an hour, And she had to decide, if you think it's fine, You think it was a real structure to tell us But that's the economy you're making, Because you took it first of both. You'll know that I'd say, You should make a ring with a pun, Run, run, There's a golden delicate bill, Way to run, And the gold is a gold. Yes, you will, You'll know, Run, run, There's a golden delicate bill, Can I want to say 50 WQAM happy Tuesday, too? Boy, we got the semesters to say. First of all, I've got to say people, You're still an asshole. The inside word is that this inside facts that we got yesterday, The memo from Stupatok that it was a set up job, That they sent it over to us, So that I would read it on the ear. Well, guess what? I hate to break the news to you, Pete. It was in the newspaper. How do you like that? In addition to which we had to fill a hungry thing here on Friday? Are you sure? Yeah, before anybody else, including all your people inside the building. So you can laugh over there, All you want, Pete, you sweetie, But the fact is, Everybody else is laughing up their ass. At the tremendous amount of local talent you're putting on here, All the big winners, like Jim Oron. You know, I talked to 600 sports nerd since I left here yesterday. And every single one of them said, You know, Jim Oron, He's an asshole. He blows. Blows. He's the Steve Kane of Sports Talk Radio. Condescent word can drive controversy. Screaming and yelling and caring on. About nothing. I got a great idea for you, Pete. In fact, if you really want to compete here's the deal. Since you put an audio magazine on basketball, Why not just play the Phil Henry tapes eight times a day? Huh? Eight times three? That looks like 24 hours to me. There you go! Shouldn't have given him that idea. Much has happened. You know? Oh, God. So before I go and keep going here, I won't be talking about all day today. And I do mean all day. This is one of the most bizarre. And of course, it came from a very bizarre guy. Peter Leonard. You know Peter Leonard? Yeah. We all know Peter Leonard. One of our sales holes, by the way, If you don't know who he is, Who skin looks like shoe leather on a bad day. Who looks like a cigar store Indian that's been out in the sun for 6,000 years? A certifiable crazy person. Peter Leonard from our QAM sales department. So I'm in here this morning. I've talked with our program director, Bluff Lindsey, on loading five million ideas on him. I'm loading lots and lots of sputum. I guess it'd be a good way to put it after a psychotic day yesterday. And Peter Leonard walks in there. Hey, what's going on? Let's do it with that usual psychotic obnoxious disgusting approach of his. That's just part of his obnoxious disgusting personality. And put it on the rope down on the counter over here to my right. Well, as I'm talking to Bluff, I open up the envelope not having any idea what's inside. And I see there's a letter and there's also a photograph. There's a picture of Peter's two young kids. Maggie and Max. I'm going to read the letter on the air for the because I don't want to embarrass a potential sponsor. I won't read the name of the sponsor on the air, but this will give you an idea of what it's all about here at QAM. This is, I'm saving this for my crap book. I will never, ever let this out of my sight. And what have I told you? Error, every single day of my life that I come in here. I see and experience things that nobody in the radio business has ever dreamed of. Much less experience before has ever dreamed could possibly happen. Have you ever seen a letter like this? No. I've been showed it to some of the other salespeople and they looked at it and went, Eeeeh! Like that. Here's what the letter from Peter letter says. And keep in mind, here's a picture of his two young kids. In with a letter. Dear Uncle Neal, how are you? We need to like your radio show. Our daddy says that you are funny. Our mommy thinks you're vulgar, but she's stupid and typical bitch. Anyway, Uncle Neal, our dad was having a nightmare last night, and we heard him crying and pleading in his sleep. He mentioned your name in regards to seeing the, a count. Daddy was saying something about losing a lot of commission. If you don't visit the guy's store for five minutes, we don't know what commission is, but mommy says that daddy doesn't get laid without it. As a matter of fact, we don't know what laden means either, but we think it's a good thing. Would you please go see the store just once? No. Daddy said he would get a limo to pick you up and bring you back. No. Because you'll have a lot of free products to take home. The guy will sign an annual deal of $250 a spot, plus a $25 talent fee for you. $125 a week times, 52 weeks is a lot of shackles. Plus it'll get mommy's off daddy's back and under hers. Let us know if you're willing to do this. No. Our dad is no Todd Dreck, but he's a good guy, and we'll kiss you as forever if you do this one favor. No. Again, $6500 in your pocket. And $3. Enough stuff. A limo ride up to Boca in fact and a couple of new best friends. Us. Thank you Uncle Neal, Love, Maggie, and Max Leonard. No. No. No. No. No. One more time. No. Thank you. No chance. I don't go to Boca to see clients. Especially when a client's a client who's selling stuff in a box, in a can, un-shelves. Do you know what I'm saying? You follow what I'm talking about? I don't know. I don't get in limo as to go to Boko. I don't get in my car to go to, I certainly wouldn't get in Peter Leonard's car to go anyway. I would get in Peter Leonard's car to go from here to Chuck's sub to Cross the Street. God forbid. No thanks. No thank you. This is the most psychotic neurotic letter. Even the hate mail even all of stuff that comes in the fax machine all the years that I've been on here. Nothing even comes close to this. This is the work of a truly delusional human being. Crazy person. But you know something? We specialize in crazy people around here at QM. That's our specialty. That's what this place is all about. Crazy people. You know, I pointed this before. Air-replace you'll work. I know you'll lot of you out there. Most of you work for a living. And anywhere you work, there's always you know, one, two, three. Some eccentric people, bizarre people, some assholes. People are just, you know, you look at them and you just think, you know, like, when you were near them. No matter where you work, that's part of life. But in this place, we've got a whole team of them. Maybe because we're the sports station, we have like enough to fill out. And we're not talking about baseball tapes. We're talking about football teams. We're a bizarre, weird, strange, unacceptable people. Subhuman assholes. And of course there would be those people to say, well, maybe it's you, Neil. I don't think so. Because I've worked in too many other places with too many different people. I've got along with most of them. Some of them like me, some of them were in different, some of them hated me like poison. But got along with most of them. Spoke to most of them. Spoke to virtually all of them. But in this building, as time goes on, it's now a couple of days. October one will be two, two years. It almost every week that goes by, I'm finding my list is growing. I don't even want to see again. I don't want to speak to. By the way, great show yesterday. Roy. I stopped hand, Humper. I was great yesterday. Only as I was listening to hand, I discovered a whole lot more things about this. OJ business that I was even aware of. And the theme was coming out of my ears as I heard more and more about this crap. That we work inside no matter what it is that we bring into this place, ratings, money, whatever it means for nothing. It accounts for nothing. Because again, if you're not part of the first and five, then you don't count for anything in this place. I've told you that for a long time, people, they're, oh, I need to answer his funny. Now, at fairytzidia, not a joke. It's true. You could be on here with a 90-year bringing in $20 million a revenue every year. And unless you want to participate in the sandbox with Greg and his buddies, you're an asshole. You're a problem, you're a piece of crap. But it's especially heartwarming to me to know that our sales manager, who quite frankly doesn't tell us much about anything that has to do with sales. But our sales manager is now involved in a promotions department. Is that is she promoting anybody on the ear here? No. No, me. No. It can't be. No. No. No. She's the conduit to the media to make sure they got up to the golf tournament on Friday to see OJ. As in. Eeeeh. Right. So I have 20 or 30 million words I have to say about that in my will. And great length. Just stations, stands for nothing. It theaters now from the producer of teaching Mrs. Tingle. It's making the teacher Tingle. He's my new science experiment. Here. Where is it? Oh, God. Yeah. Oh, oh. Making the teacher Tingle in theaters and six shops everywhere. I don't care what I got to do. His mystery Alaska looks pretty interesting to me. You know, it's the hockey park that I'm excited about. You don't understand? I'm sure. 10, 14. It's the hockey thing. It's a lot of naked teenagers including young hockey players. What's wrong with that? Graham James, it would be okay to watch. So anyway, before I get in my long ponderous OJ business here today, and it's not only about OJ, it's about a whole bunch of like assholes and the liars and game players. And also a lot of you people out there who glamorize, uh, celebrate anybody who's supposedly a celebrity. You know, I'm talking about people that asked for autographs. If it was Ted Bundy, if they could bring him back to life for like ten minutes, we'd have an autograph session out of the goddamn parking lot. Oh, you're better get here before he dies again. Before they stick him back in the box, Ted Bundy, they just popped them up for about a half an hour. He's got enough energy left to sign autographs. And you know something there'd be a line. There would be a freaking line. Because anywhere there's a quote unquote celebrity, there are assholes looking for the autograph, looking to latch on. Clings on, human clings on, kind of like Sam. Like I've told he's like an appendage. Not like an individual independent person, but like an appendage. Look at me, I'm with OJ, I'm with Enrique, I'm with somebody famous. I'm nobody, but look at me, I'm with them. I'm going to picture with them. I'm an asshole, but I'm with them. And by the way, we agree with that assessment, by the way, Sam. He's an asshole. So anyway, before we get into that whole business, which is very CD-un unsafe, re-anacceptable, by the way, and could only happen here, I think. We got the trends yesterday, baby. I have to more arbitrage rating. Who's third to the summer book, July and August? So it's June, July and August, because it's always a three month scrolling average. So this includes the month of August. By the way, very jackass. You'll listen very little pud-wacker. I'm sure you are. Even though you love those two live Jews, way up at the other end of the day, did they show up at all? No. The whole station, the whaff in the fan, did they show up in the morning? No. And then they may day, they have to know at night overnight, while everybody is sleeping? No. Did they have like even a hundredth of a point? No. But if they had any diaries at all, something would have showed on there. And something demographic. I scoured every day, every demographic. Did they show up at all? No. No. I don't know if I'm a sponsor. I'd sure love to be buying spots on the station that nobody is listening to. That sounds good to me. I'll make you a better service than our people here. That could be. Wouldn't take much. But anyway, so here's the morning's on the station. I don't know what happened there. It couldn't be those 20 and 30 minute cameras. I don't know if they were there. I don't know if they were there. It wouldn't be the only station in the station. I don't know what happened. It couldn't be those 20 and 30 minute cameras. I don't know if they were there. Because I noticed the queue hasn't dropped that much. Which is the total number of people listening to it in the week. But the length of listenership on a morning show has dropped precipitously. Where did it go? From four and a half hours to three hours during the week. Causing their average quarter hour share in 25 to 54 are coveted demographic to drop from a three point two to a two point one. Oh, it's probably the lowest number they've had in a long time. I mean in a long time. Of course a lot more of that college football talk you can get it out of a one five next time. Hurricane. Correct. Does anybody care about the hurricane? No. It's a fainted thing. They lost a couple of games now. So if it's nobody cares anymore. They lost a couple of games. So get out of something somebody might care about. Oh, there you go. Like that golf tournament. So anyway, the big story though in the book, rhymes with book, it's called. And we continue following and by the way, people is you're more laughing again. Our asses off. It's spite of your goddamn inside memos and it's spite of all your off. And by the way, thank you so much for listening religiously to me, a Roger show on five sixty wqm, which midday we had a six point four ten to three. So but from ten to two we had to do about a seven share in twenty five fifty four persons. That's persons. So and then we did about 12 13 share. Not too bad. Not too shabby. How do you like that, Pete? And of course we couldn't do it without you. But go as to show you that they put on this tremendous tell Rick and suds went down a little bit in the morning. It had a little bit of a drop couple of ten to a point nothing dramatic. But they've kind of leveled off. They went from a two point one to a one point nine in person 2554 right behind by the way QAM's two point one right on our ass. Nick and Nick knows to know is it Rick and suds is it the worst team. They're like that close together like a little curly here apart. I was going to say a paraparpa that would be bad. But the big news is in the afternoon and I forgot to look at this until just moments ago and Joe was sitting in there and I said, you know, I wonder how the battling broke. She can drive that number just a little bit you know it's slow it's a slow process. You know you started at one point and then you drop a tent here in a couple of tents there all over the beginning she was dropping like a rock. I mean you know, but when you only got that little much left when you only got ten people only one or two of them can die at the same time. Persons 12 plus in the afternoon on stupid talk with their 50,000 watch signal and by the way there we are promoting your can Pete. Is it doing any good? No we'll do any good. No. I would do with a 1.4 oh there she is a development of the page dropping from a 1.4 to a 1.3 that's 12 plus that's the entire universe. But let's get to that important demographic again. 25 to 54 persons men and women. 3 to 7 p.m. Is she on the first page? No. No. Second page? No. How about the third page? No. It's pretty far down list. But at the top of the fourth page from a 1.0 in the last trend. And by the way it was 1.2 in the spring book then a 1.0. And now in the newest trend I knew she could do it. Only Mr. Eagle and John Ford have been able to do this on 50,000 watch. Raking a 1 with a 0.9. Oh my, let's hear it for the banding rock. Who keeps you dropped by the way. Because people are here to look at people. So put on the ear. All he knows is putting on page shows and dedicated shows and repeating stuff over and over again. That's his idea of putting on great talent. How's Karen Kdoam by the way? How's Greg O'Doan? How's my church do it? How's the John Ford show doing it in a morning beat? How does this team change your law in the INZ doam? It's just amazing. 50,000 watch right there in the middle of the dial. Do you have any idea what kind of a signal it is in the daytime? Nighttime you couldn't hear them like 10 feet away. But during the daytime. Oh seriously at night because I used to work there at night if you live in Broward and you drive like a little bit the north. I mean like a couple of blocks and that's talking a mile. You drive a couple of blocks north. You can no longer hear the signal. You can see the towers right behind you. You can't hear it because it's directional south at night. But during the daytime. 50,000 watch of pure unadulterated crap. With a 0.9 and afternoon drive. I want to tell you something. Hank hopes you take real good care of Brooke. So ever let her go, Pete. Don't ever let her go because she is. She's an important ingredient to our success. It's making sure that she stays on here. Of course once they start replaying fill eight times a day. Hank will have to continue with that two between three and six. I would say nine to noon, three and six. Every three hour increments. I'll fill all day on the I&Z. They're kind of filling the dead spots and there are a lot of them. So that takes care of that. Like I said our morning drive here. Hank went down just a little bit not too bad. I went down just a little tad from our gigantic number. We had to pre-visit. I'm still a big big number there. About a seven share. Each year hearts out. But our morning drive here like. A little on a week side. With a two point one. And even a men dropping precipitously there in a morning. And what do we think all about? Maybe some of the ex-morning show listeners will call in and tell us why they've disaffected. And it's not like they went anywhere. You know, I'm not going to like you try to find some other station that went up. That would logically be our audience. It's just that they keep tuning it off. Because they can't find the show. Maybe that's the reason. I don't know, but the length of listenership is generally pretty good indication that the format flows. And we got too many goddamn spots. Too many spots spoil the audience. Send them drive them away. Send them diving to the dial. How many times have I gotten into car in a morning? Pumps up the button. There was. And just before I could even get my CD in the player. What did I hear? This morning I got in the car and it was Yolty with his dulcid tongue. What about the spot? And I thought, Oh boy. And don't get me wrong. Yolty is the voice of sanity in the morning show. I was wrong about that. He's the only, he's the glue that'll pages glue that holds that thing together. Now that he stopped being a succulent. And by the way, in high school in Gelldy, he's still doing the Panthers job doing that Panthers pregame and doing a stuff out there. He's still doing that, but he's no longer the underlying the succulent. Like he used to be for the organization. And believe me, it's not going to be easy to be the suffering for that organization this year. Especially if Burry goes down. Oh my god. Woo! You think it was ugly before. And the rumor has it. I can't tell you where I heard it. But the rumor has it that the ticket season ticket sales for the Panthers are off almost 20%. From last year. So if they had about 15,000 season tickets, I think that's pretty close to what they had last year. That would be about 3,000 less would be about 13,000. You know what that joint will look like if we have 13,000 season tickets. And like maybe a couple thousand of them don't show up some nights. I mean back in the old Miami arena when we had 11,000 12,000 didn't look that good. But in this arena that holds almost 20,000, it'll look real bad. So let's keep pop out healthy. Let's keep brook Daniel's health in. Maybe we can have this move up together. Maybe it's speaking to the pages as little. Maybe she can give her a little wax job there to pop out. Just don't get the wax too hot, sir. Or maybe we can put her out of station where she belongs. On waxy, that would be perfect for her. You know that story, do you have out her wax job? I want you to want to hear it too. If you ever saw her and you heard the story, you'd be grossed out. It was your appetite for your free lunch today. Now getting back to this other business at hand. I had yesterday I spent maybe four of the most psychotic hours of my life between 3 and 7 p.m. If I didn't have 697 conversations with my attorney Norma Kent, who had 2,582 conversations with Alan Fertel, the attorney for this radio station, then we didn't have one. Not to mention the conversation I had with Josie Lambe, who by the way apologized for calling him Jose. I didn't realize he was a frog. It's Josie. I think he just spilling it wrong. Nonetheless, at the forelaw to nail some sentinel rights to softhold insider. Of course, my conversation with him was after his conversation with some people in this building who told him some astonishing things. Like, oh, New Rogers goes to WQAM. Did I tell anybody I was suing WQAM? No, no. Am I suing WQAM? No, not yet. I mean, what is his stuff come from? And this precipitated back and forth and back and forth and forth and forth and back to the follower finally I had to call the head cheese right at home, Greg Reed. And sometime later after consulting with the Z attorney and finding out if he had his permission to speak to me directly, this is my boss, by the way. I had to call his attorney to see if he would be okay to return my call and speak to me. He called me back. And so the big powwaw that Jose and Josie, I'm sorry. That he refers to in his article today, it will take place at 2 of the sacking out. A ledge. I mean, it's about time to get the guy named Hoover in this place. You know, get out the big, the gigantic vacuum cleaner. Get that big suction cup from the sky. And kind of suck out if you're part of the expression, some of the dead weight in this place. Some of the trouble makers, some of the people who actually just steal money from this place twice a month. Still, take a check, do nothing. Steer up a lot of crap, but otherwise do nothing. You know what I'm talking about? I think you do. There, paints. I don't think I'm lacking anymore. You used to watch me, Shane. Now you do stare at the floor. Go, there, paint it. You're back, you're in the hole. Did you see you, who and me, a paper towel in a dirty bag? That's all we needed to get back. Now it's the same thing to change that I think that you're the one to blame their paints. I don't mind. And you won't. He's saying this. We're running. I don't think I lack anything. We're running home. Because when you get to drinking, you put in your places I've never been the floor. Say you're running. I don't like you. No. Why can't we just get a grip on our man to hand? I'm the term for truly, how we feel. If we put our hands together, we just stay home forever. Let's bear, paint it. I don't think I lack any last girl. When, I think, while you're shaving, Shane, is my home. That's just a deal. That's just a deal. Something you can relate to, a little something special. For all your little shabbers out there, 1033 at 560WQ. By the way, I guess Peter Leonard wants it. Will I go see that place? No. No. Tell us kids. No. Tell them too. Don't take it personal, but the answer is still. No. By the way, we got a list of fish for information. Maybe over at Power 96, somebody knows something. All this is a good song. So they probably don't know anything about it. There's a video that I saw in Amsterdam that just captivated me. And I saw it on much music last night. It's called Let the Music Heal Your Soul and Spide the Bravo All Stars, which is a compilation. It's on a European label. So we probably don't have it yet. It's by a compilation of like a back speed voice or in it. And all these European groups are like about eight or nine different groups who are singing in this thing. Like this big production. And I was able to take like a little piece of it. There was like a time ago. You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool You think you're a fool It's like I said it's a problem All stars are going to be drag addict Isn't that actually made here at first here Probably not on power 96 No, we're in the middle of the season, in this town It plays a crap musical Maybe they got that record at power 96 You think they are? No, no Why do I ask my back speed boys to get to come in any way? No, so when am I getting back to the amount of a man? I don't want to forget this I'm going to be in the power 99 Last night on date line Thanks to the guy that called us yesterday to tip me off on us They had a segment on the Atkins On the Atkins diet Now generally speaking, once they have a segment They're going to have a segment on us Any time any television show, you know, it's going to be negative If you've always got a poo poo Because they have to support all the old you know Story of types about the meat, the invaders for you And cholesterol and so the crap Well, actually this was fairly balanced Dr. Bob on there By the way, I know this great place in Boca but anyway So they had the Atkins on there And they had this long guy who would weigh 350 pounds And his cholesterol was sky high and he tried to re-died And let's get to know how that goes And he did the Atkins and lost the 100 pounds And kept it as kept it off for a year And he did go off for a little while and gained 12 pounds back Very fast because that's what happened But he got back on the thing and he's got the 100 pounds off For over a year now And his cholesterol is way down And then they got some bitch on there And when did she open up her mouth? I said the John I said that's a registered dietitian or nutritionist And after they finished they said, oh there's Sheila Shmageggy Who's a registered dietitian And I said, aha And she of course is ripping it to pieces Let me tell you right now Registered dietitians and nutritionists know nothing about anything that has to do with diet They know about as much to do with health and diet As the American Diabetes Association Which is nothing zero nata zippo Not an Iota nothing Less than nothing So I thought it was a pretty balanced piece Undead line last night And basically they didn't say you're going to die And you're going to have this you're going to have a coronary artery disease And all these other horrible things It was fairly balanced Edo ad Bob Rnaut who was on it was kind of a weird guy So I think he was taking the same kind of stuff That Peter Lenders taking these days He always has that kind of like Ehhh Spacey look that Kevin Spacey look on his push By the way, Kevin Spacey is not the Okay, no matter what you think He's not You do understand that he's not Just like the vaccine poison Twenty two before 11. I'll get for this eventually I'll just take all the time you can you know how that goes Now listen, I'm getting off of this damn phone thing Especially in this place Poison Fuck it in and hold it Tired of the same old flavors of yogurt Cherry strawberry banana Yeah, blueberry Yeah Well look out taste buds prepare yourself Palette for Prudson's trout on the bottom yogurt Pound on the bottom Fish water Pound on the bottom Boing boo Pound on the bottom Pound on the bottom Pound on the bottom Boing boo Prudson's new trout on the bottom yogurt Compining to the delicious attributes of yogurt With hearty chunks of rainbow trout No frills No gills Just great taste Prudson's trout on the bottom yogurt Regular and DI Okay, and I team before 11 at 5.60 W to QA And thanks for going to be doing a show At cool city entertainment restaurant complex At the Southwest Quarter of Pond University in Pemberpond Starting day, he'll be there every Tuesday Cool cities at QA's dot complex featuring sloppy jose As a Garmar teen bar upscale steakhouse Sandy Beach and more huge complex restaurants in bars Which fits in perfectly with us And I'll be at the specs Don't forget we got starting this Friday at October 1 The best in the United 90's being all the specs doors All around town And date Broward and Palm Beach And we'll be doing our first appearance of the year fundraiser At specs music of the song rise This Saturday October 2nd noon to 2 OJ won't be there by the way Like I said, OJ better not be there And we'll have the best in the LCDs And cassette specs music in the sawgrass At the blue dolphin actress right in the row Ruby Tuesday off the ring of your rooms to Go So that's his Saturday Okay, so anyway, getting back to this Oh look at that, here's a call in Gainesville, hello Oh look everyone, and Joe didn't forgot to do the thing Well it's not your fault, you didn't realize You forgot to reboot the phone, it's not gonna work So here we go, rebooting the phone again Because we just can't do it right here at WQA I'm here, read the mail, you know something But the way I look at it now, we should be my worst problem This should be the worst thing we have to worry about Is that we have to reboot the guy, damn phone every morning Because we got a crap phone system And now all those pinnipies callers are gone And I can proceed like I was gonna do Sorry about that guys Maybe the Gainesville caller callback He was waiting on his or its or whoever was dying to That's sad That's really very sad But don't blame me, I had nothing to do with it Okay, just blame this organization Because they're too busy They're too busy, you have to bring in celebrities from out of town To play in golf tournaments where we don't want them at We can't afford the money for a real phone system here We got to take our promotional money and spend it according to Sam Duke Our promotions director Spended to bring murderers in here Disgroup golf tournaments Oh you're back, hello Hey, now Yes sir I just got back on, I wasn't listening to you So I really know what you've been talking about on morning I want to talk about you talking about last week with the fraternities Yeah Um There are It's basically a way to to to to basically meet people that you have no idea And they basically have to be your friends and you have to be your brothers and stuff And and it's just that the cheap way to meet friends instead of being a social person going out Yeah, and get them make it, yeah Exactly, oh that happens all the time All the time and the matter of fact They run the student government up here because they basically all have to vote this Voting boards up here And everybody in the fraternities have to go out and vote And they're only about 10% of the people here But everybody has to vote And it's disgusting It's just the worst thing in the world It's not really the democracy It's just like what we have now in America It's not really democracy It's the handful of people who are all the money and all the All the ammunition and they run the world Yeah And it's the stuff thing they'll stuff Well, because to sure if you're willing to get naked and take your clothes off for all your buddies, you know, you can start getting a lot of power If you all power maybe All that's happening to book questions, there you go Yeah, okay, no, okay, have a great day, pal What did he say? It's a gig club you moron Something like that he said I still can't get over that 0.9 That finally cheered me up I finally have something to be said about that important It's like that you succeed But that no talent assholes fail Not the only old saying goes something like that It's not a point that you succeed, but that assholes really fall on their ass like a birthday And you know something if you had a 0.9 following fat ass limbo Just imagine what you can come up with following three hours of gym Rome Oh, I don't think we've seen the end of the climb yet Keep your eye on that falling needle, baby 0.9 is only the beginning To finishing returns So the law of diminishing return Yeah, return to sender Send it back Where it came from Like me you are With that disgusting sound With that bitchy cheese not brawn Edible, I paint nice going You know how to pick him sweetheart Get that finger right back in your rectum Because you sure know how to pick him He's over there laughing I always hear a set him up yesterday He's given us a lot of promotion You know something about six months from now When you're still sucking when the Mr. expert Mr. hot shot Mr. Brilliant genius Climbing up the letter suckle He was sucking up the letter with Tim Williams over there It got gannied Then he was sucking his way up the letter with a passion People now he's with a fair channel And he's still sucking And everybody still hates him Like poison and he's still a backsteading fool That doesn't know his ass from his god damn rectum By the way thanks to my friend Lenny at the air around the clock And you're a glowing letter here And a nice watch Is that like a puggler or something The fact that I got a why don't think so That's one of our fine sponsors Thank you Lenny at the air around the clock Who do a nice job in my house by the way And the guy who came and did my house was a big groupy So that always helps I'm not going to, maybe I'll take a four-later deal Hello Yeah, Neil, how are you? Yes sure Okay, yeah, I tried listening to Brooke one afternoon I really feel it because he made those sense to me Oh, yeah You know and then I switched over to him He's talking about how she waxed her crotch that one day Oh, when the paramedics came and things like that Right, oh, yeah, I heard that story Yeah, so you should be able to relate to this Because he likes to, you know, his girlfriend makes some shave his balls So he ought to be able to relate to some brother has to do a wax job on a crotch Oh my goodness I just can't imagine walking into a room and seeing that though But you don't really have to be at the fourth fan to listen to Hank Because Hank has a really good way of telling a story Yeah, he's stupid Yeah But I love Hank until the call started I in fact I, that's why I hate the calls I love listening to what he has to say And this was the sports nerds that are calling I just to get psychotic Right, right And of course now that Hank's got those 20-minute commercial breaks Anyway, so you know, in a very insidious way Maybe it's for the best Right, yeah, because that's how all listeners really get into a show It's like you said, you know, because he tells such a great story You know, great yesterday Yeah, but I listened to you and Hank I tried listening to the first time The first team or other But I, every time I call them If they didn't agree with my point of view or anything like this They just, they went off I mean, I just gave up on them Well, I mean, a lot of other people did too I mean, you know, everybody's got an uptrend, downtrend Good trans bad trans, but this trend looks like a death now I don't want to get these guys nervous Because they know beefal especially is very paranoid and insecure And with his talent to you ought to be But I mean, at the morning show, just tell off the face of the earth The, you know, I guess for whatever reason Well, I can definitely understand why And so, well, thanks very much Neil Okay, and beefal says thanks too Take care And a little bit more to and guilty, okay And that worst team too much of the sky And how do you like that? And he, uh, he too So anyway, get back to this old jib business, you know I'm glad I cleared the year with all the fact Thanks again to why my good friend Peter Leonard For that idiotic note and they picked you Because that kind of like give me, you know, a little buffer there So I didn't get started on a real sour note right off the bat And mentioned fill us in the first half of our, I'm sorry Did I mention her name? Fill us? I want to not say, I want to Why did I mention that? I don't just came to my mind I just keep thinking it's fill us fill us So that name just keeps coming to my mind over and over again I'll tell you that, I'll fill us, you know That's a lot more friendly than saying the water not see You know, I'll mention her by name Fill us fill us fill us Well, she's a big O.J. liquor The first day I ever came in is building Oh seriously, this is a true story The first day I ever came in with this building with norm kin By the way, thanks a lot, norm, you piece a crap, you faggot But anyway, the first day he brought me this building After we had signed the deal And I've gone through a lot of really, uh, ugly phone calls back and forth And we're not so many phone calls just trying to chase down Greg Reed Where this bad habit called not returning phone calls Maybe his lawyer wouldn't let him return my calls I don't know But at any rate, uh, come into building and we're getting the guided tour And at that time, fill us with actually, we were actually still speaking In fact, even way back in those early days, we were still speaking When she was making sure that Hank had no spots on his log Because she hates him like poison But at any rate, uh, that's another stir Which I'll say for later on So at any rate, uh, I go into our office And I look kind of walls and I see all of this, uh, O.J. member of BDS Oh, man I see these pictures and these, uh, Jocstraps and, uh, I thought, what is this? What is this crap? And then come to find out as people are very enthusiastic Bumbling all around here, tell me that O.J. Oh, yeah, she fell, she's only one of the O.J. fans that we haven't Is building, yeah, this radio station suffers from O.J. Since in disease. Yeah, that's the first day. It's an illness. It's a disease. And of course, the leader of that is Oh, he's by the ringleader. I shouldn't have said ring. I wonder if he's wearing a, Bring today. I bet you would know. But in any rate, I won't say that, maybe. At any rate, though, we have a bunch of people who, for whatever reason are upset. And of course, keep in mind, this is long after the trials and the murders And all of the, and the fact that almost universally O.J. is refiled by anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail. Because not too many people like brutal murderers and scumbags and the people who have done all the things that he's obviously done. People have beat their wives. All of these kinds of things. Although, you know, when you got a sports day, no, Jocstraps, the thing is the feast day. So beating your wife kind of fits right in with the whole ambiance of it because that's a Joc thing. Beating your women, not necessarily your wife, just beating your woman. Maybe she's your wife, maybe not. Maybe she's had 20 or 30 of your kids, maybe not. Maybe the bitch's not on the street had him. So I was kind of like taking a back that was my first inkling that there was something a little bit out of your nose. In this building, plus the fact, of course, that there was milder when all the carpets, you know, and holes in the walls. I mean, it looked like a toilet. It smelled like a toilet. It was a toilet. And by the way, is your, is our construction project anywhere near completion up here yet? No, no. It's now almost the first of October. We came up here on the third floor in the early March. I think about the fifth or 10th of March from our second floor, 10th of October. We came up here. And of course, once we came up here, almost everybody went back down on the second floor. They were trying to tell me something way back then. Like you come up here, we're leading. We're going down there. What is that that he just brought in there? What is that? The neologer's best of meal campaign to benefit sooner, one. Yeah, exactly. Great. Useless, turd. Same duke, useless turd. Seriously, peeps on a bullfrog are more useful than same duke. But today, right, see, that's distracting me because I don't want to see him. I don't ever want to see him again. As long as I live, I don't want to see his face. I don't want to see his ass. I don't want to see any part of him. Just like I heard yesterday, Hank, so you don't want to see. Roll! You can't wait to agree with that. But I certainly don't want to see same dupe back. You want to know why? He's an asshole and a professional troublemaker. He's a puss. He's a punk. But he's my, he's a spokesman. Now you understand for me for the radio station for Greg Reid. He's a spokesman. Same duke. Because he's one of that inside group. But let me, let me lay it out for you. Okay, if you got a line-up card, let's pretend we're doing a baseball game. You know, everybody gets the pencil. I'm out everybody. Maybe three old farts that keep scored a ball game, especially a Marlon game. Get out your score card. Here's where it is. Here's Greg Reid up there on top of the little hat, the little king on the crown, the thorny crown. And here's surrounding him and his little circle. We have Phyllis, the water notsie. Luan, our sales manager. We have Sam Duke, our promotions director. And we have kind of like by association Roy. Is there two? That's it. That's the inner circle. Those are, as I've called them many times in the past, the untouchables here at WQA. Those people have jobs for life. Take it to the bank. No matter what they do, no matter what they say, no matter what they might possibly come in here with like a shotgun and both 15 people away, they have jobs for life. Now you might ask, you might be, you know, kind of wondering, why? I don't know. Bonnie, I do know in some cases, some of them may have some naked pictures. I don't think that. Roy! Well, you know, now that I come to think of it, maybe he does. Maybe he's in them. I don't know. We'll have to find out. It's a gruesome thought, by the way. But nevertheless, let me just give you a little bit of history about this golf tournament. And quite frankly, I mean, you know, Rogers, what do I have to do with golf? Anything at all? No. No. I can't stand golf. Not only can I stand golf, I can't stand people who are into watching golf. Do I want to go out and play golf, I have some exercise, have a few or 20 or 30 beers, whatever you want to do. That's fine. You know, it's a thing. But people let's sit around watching golf. I mean, oh, it's just pathetic. It's tragic. I'd rather I'd rather watch auto racing for 600 consecutive hours, and I'd rather die before I saw that. So what does that tell ya? Compared to a golf, it's great. But nonetheless, about three months ago, Tracy Caracito and isn't it convenient, by the way, that Tracy is no longer here? Was he fired? No. No, he didn't even know the job, but he left. No. He just bailed out, went up the Boston with his lady friend, the kind of like, sick is fortune. Basically what he was saying was, let me out of here. Yeah, that's what he was saying. Let me out of here. I can't do business this way. It's a quote indirectly. I can't do business like they do here at 2 a.m. Kind of like Scott Schwartz was here in sales for about five minutes and said, let me out of here. Same kind of thing. See, a lot of the underlings here, they're beginning, there's a bubbling of resentment that's beginning to build. I don't think it's just beginning. But I think it's beginning to simmer a little bit more than usual, because some of the underlings here are finding out that some of the people who are here who do absolutely nothing, who contribute nothing to this radio station, who don't sell any spots, who don't have any ratings, who don't bring in any revenue, that those people are making some very serious bucks. I mean, when we pay an ex-job 60 grand a year to walk around and be a face man, a man who has never sold an account in history of his life, one has to really kind of wonder what that's all about. One has to really sell one ring. Why? Is this going on? Not that I'd be grudging, anybody who understands, but some of the underlings, some of the little people who are very underpaid and work their asses off, it starts being very bad for morale, especially when you see some of the problems and the troubles that are being caused by some of these people. See, and this is what happened. Have I always said that idle hands make for a bunch of assholes? Is that the way to say, go something like that? Yeah. idle hands light up on your assholes, something like that. I think that's how it goes. And so when you got a lot of people who basically have read enough and do other than just show up and get a check here, a couple of weeks and smooths with a boss, those people suddenly find that they have a lot of time to, you know, that's not that. That becomes professionality. And this and stir up a lot of problems, cause a lot of trouble, things like that. Which brings us back to this goddamn gal tournament, and if we ever get these spots all in, I'll get back to it, trust me. And we'll get back to a Josie Lambeats column in the Sun Sentinel this morning. I hear that Josie is suing the QA in, by the way, is what I hear. That's what I just made up. Just like somebody made up that I was suing the radio station, not that I don't have reason by the way. Oh, no. Just like that, my Ochator. Music playing. Oh, I'm so hearty for you.όσieУsteprick, track legends! So much. In the dead of hell... At the大 Sundee series, whose tonight and his favorite fight were the inevitable season. He's at me. You want me, don't you? I'm late. I'm so hardy for you. Don't you believe him? Get me out. Look, don't touch me. I was too stripped down to your best skin. So do yourself with Lord. Oh, baby, I wasn't it. My feet was standing straight up. Oh, right. And also hardy now, God, move. You want me? I don't you, help. Give me all of that. Come on, baby, please. Come on, baby. You're too strong. Oh, over. You, who? Of course, all of our co-opters are those of you who shave nuts. You're the obvious question. It's a level of 250-60 WQA. And by the way, we get any calls about the Bravo All Stars. And that great song. And I've played it course not because it's only out in Europe. And it's not here yet. And thank God, much of you, as you've started to play it up there in Toronto. And maybe it'll fill her way as it's way down here eventually. Eventually. So anyway, getting back to this goddamn stupid golf tournament. So they come to me, Tracy and screw in. Our sales manager about three months ago, right here in this very room at 2 o'clock one day when I get off the air. George was a witness because he was a participant in this discussion. And I said, well, you know, we'd like to do something extra special. Raise a little extra money for Senator One. We know October you're going to be doing the CDs and stuff. But we'd like to do something special. We'd like to put together this celebrity golf tournament. And you don't have to do anything. Just promoted a little bit. And whatever we raise from that will give them proceeds to Senator One. I said, I don't know. I mean, I was worried about it in the first place because what do I know about golf? What do I mean? What do I have to do with the golfing world? Now, of course, it is interesting if you're regular listener of this radio station that the WQA and the sponsors several charity golf tournaments every year. We have a golf and golf tournament. Hank Scott of all tournament, Mad Dog's Gella. We have a whole bunch. I'd say maybe eight or 10 golf tournaments that are done to this radio station every year. Sponsored and promoted by. Then his OJ showed up in a of those golf tournaments, by the way? No, ever? No. I just mentioned that in passing. So during the course of the conversation, when they finally talk me into saying, okay, well, let's go ahead and we'll raise some good money for our Senator One. One of them brought up the fact, I think it was screw-in, of course, that, well, you know, we might be able to bring in OJ for this thing at which point the, the hair on the back of my next student straight up in the year. And I said, absolutely positively. No, no, it's easier. I'm out. I don't want anything to do with it. Under no circumstances, the Senator One or yours truly want anything to do with Orange LJ, the Simpson is involved in this golf tournament at which point I was promised. Okay, okay. No problem. We guarantee that he will not be here. Was a bad idea. Was it a bad idea? And I thought that would be the end of it. And then of course, came to next chapter and is very, very ugly and roteskin embarrassing saga. And that was the day that Roy was sent in here. So you had to want to say he came in here on his own because I know for a fact that he was sent in here. I, one of the people I just mentioned, I don't want to mention your name again. Rimeswood's screw. And, and, and, and, and while I was on here, we have it on tape. We played the tape, you know, it's so the evidence is right there. And, and while I was on a year demanding to know how come I hadn't been reading the promos for this golf tournament that I was supposedly sponsoring or at least involved with. And of course, we didn't have any promos. The promos had just been given to us that morning by Sam, who evidently once again had fallen down on the job. These are promos that were supposed to, I guess, have been done weeks ahead of time. Were they ever done? No, was any information given to us to read on the year? No, all of the sports nerds and the earth's truly. No, no, so if you don't have any information, how can you read this stuff on the year? I tried telling that to roll. If you stood here mumbling and I also tried telling, I had a commercial to do. I had a break to do and we're in the middle of a radio show. I said, well, you see this. This is a microphone you jack has. I'm on the year live. We're doing a goddamn radio show. And, while I was going to watch OJ and then, and he starts with the OJ stuff again. I don't know where. Out of the blue. And I said, no. But why? Why is it because he's a goddamn murderer? Well, he was fucked. His line is always the same. Always the same line. Well, he was fucked. Not guilty. You were the occultor. I don't care. We don't want anything to do with him. Don't you understand? Very simple. To let a word. No. Even a dumb ex-joc can understand. No. No? No. Oh, I can't. How's that go? No, they can't understand it or the word is no. Well, we'll figure that out. Can you understand it, Roy? No. No. So, evidently, he didn't understand it because that was again. Another one of these episodes that occurred because this thing was being dismantled. And then just a few days before it was to take place this past last Friday, I was being told, all of this thing that is asked to, and they're not son of an, you know, getting any people involved in this thing. And so we started really plugging a hell out of it. And then they got a whole bunch of people who came aboard on this thing. They helped center one and a part to participate. And we were giving promos up. Don's, rock was going to be involved in this extra. I forget those names with OJ's name on air. No. L-T's name on air. No, they were conspicuously missing. They were conspicuously by their absence. Thank God. And so to make a long story short, here comes last Friday. And here's the log-on-mar, celebrity golf tour, and the WQAM, about dot com or whatever was golf tournament, featuring a so-on and so on. All these other people, all these extra, including that on strike. For some reason, he's the only one I remember. Do you remember any of the other people who were known? But he's a good guy. And I remember his name was on list. And I remember Mad Dog interviewing him out there to golf, and then Friday. Come to find out at 1.30 here last Friday. The inside lines here start ringing off the hook. And George is getting spy reports from log-on-mar. I mean, you've already heard this part, but maybe some of you have it. It bears repeating again because it's shocking after you've been promised in assured that if your good name is involved in this, and everybody on the radio station is promoting this, we're not going to be having an X-Murder show up. We're getting spy reports 1.30 here on Friday. Guess who's there? Guess who's not only there, but who's playing in the goddamn freaking tournament. Oh, yeah. Oh, Jay. At which point, everyone's blood started to boil. At which point, anybody, any rational human being, became extremely hostile, psychotic, and irritated to say the very least. A couple of minutes later, the inside line there rings again. It's San Duke, our promotions asked. Who's on the phone? It says, to George, you sure need all those who want to put them on the air? You see, when you use somebody as a weapon, I mean, we know what kind of weapon he used. It was really sharp. But when you use an individual as a weapon to beat the rest of the radio station and the community over the headwood, I mean, we already despise him. We already are nauseated and puked induced by him. And I'm not talking about the little circle Jericho sports there. It's we got that on the second floor. I'm not talking about them. I'm talking about anybody with any common sense. Who realizes that just because somebody wants to carry the guy they in football and man fact doesn't mean he's somebody we ought to admire. You know what I'm saying? Is it in a rip snorting good time? Was head by all? So now we get to yesterday's episode. And see, it took me a long time to get around. But now we got another spot to do. Oh, no, this is great. This is how Neil wants to take something and looks at for like three, four, five, maybe ten hours today. Maybe the Humper can just, you know, eat and drink over there at the cool city. Can't you like a man run? What the mayor in good sand he plays? The trials moving on. Chances are quit all decreases. Traces of blood everywhere. But not your DNA. Traces of blood. That's your zoge. It's quite sterly here. You let the club and bloody track so. The cap you used to wear. You're a homicide or whic-go. Traces of blood all around. That match your DNA. Traces of blood. That's your zoge. You throw your eyes. And still a plan. They run fine. A train so far still day. Chances for the plans. Time is showing us your true style. You're the ball-pin-out. Now the evidence you can hide. Traces of blood everywhere. That match your DNA. Traces of blood. That's your zoge. Thank you. It's on 15 at 5. I'm going back. We're going to leave off on this thing. It's a multi-part multi-faceted thing. So anyway, we're getting bits and pieces of the story. Yesterday, I'm listening to Hank there in the beginning of his show. And now the steam is pouring out of my ears. As Hank has revealed, he Hank had a chance to talk to the man. Yesterday, in the course, man was out there at this golf tournament on Friday. So in listening to Hank, I'm now picking up all these other pieces of information, which I wasn't privy to before, which man has passed along the hem. Because man, it was a witness to all of it. And he goes to say, I saw a job again there, man. Dog. Man, it's ripped the O.J. and asked. And rightfully so. It was embarrassed and humiliated and degraded to be out there. So come to find out that our sales manager, screw-and-winn, that she was out there on the phone, calling up all the media to alert them. The fact that O.J. was there. This big celebrity. And get their cameras out there. And it's a big major story. And Yadiyati, he's out here with the QAM sponsored golf tournament. Now, I don't know about you, but if I'm in business. The last person on the face of the earth living today. But I would want to be associated with would be O.J. I'd rather be affiliated with, I'm trying to say, and I'm trying to say, a slobby mama, a lo-so-vitch than with O.J. Anybody. And everybody knows that. Even the apologists for him must know that. Unless they're really, really, really stupid. Do you think they're that dumb? Uh-huh. Evidently. So come to find out. And keep in mind again, this is on a radio station where nobody gets any promotion. What's the webinar? Not a guy would have sandwiched board, running up and down and surf side, running up and down. Like in road mall, a schlepper rod and sunrise. Nobody, nothing, not a billboard, not a TV spot, not anything, not a zippity-duda. Nothing. And to make it even better, then I find out through the great fine. That our promotions director who's gotten pretty much in pre-cause I guess he's really running a shop here lately. San Duke, that he's got O.J. on camera there. Because, you know, it's that deal again where he can be the human appendage. Oh, look at me. I'm standing next to somebody famous again. I'm always in the picture standing next to somebody famous. I'm a nobody, but I'm standing next to somebody really famous. You know, it must be very sad to have that much of an inferiority complex that you have to always feel you've got to be seen with somebody famous to feel like you're worth anything like you have any usefulness in life. Although in his case, the usefulness product and understand that part. But nevertheless, he's trading out there on channel 10. I'm getting spy reports yesterday on all the local TV channels. Oh, yes, we brought O.J. in and the Yadiyada Yadiyada in. We're proud to have him here. He's a big celebrity and it's a QA and called tournament, et cetera. I'm so I'm paraphrasing because I didn't see any of it. Maybe some of you did. Now we come to yesterday. Now we're fine to get a little bit caught up. Yesterday, as I said, I'm listening to Hank Gerr, we count these stories about what's going on out there at the tournament by way of managed. And I was talking to our program director in the doorway. As I was on a way out since his office is right on the way to the exit over here to my right. Get off your stuff, right. And I was being moaning the fact of how embarrassing this was that the very same people that do nothing to promote us are busy getting up. There are all of a sudden becoming publicity directors for an expert or that everybody hates with a brain. And he's agreeing with me, of course. And as I shook my head about all this and started walking out of city, you know, sounds like a basis for real good lawsuit to me. And I walked out the door. I get home about five to three. Here's a message from my lawyer, Norma Kent, on the phone. He's in court. He's got a trial going, but he's trying to call back and forth and forth and back. I finally get a hold of him where he gets to hold of me. Come to find out in the hour between the time that I left here and the time that I spoke to him. He said, not one, not two, not three. But four calls from the attorney for this radio station. Allen, I'm too Jewish for my own good for tell. Four calls in an hour trying to get a hold of Norma Kent. Who is in court with the trauma going on? Beeping calling the office, desperate, frantic, frantic. Also we've had a call from Josie Lambe at the Sun Sentinel who writes this soft word inside a column that we've quoted from a lot of times. Next we had a bit about Rick Sanchez and the Atkins diet and what a pig Ricky is. I guess when you run over a guy in the guy dies, you start eating your way through frustration. I'm talking about a lot of frustration eating. It must be what it is, right? But in any rate, so this Josie Lambe who's column I do read from the time to time and read some clips on here and seems like a reasonable guy. He talks to me because he had called Norma. He normally gives me the guy's number. I call him it's about three fifteen now. On the notes to me, Josie Lambe from the Sun Sentinel has already talked to somebody in this building. I don't want to mention somebody by the name of Sam Duke, all the ways quoted in the articles, I guess it's not a secret. Somewhere along the line, the conversation goes back and forth and I don't have exactly how it took place. But somebody is recounting to somebody else that Neo Rogers is going to sue WQAM. Did I say I was sue in 2AM? No. Am I going to sue QAM? No. Did I tell Sam that I was sue in 2AM? No. And I tell Josie Lambe that I'm sue in 2AM? No. Or anybody else? No. And so I have about a five minute conversation with Josie Lambe about this whole old J-thing. And about the fact that we were promised and guaranteed beyond a shadow, but he would not be involved in this. So that all of us who were promoting it would not put our good names behind something that we offended and grossed out by including the people at Lago Mark. And including the people at center 1. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out? Very simple. Nobody wanted to be associated with something that he was going to be involved in. So the calls are going back and forth and forth and back. And it's meeting that I was scheduled today for two o'clock with Greg Reed and screw in, Wittick and the Duphalinsia program director. This meeting that I had scheduled for today, it was canceled. And now there was supposed to be a meeting on Friday morning with the lawyers involved. Lawyers involved. Because Neil is threatening the suit WQAM, according to somebody. According to some crazy person. So now the calls are going back and forth and forth and back. And finally, about five after six, I thought screwing up, I'm going to call Greg Reed at home, which I did. And his wife answered the phone. He wasn't at home yet. And I left a message. And about the 15 minutes later after consulting with his attorney, he returned my call. Thanks, Greg. And our meeting at tour clock is back on today. He was just down here only a moment ago. Shwing me, waiting instead of already got here. But nevertheless, showing me that the numbers on this station are higher than more than after noon drive combined by far by a long shot. So I know that if I'm working in this radio station and not doing very much, and you know, and I'm just picking up a paycheck a couple of times a month, I know that I'm going to go out of my way to try to piss off the guy that's, you know, got the highest ratings on the station. That makes a lot of sense to me. Ehh! Right. The guy that's bringing in millions and millions of dollars. The guy who doesn't have, I have a dozen people sitting around the, you know, support people on a radio show. The guy who basically sits in there with a microphone and telephone, and does a radio show for four hours of evening. And it's got a seven-year. I'm going to go out of my way to see if I can't. Maybe give him a soap pissed off. He'll take a walk. He'll just walk out. Well, guess what, Sam? Guess what, Lillan? Guess what, Billis? And guess what? Bro! I'm not going anywhere. I got three years and three days left on this deal. And the last somebody announces to me that they want to write me a check to pay me for the balance already part of that. I'm going to be here every goddamn day other than the occasions in sick days that I need to be. Period. End of conversation. See, and my younger, more impetuous days, now Hank was talking about this two last week. He had one day he went ballistic with his 13-minute break a couple of weeks ago and was getting ready to walk out. Well, you know, when you get a little bit older and you realize you got these bills and you've got, you know, the self-preservation thing comes into account. Self-preservation. All you young people out there, if you want to be impetuous and walk out and tell a boss this thicken up is that, I guess you can do that, you know, if it's not a big deal of a job. But it's always a better idea to have another job first before you say goodbye to your income and you shoot yourself in the foot because somebody else is an asshole. Why should I penalize myself because we got people doing crazy things in this radio station? Am I going to penalize myself? Oh, no. Screw them. Screw a guy that's making 60 grand a year. Roll! For being a face man and doing nothing. Terrify. How do you think somebody underlings around his building feel here and stuff like that? I can tell you how they feel. They feel exactly like, that's right. This is an incestuous place. Too many incestuous relationships going on in his building. And as a result, there are too many people here who had jobs for life or so they think. I don't really care about that, okay? Because one thing I'm not interested in is office politics. You'll never see me here after too many afternoon. Too old one, I'm out the door. And I've told you this for years. I'm out with those people that likes to hang around because you know something. The more you hang around and what's that, but you know, gossip people start talking people to cause you people that hang around a lot when they don't have to be here. You know what they are? They're troublemakers. Any radio station I've ever worked at. The 80 years I've been in this business. People that are always hanging around hanging around. People with no lives. They make trouble. They create problems. Come in. Be friendly. Do your job. Do a good job. And when a time comes on a clock. See ya. That's the best way to do it. That's my philosophy. So why we need to don't care about any of those people. But I'm going to tell you right now. Stay the F out of my way. That's my suggestion. That's my freaking suggestion. If you want to scroll with somebody, scroll with somebody else. Because you're not going to scroll with his kid. Okay, fellas. Okay, Roy. Okay, Louanne. Okay, Sam. I don't want to play in your sandbox. I have no interest in getting my little pale and shovel. I haven't done that since I was a little kid in kindergarten. Which is 100 years ago. Okay. I'm an old fart. I'm too old to play in a sandbox with a pale and a shovel. And if this is your idea of something amusing, if you're having a lot of last over this, but that's my comment to you. How about really doing your job that you're getting paid to do? What a concept. How about the sales manager taking care of this crap copy that we get for clients who are paying good money that we're expecting it results on this radio station? How come how about communicating with a guy named Talith who are expected to go on here and do that job? How about giving us some goddamn information and ammunition to work with? Instead of going out there and rubbing up and down on Jeff Cross's thighs at the goddamn golfer, I'm not taking him pressure, everybody. Jeff, please. Hi, fuck them out! Hey! Hey! Oh, you're so cute! I can't hold hands. Here. For I recall the days on the side, I've run for I and Jesus' consent. I don't care what they say, because I'm okay, but it's her where we love. It happens so soon on the 12th of June, and no change, man away. From that bloody man, I don't care what they say, because no change, but her where we love. I have where we just want a little one, but I see you still long and dry. It goes on and never ends. As it does find on with that old Jaybird's up, I can't look please. And throw away the cheese. It's the gate, all the flames of his innocent. I don't care what they say, because no change, but her where we love. Here. I don't care what they say, because no change, but her where we love. Here. But he's a celebrity, God damn it. 27, I'll do it at 5.50. You're going to show him anyway, and the paper this morning in Josie Lambbeats, a softboard insider column in a sun-centen. He writes, shock-jock on his high horse over OJ appearance. Shock-jock. And it starts out by saying, shock-jock, Neil Rogers, his man is all, now can't they put hell in the goddamn column? I'm just going to take this and he's going to take it anymore. And he's not going to take it anymore. They put like the little, you know, exclamation and all these little, how come you can't put hell in there, God damn it. So what else is new asks, Josie? This time he really, really means it, and he's talking about suing his employer, WQM Sports Radio, 560. Was I talking about suing my employer? No, not yet. What sparked the ROW OJ Simpson surprise appearance at Friday's QAM Celebrity Golf, turning a logo-mark country club in plantation. Rogers says he was promised OJ wouldn't be invited to the wing-ding, a fundraiser for Senator One Rogers-Davidage charity. It's making me look stupid Rogers told insider, for three months have been promoting the tournament on the year. Specifically told the station I didn't want anything to do with OJ. Most of the station staff is mortified about it, except for four or five of the idiots who are giving this place OJ disease. Sam Duke, QAM's Promotions Director, confirmed the station paid for the fallen idols trip to sum. Now, I want you to listen to that part very carefully, okay? Listen to these words, very, very carefully. Okay? Okay? Okay? Okay? Okay? Sam Duke, QAM's Promotions Director, confirmed the station paid for the fallen idols trip to sum. Florida from Los Angeles. Duke said the station has a direct pipeline to Simpson through staffer Roy. Foster a former thick-necker. Former thick-necker. I guess he hasn't seen Roy. Maybe he's still a thick-necker, believe me. OJ is a celebrity said Duke, pointing out that troubled former giant Lawrence Taylor also played in the turning. What about the promise? We only knew about OJ at the last minute, Duke said, dismissing Roger's spit is just part of a radio show. Right? We invited him three months ago, but he only accepted last week, said, Sam the sham. Underlying the sham part. Roger's lawyer, Norma Kent, said the incident is a breach of contract. QAM has routinely failed to live up to the spirit of their three-year contract with Neil. That's a five-year contract with three-year all-by-the-way, Josie. Kent said, a big powwow is scheduled at the station today to iron things out, a big powwow. Yeah. Actually, we had a meeting set up to a contract. But I'd be for the OJ thing to talk about other things. Like radio, you know? I know that comes as a great shock to some of the people in this building who wouldn't know radio if somebody showed one in their room. But nevertheless, that's what it's supposed to be all about. Now, this is a radio station by the way. Let me say it again, that underpays many of the underlings here, who are supposed to get by by sucking up for free tickets in the whatever-are-all free food they can suck up from this show. Also, this is a radio station where they won't spend one dime to promote anybody on a station. Not even a sports franchise. Ever see a billboard for the goddamn dolphin to this station. Ever see one of those for the Marlin? No, Panthers? No. The beesleys are tighter with their money than a goddamn witch's. Correct them. That's how tight they are. This is a radio station where if we need anything in there, can we get an 800 line on the phone? No. A piece of equipment? No. Nothing. Zero. Zippity. Like I said, not even a guy would have sandwiched board saying, hey, two nights. You know, something the only promotion we got is our body chuck over to the sub-center. It's got that little sign on the side. Thank you, Chuck. God bless you at the sub-center on a corner 441 and I was very rude. For a good time for our QAM, New Rogers, whatever it says on the side, they're tended to every day. Thank you, Chuck. You're our only promotions guy. And instead of us paying hand, he brings us free lunch all the time. This is a station so cheap that we had the poor guy in Philadelphia, the guy that worked on three of our Marlin Broadcast, that Henry, whatever his name was, in Brinmore, New Jersey, ready to commit suicide. By the way, if the meat tree is underhill, or under whatever the hell his name is, would it take an old jade with him he'd have done the job right? Underwood, whatever hell his guy named name is. Don't make any difference now, does it? Well, once his neck heals up to the air, we only care about him. He could be something special. Is he starting this weekend? He's starting this weekend. Yeah, Cecil said he'd be alright. Yeah, Cecil says now it's coming up with his trash. He'll buy a suicide and I'll talk his trash. You know he didn't do none. But anyway, getting back to Jose Lampeet and this column here this morning, let me say it again. Sandu case says the station paid, now does this make any sense to anybody? Oh, that it was the last minute deal. First of all, it doesn't make any difference. Whether it was the first minute deal, a last minute deal, a second minute deal. The fact is that it was agreed upon by the people who were putting this thing together, that he would not be participating. Whether they like it, don't like it, stick it up their ass and make no difference to me. That was the agreement. It was guaranteed. Written in God damn stone. So this is a lame ass comment from a lame ass sad ass individual who says he's a celebrity. And then takes him about and puts him on television. Get to a funny shoulder like a God damn parrot and get to my television. Hey, look at this. Look at who we got. We got OJ. Yeah, we got OJ, alright. And a place where nobody wanted them and where people are looking at us and saying, Oh my God. Yeah, what kind of maniacs are you, huh? And the best part of the deal is, as managed and hankin' both tell you, that what was the table out there at Lago Mar that had the most people all gathered around it, and most people sucking around? It was the OJ table. Because like we've told you before, it's not just the sports thing. Sports, of course, is notorious for it. Speaking of the Beatrice Underwood and all these other scumbags. Sports is notorious for it. The sports nerds. They don't care if he just killed your sister. If you're a goddamn famous jock, oh can I have your autograph please? Any person who would ask for OJ Sincense autograph. As far as I'm concerned, is a waste of space on this planet. Is sucking up oxygen that could be better used. For anything, for a meblis. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. All right, let's have a good year's place. On that yellow j's trial, I've been stuck with the law. I'm at the old j's trial, and it keeps going on and on. But now I'll tell you the truth. I think that plenty of food that shows you murder is actually a waste of space. Very often, every day. Just check some OJ and other things. I used to walk in pain with wrong games. But now that doesn't mean the same. Now I have to go home. I've been stuck with the law. I feel like I'm the one in jail. He put gloves on. They didn't fit in my right eye. He put them on. They looked like they were too tight. Dying. Yeah. I'm at the old j's trial. I've been stuck with the law. I'm at the old j's trial. It keeps going on and on. But now I'll tell you the truth. I think that's plenty of food that shows you murder is actually a waste of space. Yeah. I think he murdered his ex-wife. Oh, right. He murdered his ex-wife. Yeah. But he's a celebrity guy, Danach. I'm 45 with 5. I'm 60. I got a hint from a cool city. We got talking baseball with Danny. We got anything in between there. No. We got no Jimmy. We could be special. That's not today. We got the Marlons at the ex-boy. Everybody gather around. Or radio for that tonight. Oh, I want to be really thriller. You see the hint about the 1, 400 people up there. Montreal. That is about two pages. It was dynamite. You know, O.J. is a celebrity. So was my orlonsky. So was bugsy. Seagull. So was donk, Coralion. So was Jesse James. Were you inviting any of them to our next QAM golf tournament? No. No. See, you've got words, confusers, Dan. You've got the word celebrity mixed up with Scumbag. Murdering, disgusting, nauseating, reviled Scumbag. Almost universally. See, I've said this before. And the more I think about it, it's like, It's a one in a billion chance. What are the odds of wind up working in a place where you've got a whole, not just one person. You can understand that. But like there's this whole little fraternity of people who all suffer from O.J. Simpson disease. The odds I would assume are staggeringly slim, minimal, miniscule of that ever happening. So like I started to say before, come to find out that the table out there at the golf tournament where O.J. was hanging out with all his buddies. This is the one that they were all crowed around to. I heard the guy called yesterday called Hankin and told that the guy hit him sign a golf glove. If it doesn't fit, you must equip any misbelled like I think he mispelled it. And all the other words as well. A real rocket scientist. Yeah. This is these are the kind of people that crazy people admire. People who beat their wives, people who murdered their ex-wife and some guy that he didn't even know who just happened to be there. People who are widely circulated the stories about all the cocaine that he does. But nevertheless, these are the kind of people we're supposed to admire. So if you come to any shock that when Jimmy Johnson signs another so-called troubled guys and other ex-con, whether it's Lawrence Phillips or whether it's the meat piece under what a woman her life is. And it's actually come as no shock. Because sports people have no principles anyway. It all goes back to we, to us. We got a wean, baby. We got a wean because it's a budget and a little bit horse crap is what it is. As much as I used to love sports, most of it today. And if you listen to the sports callers by the way, it'll verify exactly what I'm telling you. It's a bunch of a little bit horse crap. I'm watching college football every weekend. And I'm seeing, oh, here's the, here's the, so here's the meat for your coachman Rick. He's a true freshman. Can you hear them talking about that in law class in law school, medical school, journalism school, here's Joe Smith. He's a true freshman. What the hell's a goddamn true freshman? As opposed to what? As opposed to a fifth year senior. Oh, he's been registered. Blue shirt. It's green shirt. He's a dumb freaking jack who's taking a spot in the school where somebody with a brain ought to be learning something. Who might be productive someday? A true goddamn freshman. You know what that reminds me? It's like when it's a stock market. When it when a stocks are plunging like they have been lately. And they talk about people investing in bonds. And they say, oh, it's a flight to quality. The implication being that if you're buying stocks into a bunch of crap, if you want quality, you'll buy bonds. Flight to quality. What a stupid goddamn term. Idiotic. So I think all these great stocks, general motors, general electric. All these other things that you've got on your life tied up at. It's really a bunch of crap. And the people are a little nervous now. So it's a flight to quality. They're buying freaking bonds. Oh. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Why people admire scumbags? I was talking to my friend, the port about there. My international friend and that, who was tell me, O.J. they're just a couple weeks ago. And the same thing, people falling all over him. People falling all over him. People coming up for his autograph. Oh, Mr. Samson, how you doing? Of course you can't get away too fast on those athletic knees. No, any more. Let's hear it. That's a good news. Now he really does have the arthritic knees. Bad. Sometimes God's a little bit slow and getting around to doing it. But eventually sooner or later he'll get there. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and four-later deal. Oh, yes sir. You know, you sell real big and tough. Okay. Here's Boca, hello. Oh, no, no. All right. Okay. Hey, it's, uh, I just want to say before I start an honor to talk to you. I need to show. Um, the term true fresh money. I was started the University of Tennessee, actually. You know. You got the true fresh money. Actually go to class and you got the false fresh money. Also have the tutors. Uh huh. So it may have stemmed from there. Also concerning the criminals, our fascination with the criminals of the class. That's come back. I remember, uh, well, it was a week or two ago. You brought up the point where, uh, I always saw it's hurricane fluid. We couldn't get anything on the forward-warch shooting. It was like it was publicly accepted. Right. I don't know. I was only seven or eight anyway. You know, it's not much show anymore. Yeah, exactly. I've been doing that land-asshooting. I had the shooting in a column line. Sure. You know, you had 24 hour coverage then. But now it's slowly but surely even though it was in a church. Yeah. It's publicly acceptable. It's part of our society now. And that's just, well, you know, since we kicked out of church, we just can't protect it. And by the way, Governor Bush, where real proud of you, we're signing that bill at a law that makes it legal to you. He didn't want to outlaw, having guns and church in Texas. How do you like that? Uh, well, if they want to outlaw, they have to put up, but this is the truth. They have to put up a sign in Texas in churches to say that, no guns allowed. Otherwise, it's okay. Is that a fact? Yes. That is, oh gosh. That is crazy. One last thing. Any word on whether we can get the Timothy McVay or Terry Nichols to the golf term in that church? There will be out. There will be there. Okay. Great. You've got to stand by the way. Well, why don't you decide? Have a great day, no. In fact, that's a great idea. When they stick them in a guide dam, a electric chair, they don't do that over there. But nevertheless, if they did, maybe they could have like sand in the middle, right in between. We can have a three-seater. Two scumbags on each side and Samston in the middle. I'll be glad to go and pull the switch by the way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Too many thick necks running around. That's the problem. Too many really, really stupid idiotic. I mean, don't bother them. Saw those thick necks running around. Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Hello. Nice talking to you. Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Anyhow. How you doing? I was going to ask you. Don't you think they should block out the Marlin's games also? If they're not sold out, because I'm in like, when that being exceptional game, if they'll sold out? Yeah. Well, because they can't have my third rocket today. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, buddy, how you doing? What do you mean about the colors? Yes, sir. You look at the big time, man. I've been listening to you talk about nicks. I've been a Artuel Fuente Smoker for quite a while. Right. The eight, five, eights in the Hemingways. And finally, stretch myself all the way down to Flagler to go to nicks. And I'm going to pick up two, which is stupid, because I thought I'd sample it out. Now, I'm stuck you on the Paul metal, because I got to go back. Because they were awesome. But it's unbelievably good. That rectangular, almost. Had a little square, dude. I'm unbelievably good. And the other one that you've got that kind of tapered small shorty on the other side. You're doing a reserve. Sweet, super sweet. So I just wanted to thank you. Great. And for turning me on to that place, because I'm stuck there now. Okay. Let me thank Neil. Thanks a lot, pal. Bye. Okay, that's the next spot. Come up to this. It's a good segue. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Anybody see the piece on the night line? What was it? Date line last night about the Atkins probably not. Here's the coral geobals, hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. Neil, I'm just calling because I want to congratulate you with your show. I come from Europe, because of my business. I spend a lot of time in the car. And I want to tell you, you know, thank you very much for making my day of a lot different. And congratulations on your show. You really do a great job. Okay, I got bus user. All right. Pray for you. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Davey. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I want to say something a comment about Sam the OJ bug kissing man. I knew him very well and his old 96 days. Yeah. And let me tell you that guy. If you give him a little bit of power in front of a star, he thinks he is the king. You could that guy a little bit of an asshole. Look, all he is is a glorified party planner. That's all he is. He will never be anything else. Okay. So I mean, what he did was 100% wrong because it was his family that got hacked up and murdered. Let me tell you right now, the whole story will be different. Yeah, right. And I have to happen to him. He's a celebrity. How do you like that? What I was younger by just a guy who's making decisions, who's talking to people of the newspapers. He's running a joint. He's a guy named Little Promotions Punk. And the only reason here is because he's kind of like an honorary stepchild of the Reed family is the only reason he's even got a job here. And he's talking to the newspapers. You know, Mr. Hachat because like I told you, he's part of that club. Exactly. He's unbelievable. I had a friend of my little brother who was murdered about five years ago. And I mean, you hear about this old thing, I know that you have nothing to do with one. I'm going to let you in. You know, that's great. Why not get inspired that guy? Why not get inspired that guy? Obviously. I want to tell you if this were a real business, which it's not. But if it were at least one and probably two heads would have already rolled over and he'd be the major mistake is what he did. And everybody looks down on that station now, which you know, you switch stations to a sports station and it's kind of a lot better. But I mean, you know, he just disgrace a station by allowing that that many act to be there. And then if you're right now, I hope that I'm around that I'm still alive when I've seen the news that somebody took OGL out. I can't let that happen. Okay. Anyway. Thanks, Neil. Thanks. You'll hear us first here. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's be a coincidence. I guess a lot of sour people to in all those neighborhoods every time OJ keeps looking at the house and they keep saying, no, no, buy over here. But once I don't know how to get that out of here. See, I think some of the people in this building have got an upside down. They've got it backward. It's not Neil. It's like, you know, in the minority on this. It's like, I'm with the overwhelming majority. There may be something's on the minority. But in this particular case, the overwhelming majority of rational people, people with a brain larger than a BB, they don't want to be anywhere near this murdering low-life piece of turn. No matter how many yards he ran for, no matter how many God damn trophies he had, and a guy damn trophy case that they had a pawns to get the money for, nobody gives a crown because a scumbag is still a scumbag. They're coming here in December. I heard they've got a commitment, you're crazy. And my only friend is that gramps were alive. They never got a chance to see them. They never got a chance to see them. They never got a chance to see them. They never got a chance to see them. They never got a chance to see them. They never got a chance to see them. They never got a chance to see them. They never got a chance to see them. They never got a chance to see them. And when he played that as flat shun he moans. And when he died, they called the big tongue for his head. And he was like, I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I really tired of it. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. What is the status of it? What does that mean? I'm doing the wrong. I'm saying five six seven. I'm talking about the colors. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. Why is everybody so bitter about asking for this guy's autograph? What does that mean? What do you say? What are you speaking? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? You silly person. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. Who is this guy? He was talking about who was in the picture. He was in the same place. He was at one. What he said was in the middle of the day. Listen. Good job, pal. 560. He was in the middle of the day. I called you after. I called you last Wednesday. I called you after. I called you last Wednesday. I called you after. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. I called you before. Okay. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6. I'm so tired of that crap. I mean, that's just ridiculous. I don't want anybody's autograph to be honest with you. I'm not an autograph person. I couldn't give her crap less about anybody's autograph. I can't think of a one person in the world who's autograph if I want. I have some at home, but I didn't go out and get them. Lister's brought him in. I got ready. Whitney's autographed. There you go. He never killed anybody. Nick. Nick. From the back doors. Nick Carter's autographed. What do I want? Nick Carter's autographed for. Maybe Nick from 98 degrees. I might take his autograph on my arm. Okay. I was in the car about a half an hour ago listening to you. Yeah. I'm the carter. He's more talented and his white coat than you will ever have. And he's not a pineapple. He'd used to be exact valued. Okay, my store. A lot has got their autograph. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the HATD and D wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Good afternoon, Lister. Yes, sir. Listen, you know, it turns out we were all wrong. We were all suspecting that other station down the other end of the dial about this OJ crap WFAN. Yeah. And it turns out you didn't have to look too far. Just turn around. They're right behind you. That was it. That killed Caesar at two brewedists. They're stabbing in the back. Yeah. Listen, you know, who I'm not worried about. I'm not worried about the fan. I could have a crap blast. I'm not worried about anybody. Like I said, in jico's article the other day, our enemy isn't from the outside. Our biggest problem is you run the inside. And that's the trueest guy that didn't think I've ever told you. Yeah, it's brewedists. Listen, you know, who really hates OJ now? I need a Brian. Yeah. That's it. I think I'm out of material if I even had any. Okay, unlikely. 560, 0560, pound 560 on it while she was peddling OJ there for a while to let chase to rest out of town. Bitch. Here's Orlando. Hello. Oh, yes sir. Yeah, let's take a break from talking about OJ for a second. You know, we receive you all up in Orlando. Thank God. Yeah. You know, because the only thing they got up here is Russell and Ball and the other land or whatever our name is. Yeah. I don't have meeting this afternoon. You remind them down there on that floor that you got followers up here. Sure. I got followers all over. I think place we have people listening all over the world. And we have no God they made 100 number. That's the first thing I'm my agenda sir. I'll tell you, well, I moved out of 4 Lard up 2 months ago. Thank God. I don't live in Orlando. I live on Newstomer and a beach. Right. Everything happens. It's like moving the ringing from my ears of God away from all the shit. It happens every time. And I just want to let you know, keep up the great work. And I think God, I can pick you up in here and my truck up this way. And there's the other. Yeah, that's it. You know, it's going up in the Orlando area where they believe it or not. Okay, pal. Okay. Have a great day. Say hi to Mickey. 5 6705 60, pon 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line at Mickey Worker course. Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Yes sir. Let her show. I just want to know. Why? How did it even start that Oze was even famous? How did it start that he was famous because he was a jockey was a football player. Yeah, but after that he became way more famous. I became a celebrity and then he became a murderer which made it way more famous than right. Right. That's that makes sense to you. Does it make sense? Yes. Well, when you got a trial that's on television all over the world that goes on for months and months. Yeah, it does make sense. So it's just the money maker then. Yeah, I was sure. Why is looking at all these people like God who was a cottage industry, look at all the people like God jobs out of it. Everybody, everybody did it. Definitely. Okay, pal. Have a great day. Whatever you're saying. Anybody know what he said? No. No. He meant well. 5 6705 60, pon 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Del Ray. Hello. Neil. Are you? Okay sir. Happy suckers to you. And the back to you. I think Oze should buy Johnny for such his old house. Yeah. And I think somebody should buy exactly right. And I think he should also be sitting in the circuit today. Okay. Whatever you say. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, how are you? Great. I got a little bit of quick material that I'd like to share that you could take into your two o'clock meeting is to how unwelcome Oze is. Okay. I'm from Los Angeles originally. I was unfortunately went to a Catholic school in elementary school out there. Some of his children were in that school. And he is no longer welcome at the church to practice his faith. Whatever you may think about that. All right. And he's also a really avid golfer. And he used to be a member at the Riviera Country Club where they play the LA open every year. Right. He is no longer welcome there. So why people would welcome him down here is beyond me. So just share that with whoever you want to share with an Oman. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. But we got unfortunately we got raw. He's done here. So we have to have him inflicted on us especially. See, this is the worst part when you have a specific conversation. And you say I'm not going to get involved in my charity to want to get involved. Unless you assure me that this particular person whoever it is, whether it's got them Ted Bundy, whether it's Charles Manchett, whoever the hell it is, unless you assure me this person is in it. Okay. No problem. You're okay. Fine. Everybody the morning guys, the worst team. I get on the air promoted tank is on air promoting it. Ed Capon everybody on this radio station apart that where you were reading the thing. Joe wasn't promoting it. But you'll see there. You'll look down. Oh, he's only got a guy named our show on Saturday. He'll have time to promote this crap. Plus he's psychic. He was talking to Schwarzman about it. He said don't do it honey. Don't do it. Oh, they're going to be there. So what he said. And then we got on here and then they turn it. They turn us into liars. Okay. They're liars. So we should be liars too. Because if there's one thing that prevails in his story, let me tell you right now and you can take it to the bank and write it down on Wayne's rectum. Okay. And that is that lying is a way of life in this place. I've never been surrounded by so many professional liars in all my life. I mean, everybody lies a little bit. But this place, like I said, it's like if he asked what time a day it was and a totally, you'd go find somebody with a watch to make sure you look at the clock. If they told it was raining, you'd run to the window and look outside. Just to verify it. Here's a lady in the mobile. Hello. Lady mobile. Okay. Great. Thank you. She said he's a piece of crap. There's our first lady collar and she said crap on here. There you go. But I think you got a good point. Sweetheart. Now the women just don't care about this. You know, he can go and murder his wife and see most of the people who are really well, not most most sensible people, but especially women. After all, the wife beating in the brutal way that he killed his wife and etc. And so on, most civilized women with a brain are just nauseated, a Paul when even here the name. In fact, when they go to the supermarket, they only buy orange juice that would award us spelled out if it says, oh, Jay, they immediately just like with Dracula where you help the cape up at the area with the wolf bait and the cross same thing. They just run away from it. As soon as they see the goddamn initials. But then again, everybody's got initials now, right? You got AC and the L.T. and O.J. and it's the American F and W. Maybe it's the jock mentality way. Like we got on the dolphin, you got your T-bock. Everybody's got to have a nickname. They got to have an initials. And it all fits. We got to know Jay too, as a matter of fact, if he had a brain, he would change his name. If he was smart. Where were we going? Am I missing something here or am I just the here's a mobile in my any. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing it? I was with the show about five minutes. I had a check on you. I'll do something. I haven't valued it. I don't appreciate that. And she said you had no talent. She's got piece of crap. Okay. Thanks. Here's a money beach. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Listen, I had an O.J. starting about a month and a month ago and say, I'm off the go and South Beach. Let me tell you something. All those stupid idiots who went up to a mass of the Resortograph. You couldn't believe how many people surrounded him. And I'm just kind of wondering. I thought he was out looking for the killer of his former wife. You know, he's doing it under cover. He figures if he makes enough friends. You know, a lot of them will mess up the doing it. I think he's doing it on the golf course. Because he was probably, you know, somebody from down here that done it. Go on. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Two bad. They didn't have O.J. around when Sam had his brist. If he had when always went his way one side doubted. You know, I'm talking about I bet you could have done a real real. Good job. Of course, when you got a penis decided about button mushroom. I guess you don't make too much difference on saying. Five six seven. Five five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. We're going to get the names of all of QAM sales people by the way, who were there. Suck at O.J. Zass on Friday and put them on the year tomorrow. I might spend a whole hour just giving a list of names of assholes who want to place their lips on O.J. Zayn. Back to him. After raw. Get out of the way. Oh, I'm not just the one to two hour. It's the phenomenon. All right. We're in this quarter back, it's lonely. He likes receivers that are wild. Very. Some people say that number ages gave. Okay Back back back back back back back to America's team is well-bent now But it's drogain, I've heard so deep to say In the heart of the Eagles down Eight men Yeah You go down on a police' acme I can't suppose you please make men Don't visit him cause he likes it from behind I'm gonna back to one at five six We've got a cold bird show from cool city come up To this afternoon and then I'll add baseball stuff Thank god five more to go Am I right about that only five more marlin games to go five more to go and then it's over Thank god got it's gonna feel so much better when we find it to get that over Here's Carl Springs hello Hey, how you doing? Okay sir I finally got the low down as to why OJ was there Yeah It's because lil and Eric were nendus weren't available Yeah, liberal busy getting their wings are redone Yeah, definitely Niels, all I can say is the morons that run that station there Do not deserve you I know that I listen to the show yesterday They don't deserve Hank, I'll tell you that I can't see the point of what he else but I'll tell you that right now I listen to the show yesterday with you and Hank and I found it very very entertaining as always And it's too bad they can't get shot in the morning to help the worst team Yeah, no thanks because those guys really bite big time Yeah, that's what I hear that's a rumor. Okay, have a great day pal Hey listen, I mean how can you? How can you? How can you get as big as people unless you bite and something? Five six maybe it's only a salami sandwich five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Hey, so they had a bad trend. Okay, I mean everybody gets it down trend. Although you know wasn't just a downtrend It was a really bad trend. You know I'm saying like almost 50% of the audience just vanished in one month. Wow I'd be a little bit concerned for what I'm saying Not that I want to get anybody nervous But Maybe it's all those spots, you know, maybe it's all those goddamn spots. I mean how could anybody's like an endurance contest It's an endurance contest for the talent. It's an endurance contest for the listeners and certainly for the callers God Let's see if we'll get you the whole two like four thirteen minute breaks in about a five minute comment during a couple of sports updates And I'll see if we're still there and you're still alive Here's Daniel Beach, hello Yes sir You know it seems like to me with all the OJ in the sightings and all why don't we all get together and walk traffic Yeah, that's a good idea Excellent idea There are times people get pissed off You know, letting from the Cubans now man every time we get another ethnic group pissed off in his town They go out there and block traffic So we don't have to wait for ethnic groups to do it. Let's all else white focal out there Right, otherwise you know, then we can keep from very few vehicles from getting to the destination Right And can I call someone to do this, eh? No, I'll done with that as it is today pal. I'll done calm up and tell me as an asshole Five six seven, oh five sixty boy nice move there and he'll tell you people will do it Oh, yeah, we're gonna get there again. No, you're not you're not your an asshole Pete you're a moron Everybody all over town is laughing at you. Would his goddamn lineup In fact, I might read it on the year again tomorrow give you some more free publicity How about that? Oh, 0.9 there huh? After the drive 50,000 lots and they sign it up again They're bringing her back. He's part of that great new fall lineup for stupid talk Man pretty pretty sad very very very very sad You talk about a guy that's gonna have naked pictures I'm out of these guy naked pictures are run a wolf with a goddamn weird wolf where you think she got that name and it went from a mic wolf And by the way speaking to Mike Wolf great news man Mike I worked with the Ryan C. Hello, the news man a good guy But God forget the the week humor there and we're concerned in the morning. Have you ever heard that? Mike Wolf tried to do the funny news at the top of the area. Oh, please stop 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello Can you hey, doing great I know why O.J. is in town Jimmy's gonna sign them will the other You know something with what happened with underwood yesterday over the weekend I said a bit of a line the meat you know well the fanchy is he's got on that team O.J. from the japan Bring it back. Okay I'll get those knees all straight enough A little cortisol in here in there a little shot of this little shot of that little Son of that 5 6 7 0 5 60 pop 6.0 on the AT&T wireless line up Here's Miami. Hello Neil yes sir. Do you think O.J. can sign up of a set of Ginton 9 swirmy? Let's do a pop in a hello That wasn't too bad. That was really great. You know, the only thing having worse we're all I think wasn't having Brooke on there Would be if they put Joseph Jacky on. Yeah Oh, it's a gaggy sucks. Okay. Listen, one thing I want you mentioned Some a couple of minutes ago about you know about having O.J. and the dolphins are There are two guys named O.J. and the dolphins got O.J. McDuffing got O.J. the The lineback I can't think it was last name now. Berghans are from like that But listen, I'm not going to get we got two J.J. Two. Yeah, I know. Well, I like to have a call. One is really special and the other one is not so special. Listen, there's one article I want to ask you about in this past Sunday's paper The front page of the local section. I'll own little Nazi down here. This guy Ken Jenny is following that all a Broward County is going to be under the BSL. Yeah. He's at article. Well, of course you got to then that would hitler did. It's just ridiculous. I mean, you know, this guy started to make a mistake. He said, I can't really hit him. He's an excellent student land this weekend. Yeah. You know, they just told me I'm pumping out and he said, we're going to say be $7 million over five years or something like that. You know, I was for doing what to a for two years. See how it works out and then signed for a long term. I know one of the commissioners, but they said, oh, the guy is just a real hard so guy and his plan to take a roll by our county. And then he's just going to run for our county mayor when they do this and he's done. No, he's not five six seven, 05 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. See, they think they can split the douchebag thing in there and kind of get on power. We're just not doing that anymore. Have a little bit of respect for the old man. Okay. Have a little bit of respect for the rules of the road. Here's pepper pine. Hello. Pepper pine. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, Neil? Okay. Okay. Let me ask you something. You know, I know that you've been in the talk show for a few years. I know about to use in that week of the year, and I don't know where I'm in. How many night are you? 400 years. Yeah. That's about it. But I never, you would never don't for screening any of your calls. I've done much I remember. You know, I wanted to talk to you. I call a civil people. That's it. What you call them from. Still about 90% of the calls you get there stupid. Now, if you go on go over this screen, those calls like this, no end to it, right? Yeah. What are you calling for? Are you going to talk about it? I'm what you want to say about what you want to say. Right. I can still 95% of the calls. You know, he gets such stupid. Right. That's right. So what's the difference? What is your secret? Secret to one. Not screening calls. I'm being able to do the job you do. Hey, I mean, is it good job? Last two days, I'm proven to you that the calls suck pal. I mean, that's why I'm talking more and listening to less calls. The call is blow. You know, that don't take it personal. I don't see one. I mean, I hope not. You know, I really enjoy living into you anyway. You know, you have to show what you're going to do. That's right. All right. Thank you. Thank you. I'm a daughter too. I think it's got a good blah, but always told you that. And don't take it personal. I mean, they like I told you yesterday. I'll say it again. And again, the listeners, those are the people that we cherish. Like the association, cherish is the war, etc. And so on. We cherish them, the listeners, the loyal people out there. They're the bread and butter. The colors are like they're almost like a goddamn irritant. They're like, Rubbing salt in your womb. Remember that's not about to be spoiled salt in my womb? 560, 560, pound five 60s. See the problem is I go too fast for these people. This is a slow-paced town, baby. This is a no-paced town. You can't complain about the pace here, maker. How's Marvin make me do it by the way from on a soul. And basically, him lately, Marvin. Oh, lick it and stick it. And your way was the name and it turned off the favorite part too. Oh, oh, oh. The kids in the channels from the reddy bunch, read wrongs, just don't put my mouth above them. In the spring of 19, life is trained before he had no clue. He heard a rumor that while Andrew was failing, was a time I'd never wish a well. Good night, Ben. Play a watch, turkey brown. All the phones were rigged, and night and play a watch to brown. All the people to swear in the night, was so confused. And there's some day that I'll get on the moon. Oh, oh. Over mid-<|fr|><|fr|>, the dangers count, where she lived in our TV. And a child out of bed, the one in front whose green prayers travel to me, sounds strange. His grave was profound and limits Braking up and commonly down. Working thirty castless, framedachus even. The comma, the shaman angels were stop looks pain. Boy, I was like anybody can afford the by their own bill those are making that much cash. I'm just thinking about that you know why do we want to share our bill loads with the guys that are pulling out that much money out of this place. You know what I'm saying? Roy. Here's a mobile in Miami hello. Yes sir. Neil. Yes Ryan. Listen you know that you just played that thing they're a Roy and I'm just think you're all the stuff. Roy. Yeah. You know that he's using that and one of his crew's folks promote something for him. Yes I do. You know it's not even a stand-in the back with any after you've just stopped for something for him. Roy. Of course you're right listen it takes up time for me to stumble over his own little tongue. You want me to take a lot of balls. Okay. All right I think he's doing stop of commercials by the way. I don't want to say who told me but when he does a spot it takes 75 re-takes and they have to patch it together with a page as glue. You know what I'm talking about? Roy. Hey he'll be great on the year down there on the fan. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes sir. I just want to know does Wayne think he can buy everything in the state of Florida because today they're voting at the City of Miami Commission meeting to the Korean and monopoly giving all the garbage service to his new company. And I'm curious how far he thinks he can take these monopolies throughout the state. As far as the letterman. How do you get people to stop them? I mean it's going to be so happy. You don't. 560560 pound 560 or maybe just stop making so much garbage. Here's a good idea. Stop creating garbage. If everybody would stop creating garbage right now. Wayne's whole Southern Sanitation Museum of Business tomorrow. Stop eating, stop doing that too. No more garbage. Well, that goes right down in old shoes so we can't get ahold of that. In fact, maybe that's a good idea. Like those old Cuban women that put in little box after they split. Why? That may be a good idea instead of flashing the down just to get in the garbage there. And maybe all the garbage people go out on strike to be. Swimming all over the place. Like back when Channel 4 was doing those damn cool or rectal exams through the mail at time and the postal men were like. Swimming from it. And they said, oh, maybe not such a good idea. Kind of a crappy idea. That little leakage problem. 560 50 50 50 65 50 60 on the 18 and T. Wireless line. I mean, when you think of garbage, don't you always think of Wayne? Uh-huh. Here's a lady in the lady mobile and Davy. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. I think that the reason why I only sense him here as far as because he probably was the guy that's smart underwood and Michigan. We don't hear trying to get his spot in the bathroom. Come down here from Lansing to take the job, man. Yeah. Thanks, we'd all right. Can we believe that? Huh? 560 50 50 50 50 50 50. Hey, they're out there, baby. I'm telling you, that's the callers, man. They're not outraged. Everything's a big fricking joke. There's no outraged. There's no goddamn sense of shame. By the way, Carol says that if you saw him in the streets, you would run him down. I just go in here, Carol. We'll try to arrange it. You know, he's slow. He's got those athletic knees. But you ought to see him move when you hit the gas. Yeah, a lot of faxes here. And of course, the people on the faxes. They know what it's all about. Here's Bokeh. Hello. I need to know how are you? Okay, sir. 560 50 50 50 60, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. You're so old and you're so tired with your AIDS lines and with your build Tanner line. You're so boring and you're so pathetic. Why don't you go over there to, you know, the West Coast. They're having problems. They're sure. They're over enjoying him. Okay. Maybe you can hang out with Fred Phillips over in to pick it. Kansas too. Why do I have it? Ascle. Faggot. 560 50 50 50 50, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. See, one thing I've discovered and you can take this to the bank and make a big deposit with it. And that is that people who are obsessed with sexual, whatever anybody else is doing. Especially with homosexuality. Those people are the closet cases. Every single time no exceptions make no mistake about it. Here's West Palm Beach, Chilla. Any idea? Okay, sir. I can see the towns and a frenzy about the upcoming hockey season. Oh yeah, they couldn't care less. Hey, I got something. I got something. Who could blame him? I know. What kind of a job have they done in promoting the upcoming hockey season? Have you seen a TV spot for the season? I haven't. I haven't either. Haven't seen crap. I know. But I got a question for. I did see the least spot fans. So I have seen crap. I'm sorry. I'm doing a fantasy hockey team. And I was picking my way. Why? Why? Why? If not a fantasy hockey team. Yeah, you don't have to pay. Oh. So I'm not wasting money at least. But anyway, the last winner on the whole list of the lowest, the lowest wins was a crazy wealth. Yeah. So I thought you'd like to have. Well, the paper says that we got to keep them. He's terrible. I mean, in this waiver draft that they had yesterday. I mean, Lonnie Bahanes from the least wasn't protected. And Derek King, although they want to pay his money. But I'll take Lonnie Bahanes as a forward any day over Christine Welles. Oh, yeah. What a commentary. He's the only guy that can win any face off. So we better keep him. Yeah. Maybe we should get Garp in off. Maybe maybe now you know, he also wasn't protected. He was also exposed to the waiver draft. That's how much they think came in Atlanta. Yeah. I'd like to ask you a spell, will you? There is no interest whatsoever. None. Zero Zipity Duda. I heard John Burke on what I was seeing this morning. Good job for us last year. Sean, keep it up. Sweetheart, you'll need a lot of work this year. It's going to be really brutal. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, did you see the Miami Harrow? Unfortunately, we have to see it here in Miami. That Mayor Pena got his deal proof by this government for the transportation. We didn't have to pinch in that that that that penny tax. Yeah. He wanted to nail us with. Just wanted to. Okay, thanks for the good news. Nice going there Mayor Penga. Faker, Fony, Charlotton, clown. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where are those lines? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, yes, sir. Hey, I agree with you completely on the OJ thing. I mean, it is an outrage. Not only what the community is responsible for the US stations, the responsibility is done. So, I guess with the people what they'll say around here is, oh, well, you didn't get much responsibility. It doesn't care. They don't give a crap. Well, I'd call on you and you just tell you at least one listener does. So, hey, and I have one other question for you. I love that back street spoof. Do you have your spoof on the on a website or anything like that? Because I'd love to listen to you. No, but on the best of, they'll be a spec starting Friday. Best of all. Cool. And that's on there, too, by the way. Great. Thanks. Okay, have a great day. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. You know, something I could talk like for 3 hours and 45 minutes every day. And still have to go through the same exercise. That's how weak the call in audiences in this town. Week. I mean, tragic. Pathetic. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Hey, you know how you're doing. Okay, sir. I don't know if you've got a chance to hear that sheriff in the bigot from the roof. This morning, he was on the day. I don't know if I just something. I've had 6,000 faxes about the sheriff over there on a west coast. We got our own situation going on over here. Nobody here cares about the sheriff over there on a west coast. Okay. With all the respect to my listeners over there in Fort Myers. Nobody here cares about that. We got our own faxious up here in Broward County. And we got our own other things that I've talked here for 2.5 hours about today. And I got 700 copies of the same the faxious on the machine here. We used to 90% of the paper. I put the goddamn fax machine first this morning. Nobody here cares. We don't even know who that is. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. What's it all about? Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. I got one thing to say really that, uh, make me nervous just for your safety. If you beat OJ since in, uh, in the ratings just horribly like you're going to opt for the ratings. What are you talking about? I mean, if he was on your radio station, um, you're not going to be on our radio station. Well, that's good. Because that I mean, I would hate for him to get upset and come after you with the night that would be like the end all. Yeah. We already know he has for 10th season towards violence. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the bulletin. Thanks for the morning, sir. He has the 10th season towards violence. Anybody agree with that? 10th season towards violence. In fact, wasn't that what they said about Salotso and Godfather one. He's good with a knife. Remember that? And he's good with a knife. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello there. Yes, sir. Last summer, uh, when I was in Southern California, uh, they had a bumper sticker for sale. They'd go OJ go. I bought one. I put it on my front bumper. See you. Okay. Pretty weak. Yeah, pretty weak. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, five, sixty on the 80. Like I said, he's got those arthritic knees. Give me a handicap, will you? Nobody repulses you more. Hi, Felicia. Gee, I love your dress. And your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? God, shit. I thought these had and shoulders a long time ago. I mean, honestly, who wrote down their shoulders anyway? Yeah, right. So, what are you using now? Well, it's like head and shoulders only without all those added. It's just called Chad. Let's film about girls. Just your tie and down your own ham too. And then you can wear some clothes and be a little bit more. Yeah, yeah. No, remember, why did you have to feel better if you get some hair? Wow. What are you doing? I get that. Lots of places, chick. You can stop by my place later, and I'll be happy to give you this hair. And in a few minutes, I'll have some shampoo, silks and blow dry. You don't miss a link, do you? Tencent of free. But is it expensive? Not at all, chick. I'd rather says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10. Darling, that's that price. Everyone should be getting hand. That's right, chick. When you say head, you set a mouthful. Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Belotty. From prison all industry. You should get him. First of lubricate each limp hair follicle, leading an erect listening shaft. Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root, leading your hair soft, shiny, and exhausted. Nothing does the job like head. Great. Can I get head from my hairdresser, Bruce? Probably, but you might want to try your girlfriend first. So I'm gonna get some head today. Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna work for the mama all night. Yeah, yeah, no, no better than your real career. So that's the head, and you get head, go and knock these steps. What hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. I'm available to price. You won't find hard to swallow, and it's going down every day. Honey, we're out of cellphones. Can you go out and get some head? What did you say? I said, I want you to go out and get head. Oh, thank you. Sweet Jesus. I'm going down down. And that makes a great holiday gift. Last Christmas, why don't you make some head? Then I gave her a throne necklace. I've never seen her so choked up. My girlfriend used to get me head, and then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get a Durgan bloat in a national view. That's right. When she tried to be well-horned, she asked me to go out and get me a gun. And I said, I'm gonna get head in the tower. You wanna pump in head? You can't go to the world. No, no, no. If we buy a house, you'll get to the tower. And get a head, and get in the tower. The world I've got. You can't get me out better than you did, though. You'll see your better gift you did, though. Oh, yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Head shampoo. Come on. Give it a shot. Come on. Hi, Eric looks great. This is using that. 136, 160, WQA, and 560, 505, 60, pump 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's my me Lake, cello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a long time a admirer of your show, but I'm back to differ with that one. I'm taller at was praising the combination of you and Hank. I don't think it will ever get better than when you and Phil were teamed up together. Yeah. That was a pivotal moment in all our lives, I think. Well, you know, it's interesting. Somebody said to me this morning that if people were smart, which he's not, he would put the Phil replays online from 2 to 5. Exactly. Like after my show, but of course, he's not smart. So we don't do it. Yeah. It would be, that would be asking too much. Yeah. Comment on Mr. Underwood. I think it's easy. I think it's easy to dismiss him as a pathetic click. But when you come to think of how his mom and his grandmother has beaten into his empty head that his life that took on is the devil, you know? Yeah. That's maybe he can be a folk song. What was that call, you know, was that awful cult that done it? Yep. Okay, pal. Okay. Yeah. 560, 505, 505, 609. It's going there. Jimmy, we could be special in it. And we don't come no more special in the matrix. I'll tell you that. Here's a mobile and for a lot of deal. Hello. The Dmitry is under which stabbed himself. Did he stab himself? Yeah. No, the dog done it. Yes, he did stab himself. Sir, it was an attempted suicide. Oh my god. And like I said, if OG would have been there, they got to job done. I'm going to ask him about it. Okay. There you go. Second. Huh? 5605, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line cross I already said that about five or six times today. Can't be listening all four hours for Christ. Can I? No. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Yeah, I was going. Okay, sir. Hey, good. I want to comment about that. Mindy Beach shootin' that just happened. And all those people going crazy. Yeah. You know, talking about this guy. He's out of control. He's shot four other people. And obviously he recognizes a criminal. And whenever. You know, we feel threatened. I'm a law enforcement officer. You know, we got to go home and unite to your families. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? What's your comment on how they're back to down there? How they're reacting is insane. I'm acceptable. And like I said earlier, every time somebody gets pissed off about something this down, they want, yeah, it's one thing if you get a permit and you want protests in front of city hall, in front of the police station, in front of the coast car off, head quarters. But keep disrupting the whole guy damn town. It's unacceptable. It's out of control. And then just like last time I got out of control down here in Highly and the mayor went down there and punched the guy out. That guy had to be taking a jail. Ridiculous. Yeah. You know, I don't know what America's coming to here. Okay, guys. Deal with the car. And got a rap sheet longer than my arm and leg. He does. Did. Probably a lawyer than you think too. And my long letter of net. Okay, hanging there, pal. All right. You were about to your thing. I'll worry about mine. I'm not too worried. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. I think I'd any bigger by now. It's not going to happen. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, by the way, spin in that. Wow. All this OJ crap I'll have to save this for a rainy day. Article about a guy who's got a 13 and a half inch penis in here by the way. A very long article, long piece. I mean, real long. But nevertheless, we'll save that for a rainy day. Here's the mobile and tempered pie and pillow. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, buddy, how you doing? Okay. All right. Think about it. I've been in that golf form. Maybe I'd have to go to a finger printer or something. I'm going to have your thumb print on the so-jane there. Now you're talking. A couple weeks ago, the sun sent a lot. They said that the fanfords were shopping poorly long. It was very validity to that. Are they trying to get rid of them or something? Not if they got any brains. They're not. What do they want to do that for? I don't know. They had to do it with a small paragraph at the bottom of the page. And they were trying to get rid of a few people were chopping them around. I'll just curious. Yeah, the latest rumor I heard is they were going to trade for Kevin Hatcher. I'm trying to think of who the other they were going to get rid of. Which I can't think of at the moment. But nothing's happening. They're like they're frozen. They're in suspended animation. Nothing is happening. Ah. Okay. Different. Do you use a rain-exotic on your windshield? No. No. They sell some stuff at Walmart. It's got the rain that's going into the windshield water flow. It's great. Okay. You're going to love it. Thanks. Okay. And you can also stick a little near in your rectum. That's like the show. Yeah. I don't want to reach that far. 560, 560, if you can only see Joe Costello they meant. You look like you're just ready to go into a coma. That's feeling. Doesn't feel good. He's got a bad headache. He doesn't feel good. He's sorely. He's not happy to be here like a captive audience in here today. He wants to be where he can go lay down. Like an e-gore's lap in the other room. I'm depressed by the OJ thing. Yeah. Right. What are you depressed about? You know what I want you to airheads you work with around here? You're depressed about as all the money that's. I can't get out of this place. That's real. No, he's not in this head. Yeah. 60 grand to do what? Fill in the blank. What is it that you're doing here Roy? Somebody would like to know. Besides screwing up our golf tournament. Besides trying to embarrass and humiliate the rest of us. What is it that you're doing here my friend? Roll. Come on. We'd like to know. This ex-jocating Howard Co-Sale head is thumb right on at Baby. The Jococracy are destroying every goddamn thing in America. Everything. I bet you sooner or later they'll probably get their finger in the fish food to the probably screw that up. You watch. If you're head out of the tank, Roy you're acting silly. I think just tasted your sniper. Are you an A-hole? How about a mother ever? You can be, when you attend the U-Pomistic Profanity Seminar. Come and do a Ramana Inn at an airport near you. That's where a U-Pomistic Profanity Instructor will show you how to use Cartoon Exodus in place of the word you really want to say. For example, at a first-life disc, Mike proven their assing. Hey, you don't sit on the rig. Holy shit. You fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fuck. But after just one seminar with a U-Pomistic Profanity Instructor, the scene can completely change. Hey, you're a-the same on the rig. Yeah, no, father, father, keep it. Crackers. You're court-soulting, son of a fucker. Better, you bet. You see the system of U-Pomistic Profanity is easy to learn. Because it's been perfected over thousands of years. And used by the world's most virtuous people. Hey, banger, no, you're holy, miss. Please watch your stack where we just had a devetic and flow leftover. Let's do my son. What the fuck? We get pussy-footing motherfuckers who put bitch fucking ass for things. Check out the extra flair and fucking father. So what are you waiting for? You motherfucker, ever? Don't let embarrassing user profanity rip you a new A-hole. Sign up for a seminar in U-Pomistic Profanity. And you'll say, I'm not gonna be a fucking shit-less source. Slam of a bitch to whale. Thank you. 143 at 560 WCM, the Hank O'Burshow Act. Cool city coming up at 2. Where do we be going? We're going to Miami, hello. I am. Yes, sir. How was our doing in the morning? How was he doing? I didn't even look at that. One moment, please. All right. 2554 wacky. I must have been a real heavy ethnic. I'm not an ethnic, first. I'm on the page with the worst team. I'm sorry about that. Oh, radio-almoor. Another big station is number one to 7.62554. How are there number two to 747 is last run? Okay. It had been, uh, heading shoulders. You've over the phone, you last track was not even funny. You agree with me, right? No, I don't. Oh, come on. Bob and Tom. Bob and Tom, who by the way blow Howard away, but nevertheless, blow this. Head and shoulders bit is not funny. Man, you're pathetic. Find another Julio. What do you spell? To do a radio a mor. 560705060, pound 560, on the AT&T wireless line. There's more humor in five minutes of the, by, in fact, there's more humor in one good Bob and Tom comedy, but then Howard, any of five Howard shows put together. If you took sex and dikes on a Howard show, what do you got left? What do you got left? Here's my me, Lake. So long. Hey, New York. How are you? Okay, sure. Good. I don't want to be a hippocreat, sort of first thing I want to say is, I'm just stressed out by the protests yesterday, by the individuals who were speaking out against the shooting. You know, I told you when the members of the Latin community went out and put their to it, and I'm a black man. And I'm going to call you when the, when the year comes, going to, right? It would. And one said, like, the being a black man, I've went to school, right? So like, well, that's what it means is that New York is as wrong as long. So first of all, we don't, we don't know yet whether or not the shooting was justified. to have a benefit and to go out and do this for people to have a benefit as well. Well, then this has become a fashionable thing down here that is every time there's some scumbag that commits some horrendous crime right away, everybody pretends that they were there and they were the circumstances. And in this case, they don't. And when you look like I said to the cop that call with this guy's ratchet, this guy was obviously a real piece of crap. You ready for the kicker, though, Neil? The gag who led yesterday's focus, our Bishop of Reverend Victor Curry. Yeah. One who sat down and buddy that old tree last year when he came down in the town. Oh, you got my thoughts? They are the radio stations. I won't say you call that a person. You are not. WNBM. Oh, you mean that five watt pieces of the guy over there? He sat down and interviewed him. But he definitely wouldn't even ever think of it. So you have to think he's got things for justice, but he sat down and interviewed you. Oh, my brother did her one in the middle. Oh, hop, hop, hop, hop. How about we rest this for those two dead people? Have a good one, Neil. And back to it. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on a 18 T wireless line. I'm surprised Jesse ain't here yet to take care of that business, huh? I'm surprised we don't have Jesse. And he was too busy up there in Tallahassee. It's fan you taking care of that. Doing his jumping and driving and his same-biter's dance every day. I mean, don't know people understand how ridiculous that makes them look when they do that stuff. You ever seen that? When they get up there and start doing a preaching and they're sharing, whatever they call that charismatic, crazy, say it by this answer to your opinions. Crazy stuff. I mean, we know that would your battle in this crazy to begin with. Why do you have to prove it? Here's Carl Gables, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going, buddy? OK. I have an aggressive look today. Yeah. Neil, let me ask you a question. Go ahead. I want to be on the day. I'm not going to say the leadership name because I don't want to prove it. I want to be on the day for a television. And correct me for more. Well, you know, the name is mine. All the pieces you see. He won't. He might all the pieces locally. Of course. He owns a whole bunch of them. He's a crazy man. Oh, no, that guy's going to borrow my toy at him. That's right. Your toilet paper. And he's backing your garbage for money. OK, pal. Wayne's got your mind. The short hair is OK. Should never say why the short hair is when you're talking to Joe, though. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50 on a 60 and T wireless line. Here's a lady in plantation, hello. Hello. Yes. I just like to say something as a never-if-fun one of the guided ways. And I work with a lot of aid for the organizations that I find it appalling that they would have a man who has a chance to use character to come to a fundraiser. Right. Hi, great. And I'm very clear to them that the people who said a one didn't want any party in there. And we did touch space with the people over there who end. They were very unhappy about it. And of course, I'm very happy. And I'm very happy. Live today. We'd be horrified. Thank you for speaking out about this. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Yeah, I mean, you know, it's our, this is the thing that a lot of people don't seem to understand. It's not like it's optional. It's not like, I mean, if I had nothing to do with it, if I wouldn't have promoted it, that's their business. It's still what have been grow tested made the station looks stupid. But nevertheless, I wouldn't feel so bad. But when they come to me and they want me basically to put my like stamp of approval on and be involved in it. And it's like, we want to do something extra for your charity that you're so involved in Neil. And even though you don't give a crap about golf, we can raise the extra money. Which by the way, did we ever find out how much money we raised for the center one with this thing? No. The tournament was over the weekend. You think by now we would know, wouldn't you? Did we find out if we raised anything? No, have no idea. But they're doing this because they want to do something extra for a charity that I care about and our stuff goes on sale. It's specced by the way, this Friday, October one, I'll be at Saudress, this Saturday from noon to two. As we begin the eight million here of our fundraisers. And this is why it's like, if I, it's just like a slap in the faces, what it is, it's just slapping a freaking face. Like they're going to show me a thing or two. It's like a bunch of little children like I told you before, they're in control. And they're going to show us who's running this place. And no matter what you people out there think, okay, matter how much your melody or drama you think there is involved in this, it's all freaking true. You got a whole multi a million dollar radio operation here. You got some of us who've been years and years and years in his business, who've invested our whole goddamn lifetime in his business. And we have to be our art lively and has to be dependent on a bunch of game players. I'm a bunch of little children in a sandbox with their pale and shovel. Who for some strange reason, which in about 10 or 15 minutes, I think I'm going to start getting the answers to for some strange reason, they call the shots around here. It could basically do whatever to hell you want. What kind of crap is that? That was never part of the deal. I agreed to come over here. There were a whole bunch of things about part of the deal when I was told, I was given more goddamn stories when I come over here than you can check your thing at. And so far about the only thing that's been lived up to has been the money. Okay, because it's written in goddamn platinum in a contract. Other than that, nothing. Oh yeah, we can go 50,000. What? State of the art studio. Oh, you know, skies on all this promotion. When I came here, by the way, I was told that Greg Reid told me that they were going to have a billboard campaign. The months before I...