The BJP. The 1.5 hour 19 AM A review of BS 1 1 2 AFRUSья and 바로 axion 8inebrake. The 2.5 hour 19 AM A review of BS 2 2 AFRUS spreads seeth experiments forおい dogs. Sir of course will be night vision with Lord Mathieu made news to watch. Ms. I asked him, sir of course will be about 10 testing papers. The 1 2 AFRUS or 26 Prevention and Circuits and Scholar Classics with the 2.6 hour VA payroll for the latest test check. The act is set and it's out there now. There's lady inside. She's another doctor. Oh, and she needs to vibrate. That is unleashed, everyone. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. And she's buying reddit seven. He's living up. All right. All right. All right. All right. The bread is what you do. All right. The bread is what you do. All right. All right. The bread is really what you do. Perfectly wondering what else going on here. So I've sent a one at five, 60 WQM. Happy Monday to it. Happy Pace-Off. Happy Easter. It's a good idea to say one thing. The media is sick and it's hot badly. Oh, God. You talk about a non-story getting whipped up into a frenzy in this town over nothing. Does anybody with a brain with a brain? Do you have a crap about some stupid ballgame in Havana? No. No. I mean, when is this going to stop? Is it ever going to stop? No. No. Long after the bearded one is the, oh, and by the way, speaking of the bearded one, just what I need to hear is guilty's opinion of what the cancer will look like at the the game yesterday, sitting between Peter Angela and Budsula. Okay, that's a good looking guy. Yeah, right. That's why I need to hear it. What does that mean? What does that? You know, hearing some little pipsquake, you're pontificating about world events and world affairs and cultural exchanges. Yeah. That's what I feel about that. I mean, give me a break already. Will you? Don't get a guy that's not transplant or something. Get out of my face. But I mean, a non-story. And Mike, I want to tell you, I'm going to name some names. Michael, Putney, White Latterdale, and anybody else over there, Channel 10, which I only saw two or three minutes of it during Channel surfing yesterday. I must have been lucky because what the first thing I saw before the game started. We tried to not watch any of the game. Thank God before that stupid baseball game started, I'm flipping over there and they got some reporter out there. They're breathlessly. Oh, well, where it's some of the neighborhood that bar a little guy. And people have got very strong emotions about this and most of them are really whipped up into a friendly and are upset about this game being played. And so they go, there's maybe like 10 people sitting at tables in there. All seem to be having a pretty good time talking about, I'm sure anything about baseball game. Talking about getting laid probably. And we go over to some young guy with like a little facial hair. You know, decent looking like a human being. And while what do you think about this big game? Well, I'm a big baseball fan. And I think, you know, it's really good this far as a cultural exchange between the US and Cuba. I think it's good. Well, we don't want to talk to you anymore. Now back to you, Michael. I mean, did he ever pee on air parade or a nice go answer? Oh, that I'm coming to work this morning. And, you know, I'm in between CDs. Air v. Single time. I've punched up this station. I mean, Pat Riley's having a nervous breakdown in the heater folding like an accordion. Pivell burry is out for the year, probably. Sean Burke is God. Save this dead game last night at a tie. Still hanging around for that playoff spot, maybe. NCAA finals. The Marlin baseball season starts in a few days. There are more big things going on in sports. And what are they talking about again? Pat Pat Pat Pat Pat Pat Pat. A total absolute non-story. Now, the one call I did here, because I punched it up a couple of times sitting in here and you saw your witness. I wasn't listening, but two or three and every, every call that I heard with the same thing. I'm a Cuban American. Wow, let's give you a goddamn why a Baroness and guacamole, okay, congratulations. Who the hell cares? Nobody cares. See, I hate to break the news to you. And I heard one great call 10 to 10. I've clicked it on. And here's an older Cuban guy. Great. I want to say I want to salute you, okay. If I'm accident, you're still listening. It says, you know, you Anglo-State and they're starting to sound like an audio-mombie in all the hysterical Cuban media. With all your pandering and audio- whipping up a frenzy, let's you do about nothing. Let those two or 300 old farts who play in Domino Park with each other with the Domino's, let them be the ones who are always screaming. I'm not saying, I'm not saying, I'm not saying, I'm not saying, I'm not saying, I'm not saying, we help with the del, okay. Let them do it. Anybody else with a brain? Let's talk about what's going on in the real world today. I mean, the pandering, I'm every chiropractor in this town is going to be overbooked for weeks now with all the bending over the pandering that's been going on with the local media unbelievable. And then, of course, the politicians, Lincoln, D.A.s. Bullart, we all know about him. He's an asshole. Yeah, this wasn't the Orioles in the Cuban baseball players. This was, this was the del Castro and Bill Clinton, is what I was. I hate to break the news to you, Lincoln. Mr. Heifeinated whatever you were. Hate to break the news here. I think Bob is probably got more important things to worry about, right, right at the present moment than some stupid baseball game in a van. Do you want to talk about it? Uh-huh. Like dropping loads a lot of bomba. That's what we're worried about. I mean, you know, maybe there may be, maybe I'll be the only one because it happens all the time. I'm the only one that's got the balls and I know I'm not making this up because I talked to a lot of people, especially if the ball games different places, the hockey games talked to a lot of people. And he, almost, virtually every one of them knows tells me the same thing about what comes to this topic. They've had it. We're not just saturated, we're over saturated. We got cancer coming out of our ears coming out of our eyes, coming out of our rectums and whatever other parts you got. We don't care anymore. He's not going anywhere. And to show you the height of hip hypocrisy, all you hyphenated self-identified so-called Cuban effing Americans who were calling this station this morning. And I'm sure a radio mom being every other goddamn station that would listen to your bullcraft when the big dressed up one was there with his gown and his beanie on his cap. When the Pope was there not too many months ago, and the media of the same thing, from that Cristiana Amanporan CNN, to everyone of you other fakers on channel 10, channel 7 every channel that's ever been invented, you were over there sucking his ass, the Pope. Oh, yeah, so these things are going to change and the Pope is going to have religious freedom and Fiddels going to get an awakening. And what have you been about? Did any of that happen? No, no. Did it change anything? No. Not anymore than a stupid baseball game yesterday. Changed anybody's opinion about that bearded asshole. Not one little tiny Iyota anybody with a brain nose in. And this town suffers. This town suffers enormously. Not from those couple of hundred people down there are domino part, but from a media that continues pandering relentlessly, from a spinalist, gutless, pathetic media that continues pandering and whipping this frenzy up and making something out of nothing, on an absolutely nothing. They showed a story about a bunch of kids 10, 11, 12, you know, we have these cultural exchange programs that have been going on for 20 or 30 years now. Butch, 10 and 12 year old kids played baseball against a bunch of 10 and 11, 12 year old Cuban kid just a couple of days ago. Did anybody complain about that? No. We have musicians, we have artists, we have all kinds of cultural stages going on all the time like we did with the Chinese, with the Russians, with everybody, no matter how brutal their dictatorship should be. We have people to people on a different level exchange programs that always have gone on. And I'm sure that on the third of May or whatever the date is when the Cuban team plays up there in Baltimore. I'm sure that Peter Angela's will supply plenty of cell phones and playing tickets to the Bahamas so that Joe Kuba's can pass them out. Maybe inflatable rubber wraps. Huh? Because that's what this is all about. And the same guys like Dan LaBaston who wrote that ridiculous article about the Marlins Win and the World Series and it wasn't the fact that the Marlins won or that it was Miami's team that won. It was that Levon. I'm at Cuba and I'm at Cuba and you're like we really care Dan, but by the way, get off our phone and they're Dan LaBaston. You jack as you idiot. You simple then. We all know about him. He's an asshole. Yeah. And now the Saturday he's got this his. They're all why this is so wrong. And he's all emotional and again fanning the flames. Why is it wrong? Where the hell did Levon grow up? Where did he get his education? Where did he get his training? Where did he develop his band? His brother as well? Where did they become great baseball players? It wasn't and you were slavia. It wasn't an expensive color. It was an oh no I won't say it. What a polycrap. I could be wrong. Like I said, I think I'm speaking for the majority of rational saying people who live in this town who have had it who are tired of all this super emotional hysterical crap. I'm tired of hyphenated human beings. I'm tired of African-American, Cuban-American, Italian-American, Jewish-American, everybody was hyphenated. I'm sitting there at the hockey game last night. I saw some Jewish beanie babies with their yoloca sewn in their hair. Which always makes me want to sit down and cry when I see that. That their parents forced them to walk around with this blemish on their head. I thought it was terrible. I have to wear the tattoo. I have to wear something on your body that identified you as filling the blank whatever. But now we got to have, oh yeah, I got to have the Jewish beanie big. And I thought, wouldn't there be great if all of these 18,000, 19,000 people sitting here if there were no labels? No Jews, no Gentiles, no anything. No angloes, no spicks, no nothing. Wouldn't that be great? 10, 15, to 5, 60. I see we have a little more technical to feel really, but I'll get to that a little while. I got a couple of really interesting stories. I think they're interesting and disturbing, but nevertheless. So Friday night, I'm at the Aepathas National hockey game in the Mac Arena. It's before the game starts. I get their nice and early. I like to watch practice. I like to sit there, soak up the atmosphere of whatever's going on in there that loud in the music. And you know, people are always nice to sit right there on the end of the row in my section. What do I sit in 101? And people always come up and say hi. They smooth for a couple of minutes. We talk hockey, talk about whatever they want to talk about. Always very nice people. But some sitting there and it's Fat Lady. Maybe it was the lady from Phoenix. I don't think so. She wasn't that fat. This fat lady kind of like middle-aged younger than I am with her little daughter. She comes modeling up to stairs with a big smile on her face. Are you near Rogers? I said, yes. Oh, well, well, you know, how come on your show? You're always chewing out people that wear uniforms of other teams beside the panties. I said, I've never said that. Ever. Oh, yes. I hear you saying that and they have to, I said, no, the only thing I did was she was a phony fan. So we're wearing uniforms because the red wings were going to stand in a couple of years in a row. And all of the sudden these people pretend to be red wing fans. I don't care what anybody. How come though you're wearing that naipoli jacket? See, it may sound like a silly little story. But this is a symptomatic of everything that's wrong with the world. How come you're wearing that naipoli jacket? I said, I've been Toronto fan for 40 years. That's number one with me. Naipoli is number one. Panther's number two. Yeah, but they're not even playing here tonight. You said you need to be supporting our team. I said, I am supporting our team. I'm here and I'm rooting for our team. But yeah, but you're wearing that, and she like waddle the way. Now, I must have been in a very mellow, very good mood because ordinarily I would have told that everything bitch. I have to answer to you. If I want to come here and a guy damn pink gown, if I want to come here dressed up like Santa Claus, what is that you're effing business lady? How do you like that? She's giving me, she's giving me a song to dance. That's fucking bitch. Because I'm wearing my maple leaves jacket. Maybe she can alope with that jacket as bitch. They make her good pair together. Those two. I said they're like days like thinking of myself, what kind of an asshole, what kind of a sad excuse for a human being comes up to somebody and giving me a little mini lecture about how my entire should be. It's a good thing she wasn't there last night. I'd seen me with my bedroom slippers on because I had that little tiny boobal one. I told him being diabetic, even though it's no problem, I just take no chances. Okay? That I don't want to irritate it and have it turn into some infection and be hobbling around like a cripple. Okay? Not into that. So, you know, if a bother to you that I was wearing those like a pongs or whatever the hell or something, do bad. But here's the woman that makes the effort to come up there to me and give me a little lecture about how come I'm wearing that maple leaf jacket. And I thought to myself, sweetheart, you're what's wrong with a human race and you're especially what's wrong with this town. You're perfect for this area. You're the epitome of what's wrong with this town. A bunch of nosy. I have no life busy bodies running around like a bunch of yentres telling everybody else how to live. What a crock of Hutspa that is. Lady, if I want to come there, we're in a goddamn potato sack over my head, which might be an improvement by the way, that's my business. Okay? That's my effing business, but out of my life. Don't ever come anywhere near me again. I'll tell you off like you never been to right to your face. Okay? Like I said, I must have been in a very mellow mood. I just shouldn't back there, you know, waiting for players to come out for practice. Just minding my own business. How come you wearing that maple leaf jacket? Because I feel like it, okay, bitch, because it's my goddamn business. And if I went away, I'm maple leaf jacket. I've got the New York Yankee cap. I've got them swan hilly outfit. If I went away, a Hussard shuckle like David J. Neil from the Harold does, that's my business. Okay? All the way to hell, does you wear that? And see, there you go. See, I take back what I said. He's got a right to wear that, if he wants to look like a clown. He's got a right, no, seriously. He's got a right to do it. If Dr. Mark wants to go, there were the big red nose on his own thing there. Like a patch at him, those, he's got a right to do that, even though we may laugh a lot of the joint. Call Truth and Packaging. And then story number two, okay? I don't even know how to approach this story. Because Friday we had an and also two weeks that we've been in the studio today, the beginning of week number three. We've had some technical problems. We've had some phone problems. I mean, George is phone and there he hasn't worked for over a week. Didn't couldn't communicate with the outside world. Our phone lines on here are suspected best. Line eight doesn't ring. They don't roll over. God only knows what's going on in here. And we've been reporting this to the powers that be the engineers, the program director, this one that one day after day after day after day and Friday for me, that was just the ultimate. Friday was the the last couple hours of Friday. That was as much as I was going to take. So I got hold and I got on a phone with our general manager, Greg Reed. And this is no exaggeration. I'm going to tell you exactly what went down during that conversation. Now, let me before I go into that though, let me let's flash back about 15 months to our first days on this station after all the lies about, well, we're going to build you that studio. We're going to get you a state of the art equipment. We're going to, uh, yeah. And then first of all, but it come to find out that they weren't going to have the studio ready for December 30th for me to go back on a year. Does he call me? In fact, this is after a series of times the evades taken by phone calls. This is a guy I have signed up with that come to work for. Okay. Won't return my phone calls. Hiding like a scared child who just took Rob the cookie jar. And he has the program director called me up to tell me, well, uh, stuff wanted me to call you. We got bad news. Well, guess what? It is going to be ready. Or we'll see you're asking court and guess what? They was ready. It wasn't great, but it was ready. So then December 30th comes around after those nightmares about giving equipment in the last of which the last part of what showed up the night before we were going to go near. We had seven months. Actually, we had 10 months because I signed the deal with them three months before I got my paid vacation from my buddy, but passion 10 months for them to get their crap together and do it right. Could they do it? No. So the night before we're like on pins and needles, we're have still where haven't spilted, we're having spilties over whether this studio is going to be ready to one downstairs for us to do a radio show on this station. Come into the show the next day. Where's Greg Reed? Where's our courageous leader? Where's Mr. Hotchout? What is bigger expenses? So it was running around. Hey, on the sports haven, where's he in Chicago? Turn tail and left pound for a week. Fearing the worst, knowing that there would be a series of technical screwups, which of course there were, but we see, you know, we worked through them. But not wanting to be here, not wanting to face the music. Spineless. That would be the understand of the century. So now we flash for the Friday in my phone call. And I call them up and I wasn't screaming on the phone, but I was the next best thing to highly agitated over the fact that we're trying to do a show and hear and our stuff don't work. And we have no communication with the outside work and got only, you know, who knows what's going on? And we're being told, well, you know, the phone company's been alerted, they'll come in whatever they feel like it basically, like taking a number in a delicate test and standing online or in a bakery. Yeah, your number six hundred, we'll get to you someday. It's not how it works in this business, but when you talk this business, you're speaking a language that this man doesn't speak, doesn't understand. And it was a phone conversation where he was saying goodbye almost before I was saying hello. Seriously, you could just, you could just see him wheezing down into the chair, stalking under his desk and like, oh, let's see, you know, well, Bob so and so from corporate is here today, he's the next word on a phone from, I'm going to get right with him and I'll call you back. I will call you right back. You're going to be at home? Yes. Okay, I'll call you back. I'll get back to you, Diana. So I'm sitting there watching guiding light or whatever I'm doing picking my nose. By the way, one ninety seven on the scale of the day. I was here for an evening. Luxury or seventy four this morning, no pills. I got him. I finally doing it right. Oh, thank you by the way, Sonny, that was a parting ejector for my good friend, Sonny Hirsch. I mean, he died of coronary artery disease. He died because he was fat. You know, I was trying to he was fat. In fact, the one article in the paper said that he used to say to guys, let's go have a meal before dinner. And he did. He liked the East. He was a great guy, but he was fat. He died from fat. But I'll get back to that. So anyway, about an hour later, the phone rings about ten minutes to four. And I'm taking all his red red call me back. Maybe we got some phone company involved in this. We're going to solve those technical problems. And it's the voice of our program director, Duff Lindsey. Oh, Greg wasn't feeling well. He had to go home. And he wanted me to call you. Daja who all over again. Unbelievable. Act just a series of active cowardice. He can't face the music because he doesn't speak the language. Unconcernal. He wanted me to call you. Here's a man who had mono that was, and I didn't make that up by the way. He was around the building and affecting potentially infecting people all week long. I kept saying, well, you know, go home. You look, you know, your nose is red. You got mono. Go home. They'll be taking a chance in a highly contagious. But somehow he managed to work all the way through the week. All every day last week. Until about three, 30 on Friday when he was supposed to call me back. And he couldn't find a corporate guy who'd already left to take care of the phone. And rather than call me back and make up some kind of an answer, all of a sudden, he got so we're letting him go home. And lay it off on a PD to call me and go, up, up, up like that. I said, so where do we stand off anyway? Eeeeh! Like that. And this is the way things go down. So those of you out there think, oh, you know, Neal's always caring on. I tell Tia exactly the way it goes on. Exactly. I don't have to embellish it. I don't have to exaggerate. I don't have to do anything, but just lay it out there for you to smell and sniff, you know, and recognize what it is, a big pile, smoldering heaping pile. Well, guess what comes to find out that the phone company actually got the rest in here. And in fact, the guy was already here finally on Friday when I made the call. George has fallen works today. Oh, this fall and work yet. We don't know. We have no idea. There's one call on there. Maybe it will. Maybe it won't. I don't know. But this is what we're up against here. We're up against the place where they don't speak to language at all. It's not part of the itinerary here. I mean, the fact that we have a lot of people in South Florida refused to speak to the right language. Maybe that kind of fits right in with the whole ambiance to a QAM. The man doesn't speak the language of radio in any way, shape or form. He doesn't speak the language of doing business are responding to things. I mean, anybody can be a schmoozer and a, you know, good time trial. Anybody can do that. But taking care of business like this song says, it takes somebody with a little concept to speak to right language. Can they do it here? No, no. So I just mentioned that in passing as another astonishing chapter in the ongoing legacy of Greg Reed. I'm a big shot because I got the Marlon game. Anybody want to buy any Marlon spot? No. Okay. By the way, don't forget to Friday. We got that big Marlon exhibition game 1250. We are final short show of the preseason. And now we see the president getting ready to deliver his address. He's in the oval office with the gold drapes behind him and he is preparing to address the American people. Music, please. Mothel, Americans. I'll have the bloyed R for us as the put up a fight in a place called Kosovo outside of Albania. We're all the messa, don't use go. Right there in Kosovo, we're gonna blow away. A rocker being muslims in the KLA. Slop out of my loveless of it is mad because his nickname is Slop. Later up Kosovo, precast and Pope Chetticacaddy, Angla Goldack, Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Herzegovania, Serbia, Fristina, Adriatic, C. N. I. Kosovo, that's where I told A. Two, Two Boyd, our Blades and Go. And I'll make some bell grade ends there. And you go, Malton, they grow. And they come with some there. Exactly. 1031 at 560W, come in by the way, Rimmer bought dinner on Saturday. The Ruth Chris. Mark that down. Okay, boys and girls because I don't think it'll ever happen again. Jeff Rimmer bought dinner at Ruth Chris. What do I love that place? God. Now I can go there and do the atkins. I mean 100% perfect. Perfect atkins. And have a meal of a lifetime. The barbecue shrimp and a big juicy rib eye done medium well. Oh God, for all than butter. I will say this if you're stomach's a little sensitive to butter. Don't go, don't get in the car too soon until you're, yeah, that's right. Do a good job and a couple more. But God is at a great place. And then you know, like some of that spinach I'll rotten on the side and some of the brood mushrooms. Not too much. You want to overload the carbs, but great. Just unbelievable. There you go. Thanks, Rimmer. Oh, tell everybody about it. Okay, maybe we can send Pavel the real doctor and get his ass fixed up. Which I could do with like an hour just on that story alone because they've been leading. You didn't I tell you back when he got into the second time. Didn't I tell his audience that all around the rest of the NHL that were reporting that Bray was out for the rest of the scene. Did I say that? Oh, yeah. But here they keep the organization keeps reading us down to garden path and well, maybe he'll be ready. Maybe and he was never going to be ready. His knee is swollen like your goddamn. It's swollen. It's pretty big and then he too. So there was really never any chance he was coming back this year. But of course, they don't want to tell us that. And as a result, I mean, you talk about luck. You talk about falling into a bucket of crap. Sean Burke playing 100 times better and he's never played before like last night on the level. How we get a tie out shot two to one in a game like that last night. It's got to be a major miracle. And you can lay it right there in the hands of Sean Burke. Nice going Sean and Mark Perris that kid to hell of a player. Maybe it's $12,000 bonus and then reading the newspaper coach T.M. says, Oh, Robbie played a great game. Robbie, you played the same coolest game you play every game, coolest useless that drop past. I mean, I started replay when I got a whole last night. He left a little drop past there for Perris who made a great shot for the time. What was the big deal with that? Oh, Robbie played a great game. More propaganda from the organization. They're trying to sell. You know, like Victor, skate around a big circle. She'll never ever shoot. And he just they don't want to shoot it. You know. And then by the way, I don't want to mention any particular doctors on here. But you know, the doctor at Cleveland Clinic that Pavel Bury went to after he got into the second time that begins with an A and then how does it go? And A was the same doctor that looked remember on a head my heel spur? Not the magnet guy. No, no, worse. At least the magnet guy does something. You make kids that pro- no, that was a pro-ologist. This is a, you know, a leg A specialist. A foot up your hand. I mean, a foot specialist. Remember what he did for my bones for nothing. Nothing. Oh, yeah, you stand up against the wall and you shuffle this and, you know, hold your uh, **** in your hand. Whatever. He was talking about nothing. And then nine months it went away by itself after the crack with the magnets nearly ruined my foot. So evidently, he did the same thing for Pavel. So they had a ship him off to Alabama to some expert doctor with a banjo one as me. Just like the other doctor at the Cleveland Clinic. What did he do for my, uh, whole kid? Did he do anything at all? No. No. He looked at me and said, oh, you're allergic to uh, this drug. Was that really allergic to it? No. No. How can you look at somebody and know something? And let's think of measles or chicken box something that's readily obvious. You know what I'm saying? I'm let's think of like a big lump on there. No, it looks uh, like a tumor. But how can you just look at somebody? Oh, yeah. Well, that's classic science. You're right. Pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat. I wouldn't let my dogs go there. But nevertheless, five six seven five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. How come you were in that maple leaves jacket? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes. Neil, I am, did you watch Michael put in yesterday? I saw one minute of it. I was, uh, screaming at the TV. Yeah. I got, I had to call them an answer at least 50 times. This guy was sucking some serious blood. Yes. And the channel was sucking serious. And as you could tell, I'm glad the objectivity was high because everyone of those was a Cuban or Cuban exile. Yeah. Yeah. If they had me on their way, I said, yeah, it's a baseball game. So what? Right. So that me won't be it. But no, you, I got, I have to mirror your sentiment. We are being forced fed. Crap. We don't want to eat. If I could kid when they, they make you eat the broccoli. Right. So I don't want to eat this. We eat your broccoli and they shove it down your throat and you resent it even more. This is where I feel about the Cuban topic. I don't care. Most people don't care. If he's old, crusty Cubans were to die this thing, which is, we don't know, we have a party. Oh, we roasted God damn pig and so good chicken right in the front yard if they would only grow. And leave us to leave the people who are going with their lives instead of being hyphenated to humans. I saw the game. I see a no crusty bearded fart. I'm like, is this what all the who close the bow who cares? There was a goddamn baseball game. The jack and you know what? The same thing. We're open over there. Blackboy. Yeah, where was all, where was all the big, uh, where were all the protesters? We're all the people with a big mouth. We're all the people in the media. The only people like I said, the only people in the media and anything to say when a pope was there, they were sucking both of their ass. All of there is the pope of the dendel and all these wonderful things are going to happen. None of which happened, which anybody with a brain new, they weren't going to happen. Yeah. Absolutely. The media is in a disgrace. It just no object. It's not everybody's kissing the Cuban ass down here. Nobody tells it except you like it is. And you know, something sure you're the only call on the board right now. Where I say, I always do this. I'm the one that sticks my head on the goddamn limit of the tree. I open up a big mouth. I know there's many of the people that feel the same way that I do. You're the only call I got on the board again here. They could put 400 phone lines in here and guess what, and I could have happened on this show. We're done. We're finished. We're finished. We're finished. Oh, but no, no, no, no, no. You're, you're, you're, you're what people are. Well done. Like I wrote a note thing that's been on the spit too long. But no, you've got to understand that the majority of the people do share your story. We're the hell out of the place. Where are they? I'm tired and not having any goddamn verbal support. I'm sick and tired of being the lone god, the invoicing of wilderness with a bunch of deadhead got there. That's what I'm sick and tired of. And by the way, take off that maple leaf jacket. 5, 6, 7, over God. Damn it. Am I sick of this? We sure as hell had no shortage on it. Morning on that second rate morning show this morning with one afternoon other every time. I mean, I only turned it out about four or five times. But every time. But I'm a human American. Well, by your goddamn saying Christopher metal, okay. Congratulations. I'm another hyphenated human being who refuses just to be a living and thinking pulsating breathing is the thing being. I can't stand people who have to like a, oh, I'm a Ukrainian American by way of a Yugoslavia. Well, great. Great. Well, send your ass to Kosovo. Can't see I'm a little bit like your ass. Who cares? All these silly phony artificial labels that people have to use to divide each other like to God damn Irish and to God damn Indians and the Pakistanis and the Jews and Israel and the Arabs and the Orthodox Jews and the Nasa Orthodox Jews and the super Orthodox Jews. I'm the only God damn voice in the world that's going to tell you the truth about this. It's all a polycrack. Because everybody when you come down and that's a good example by the way, when everybody takes a look at all, looks the same and it all smells the same. So I don't care what kind of label you got to text yourself. You're full of, okay, unless you just want to be a living and breathing human being. And start trying to flagulate us with your cubanness or Jewishness like those Jewish beanie babies at the game last night. Every time I see that I'm not exaggerating. It makes me want to cry. I feel so sorry for those kids. It's always you always see with the young guys, you know, teenagers that they've been brought up this way and forced to walk around with this silly beanie on their head because their parents are forcing them. They're dragging them back into the dark ages. Huh? You know if we're going to get late. We're in a beany? Oh, sure you're well. You got the right credit card. You got the right credit card. How to 44 at 560 WGM Jim Manage will be here for Hank. I'm sure Hank's going to tell me it's you know, well, they wish he's a one o'clock. So Jim Manage, the man dog will be here to the six. Yeah, six to seven. We got the booster all blow. We talking about him in fat in a minute. And then I'll help you hear six to eight 45 because we got the NCAA championship game tonight. A 45 to look conclusion. I was going to talk about how Michigan State gave Duke a pretty good run for the money. Even though of course I didn't watch the game, but evidently they gave him a pretty good run. But then George was telling me about all the scandalous riots ahead at the Michigan State and he's dancing. So guess what? I didn't really go there. I went to yeah. I went to RIT and Rochester and I couldn't Michigan State. And it's embarrassing. But hey, that's just the American effort. My man after any kind of a sporting event. When we're losing, you have a big ride. You start you know, burning people's cars. That's the way to do it. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to tell it like it is. Yeah. All right. I don't see these people ticketing for for all those billion people over there in communist China. You go into a store nowadays. Everything says China on it. Right. And then if I don't see anybody ticketing Chinese products or anything. Right. And what was it? A couple of years ago, the mosque knows a family was all set to go in China and make a big deal. Kind of big contract, an engineering contract. And then at the last minute, they canceled it because of the bad publicity. But they were all set to make millions of dollars off the China. It was banned for business though. That's right. Because but they were ready to make deals over there. And also the only reason they're upset is that they can't go in there now to China. They buy up the way in cheap from those four people so they can build their big resorts and make more millions. They're watching the Canadian through it. The European. Maybe we were not highmen raw built and that's because you know, isn't China. They got a lot of land over there. But those wealthy Cuban see if they had their way to save you over there right now buying up properties. So they can build resorts to pay those people minimum wage. Yeah. So they can exploit that. Well, you know, we're leaving here on the hour. All righty. Okay. Pack a menu note. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Still plenty of open lines. This line eight ain't going to be uh, really eight times doing the works out. Go on, but it don't work in coming. Okay. So we still got some work to do here on this phone situation. Confidence is writing very low on this whole thing with Bell South as usual. And of course with management which speaks, you know, Spineless got less. Oh, well, I'll call you back. But it'll probably be somebody else's voice on the phone. Because I just suddenly all of a sudden got ill after being around spreading germs all week long. All of a sudden my spinal problem, you know, acted up. But then you mean I shouldn't make another spinal tap part two about this place. Here's Hylia. Hello. Hylia. Press the button. Do me Hylia. Me, yes, sir. Well, you always ripping the humor. Being what? Yeah. Always every time. Meaning what? We can keep calling. Can you say something and tell us you about what I'm talking about? Are you going to call sounding like some kind of a mouth breather? Calling calling the spake is spakes. We're not. What? Why do you have to say, sir, about what I'm talking about today? I didn't call it. I talked about American. What is it? If you're a child of human America, why don't you go back to Israel? No, I'm not going. Oh, why don't I go back to Israel? I guess what I'm not from Israel. How do you like that? I'm not going right. Yeah, I'm a Jew bastard. That's right. A Jew bastard. A Jew bastard. And I'm not calling that, too. Yeah. Anything else? Anything else? Oh, he ran out of a material in ranaway and he just like Regret. Get back to you. Jew bastard. Not a cool. Like I said before, Cubans basically got three words. That's all I know. Madacone, Culo and Pingo. That's it. That's that. No, seriously. That's the Cuban. If you're here in town, you're brand new. You want to learn Spanish. Those are the only three words that mean anything in the Cuban community. Madacone, Culo and Pingo. Those are the only three words you'll ever have to learn. And you'll get along just fine. What do you like? You're laughing because you know it's true. Yes, just five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. Pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach Gardens, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Hey, listen, what's the story with this baseball game anyway? I mean, are they trying to like bring some political gaps? Or are they trying to recruit people? It was a baseball game that had nothing to do with politics. Just like playing ping pong with a Chinese. And it had to do with people. Okay. Can you understand it? When they put the 10 and 11-year-old kids over there to play baseball against the 11-year-old, a 10-year-old Cuban kid. It had nothing to do with politics. It had to do with people. Are you capable of understanding that, sir? Oh, absolutely. I watched what they were there. I was wondering if they were down every curtain baseball. Well, of course they are. And when they go there to Baltimore on the May 3rd or whatever the day it is. Like I said before, Joe Kubas has already said the only way he won't be there is if he's dead. So he's going to be there with his bunch of playing tickets to the Bahamas and a bunch of cell phones so they can call him. And then go pick them up and he can sign them like El Duque and like Levon. And we can go through this charade again of how wonderful that is because they're Cubans but now they're here and they're our Cubans. It's like someone's like selective, you know, selective word. I'm looking selective history. I just like with a paper. Like I said before, when the Pope was there, there wasn't a peep about the Pope except for me. There wasn't a peep about the Pope. Even not again, but he really cares about him. That's right. Scroll mall. Yeah. And have you ever seen it? Yes. Meals. Yes. They care. Okay. So there was going to be something profound there at the end. Was there? No. Yes it was. 567. Your Huckelmule is a bit of a cubist. You know, some of the tourists only the segment of the Cuban population in his town that on sick and tired of. And so is everybody else here who isn't part of that the population but they don't want to say it. And I'm giving them the opportunity to say it once and for all, and they'll never get the message across to the media because the media in his town are pile of amateur hour assholes. I used to think Michael Putney was a pretty bright guy. But you know, some of the he got sucked into that crappy yesterday. They made a fool out of him. They made a jackass out of you, Michael Michael motorcycle. They made you into a jackass. Pandering, herniatically, pandering and padric and all. You know, before they came to Cuba, they fixed up all the streets before this baseball. You know, well, Jess, what every time we have something here in his town, they take the homeless people off the streets. They round them all up. They put out all the nice stuff out there. They clean up the city. They get the garbage drop the streets. They get the dead chickens off the lawns and certain parts of town. They get the the pamper's boxes off town in Little Haiti and they clean it all up. And then as soon as everybody's gone, as soon as the big event is over, we're right back to where we were before. So who are you kiddin' Michael Putney? Talk about the popcorn, the kettle purple? Like Tinky, Winky speaking of purple? Yeah, yeah, we're sick of it. We're sick. I live in a goddamn banana boat town with a bunch of corrupt goddamn banana boat politicians who the more corrupt they are, the more beloved they become. And a more often they get reelected again over and over again. Not because they have any idea what they're doing. That's why Miami and Dave County are both basically bankrupt because God forbid they should be like a real living and breathing place with real tourists that come in here. Instead of banana boat people and French Canadians that nobody else will let come into their town. That's what we got left. That's tourism in South Florida. It's people that they won't allow to come any place else. In fact, if you look on a passport of any frog, it's no, seriously, the only place that will stand is the South Florida. Especially Broward. Any place else they'll all get back out of play and we can't let you in here. And don't go to Ontario because they'll kick you right out there too, by the way. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, Neil, how you doin'? Okay, sir. I remember the Cuban population man, but I'm a like the, I don't care man. I mean, I was born here in Population. I was born here, but I mean, you hear these people running around and care, but they're glad. Don't care, they play baseball, football, basketball. Or you go with the whole neighborhood each other. If he does and go, I mean, they're picking about baseball. They didn't basically took their homes 35 years ago. Yeah. I got the left, now I'm coming up with a bit here. Turned tail and ran like a bunch of spinalous cowards. I have a bunch of red weeds. And they should hear it and try to force it out there. I'm American and I live here. I got to worry about this country. What happens next? That's right. I'm sure. Okay. We stuck in that emotion. So he said the effort, okay, you know, they're a little bit emotional. I'm a little bit hot blooded. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. I'm going to say it one more time. Those of you spineless cowards out there who don't want to articulate the way you feel about this whole thing. It about the way the media keeps graduating this time. Every time another one of these episodes comes along, we've been through a 50 trillion times it has town. Where are you? Where are you people with some balls? With some brains? Everybody's got to be a part of, oh, I'm an Italian American. I'm a Croatian American. I'm a sidebearing. I'm a mungaloid idiot American. What the hell is that? Why are we going to stop with this crap already with a hyphenated humans? I'm sitting there like I said in that arena last night. And between there were two things I was thinking about basically. First of all, the Jewish beanie, maybe, uh, kids that were the yarmacos in their heads. And a second one was all the fat people, you know, if you ever want to see, I mean, America is like we're all dying on our fed. And I'm going to tell you, Sonny's death is something good to come out of every tragedy. And if nothing else knowing that he died of coronary artery disease, and because he was fat and his arteries were doing a, a fly. That's going, I mean, I talked a lot the last 100 years about losing all this weight. Like I said, 197, it's the first time in God only it was how long I've been under 200 on its scale. I guarantee myself, not you because I owe it to myself, not anybody else. I'll never see 200 times on its scale again. Ever. Because, you know, you can eat a meal any God, then time. But is it worth dying for is anybody ever had a meal? I was so good that it was worth dying for? No. No. F and no. George, you just told me about the, the will the bees to work here. That fat kid got wrapped his car around a pole because he fell asleep at the wheel over the weekend. He's okay. Thank God that the car is total. Lucky he's not dead. See, because when you're fat, you know, you have these asleep apnea things. And all these other, all these things that it's hard even stay awake because your body is choking on its own fat. All of these things. That's right. And I sit there in my seat at the arena and I feel like I feel like you're in carpenter. I'm serious. There are so many. And you know, something you're going to die from your fat. There are people whaddling around who can barely walk. There's so fat. And that's the American F and way, baby. Fat. Fat makes you sick and getting sick makes you dead. There you go. Not complicated at all, boys and girls. It makes you dead. I mean, I'm on a wild crusade. I'm on a one man crusade. Not for anybody else for me. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, sir. If you were always follow my thunder, let's give cubits favor nation status like we do China. When they have their crisis like North Korea, let's feed them. We're, it's why we just are letting Cuba. Because we're pandering. That's why. Because what do we have to answer? Because we're pandering. Point zero percent point zero point two percent of the population is from Cuba. So we go America. That's right. Because you know, let's just forget to forget the crap. Now, these people because they had their people shot down. They're trying to make AT&T and MCI give the money to them instead of the Cuban telephone company. There are politics of this country. Don't make sense at all. That's right. And in this town, it's hopeless. It's all together hopeless. I mean, you know, if they could come and round you up right now, they'd come and take your answer way just for saying that, you know. Have people threaten the Baltimore Orioles or even you for even saying what you say? Exactly. Because they believe, you know, a free to, a free to mispire as long as they believe that you say what they like. Okay, but he's there's great. Okay, come. That's what they remember. Okay. We're tracing them number. All right. Okay. Give that number on here. 560560, Pond 560, on the mobile one line. Oh, he's a bearded ruflisticator. Wow. What a bulletin, baby. Wow. Is that big news? He's a terrorist. He's a thug. Wow. What a revelation, huh? Even even Paul and Peter and all those other, go ahead. Never saw revelations like that. You see, you've got, you have to isolate yourself from all the insanity because the world is a crazy, crazy place. Like that song says by Marmalade, the world is an awful place to live. But it's the only thing we got. Okay. So you make the best of it. You de-ude your DNA, you make the best of it. And you try to avoid all these, all these insane people. These intolerant crazy people, persecuting each other with their religion. I mean, I got a crazy woman at the arena. Try to tell me what kind of outfit I'm supposed to be wearing in my seat there. She's telling me what kind of goddamn jacket I'm supposed to be wearing. This crazy bitch. Talk about intolerant. Go mind your own business, your fat bitch, and lose some weight by the way before you croak. Come as watering up the stairs. That's what we got in that arena by the way, the waterers. I'm serious. They must have given preferential treatment to all us fat people to give them that place. Was they in school? Don't go out on your own. Because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home. Search all around, but you won't see. You get a bowl with a g. E. G. When nothing compares to the marvellous feeling, a making butter patty, stick to the ceiling, moped in the bathroom, making out in the hall, or hitting the fat kid with a speeding dodgeball. Yeah, I remember that. That's no more paper wards. With a fire alarm, blow up the toilet with a cherry smile. Dice that to frog in biology class. Find yourself a nerd and win the g. E. What do you be here? In 10 minutes three. When you make the class a batch of melons, start a food fight. You milk out your nose or when you go to school, within anything goes to stay in school. Don't go out on your own. Because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home. But search all around, but you won't see. A seat, a seat, a bowl with a g. E. G. Search all around, but you won't see. A seat, a seat, a seat, a seat. When it's a seat, can you see? Objectively, I'm excited. That is going to work on his GED. It's 1103 at 5.60 WCWM. Open lines, maybe still several of them here, which just amazes the living's not out of my fat body. 5.670560, Pond 560, on the AT&T Wireless line. They absolutely will not open them off and speak. Here's my enemy. Hello. Good morning, Mr. How are you? OK. You have the problem that you're speaking of. It seems to me to go back to something even more basic. This is now and has been for some years, a one newspaper town. Yeah. The problem with that. By the way, there was time, Fieler, on air from the Harold's sucking around with Michael Pondney, Pandery, and Pandery's probably got a broken back today. I was just about to get to Fieler and little piece of little Fieler and whatever other discreet as name is. In major markets, there was traditionally in America two, three, sometimes four competing newspapers. Is that back in the days when Americans were smart enough to read a newspaper? That's all gone in a pastor. That's we have all in the past. Well, it still exists, for example, in one city that you're particularly fond of Toronto. Well, yeah, but that's a real city. That's not in this country in case you have a notice. That was standing. Right. When one is living in a one newspaper, one media town, then one point of view, only one point of view gets promulgated as it were, and gets passed down through all of the other sources. And when that particular newspaper is the main source of feeding, the quotation marks, political reporting on television, as pitiful as it is. Yeah, that compounds the problem. If you, yeah, but Michael Putney and the people at Channel 10 don't work for the hero, even though they haven't been safe to his relationship. And the rest of the media don't work for the Miami Hill. The fact is that all of the media almost unanimously in this town are bending over backward. And they always do it every single time. When the pulp was here, all it was a wonderful thing. It was great. They had no problem with his sitting around sucking up to Castro. No, probably it was a great thing. And wonderful things were going to happen, which we never didn't. We knew we were never going to happen. It's the entire media that's done. So terrified by these people that sit in Domino Park, playing with each other all day, who make a lot of noise. They showed the demonstration they had out there the other day. We're like 100 or 200 people out there with their signs and most of them older than Matsuzla. All right, not being as, as you. And by the way, speaking out to Ronald by the way, now you know as well as I do, you've got a gigantic Chinese population, a gigantic Middle Eastern, Pakistan, Indian population. You got, of English speaking Canadians, you got a few frogs in it, it's named in everybody gets along. There is not a disset goes on. Actually Canadians have, have pretty much learned to sublimate or been forced by political correctness to sublimate this kind of thing. Other other than the Quebec business, which they ought to slice that off the map and let them flow out on the sea, other than that, everybody gets along. Not being as used to speaking publicly as you are. I'm not quite as quite as a depth. Let me make the point. Patani is a graduate of the school of the Miami-Herald School of Thought. Yeah. Which will only become exacerbated now that Alberto Iberkuli Berglin is the publisher. I don't believe that the, that the Harold ever met an illegal immigrant that didn't like. I don't believe that. Well, they're not too crazy about Haitians, though. They don't buy any newspaper. I read, look at the, look at the front page. I think it was Friday or Saturday. In, you know, with a color photo with everything going on in the world, the bottom of the front page, including a color photo, of some illegal immigrant that had falsified his papers that was sent back to Haiti by the INS. Now a major story supported by the Harold. I think that the Harold actually though, it's not out of touch. People like you, like me and other other, other normals and if anybody calls me an Anglo, I'll shoot them. That are, that are, that are now out of touch. Okay. I'll see you around, eh? Take it. How did you know I was a Canadian? Never, right, eh? Okay. See on church Street, not. Yeah. All right. There you go. See those, English-speaking Canadians, man. They're the salt of the earth. They got a brain. That's why you know, they may come here for a little while, but they get to go out. They get to hell out of this place. See, you know, this is like I said it could be paradise, but you people in the media, just like with a casino gambling, brainwashing, brainwashing, well, the sky's going to fall and the world's going to come to an end. You're so full of crap, man. It's coming out of every poor and your body. If we only had somebody in this town, like the guy said, if we had a real newspaper, do we have one? No. We got two horseball newspapers, two right wing fashes, and by the way, speaking of right wing school prayer issue revisited and did some no-spicketing glaze on a school board, Martha Perez. Oh, yeah. Let's get prayer back because we got so much violence. And Martha says children who have a religious upbringing seem to do better morally. I guess you missed all those stories like an Arkansas and all those other kids who, you know, ran around shooting everybody, all of their big religious upbringing and ran to their pastor to see, like, what do I do now? Get most of us those stories, Martha. Let's let's still all of our youngsters with a lot more fairy tales. Okay, let's keep living in the big lie. Oh, he's in heaven now. What are you getting excited about God, Dammit? Because actually, I have a little bit of energy. They blitz over 74, weight under 200. I'm doing it long ways to go about 30 pounds, but I'll do it. Finally, after all these fall starts, after all these premature scored scored evaluations, finally going to do it and spread to these vests. And don't be sent to me anymore, smarties anymore, God damn fish food, any more food of any kind. We find carbohydrates, take it and because if you do, I'll rip you on the ass. I'll do a whole show on anybody that tries to send me any of that crap that I'll do. People are choking and dying on. What a jacket. I'm going to say it very proudly. I admit to being a fool and idiot, I'm more on a jacket. Here I'm a diabetic and I'm eating all that God didn't. Ben and Jerry's ice cream and all that candy, all those smarties. I'm an imbicill, I'm a jackass, I'm an idiot. I'm a masticistic, I'm suicidal, I must be. But while I still got a breather, because I'm going to wait for a doctor by the way to save me from this, is that going to happen? Oh, oh my God. How long has test results come in, Dr. Mark, from 2 and a half weeks ago? The right to those results. They're coming in slow. Now, what do you said? They're coming in slowly. In fact, write them down on my tombstone. Oh, yeah, whatever. They're voting no farmer who lives on Iraq. If that in the middle, just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the prick, they're feeding no water, they're in on their marbles and placing them at half-days before. They're people, young ladies, she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass, she pulled up her dress, and she showed them her brother's in leaps and white fluffy duck. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children, so they would not stand. While the boys in the farm yard were show up on the ring, wrapped you standing here from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the neto was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the duck, he looked like a man with a eye that all home in the country with a big fence out front. If he had served on likely, she showed him her nestopet dog who was subject to fit, and maybe she'd let him grab all the birds small tender and with the movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck out his candy, so he'd be made of fodder's gott, and then he'd spread with cream all over her cup teeth that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go to yourself. Like a 15 at 5.50, you'd have any who have some mad dog managed to suck a note to the same app for a hanko bird that answers to the clock. We got the bookstore to LNCWA, champion to your basketball time, 845 tonight, and he came after the game. If he don't lose his ass. Oh, he loses his ass. So why do I speak of sizable, whatever? So I was watching Panther Weekly a little yesterday by accident, saw the last five minutes of that, and they were doing some interviews in the Panther locker room after one game, and there was Ray Whitney Stark naked, but only like from the above the nipples to the, you know, with that gold chain around his neck, there you go, right? Oh, God. He does have a pair. So anyway, you know, in the course of the last night at the arena by the way, they showed the first half of that show, and I was sitting there salivating, waiting for the last to have the cut it off. They want to get some of his two of a sudden they're in the macro arena, showing Ray Whitney naked again. So anyway, is there a show in this any interview to Radik Devorek? And I see standing in the background, Robert the grim reaper from a few months before a Saturday, and I said, well, I said, okay, you're in there with all those guys naked? Yeah, and I said, well, how big was Ray Whitney said about nine inches? Huh? I said, that's not what Christina Mortel, he said, we're looking at 10 inches. Yeah, so there must be a discrepancy there, huh? Take me to your ruler. Robert the grim reaper standing there with a bunch of naked guys in the shower boy, little they know, but he's confused, he's still searching for an identity. Maybe when he gets to be like 28 or 20, you know, here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami, going once, okay, long gone. Here's another mobile in Miami, hello. Oh, me, I don't. Okay, sir. Listen, it's probably how this Cuban situation brings out the best in people, isn't it? On both sides, not only the Cubans, but also, you know, all these people calling in, you know, this big it's calling in. Who, what big it's a week? Well, the gentleman, it's just a couple of years ago. You mean, the one that called me a Jew bastard? Yeah, oh. And then, I don't know, they, you know, also on the Cubans, and, you know, what is it with these people? They're just sour, you know, sour people. I thought it calling it from Broward, they were take that a day. No, no, they were no, I used to live in day two, so I wasn't kicked out of day. And I moved down. I've got other like a fan of it. Because it was getting crowded, it was getting a no-spigging in place, and it was getting busy because a lot of time. And I'm just saying that, and that's those are the people that have a big problem. And I don't know, sir, sir, let me, let me explain to you, okay? People, when they live in America, if I, I visit, as you know, I do a lot of traveling. If I want to visit a foreign country, I do so voluntarily. I don't want to live while I'm in the US. I don't want to live in a foreign country. Well, but what is the US? The US is, is, is, is, is, is, uh, nothing but that's all it is. Yeah, so, so let me ask you. So let me ask you, when did they count you're going to start melting? Oh, well, it started melting a long time ago. Don't get me wrong. I'm not sighting with any side here. I'm just trying to say, why not don't you have an opinion? Oh, I have a, yeah, that will happen. Well, what is it? And my opinion is that both sides are bigots. Well, there's bigots all over the place, but because you don't, because you think this baseball game yesterday was flagulated by the local media doesn't make me or anybody else a bigot. It's fragulated by everybody, but no, no, no, it was not. No, it was not. I said, I'm Friday here on the show. I said, I'm not going to talk about it. It's much of no about nothing. I said, if anybody calls about it today, I'm going to hang up on them. Well, the, I'm calling about the situation. I don't do a crap about the game. I don't do a crap home one. Right. All I care about is the people that are calling up, you know, the retina of raving the hot gun to try and like about this, you know, get away. I invited them to call up. I want people to start opening up their mouth and talking about what a bunch of pandeers the media are here. Maybe we can, you know, tone them down a little bit. If it's all that's stale, it's that's nauseating. That's what I'll be stale, you know. But you do a good job there, man. Okay. I'm sure you show. I'm sick of your me this. Okay. There you go. We finally got them. See what I'm saying. Cool. I'm not a call. I'm being good. That's a, it's a very simple vocabulary. Then we can all get along together. That's a Rodney King said. I don't start with the charges. They leave them till tomorrow. I'm an African American. I'm a Cuban American. Oh, you're not your a goddamn person. Okay. Be a fricking person already. As whole. Man, so easily manipulated. When you're going to grow just a little teeny tiny pair. We got like 8 million yelves out there. Little, simple, uh, one of these. Like one of the real human beings, but can't quite, uh, you know, motivate themselves. Can't get the car horns to do it. Got 50 million Greg Reads running around. There's Spinalist, gotless running and hiding. Yeah. I said, can you believe that's the right. Well, sure you can because you don't have it all the time. I'm going to call your right back, Tom Wright. Allow us to know. Maybe it was Greg Reads doing Duffalo in these voice. You think that could have been a, uh, a little impersonation there. Oh, let's do the fake voice in South Miami. Here's a South Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. I just want to slightly disagree with you. Thank you. No. Did you? I lived on the West Coast for many years. What was the one? It was California. Yes. And it was well known that Vancouver was given the nickname, uh, Hong Koova. I'm sure you're familiar with it because of so many of the Chinese immigrants who were moving there. Hong Hong Kong. Right. Um, there was a problem that was mentioned. Hong Kong and Vancouver? Uh, they were here. Well, it's also known as the, like, a moose, uh, Amsterdam of, uh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's the Toronto was the sister city of Amsterdam. That is. Okay. I didn't make that. I will see you guys laughing. It is. It may be the sister city, but in fact, uh, the final thing for as far as weed is concerned. Right. Is, uh, is definitely the spot. Yeah. I would, uh, a recently date line give a story. The hot rhymes with, uh, a problem that was occurring in Vancouver. And some of the outline areas were many of the, uh, uh, transplants from Hong Kong. One of those things start up again. Well, what they were doing was buying up, uh, into, uh, residential areas and actually knocking down. These people looked at Toronto. The trouble makers moved on the roof. That's right. The good things are in Toronto. I love them. Well, they have families of maybe 10 or 20 people in the family. Yeah. And the most of the, the new residents of the Black people. Hong Kong. Yeah. And what they would do? A lot of those Black people have trouble with that decision, but they could have a multiply. But they would, well, they would knock down a house and something of course, that, you know, we would look forward to someone moving to. You know, you're talking about Haitians in Miami. We don't have to know. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. We got 50 50 family houses. That's three by five. They were, uh, dientery, a lot of pamper boxes out there on the street. That's not like that. That's the Haitians. I'm a little dumb man. I have never seen a little hate to you'll hate you. They were actually doing just the opposite. They were moving into, say, areas such as, uh, what would be considered? Well, what, what is it? What is somebody saying? Well, look at the bottom line and I'm trying to spice it up a little bit, but between that voice. Actually, what they're trying to accomplish now is, is they were trying to accomplish. They're actually bringing up the residential areas in terms of the government. Well, let's not even say it for weeks. Now, let's get some Chinese people down here. All right. Thank you, sir. I wasn't a funny voice. He just got a bad voice. Why do you always think people got to take voice if they got a crappy voice? He can't help it. He's got a crappy voice, right? Yeah, I'm hard. They're alone already. They were bringing up the hood. Let's get some Chinese people and plant just a few families in Liberty City in Overtown in Alepata in Plantation Acres, any place, huh? I need proud to have a bunch of Chinese people in my neighborhood. And who they'll wouldn't? They're educated. They're bright. The guys don't have any hair on their chest. I mean, what, what more could you want? Huh? Seriously, what's wrong with that? Let's get some educated people in here instead of a bunch of superstitious people choking chickens under front lawn. Let's have a little variety here instead of just, you know, we got a lot of 10 families including my buddies up there at Animal Coast. We got 10 families. They're going to Chinese restaurant. Everybody else though, we can't find them. Let's get some Asian people in here, God damn it. Oh, you don't see no Chinese people running around screaming and hollowing and carrying on all over America because they were, you know, dealing with China and buying all those real cheap products. Oh, you're buying them? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Nia. Yes, sir. Hey, for all our job business, for some colors. I want me in. My name is Leo. Columbia, and there's another Columbia in folks. Oh, now we're talking. Now we can get some good stuff. Yeah, I'm not. I'm not. I'm being Columbia. Now I'm something wrong with that. I love Colombians. Oh, I know. They got some good weed away. Even better than the Chinese I would say. And you know, take this out. We want to call for a long time right by my boss. Columbia is very, very sensual people. My name is go ahead. I don't want to get into that. They're my boss. My boss is right. Mine, mine too. You're a student. Mine is a homeless student. He's in the office today. So we're calling that it's just a, you know, a coworker and I were hearing the office is good. Listen, I was talking to you the day about the I can die. Yeah. And he says the worst die I could do. Why is that? Do you believe what does he know about it? He's just a douchebag himself. So I'm going to call him. He's some kind of a diet expert. Yeah, that's what he thinks. He's another Colombian. Yeah. I know what he is. He's an asshole. Yeah. I said that you didn't want to jeopardize your job. Your boss is an asshole. I'll just keep saying it. Amy, I'll check this out. Yeah. Um, can you play one of those bits for me? Actually, it's for my boss. He really loves that cowboy dick. Yeah, I bet he does. Okay. Okay. We have a couple of little lines on there. I want to keep these things pumping here today for crying out loud. Have it opinion. Have something to say. They're trying to, and of course, I didn't watch a game yesterday. They're probably most of you didn't either. Stupid baseball game. And I said, vision baseball game. But the way the media action this town like this, this was they, one of the great of it. And let me say it again. How come we don't have anybody saying, including my friends in the media when the Pope was over there sucking for Dallas bearded ass. That was great. Oh, it's wonderful. Let's cover it with a blanket. Let's go over there and stroke of both one with each lip. But now because of Baltimore, I say, I'm in Liancia, seriously. Who is better known in the world who's supposed to be like a very important figure, a spiritual leader who almost a billion people all over the world? The Orioles, Peter Angelo's, Cal Rippgen, or like maybe the Pope. Huh? Even though we know, you know, we know he's got some bad weed over there. That's not like that. And a bad dresser on top of it. Maybe somebody in the media could explain to me the difference between the way you people suck his ass and cover it like a bunch of cheerleaders with the pompom. And then what a ball game goes on out of it. I mean, that's absolutely nothing except Joe Kuba's will be able to smuggle in a couple more players out of Baltimore. Then all of a sudden you're trying to whip everybody up into a friend of you in this town. Like we don't have enough real problems. Like those Jewish beanie, baby, guys at the hockey game. How are you Aaron? She liked this. Hey, what's even? Tell Boyd. Hey, I'm a cruise. There's nothing like a little cowboy. Dick. I just got a lot of something. I've got a craving. Yeah, well, how about some cowboy Dick? Oh, the cowgirls loved my cowboy, Dick. And I should know, because I'm cowboy, Dick. I like my cowboy, Dick, with some nuts. No problem, partner. Introducing cowboy, Dick. We're not so big. You can hardly wrap your lip ground. My onions love cowboy, Dick. Oh, him. Fill your posse with my cowboy, Dick. Oh cowboy, Dick. Here, try it. How is it? I can't talk. My mouth is full of cowboy, Dick. She's smiling. She's smiling. Fill your mouth with my cowboy, Dick. A cowboy, grossed freezer. Once you've had your first cowboy, Dick, you won't ever go back. Would you fill with cowboy, Dick? Oh, screw. Oh, my god. 1132 at 560 WKU. Anybody ever wrote a by a private box to get their mail in? Like I'm doing now for the last several months. And then discover that certain things aren't showing up. Even things that have been signed for by people that are working those places. And you look in your box and guess what, it isn't there. And you call them up and they say, oh, I'll have to check in with. There's a whole lot of people. I'll get back to you, Diana. See, I've never mentioned which place that is. But one things that are signed for by somebody, like that we delivered the United parcel that they have somebody signature and the date and time when it was delivered. And they mysteriously don't show up in your mailbox. And like when you're Wall Street Journal, which I do throw in the, I mean, it's a right one piece of crap, which doesn't do any good no matter how many studies it's useless. Even though I do throw it in their waste basket every day, when it starts showing up, like maybe once out of every year, seven or eight times, it's supposed to every day. And you start wondering, you know, what's going on over there? You know, I'm talking about, here's a mobile in four-laterdale, hello. Yes, yes sir. Right, though. What is this? Panto. Panto? Panto. Panto, Panto, yes, Panto. Okay, hey, you do it. Okay. This thing with you might think is a big show that's my opinion and you got to live life every day. Right? Yeah. A matter material. Okay. Well, he said it was going to be Panto, Panto. That's how you answered the phone, Italy, dummy. What do you give me a look? Panto. That's how you answered the phone. You know, you better brush up on your Italian, Mr. Forget it, school for a group of people. So everything they ever got from the Romans, including that set of, with the, uh, rectum, five, six, seven, five, six, six, and pound five, six, the only AT&T wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Oh, that's hard. I have to follow their nail. He had some great material. Unfortunately, he didn't share it with us, but, you know, the nail. Next. This is a pattern candle. Listen to him. This is Matt is Helen. I'm not going to take any more. Oh, I grew some babies today. I grew a couple of babies today. Yeah. And, uh, you guys compelled me to call a tunnel 10. Good. I got the number. You guys, anybody there's pissed off like me. And I heard a couple of your, uh, your other callers. Yeah. Five, seven, six, six, three, nine, seven is Channel 10. Uh, nine, four, five. Three, five, correct. I told them that Michael Pudney, like your, your other, uh, uh, callers and no objectivity whatsoever. No, though, the whole purpose of that entire thing yesterday was, I guess, because they had a little bit of flack over the fact that we're going to carry the game. So, as we said, now they had to turn around and just bend over due doing backward some or some, to try to appease those two or 300 people in Donald O. Park and show them that all we had casted or even more than you do. And this is a terrible thing. And it's, uh, whatever it was, you know. And one of the worst things that I found so shameless was the general manager had to get on there, make a disclaimer that they were not making any money off of that show. That's all. Yeah. That program and any money and they were actually going to lose money. Who? Fair. Yeah. Who can? We're shedding all kinds of tears for the money that they have. TV stays in the distance down loose. I can't say they're raping this community. And did you read? I don't know if you did read the article by Dan Lobaster. I wouldn't read his column if you paid me by the words. It was comical and I would like to say to Dan, you're not, you're not writing that at all, reals, you're writing a sports column, keep your opinions to yourself as far as politics. Yeah. Right. Just what did he become a political observer all of a sudden? Absolutely. I can't take anymore. I just wish more people were to get pissed off and change things around here. Okay. I'm out of here. God bless you. There you go. That's what I'm looking for. Some people with some feeling about this. Everybody is so goddamn leftardry in this town. We've gone through almost the whole season in the macarina. And I know nobody else cares about this because they got like 20 other hockey fans. They're red light. You still can't see it. And it's obvious we're going to go through the whole season. And you can't see what the goal is scored. And you got 18 or 19,000 people in there. Jiglin around, looking up at the guy, then big scoreboard. They don't care. That's the problem with this town. That's why it's become what it is because you've got a bunch of a third of your people whose brains are rotting in the center, whatever's going on. They don't care. Whatever it is, fill in the blank. Oh, we don't care about that. We don't know from it. We don't care about it. And so as the result, you know, they're all saying about the greasy, we'll get the squeaky, we'll get the grease. That's why those 200 people are in domino park running around with their placards, whether they're running around there or wherever they're running around, carrying on and screaming on. That's why they get all the attention in the media because they're going to want to pan to anyway. And number two, they only want to pan to those people to make all the noise. Like all the old thoughts on Hollywood Beach. Oh, somebody had a t-shirt life as a beach. We've got to get also they start up for the old thoughts in Hallendale. Whatever it is, all they got to get is 20 or 30 phone calls or people running around protesting and bicketing. Anyway, oh, gee, we better pacify them. Because everybody else there in La La Land, they got no opinion to get nothing to say. This town needs a goddamn exorcism is what it needs. Oh, I compel you for Christ's sake. 560, 560, pound 560, on the 18T wireless one. I should know better than anybody else. I said, your air-re-single, they have my life whipping and beating and flasherating these bastards. Do I get a response? No. I mean, just working overtime to try to listen no matter what it is we're talking about. Just to try to drain the squeeze to elicit something. Like the one guy that called, you know, well, you know, it's on both sides as I said, don't you have an opinion? He was doing a gesture for the florist there, writing the fancy. He probably had the probably as a bruised victim. Just point, which I give him some good pointers on that, by the way. And at default, by the way, you're a full-a-crap man. You're a totally or a opinion, so your opinion full-a-crap. About this fiddelfin. Oh, gee, how do you know, talk about pandering? I give it give me a break, okay? I checked the demographics in your ratings, by the way, as my new to the art, or Jeff the florist, and believe me, the Julio is a separate, the five or six that we're calling stuck it around is the one good guy like I said, 10 minutes to 10. That call, it call should be a tape and play it every hour on the hour. From a Cuban gentleman, little, I don't know, I have 40, 50, 60. However, what he was, not a kid. Just chewing them out and rightfully so about how the angle needed, not sounding just like a radio mom be catering and sucking around and pandering. We have enough people pandering already in this town, Default. There's a freaking ball game, which I know in your case, you know, you think is a lot more important than it really is. Just a guy damn ball game. I didn't hear anybody screaming when we were playing ping pong against the Chinese. Anybody screaming about that? No. What is screaming on the morning show about the guy damn Pope over there? Who did he dress on? No, you bet you're sweet as they weren't. Like this guy says to Dan LaBaccia, leave the politics to the politicians and people to know something about it. And stick with your ping pong games. Stick with your goddamn Mercedes Golf and the Lippton. Maybe you melt my jockey shorts. Come alone, some foggett. The truth is in down, but came a dragon. I whip my boots not till snow, but some things not good day. Oh, I am my solo song. This life just ain't for me. I'm gonna trade for neat, fancy, thick, rusey set with praise. I'll pay, brucey, I'm going down today. There's all things up my closet. And it's down down I would take a ride on some packages. Get yourself clear. Oh, yeah, brucey, hey, get up. You are a rusey. Yeah, brucey. Yeah, brucey. And I need a 45 to 45 to 45 to 45 to 45 to 45. We've got a good spot to throw a card for somebody to ask for me to play up the other day. We couldn't find it. So you're welcome, by the way. But you notice how when it says take it up the rear and back in those days, I forget how many years ago that I think, this is a, yeah, Zeta. It's a Zeta card. So that's like 12 years ago. And we couldn't say take it up the rear now. We can say take it up the back of the ass, whatever you like. See, we're making some progress for us, girls. Huh, right, Sally? Yeah, what a juvenile frickin' country, this is man. Juvenile. So Dr. Mark's gonna affect me the rest of my results from my blood test. He said no big deal. You might live to the end of the show. Hey, I got news for it. Where's going lately? Every day when I come in, I wonder if I'm gonna live it in of the show. But I'm doing it. You can deny it. Seriously, I sit there in that game last night and I've noticed it before, but not quite as consciously. I think it was just paying attention because I'm so psychotic about weight and health right now. Because as you get older and people around you, like good guys like Sunnyhurst start dying prematurely from fat, you start becoming more acutely aware of these things. And I'm watching all of these people. I mean, just in my section and the one out of the right, okay, whatever I guess is one 34, just in those two sections. I'm watching all these big men and women by the way, not just guys who look like apartment complexes, they're so fat. They're not gonna live very long. You're gonna be dead. What are you thinking about? Are you nuts? Uh-huh. Jesus, what a, what a country of slabs we are. Like I said, see if I were skinny, then I'd be, you know, I'd be an asshole to be saying these things. I've been fighting fat for 38 years. So believe me, I know fat. Only once in my life, 1974 and 75, I lost 100 pounds. I went from up close to 270, to about 170. I looked great. I felt great. I was getting all the action I could handle. I mean, it was great. Life was that was in West Palm, a JNL. Man was at a great year. I was wearing like real living and breathing clothes. I didn't have to go in there and say, give me a puppet and a gui of vera please. Oh, listen, thank God. That's not the human because without gui of vera, look at all the years I never would have made it. In fact, rich too. See, guys who wear, I mean, Anglo guys that wear gui of vera, is the only reason we ever wore those is because you can't wear a shirt that you tuck in. I'll never forget when I finally lost enough weight, I could start tucking in my shirt. I said, oh, yeah. But a gui of vera is like a tent. Cover's up a lot of evils. I think they wear them over there in 10 city. Here's a mobile and haven't you, hello? I hate me. I'm so ticked to the Panther organization. We've got a $60 million investment in nascentum to that doctor. Well, do you want to check out the doctor? Like I said, Colorado works on marino. You're even heckin' and dinking now. Yeah. Dr. James of mobile, all that. We get these guys. And that's where he finally went. Now that they messed him up over the regular clinic. Now there's a public animal animal animal animal animal animal animal animal animal. And you ever watch those doctors? That's that behind them five years of the old arena. And they don't even dare. And he don't buy the way we may never play again. Right. He finally gets my one Detroit to check that out. What about Gordon Murphy? These doctors sit there, especially that ball head of Geeks. They're so bored to the hot dog game. I feel like just smack at his head. He just sit there and we have to get up to go do some treatment there to the players all aboard their ballad meat. Wake up, my God. Exactly. He's got his hands stuck halfway up with those every single game. Yeah. He just pissing me off. OK. Excellent call. Great. By the way, speaking of doctors, there's a doctor that sits in front of us at the arena. That's few seats down. I mean, we got a little bit of a problem we're on front of us. Or came into people that sit directly in front. You know, I just give up. I mean, they're hopeless. You know, with little babies and holding up in the air and they're up and down. There's switching seats like they're sitting in hot seats. I mean, you know, just pick a seat and sit down already. OK. But I give up on them. They're their hopeless. They're making a little bit of improvement. But it's very slow. You know? But this doctor who's a great guy, by the way, he had a conversation. Remember I told you weeks ago about how he's got many of his patients on the atkins. Remember that? Ball head of the guy. Great guy. He's a personal doc. Unless you want to. But he and his wife stood up. It was late in the, I mean, there's a crucial plan in the game. OK. I think late in the second period. And New Jersey's got a power play and they're all over us. They're in our end and they're like, just all over the place. It's a miracle. They're not scoring. And he and his wife decide now it's the time to get up. And they're going to let go do what? I have no idea. And right in front of us. And of course, it's to my left. They're to my left. So can we see anything that's going on? No. And young guy and his girlfriend behind me said, what are you standing up for? And now, why? Now, what are you doing? Seriously, they could bring in a battery of psychologists. Just to do a study on the behavior of the people in that arena. And they could be there for years and not complete their study. And just be astonished to see what goes on. I mean, even when they had that stupid thing up there with the, you know, which thing is the puck under? You know, whether the puck shuffle. They had a kill some time in between when the action stops. The most places they don't pay any attention that here. It's like, oh, that's a major thing. Oh, number one. Another. They're all screaming and you're yelling. We have two open lines. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Seriously, I don't get these people. I can't relate to them. I don't understand what their brain is that. What they're thinking about. Maybe they're all choking on that fat. And I know people get insulted like that and bitch out there that fat cow from Phoenix, you know. The one who all of a sudden became a chronic collar today's in a row. Oh, I can't hear you. People get insulted. I don't get insulted. If somebody says to me, if I get more insulted when somebody a lot of people because they like to suck up, oh, you're not so fat. You're always talking about how fat you are. You're not fat at all. Blokrap. If I didn't start losing some weight, if I was still running around 200, when I was at IOD, when I went there, I weighed almost 240 pounds. That's how much weight I had deemed back since my great J&O days in 75. I was about I think, 237. If I still were, I would I'd be dead. I'd be a fat guy in a box. So maybe you think it's very amusing. Maybe you think, you know, you don't have any of them. But there comes a point. You say to yourself, do I want to die? Is this going to taste so great that I want to die? My answer is simple. No. No. I've done it and I love that meal. I was by the way, that was a perfect act in the meal. Then I came home. My blood sugar was like 110. Great. After a big steak and barbecue and shrimp, all I can, a little bit of spinach here with cheese, which you know, a little carbs there, but not too much. Killer carbs. I, Dr. Ramarkin, I should get together in right of book called Killer Carms, because that is what's killing you people out there. Sugar and refined carbohydrates, which are a load of which sugar and all kinds of other crap. That's what's killing the American public. Not fat. Not F-18, not dietary fat, but public fat on your body. That you get from killer carbohydrates. You don't have to be some kind of an expert. And Arabic weekend, you turn on a TV and you flip through and there's 75,000 infomercials. They're selling pills. They got that quack with a slope shoulders. Looks like a hunchback. The great American scam, whatever that thing is called. All these people, and why are they doing it? Because there's fat or in fat or in fat or in America. And we're dying from it like sunny, hurts, die from fat. And like I said, boo, you know, you can take it personally. You can have thin skin, although it'll never hold in the fat of it's do thin. It'll be oozing out. But a lot of people are coming. Even remember, at dinner, and that's a boy. Boo, is sure getting enormous, isn't it? We want you to lose, that we want you to live sweet heart. We don't want you to die in your own fat. You were young guy. You got your whole life ahead of you. Like, uh, William Holden said in network. We'll even take into the foot of the George Washington Bridge. Just don't jump number one. And number two, maybe it'll kill some time. You won't be eating in a cab. Stop with the food. Stop with the madness. Here's South Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. Good morning, sir. What is this? Uh, I don't want to thank you for you taking the kind of, um, standard you taking and what's going on in this city. It is a refreshing to know that somebody, uh, out of so many people, uh, is, uh, is willing to, to express the free opinion here without having to worry about what could happen to him. I call to a, at seven o'clock the, the, the program of the three of the two just in your station. The worst team, yeah. And, uh, what happened by the, I thought, when you were starting to go ahead. What, what, what, what, what, what, what they tell me when I disagree with him politely like I am, I didn't yell at them. And, uh, is that I was a pro-caster of communist. Who said that? It's the, the trio of them, uh, a, a, a unison like started with the, the, the people and then the two other ones, you don't even yell at that little for me. Yeah, they all, they talk about pro-caster. Did you hear what he said about Castro, see them on TV yesterday? Hey, that's a good looking guy. Yeah. That's funny. But anyway, anyway, it's good that you say this in particular, because your station is the only station from Miami that can be hurting Cuba. It's not, it's not a station that is not blocked. Right. All the other ones, including I'll be not because of, or, or political time because in the process of blocking the station next to them, they also blocked, blocked, uh, sixth and, you know, right. Your station is, nation, uh, I just came back from Cuba, Wednesday. And this event was a big event on with the people, not with the government, the band. And by the way, let me say this. What were they talking about the 50,000 people in the stadium? We're all handpicked and, of course, but the, but the, but the fact is it was on television. Everybody that had a TV set was able to see it in Cuba. So what, what were the people in the stadium going to see that the people watching at TV work are on television? And on radio, and you know what somebody said yesterday, and, and, and you're in not in your station, and I will be that only two or three people in every neighborhood have television. We just now write live in Cuba about 90% of the household, uh, uh, uh, of course. Like I like I was told George before I came on here when I went to Karaka's that time and they drove me from the airport to the downtown and you drive through the winding mountains and Karaka's and all those torch lepers living up there. The old house has got a TV at that. There's little tin roof jacks. Everybody's not a TV. They're not a close, but they got a TV set. You got it. It looked like a Christmas tree at night when you were looking at a Hanukkah booth. Right. Right. But anyway, I, I really appreciate you taking this time. You're taking, and they are the, the, the, the, the, the child 10 in particular. I called them. Yes. And I was able to talk to somebody alive, not to the recorded and what they told me when I expressed my opinion that there was a problem. And then, totally out of bounds, they have 10 people are not a decent opinion in the 10. Right. That's right. Well, what they told me was like that cookie Roberts thing on, I'm Sarah Sunday morning. They have now with the four Nazis running around. Right. So, one day and George stuff on top of us is a turnto. Yeah. So, the lady that I was thinking to me, the one thing that she said, very surprised, are you Cuban? And I said, of course, but do you think that all the humans in this community think that? Think that you see, that's another thing. They make a bad mark on a good Cuban, which there's a hell of a lot in this town who aren't part of that banana boat right wing of all the exal community are part of that mentality. And they try to make it a bit more to the humans who couldn't give a crab less about that volume. I'm the problem with people like me is that we don't have anywhere to we can express our opinion because what they can inside of Cuba is what they have implanted into Miami. Right. If you don't think like, if you think like, I do, you have no right to speak. And if I knew I had the right to speak as long as you say what I wanted to say, this is what goes on in the Cuba media. And what Michael taught me? And what on the screen? That was such an incredible shame because up to yesterday I did respect Michael Pony. And you say that you don't read down a level at our common, but he used what is used commonly in the Cuban community to compare the situation with Cuba with the situation with the Nazis and the Americans. And that's the French. That is offensive to any sensitive human being to compare Castro with Hitler to minimize what happened in the Holocaust. And I do thank you for giving me this opportunity. And I'll take care of you, me this. Right. 157 at 5. 60. See there's a lot of people out there like him and this guy isn't some spring chicken like Kent generation. This guy's been around a block a few times. He knows what it's all about. He knows what he's been pandered to. And Michael Pony, I always thought, was very dry and boring, suitable and like, so but a really good guy. But yesterday Michael, you sold out. You've got no credibility left. You and Dwight Laudernale and the Gantama Shkohovater Hamilton. And thank God I never watched their news. I never watched the only person over there. It's got any credibility is done. Oh, who's a good weather guy. Other than that, they suck. I hope that the ghost of Ann Bishop comes and drives you off at a guy named Diesel Ring. Never to be seen again. The whole bunch of you. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. The pay of people should have worked. They tell you make me sick. Get out of Cuba quick. You are so God, never it's you and me go. Son of a bitch. This all we know you like are you behind the striped. Where were you in 60 free till you killed ten that they just moved there. Where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, Get out now and see your nation are you in to mass devastation. He's there will live the empago Cuba will become another key log of USA. USA. We're starting all the rampant mode away. You're lost it. Yes. Oh, get out of Cuba. We just can't use your fucking around way too long. Hey, you ugly but I could not you laugh. The pay of the show that's worth. Hey, fucking. Hey, you. You're not a Cuba quick. You are so God, they're rich. You are me go son of a bitch. They follow me know you like. I hope you behind the strikes. Where were you in 60 free till you killed John Kennedy? Mutes. Mutes. Mutes. Mutes. Get out now and pre-onation are you in to mass devastation. You've been very, very busy. And far go to the will of the country. Logo. USA. USA. USA. You're the, You're the, No, No. You're the, You're the, You're the, You're the, You're the, You're the, You're the, What happened to I poppy it's five minutes passed no in five see two things we know about Castro number one. Isn't that so number two we ain't going anywhere. So that's all you need to know. Here's the plantation hello. Hey, Yes sir. Hey buddy. I don't have a call in a cool age. I got all these things I want to talk to you. Okay real quick. How is that old cool. Go ahead. First of all, I was working on the house and I had that game on it. I just knew boy I couldn't wait till 10 o'clock this morning. I knew you would be following at the mall. I am and I am you know something like I said I watched maybe two or three minutes of the full play because you know I was watching the Pittsburgh Buffalo where the hell of a game is. I'm having that like this and I was watching that so I'm not going to waste my time watching some stupid mean was. Was it family. First of all. No. Oh, they had to run there. No. No. What's in charge it was they were it was a Cuban couple. They had a bed on who would win in Michael Pudney's running around some bar down in the, I don't know if they had a little of an I talking about this and that who's going to win the game. I mean, it's just what you said it was a real panda and suck job. You know, I mean, a Cuban people on television could see the Orioles had better uniforms in the Cuban national team. That's all with Neil. I put that to a group of guys and see we had better uniforms guys. What do I go? We win you lose and they won't a game anyway. So that's it. What I keep asking myself and you do the same is I don't understand why everybody was so happy about the polping down there. And then the bacon on the other side. I don't have one response to that and I'm telling you again like I said back then these people are cowards. They were afraid to speak out because the church has got them knuckle under. They keep giving them their money every week and schlepping there and subsidizing this corrupt bankrupt institution. And they're afraid they're tail, but when it comes to opening up their mouth about a stupid baseball game, then all of a sudden we got these 200 Macho old spics. One more thing. We're getting like you said a little while ago, which kind of made me call that we're getting a little bit more out of the stone age. Because it's something happened. I don't remember what it was. Because now we can say up your answer, whatever that you want. Well, first of all, there's a vice channel on the cable. Actually shows it now. Right. But they don't show the end part, you know what I mean. Okay. And then I was in a convenience store the other day and I flipped open a hustler. And I thought Larry Flint was going clean like Pele Playboy or Penance, but they actually show the actual penetration in hustler magazine too. So it's like we're lightening up. So that's all. You know what? I appreciate it your time and already think. Okay. It's here. I mean, what's wrong with a little bit of a penetration, huh? As long as it's not in the back. Oh God forbid. No way. 5, 6, 7, oh. I don't want to get started then again. Okay. And you know, see, a lot of people got very upset about that because I was the one that out and all. Oh, and also I'm glad I got into this. You are so full of crap. I talked to 50,000 people over the weekend. You're wrong. And you are terminally, hopefully, hopelessly Cuban. Rain washed. Just think about you're a one, I'm a six on the Kennedy scale. One is terminally straight. Absolutely. Totally. And six is totally gay. You couldn't possibly have sex with a guy. I couldn't under any circumstances even think about having sex with the woman. But you know how many millions and millions of two through five. And in fact, that somebody might be a two or three doesn't make them a fact. Any more that some guys that are alive. They have, huh? What does it make them? They have a lot of money. You are so indenial man. It's the Cuban thing. You get it. It is just the fact that you say these things is so ridiculous. It is. It's laughable. I'm a guy. It's bright as you are to have that one part of your brain. Well, you're just, why is that fantasy so important? Why can't you just, you know, fantasy of what that you have to say? So when I was there, I know two through five. Right? Sure. One of the six is, yeah. So what is that? What are they? Fags. So how about guys who are five that had sex with women? There's that thing. Does that make them straight? No. What does it make them? Fags. So everybody, okay, here we go. Everybody except George is a fag. Let's hear it. We just finally. Oh, I like it. Thank you for the solution. Not scored. I mean, that's okay. Oh, God, you're so hopeless. You just, uh, indenial baby. And coach, hit away from the ball, mother. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car with two canoe theft on the rise. The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Garlar. Now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my esport of a female. You think and the ass. Remember when we used to post a packet, Carabine. We ought to get a bundle of finish, baby. To white one to cooler. Get away from my esport of a female. You think and the ass. What the hell is that? I am the exteriorist. Me too. So, better than you like that. I think somebody's got the ass. Get away from my esport of a female. You think and the ass. Get away from my esport of a female. You think and the ass. Whenever some fast tries to steal my car, I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isaac Garlar. And receive a free flower antenna. Get away from my esport of a female. You think and the ass. And who's Jewish guy named Isaac Garlar? Well, they're all there's stories. Fuck a scene at 560. WCM don't forget to mad dog. We'll be here. Yeah. Frank Goldberg through the 6th attempt. And then we got Luke's through with 6 o'clock NCAA Championship basketball. The Spartans lost. They put on a tough battle against Duke. And then they ride in East Lansing and I'm embarrassed. When? How was that out? I didn't see any of that. Fuck I can see it. That was something. Oh, I wouldn't watch that. 560, 505, 60, Pont 560 on a mobile one line. We're talking to fat people today. And fat heads. Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes? Okay. Have a nice day. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, listen. I think you're a little confused. About what? Okay. Well, tell you what. See, I don't think you would know the meaning of freedom on democracy. If I stopped the statue of liberty up for birth. Uh-huh. See, because, you know what? You want a sensor. You don't want to hear the voice of the woman. You don't want to hear the voice of her minority. You know? And you don't know what to stand for. Are you here for democracy and freedom, yes? Right? That's why you live in America. Now they put people in jail over there. What are you doing talking double-talk? Well, we're not doing all of this. I'm not even talking double-talk. Now, I'm saying the following, right? They should put four people in jail over there for expressing ideas regarding freedom with democracy. Yeah. So you rather tanned there to those. How many people did they shoot in gentlemen's square? I agree with you. Yeah. I was against the visit of the Pope over there. Okay. I agree with the size of this. Did you call me? Did you call me when the Pope was over there? Yeah. I did. I don't think so. Yeah. You all. Hey. I've written about it. Okay. So it's in print. Yeah. But you didn't call me about it. Yes. I did call you. Okay. Okay. But I'm sorry. On top of the top of that. Okay. You know what? I think we have to define ourselves. You know. I agree with you in circles. Sir, I'm not questioning the right of people to go out and talk that you know, 100 or 200 people in Domino Park. All right. That's an act. I don't question there, right? What I question is the fact that the media every time those people go out and get psychotic about something. They whip it up into a friend he becomes a front page story. The people at Channel 10 have to start panicking and bending over backward and whipping the whole community up and Sir, you can believe me or not the fact that sir. Can I say something? Wait a minute. No, no, you wait a minute. The overwhelming majority of people in this town. the overwhelming majority didn't give a crap about that baseball game yesterday. Well, at the point of this, you know, what they showed them to you in his Castro with the two assholes with theater and girls and the commissioner of baseball. Yeah, I'll see if they can see. But you know something both of them are assholes. Both of them are both assholes before they went to see Castro. Yeah, I'll see. Yeah. And the people in Cuba, what happened? The invitation party has nothing to do with seeing the game. How to do with the fact that they didn't want any protests inside the stadium? Yeah. So they want to protest. Sure, I hate to break the news to you and everybody who's listening 40 years later, the majority of people in Cuba after all that brainwashing, the majority of people there think Castro is a great guy. I'm sorry. I just knew it was a long day out of the wrong. They are afraid. They're afraid. They don't have the courage to go ahead and you know, die for the country. Okay. That's the problem. Mother cowards like the people I ran out of there 40 years ago. No, it's smart. Okay. Because we didn't want our families living on the S.O.B. anymore. You would want your family living on the S.O.B. What was that in smart? How can we didn't get them? I mean, there were millions of people. Why didn't you kick his hands? Well, number one. We tried to. We tried to go back. We tried to go back with weapons. We were unable to get over there. We tried to do that. We got the screws. Okay. Anyway. I don't know. After that, the somebody makes a pact with Russia. Hey, we were not going to let anybody hurt Cuba. So anybody here who tried to buy weapons to go over there, they're closing to jail. Oh, sorry. I hate to break the news to you. It's not like Cuba. We have laws against that. Individual people's kids can't start their own little foreign policy. You know, the accounting likes to pretend it's a foreign country. They make it so important to get the law sir. Mr. Mashok, please don't. You know, has to decide, you know, you see for democracy, or you see for, you know, for whatever is convenient, you know, for his affairs. You see, so, you know, if he's he who has to decide? Mr. Titi asks, please don't. Oh, and I'll, and I'm Clinton was the one that did this. Well, he approved it. He didn't have to approve it. Yeah. And what did it change? I'm not proving. What is this is the same Clinton by the way. I don't hear you are here. I'm here. You're praising him for the fact that he's, you know, that he's cut off all the Cuba and he's got his stone relationship with Castro. He hasn't got a lot to him. Because, you know, he doesn't want to be in the immigration. So, in other words, if he doesn't do everything that you approve, I'll get a, sir, you're wasting your time in your time. Okay, call up an audio, man. Be. Tell us in your right wing, bull crap. Okay. Always the same. Always the same. One thing about guys like this, they never met a Democrat that they liked. Everyone, I'm coming east of a communist that they're too liberal. They're the kissing his ass no matter what he would do. And like I said before, I'm sure that Bubba or Mississie pants or whatever this guy calls him has more important things to worry about. Now since we're fighting the war in Kosovo, they weren't about some stupid ball game in Cuba. Let me say it for the 50 million times. You and your, your L can get on a radio bomb B and all those other goddamn stupid, one dimensional radio stations in Haca, China, the same crap. And you know what, attack me like you did. Oh, I wouldn't know freedom. I know all about freedom, sir. You don't know nothing about it. You would know freedom if they stuck the whole goddamn country up your ass. Much less the statue of liberty. All they know here is, oh, well, you to help it to death and you can't say this. And you can't say that. Yeah, we'll say whatever to help we want to say. Because that's the American F in way, okay? And if you don't like it, go out on your banana boat and go back down where you came from. That's the way I feel about it. Give me a lecture on what freedom is all about. And you know, something most Americans don't have any idea what freedom is all about. That's the sad part. They think they do, but they don't. Why don't you get on a plane, sir, and go somewhere to a real goddamn country? Or they really understand freedom. Not a place where you're allowed to say whatever the government decides it's okay to say, and you can't say this word, and you can't say that word. Right. That's freedom. As long as you don't step on anybody who's sensitive, as long as you don't step on their toes, then you're free. Go over to Britain, sir. You fit in perfect over there for that constipated bunch of bricks that don't even have a first amendment. You fit in perfect. Go to the given. You give the queen the kiss for us. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I watched a good bit of the ball game yesterday, and I think what we need to do is make Fidel Commissioner of all sports here. Yeah. They paned the bar. I think I got a better idea. Since our John Henry, our new Marlins owner, is so outraged over that game being played yesterday, why doesn't he do everybody a favor? Signs that L.O.P. Obviously, you know, this is his lifelong dream, is to play baseball. He's the baseball as it is blood. Stay out. He don't carry. He's been a dictator for a million years, 40 years. He don't care about that anymore. He would jump at the chance. Give him a nice Marlins uniform. Sign him up, put him out there and amount. He's got to do better than some of the shifts we got on this team. And then, you know, they would just go over there and have a good time. Well, I like him in charge better, because what I noticed when they paned that stadium and they did it off, and there's no stop people there. Because he controls the stuff. That's right. Nobody, nobody. He has to be cheering us. Charging an equation over here. That's right. There's nobody getting up in the middle of the inning running around, peeing, and puke, and and drinking and having to try. That's right. That's right. Well, he'll be on the end of the matter. We know that. And nobody was standing up in a front everybody when they were just about to hit the ball out of the ballpark. That's right. Exactly. And no, God damn, so far. Right. That's right. All right. Excellent. Cousar. Thank you. God bless you. There you go. Oh. He had to run through a whole bunch of me before you find again. And by the way, where is that facts from my doctor guide, Danna? I hear a fact starting over there. Peter B. the one. You know, it's one thing to hold back, Sto. He's two and a half weeks later, Mark. Let's get with it. You're a good guy, but just a little on the slow side. Wasn't it like an hour and 45 minutes ago? He was going to be facts to me? You know, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, but it's kind of like the Greg Reed, if and well, you know, oh, we're going to stay to the art studio. We're going to do this, yeah. Man. And by the way, the dinner with the rimmers was great. And nobody at the table was disease. And you and I ain't going to there, all right? Next time you bring that up, you tell them, Neil, listen, going to dinner with you, Greg. Not going to happen. It was nice the first time it was pleasant. The food was great because I picked the restaurant. And that's fine. That's the end of that business. I want to take care of business here first. I don't go to dinner with people who, you know, have other people call me back. And, you know, don't have the courage to deal with me to the face to face. I don't, I don't go to dinner with people like that. With people are like, uh, so cowardly that they can't, because they don't speak the language. I thought we had one language problem in this town, which we all were well aware of. But we got another language problem. I worked for people don't speak the same language that I do. Here's Miami, hello. Do you have a bag? Let's go to a Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. You know, that left cold, that Cuban guy really fits me off the statue of liberty and everything. Yeah. I'm so sick and tired. Yeah. Wester to get down here. In date County, no one else gives a rat test in this country. About Cuba, except these morons in date County. And you'll notice that this story was like, good, actually, somebody faculty, they were watching, uh, they were watching the Fox affiliate channel five in New York. Anybody want to do any of these? It was like the very last story. He's like, I'd like an afterthought, like they give it about 10 seconds. I know, because no one cares about it. And all these people down here complain in random, Ravenclaw, Cuba, this, Cuba, that, will forget about that man, I'm supposed to be a part of it. And then that's my point that the whole community has been flagulated with us until we're puking from it. And the people are on channel 10. And there were others in the media, but them and the newspapers, I mean, play in this thing up like, like, you know, I got up this morning, uh, the alarm clock said seven or clock, the sun was shining. My dogs did the same, the back yard. And life goes on. Nothing changed yesterday over a ball game. Yep. And God bless you, sir. All right, thank God. Here's a fact by the way, it was very bitterly disappointed with you, George. And where is that path? That's not your already. What? Probably that same guy in tall crushed. Oh, this is from PubKathode Ring. Oh, yeah, the same guy, remember? One, or did you save that? This is one that just came in. Also, the fact machine is working, Dr. Mark, maybe just not from your office. Maybe we've got a French connection. It's just, I love George. He does a great job when you're on vacation. He smart has a lot of interesting ideas, but it's very disappointing. And here is argument that anyone who may have had sex with their own sex, even once is gay. I'm sorry that simply is not true. I happen to be a fag, but it's irrelevant. It says, men are men. We are made to be horny. Many men who are straight went put in the right circumstances. Prison truck drivers or a ship will get lonely for human interaction and Iraq with men after that they returned a normal scene close that they are straight because they're always wearing a first place. George, make an ad comment, make some sound like a typical fear-filled Julio who secretly hangs out of Westland. Signed very disappointed. Yeah, I'm homothoga. Oh, you know, I'm a anti-Semitic. Oh, I love the Arabs. Yeah, but they don't, they're scrappy dresses. Oh, no, I made an excellent point at George before and I'll say it on here. This is true. In the society, all over the world, good-looking people are more popular. They're always looked upon more favorably than those of us who are, oh, it's like if you guys are on trial for a murder, people who are good-looking always get more sympathy and rather than people like that. They fall for that, even though a lot of good-looking people are asshole. And the same thing with the way people dress. When you're dealing with like Arabs with all the schmots and they're even middle-eastern like the Pakistanis with, and I'll tell you, going to Toronto a lot, the Pakistanis are terrific people. But like the Pakistani can drivers, they all wear those big purple turbines, you know, the schmots as under it. And so we can't relate to that. So people who dress like we do, we're more sympathetic toward them almost always, than we are with people who dress differently. So maybe if like AirFart would like take a bath and shave and let's put on, like a suit like Regrid once in a while. Yeah, better haircut I would hope, but something like that. All of us in Garban, Edigal, what? Prop 31 at 560WQM, I interrupt the proceedings where I made your announcement by the way. I have a scandalous thing in my hand, don't I think? We just received a piece of mail, boys and girls from Direct TV. Remember a few days ago I was telling what on the air here about how they, they were sending us, they were done in us for being passed due. I mean us, I mean, it's our service here on this thing. But of course the stations are both to be paying for that, right? Yeah. And I mentioned it on the air. Did that work? Did that embarrass him in the paying the bill? No. We want to make sure you continue to receive all the outstanding entertainment Direct TV has to offer. And keep in mind, all we have is the basic package. We have no premium channels, those sports channels, no nothing, no spice, no nothing. So the bill for like three months now, I guess it's passed. It was 8290, I guess that's her two or three months. It says, your service is at the risk of being disconnected because we haven't received your payment. I have worked any in you again. You think I'm making a supper that I'm a melt container. I want to be whatever you think. No, this is for real. I have it in my habit right in my hand now and the goddamn bill too. And what I'm going to do and I just will, I'm going to take this thing home. I get cut on envelope and I'm going to mail. I'm going to send it check myself. This is the only contact. I mean, now in this studio, we don't even have windows. This is the only contact we have to the outside world is our direct TV up here with CNN. That's all. To me, right? Which something maybe he'll get the level up on that so I could actually put it on here. George Corso, maybe you can get some luck. Here's the worst guy getting the levels, you know? Seriously, what is the problem of getting some level on a damn tune? I crank that thing up. Listen to that. I think to Serbia, you could smile. Yeah, you could smile. If you really, you barely even move the goddamn needle. So I'm taking the home and I'm paying the 83 bucks out of my own pockets because I don't want to have us disconnected here. Everything with these people, you have to threaten them to get the money out of them. Did George get his $200 in soy of the month bonus yet? No. Did I have that $12, 100, whatever, a down payment on the playoff tickets for the passes yet? No. Did they pay the $183 bucks? No. Oh, but some people around here are all the bees. What wonderful guy. Chief, chief, chief, chief, chief, chief, chief, chief, chief, chief, chief, chief, chief. Bush leg. Right. We're going to put this up on a wall. This letter from Direct TV, trying to disconnect our service because we're $83. Pans do. Here's a guy, Mr. Bigshot. Mr. Marla, Mr. Dolphin. Mr. Panther is Mr. Sports. Mr. I got a haircut. Mr. whatever disease he's walking around with this week. Mr. I'm going to take you by a steak dinner, not. But they can't pay the bills. I've seen Chinese laundries that were one more efficiently than this place. I've seen coin operated self-service laundry. There were one more efficiently with nobody around. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Mr. You know, I got a freedom story for a Cuban caller. Yes. And I also like called before telling me to stick the stats or liberty up his ass. Maybe you like this. We're going to talk about liberty. Okay. And I'm not going to impede the police department because the guys actually did the the dirties. They were embarrassed. They were doing it. And they treated me as nice as, you know, what are you talking about? One outsider and I had a T-fake. Do I want Dartmouth set? Let's do our know. Do I want Forte set? No. I want a little weed. I purchased a bat. Yeah. I must say. There you go. And I get pulled over about two miles later. And the cops said I was speeding. You said that. The other thing wasn't the case. Finally told me, listen to this. They were cops hiding in the bushes. Yeah. So what are we doing in the bushes? Same with the other. Watch, watch me make my $5 purchase. Yeah. This, they were in this. Don't be pissed. What's will be unnamed? Yeah. Right. There were no mudgings going on. There were no robberies. There were no rates. There was no body being the crap out of each other. They had so little to do. There was so much crime solved that they could sit in the bushes. And watch me buy a nickel pack. We live in the fleet country, you. Okay, later. Don't do it again. Okay. 560, 560, Pomp 560, on a mobile one line. Here's a guy I got caught with. Yeah. Come on. Some bad weed. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Hello. Here you go. Yes, sir. Okay. Listen. I got a question for you. I tried getting through to the Minister of Nutrition, Mr. Castro, but he wouldn't take my phone call. Yeah. I figured out asked you about his other snack. I'd rest you two by the way. Yeah. If you got, I could stand and lose about 30 pounds. And I wanted to know more about this hack. And it's that when you started it, how long did it take for your body to take to the new die? What's it really rough? Well, what do you mean when I started? I've been on an offer for four years now. Okay, see what? I've never done it before. I don't know too many people have done it. But I'm saying don't know for any opinion. You've already done it. Yeah. When you first started, was it run on your system? No. It didn't take much. About maybe two or four days and you get some headaches. You get sugar withdrawal. That's the main thing you'll notice. You sugar withdrawal. Okay, so if I get it, it's not really worried about just things field. Maybe a week or so. Yeah. I can't tell you. It all depends on you. I mean, you know, everybody's different. And the diet is not even more for you. Yeah. Okay, good luck, sir. Good luck. Good luck to all of the staff people. Still know what. Facts from the doctor. Yeah. You know this. This is just not right. You know what? It's just not effing acceptable. You know? The efficiency level of the people here at this time, man. It's a snail's pace. Everything just kind of creeps and crawls along. Like some kind of a lazy backwater deep-south like Pascogula, Mississippi. Something like that, you know? Like Southern Comfort. I think Southern Comfort was filmed in the Everglades, not in the Swamps of Louisiana. I already do. Every now and then you'll hear away when you go to the alligator alley. They'll say, hey, how's my you? And you know that Southern Comfort, all of those mugwoms can't be far behind. Yeah, call up this show and give me a lecture on what some of the whole grizzled who'll give me a lecture on what freedom is all about. And I don't know from freedom. You don't know your ass from my doctor's elbow, sir. And give me a song to the answer. You called when the Pope was here. Bull crap man. Bull duty. You called me when the Pope came down there. All of you had that like a lip lock. Everybody was terrified. God forbid you should open up a mouth about the Holy Father. God forbid. That silly old fag in a dress with a silly beany on just like they were showing on CNN. They're doing the series now about the millennium and all these things of the century. And they're showing the queen of the one today is Queen Elizabeth. And they're showing these clips from our coronation. And they're holding a slap in that big thing behind her there. And they got the the whatever the house he's holding with the crown and all those crap from those stone age. And there's Prince Philip that silly bastard. It's a oh God. And all those metals on and every dickillus out fit. And you wonder why I say the world is insane. Oh God. Crazy. Crazy people running around. See who we're out the moon. Come on. My lord did hey my balls were blue and i hurt theram the We girl And the peace of cheese and the heroine The face of a steal would dare not bite And I think to myself whatever we hear Oh, dear But now I've drinkin' life You feeling free of eye I've got to find a naco Make me it's been dry I've reached out with my hands And I don't need you Really meanin' You'll have to do So that's what I'm trying I just have fun I want to do it And if we know sir, mum Now I'm so breathy What a blood to be your home Yeah, I've been to my home Good up But I've been here Well, here's a lovely fact But CNN, who is the five in my life And I've been to the club And you've been to the club for so much Why don't you do your show someplace else Or go back where you came from You are a wrong, uh, something, brother A wrong one You are in a wrong town Viva cuba libre Audio smudded colon And then it's got a picture of a pinga cubana That they do here very nice artwork Neal suck my cuba in a pinga cubana It's it From A and M duty supplies in Miami Five six seven Five six seven five six And pound five six the animal mobile one line Okay, this is exactly what I'm talking about I don't know freedom of speech And I hate cubans Here's a pebbric pine Tell us sir Yes sir I just wanted to bring up some of our hockey Talking about that now Talking about whatever you want sir Okay, did you notice the game Saturday? I'm a sorry Saturday The last two games Who was on the ice when the score of the goals? Seven and eight When the other team scored the goals Then the score was on the score of the score And when the score was on the score of the goal Seven and eight were on the ice We'll send them a patrick And And what does that mean? I think my goal isn't played pretty good last night I think he's doing better every game We'll need to run the room But shut out They're staying there looking each other on a powerplay Yeah They got to get the rest together Well, but you're not going to notice two guys For there's a million other guys You could not have got to cut Mueller They can't put it in an empty net Oh he got busted at that He's done a wall every time No he's he's busted as that He's finished Don't you want to show when you learn what the game is all about Call me back, okay? When you have some idea what it's all about Call me back He's finished He's done he's well done Stick a fork at him like you'll use to say he's done Kirk Mueller Can't do it And all I crap about Robby Robby He makes a little tiny draw I mean a simple play that happens a million times in a game And then Paris makes a great shot to tie it up A two minutes left in a game And they're ready Oh Terry Murray Robby had a great game He did not have a great game I can't remember the last time he had even a good game Much less a great game His statistics are so bloated and so overblown Like empty net goals and goals at the goal he's with Done I remember one game he got I over and over again in my mind I keep rethinking these things Oh that was a great play a little drop pass there Like just inside of blue line Like I said 4,000 times a game Guys make that pass And you know a big deal Paris makes a great shot Sean Burst stands on his head Keeps him in the game This guy all year long has kept this team in games That by the end of the first period they would have been out of the game already Sean Burst is anybody talk about him No, anybody give him the credit he deserves No, no, but Robby had a great game Clueless Clueless Clueless Here's a mobile in Miami Hello Okay sir Hey, you I have a couple of points to make to this Right wing Cuban that are brainwashing people First of all If the majority of the country was so impressed and so sad And so pissed off about the way to be included by Castro So you think there would have been a form of reboled by now It's happened everywhere else in the world We've been repressed I hate to break the news to you Those people don't have the gun Can't feel nice So that's how that goes Okay, but how about it in chewy and stuff like that We'll peel chat all the power People still try to make a difference A lot of light were sacrificed People started and eventually started just upright Well the Cuban people aren't too excited Okay, second This Cuban think to think that all In addition to which he's been there for 40 years And these people can they don't want to believe it Okay, because they're so filled with hate in this story And you know and rightfully so in all the cases But but it clouded their judgment He's brainwashed at least two generations now of Cuban kids Most of the Cuban people aren't Don't don't think of him in that light Okay, and as far as it comes to like As far as it's concerned here The local, the local, media and everything These Cuban are so trying to brainwash everybody To thinking that they were this great nation That they're this great people They were a nickel and dime Right wing fascist dictatorships That's what they were And the woman is a word that's not even the vocabulary in that country And the rest of the world looks at it It's a banana republic They're not up to country We don't give a crap about their people That's my point We don't care about cancer We don't care about Cuba And it's 40 years later And he's not going anywhere Get over with it And stop flagulating this power that already That's my point Yeah And one more thing The Spanishness in this place The channel 23 Yes What a bunch of asses All they do is just kiss up to the Cuban They don't realize that they have other Spanish people Here that are not Cuban And you know what? Screw the Cuban something Get out of the But I like your head We are other people Oh my God Come down Another spick Why? Some huh? Reak it Oh you're a stop on that crab Every time somebody calls that you are like they're a reakening Okay, what do you got with us Puerto Ricans? I don't have anything with it Yeah, well that's your problem Some of those Puerto Ricans women man Joganic ass you love them Where are we going? By the way, the facts come from the doctor yet No No, I just I give I throw in the towel Okay, I surrender Get the white flag I surrender with him, okay You can't, oh there he is right there Boy, it must have been a psychic thing Dr. Mark, I keep looking on a facts machine Do I see the fact? No, no. I mean, two and a half weeks later And Harry is on a phone again Because he makes a bigger impact when he calls in That way to make a wait a minute The only item that was left over was the IGE Which is the marker for now The other two items There was two or three items left over Why did they help you got back already? No, I did not Okay, my mother that protein thing Yeah, that's the final came back on Friday Everything the final came back on Friday Cause we had an A&A thing for the loopage And the one that you just mentioned I can't pronounce which is why you're saying it Cause you know I'll mispronounce it I G. E. Whatever Right By G. E. Right, the market's up I'm in 60 I was going to narrow you off the phone Morning, but when I get back in the 50 Not actually we're in and out all morning You're right I'm here They came back back Friday and then you went off the air On the way Okay, we'll lay it on me, okay Cause I'm doing my blood sugar this morning Was seven or four 74 One ninety seven on a scale on the real scale Which a year off is was two 13 and December Okay So I make it a little progress I've got motivation is everything Well, but tell me about these results See, you still want to tell me about it I'll be glad to These are the loopage set The so called loopage set A&A stands for Antenuclear antibody and what it does It measures your body sort of an immune function Against itself Yeah Years with zero Sometimes drugs can set off an A&A And that might have been the cause of the rash Yeah Certainly wouldn't have been loopage And it requiring a little interpretation The rise today by the way is Virtually gone Just about 99% of words for that Offer-logally a scar that I'll never hear With a from the biopsy But that's okay The IGE stands for Anianobloviolene and it's one of five classes of proteins In the body that mediate different kinds of immune functions IGE in particular Does the classical allergies like sneezing And things that you touch contact That's so much That's so much the Well, yeah, like getting a rash immediately When you touch something And what it is is it's a rough scale And you're if it was in a low normal range So that's not what's going on either The last item since your protein came back high I was a fractionated and make sure that you weren't developing Some early Lucemic type disease of older men And that didn't come out either So these three things became out well Now they don't tell us what did happen But at least they tell us what the danger is going on Part of these things All the back links He puts the lotion in the basket So in other words, I'm fine I'm actually telling you If I tell you what you're asking me What not will not be the reason that the protein The blood of the protein would be high Well, is that anything the actions? It's possible I'll leave it at that Well, I was more interested in making sure what it's not And what it is, a lot of these things are good But excluding disease better than making it You're painting down a bag of roses Because now I'm terrified about two things And that's kidneys and feet Those are the two areas No, no, no, no, no, no, no You're a lot You're a lot of a lot I know as a smart diabetic You know the diabetic's need to check on their feet And they're eyes frequently And I heard you talking about how you watch your feet And you're being a... You're being... you're being... You make it sound like you're being paranoid But I think you're a personal animal man And we're like a charmer Get rid of all those little skin tags on your feet You know? Right, it's great And the other item you just mentioned was the... What is this? No, no What's he been on on your foot? What's he been on those pills for more than He's pretty much ten days You'd really have to do something truly stupid The record kidneys And that's just not going to happen You're kidney-possibly What about the high protein? Does that cause your a cation? No, no, no, no It really doesn't relate like that What it is is what they... It's kind of a long technical story What they look at is they break down the proteins And the blood looks to the spread of the different types of proteins I was concerned maybe You might have been developing Like I said, some kind of early kinix thing They could have caused the way I should Might have powerful into place But what about airing? What about serious active protein? Somebody's actually thinking about that How it chronic inflammation Maybe a side of high risk of stroke? See we act as protein is really At a acute we act as protein I wouldn't go looking for that way to wipe We can do that a later date But I don't know what to say I'll have that word Smoldering low-level inflammation It goes on for years But is he tickable only on blood test? Appear to be a side of high risk of stroke Yeah, but it's not reliable A lot of these steps And I know you're picking up on this A lot of these steps It's not reliable It's not like you can pin down one item And say here's the blood test Here's the result here's the disease Sometimes it's a it's a it's a it's a syndrome A constellation of signs and symptoms And the right constellation sometimes it's in the eye of the beholder Mm-hmm Sometimes Yes, I I'm not saying it You know I do things in my liver and you know No, you pointed when I was in the studio And I think where you pointed, what if you're liver? Well, wasn't Probably muffled well, even in test But it wasn't, it wasn't liver liver's a fire Mm-hmm And you can eat functions on the test where it is fine Right So I'm great You're great, Neil I'm going to tell you how you feel But you're great I'm two and I'm taking half of those pills Like down to 12 and a half milligrams of the ACT Right, which is infecting my blood sugar at all now Thank God Right I mean if I were to keep taking those 50 milligrams I think right now I'd be on dialysis Mm-hmm You're concentrating a little bit A little bit but not another good thing Yeah I know better than I know I'd use you Because Dr. Bernstein says keep those sugar levels low Keep it low Of course I'm not familiar with Dr. Walsh Kind of like going rock candy on your arteries Right And you want to keep it low So I think I'm on the right road Finally I think I finally If nothing else those test me I think I should repeat them How soon? Oh Six weeks Okay And we're not going to need to do fancy stuff Right We're not going to need to And it was a week and a half, not two and a half Well, I'm so sorry And I know you were going to be there after one A clock Friday So I want to pass service I want to battle you with the promise of the service Okay Okay I'm dazzled Thanks, Mark Alright, everybody calling I'm going to need to stay on the act I don't need any believe me My mind is fixed I'm obsessed I'm a driven man Out of the way Okay Alright, see So we need any help from all these fat people Like I saw that game I'm serious You know, and I'm sure most of them are nice people But she's somebody How do you fit your ass in those seats? I mean you know we're talking fat When you look at somebody you wonder How can they get that big gigantic fat Right There's in a fairly small seat How do those people do on a plane Besides a lot You know what do they do? How do they get their ass in a seat on a plane? Especially in coach Can you imagine Al Goldstein in coach? No You know how a lot of times I'm going to plane the armrest Like folds back That's gotta be He's got a by two seats One for each cheek Huh? Oh, Al Goldstein He's sitting cheek to cheek Right there on a coach You can afford for his class Although he's cheap when it comes to staying Not cheap but leather I have going to like Nixon's spend $2,000 on cigars Well, it comes to things like that cheap cheap cheap Give me a good cheap apartment over there I'll come on you can handle it As long as he pays for it 560560 Pot more I feel so much better than talk to do Dr. Mark I want you to I am My I am the So why do you feel hours? All right The other night I watched A wrestling match Who thinks Who's men with sweaty tracks They would try to grab each other's ass Waring nothing more than the tiny cheese straps But when they rang the bell And the match was over I couldn't help but notice I had a big phone I want a be a regular A sore sore And have a man's scratch Wrap around my mouth A ride A be a regular Press your door Feel free to push your hands Side and arm Why is it 16 a little guy Stick my hand between Another man's leg Oh! Oh man, I pull my hands away I get to sell my fingers You know that other than Sometimes he trains You don't need to have Much of a brain I swam as in the shower After you worked out You don't want to waste In someone's balls in your mouth And know that white scene can be messy And to smelly That's why they like to rub that hay-wine On their belly I want a be a regular And they're changing more runs Just like you I want a be a regular A sore sore sore sore sore And they be run for governor too As long as there's a tracks of crowds I don't find the way down Rubber's feet These days are locked with some clumpy queer Muddacone Why don't we three at five sixty WCM? This is a facts from a NMP You see it always happened this way If you're a expression point of view And this is for that jackass That old fart that called before I'm on the stick in the statue of Liberty I possess which I think he'd enjoy Which I don't know give me a lesson on freedom If you say anything no matter what it is That doesn't agree with a particular point of view The establishment point of view as they see it Then right away you hate Cuban, you hate this one You're a big at Ku Klux, fans in Muddacone Whatever Last parts right And let me make it very clear I speak for the overwhelming majority I believe of people who live in San Florida When I tell you that all of us Our second tired of this historical Psychotic one-dimensional mindset That there's two or three hundred old fart in Domino Park And evidently the people of the NMP And I'm beauty supplies and some of this fact That's in their brain Viva Cuba Libre, yes what you like going to see No Cuba Libre, okay? Maybe you can drink one, but you are going to see it In fact, most of us anglo Is if I hate to use that hate caster Even worse than humans, you want to know why Because if a word for caster will be in there A lot of assholes like these people wouldn't be here This town would be like paradise Without those old scuzzi right wing pieces of turd We only know one thing One dimensional Papa Papa like a stuck god damn record Those are the people who were sick and tired of And here the median is down Led by Channel 10 And a bunch of totally irresponsible Panthers Have turned this into a big I mean front pages of newspapers and big pictures We're all supposed to be whipped up And like I said before Nobody with a brain cares about a stupid baseball game But that was the same asshole today that he was yesterday And a week ago, circus and we'll be 10 And we're from now, etc. So until he stick his beard to the ass in the ground We hate him like poison, okay? But this crap about oh yeah And it's always the same thing like the one before all You're bastard, Maddoque on other same title of crap Get a new vocabulary, get a new thought in your brain Is it possible? Same old tire like I said like a stuck record Like a one note pony Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Mobile in Miami Okay, they waited 39 minutes and 31 seconds and audio 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, audio, 18, 18, why don't sign? Probably Dr. Mark put him in a coma Here's for a lot of nail, hello Hello Neil Yes sir, did you see the story about Madland Mario here this weekend? Somebody just passed it to me just this moment, you must be sucking That was me actually Oh Yeah, and what I just didn't read it yet I think she's been murdered Really? Yeah, they think they're her and the son and the grand daughter role He actually told a probe in Texas case of missing atheist They're investigating the former office manager for Madland Here for a possible murder David Waters 52 was ordered held by Madland I've been murdered by a Federal magistrate There's a after police thought of a stash of ammunition And his host at apartment You'll legal because he's a felon How do you like that? Yeah, for all these years, people been making They disappeared to avoid the IRS And now it turns out they all maybe did Well, well, well, well, well they'd be avoiding the IRS She was a wealthy person or something Well, I don't think so Apparently they had a stash of like $500,000 of gold coin Yeah, so what's that? And people think they just took that money and ran off somewhere And it looks like this, this ex-girlfriend You took this stash and ran off with it Yeah, after he did all three of them in And probably stash them, right Oh, and that talking about the Cuban people And how they don't have any guns You know, this past week when all the pair of goins We're in the street protesting these assassination device presidents Yes I saw a lot of rocks being thrown I didn't see they had any guns either But they stayed out there and they get protesting to the president But let me say it again He's been in power there for 40 years And there are tremendous numbers of people there Who've been brainwashed into communism And in the thinking that their way of life is just fine And this is the way it's supposed to be And he's a great guy and that's the way it is Whether the people that want to believe that are not It's too bad Or at this point it's too late I'm saying when it first started, if people had done out in the street Everyone else is done One day we're not going to believe this show is very clearly They turned tail and ran Right I mean they keep saying all we were smart we ran We didn't have any guns we ran A lot of people have got to go Let me say it again for the 40-minute time It's 40 years later We're tired of hearing about it already Let's live the real world And stop living in this fantasy land Of something that's going to happen That isn't going to happen, okay? And enclosing Yes For the poor pot head who got busted with a nickel bag Yeah Just saying no Okay Whatever that means 560560 and Pond 560 on the 18T wireless line You know why people are getting busted for pot don't you? That's the American fucking way Right Because we live in a goddamn country that isn't free And it's been animal guys called me for it We give me a lecture on a statue of liberty He would know where to find a statue of liberty If you stuck it in his right That's right Give me a lecture given us a lecture about freedom Don't become an ear and tell me what freedom is all about Buster Everybody's got a big mouth Everybody bap bap bap bap bap You don't know what to tell you talking about, okay? And as far as that thing with the Pope I'm still waiting Still waiting here Why long ago how many months ago how you were going to whatever it was It's got to be close to a year ago he was here with his dress Everybody was quiet Nobody had anything nothing to say Nothing to say Well, it's embarrassing But we don't know whether the screen would be cheeky to banana And so they each are key to banana instead Here's a mobile a naples hello Hello Neil Yes Listen this this fact that you received is really got me pissed off and fired up They're telling you if you don't like it to go back to where you came from Yeah, you see these pigs run an all over town Doesn't matter where they're from You have a repo cube but they got their little flag They're little bumper stickers all over their car Yeah, if they're cut for so great what the hell are they doing here? No question It's like people when I love New York bumper stickers They love New York so much what they'll do it down here You got it, pal OK I know you got I know you guys Just a little bit the list the past week or so How about a nail working at a beauty supply shop Ah Have a great day Thanks Neil Bye boys We back on had spag thing again Oh, OK 9 minutes after one were talking to me before about all those old tubing facts there you know they're I'm I didn't say old well yeah just like Cuban facts oh but the old one oh they can't in fact you just can't say no to them because they don't take a no for an answer a sterile out of control in fact they're probably the guys that are drilling those holes there in Westland and then the young guys come in and I you know I'm knowingly get caught up in them so to speak we have an open line somewhere out there in radio land 5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 50 on the AT&T wireless line I mean if you got an power drill like that a power tool oh you know something that is the answer I mean what how else would you start a glory hole but with the year tool oh you should have done a nice piece of sausage at four each yeah what are you doing about the bunch I'm gonna make you a bit of a sleigh of like a like a like a bit you should have had a lot of you rabbit hole why are you airing like this one 15 at 5 60 WC and we got a couple of lines at a board actually the phones are working today let's hear it your phone is thick you go that's all we want I just leave us alone remember what I said about a month ago that if it would just make everything work and just stay to hell out pay the bills or here's another one by the way those classy people at somebody on the station was raven about because you got some free tickets to a stone concert rumor has this is they don't pay the phone bill over there in the phone companies threatening to shut the phones down over there in four miars on seven seventy wwc and a whatever that stays in the call which nobody knows the call it is because it's a fan of radio station that we're on a video over there and they happen to be the state in the same building with the beesley's over there's no shame so why should it come as a surprise that I got to write a check for each rebugs to keep them having our direct TV a service turned off here people who don't pay their bills are worth a crap okay that's the way I look at life I'm not gonna understand people that don't have any money that are desperate maybe they don't have any money maybe that's what they dress like that five six seven oh five sixty well see Greg he can trade out those suits you know he can trade it out and somebody in his family's got a lot of money anyway five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty on the eighteen teardust line here's a mobile in my me lake so no you don't die him yes sir couple quickies one if a John Henry wants to don't stadium I'm sure he can talk to his buddy C. Delg two if what's the people just community the bill goes for the city and the outcome over he can be the general manager and then all these old cubans and not a part of the go and take care of it all in the kiltyberg's lunch two turds who on stone the marlus sucks and I'm down to Cuba let's get another team year okay so I I turn to get the cubans about ten years ago when they're having the turn against the cubans what is that let me just say they've talked about the radical ones yeah they had that rally down at the vapor park and they're having a peaceful pro uh... capital whatever pro uh... normalization with Cuba rally yeah and and the anti showed up picked up rocks with the famous war is an a's that was blown of others like if you feel the queen and we have a life to do it is you're the the less of that's right that's the way it is that's what I'm telling you labeled people people are professional cuban professional juice professional Muslims professional fill in the blank okay professional assholes we don't need all these labels stop compartmentalizing yourself these idiots that were calling the worst in this morning I heard three or four well i'm a cuban american i might have a year stop already your kill us with that bullcraft okay we don't care we're not interested we're not impressed we don't care whether you're a guy that an african american cuban american you'd love american we don't care it's a crack a crap grow up already get over it get over it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line and for that bitch by the way all we're whatever jack and i want to the hockey games in your life at okay so we don't and lose some way before it's too late feso here's north Miami hello sir first of all i just want to say that the guy i don't care about the case baseball gaming played out in the middle of the game the baseball game and they are the sex politically it has on the you know i think it's that's a crock of crap but i really get picked off when i hear some someone like the guy who called before the break and he says you know why are the cuban store and rocks and then why are they always leaning on this government to help them of you know get rid of casherel because i did that that really took off because this government has been working behind the scenes the security to get rid of casherel and you remember you've had the same books about the Kennedy says you know the links with the c a and the mopy of the trada out casherel and how many failed times the work right so and and commandos l and the alpha sixty six these were all c i a look at a great job with you given a son of who's saying right well real good that's right and all these guerilla group that was formed were formed and trained originally by the c a a so these people have come to rely on this government as an underground way to try to kill him and try to get him out of this country uh and they have this country just government to run self as reasons for it let's not get ourselves see i don't know of any other group of people in this country who are demanding that we get their country back for them most of the people are very grateful to be here try to get with the program they speak the language they assimilate they become very proud american and they don't keep browbeating us and the rest of the people who live in her community with all you got to do this because we want to go back anybody wants to go back take a plane you can go to the Bahamas and then you can fly over there anytime you want be my guest go to Canada you can fly from there to Cuba every day of the week no problem at all nobody's keeping you out if it's so wonderful go back but we're interested in here and what we need which is a lot and we don't care about these things that's right and that's like all these dudes that are always screaming about Israel if they want to go there be surrounded by mortal enemies and have their kids blowing up on school buses let them go there okay i'm not sure i'm not the least but interested in Israel or Cuba either one isn't that crazy i've got many hard so many people say that you say that to me is my my first concern is Israel and then you know if i can tell you how many people say you because they know i travel a lot of you've been Israel and i say no what tell about a lot of go there for right i want to go with this lot of Jews i can go to sunrise it's right up the road for my house right at the same time you go to Israel and there's a rascal house here crazy old Jews i'd say time i don't want to be an isolationism i'm aware of what's going on in the world and i'm sympathetic to it but don't you know if you're not if you're going to talk blindly and i talk with what actually happens in the world and you know the experience of history then don't talk at all okay don't say the crap that you've been you know these people say it you know it comes from bigotry and not from actual fact right all right you know it's a good bus you one twenty one is five sixty wq on the voice of sanity here on qa and baby between ten and two the voice of sanity only one you'll ever hear in this god damn country all these people puking with their god damn right wing horse crap with their thinly veiled the fascism five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line what you talking about that before thinly veiled those middle eastern women that's the problem man you thinly veiled you're out here's higher lea hello where my wrong i didn't know what did this little two far away okay my fingers are getting old in the are critic highly hello hey yes sir i'm the one thing you're the fact that i'm lucky okay you see only mean matchu poro matchu yeah mou koulo matchu yeah poro matchu koulo matchu poro poro pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio pio yes and also by say that i was fine i'm not fighting you said you're a faggin come do so bad so we'll call the yeah so who cares your cuban aren't you well you're a faggin the my god was i see that you're getting a straight post long not a con my corn my corn oh i think uh are you a poro? uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh i love it i love it he's got a picture he's not a mitochondria's me a big cuban penis on here we know it's not cuban because it's not it's uh it's circumcised i'm doing penis i recognize that anywhere that was beautiful god bless you sir i'll indicate your me this well that's the guy from uh an m beauty supplies oh he works in a beauty shop oh he didn't have no mitochondan height in the elf today sweetie five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the yellow we'd have some choice one today maybe he was uh he was right up there with a guy with a statue of liberty stuck out of his ass here's a mobile and coconut creak hello hey no i'm doing okay sir i'd like to change the subject real quick if i could talk about the game a little bit last night yes sir okay first it uh i'd like to say the last guy who called who was ripping wolf and knows nothing about hockey that i think wolfson has done a great job so first game you played here which uh whatever the ranger game he was pretty shaky and then later the last two games he's done a little better every game and more and or by the way it's done very well for buffalo so i think both teams will do okay with that trade yeah i agree with that completely last night though it seemed like Chris loves was getting way too much ice time for me yes i uh i always does you know like you know it's funny it's funny you mentioned that because when i walked out of there you look at the it really most people here because they don't know i think about the game they don't realize how amazing it is that a team that's this mediocre i'm talking about the panthers can even compete in games like that again you look at all the talent the devil's and when i saw Chris while spacing off again Jason Arnold it just made me i didn't know what it is screamer cry i mean it says there are the penalty kills he starts him on the penalty kill and when we put it in line up with the tie thanks to Sean Burke yeah oh Sean Burke paid incredible but what blowed my mind was it blowed your mind it blew my mind yeah was uh they take a building there's one nothing yeah they take a penalty he starts Chris wells on the penalty kill they get a goal he starts the next line of molar werel and laws right after they tie it up one one start the line that can't score it off right then they come out the ice and he puts wells back on they score again what kind of coaching is that terrible it's unbelievable doesn't call it time out in the Colorado game oh and five nothing yeah and he's in a coma yeah he's that's unbelievable you've six goals in one period you don't call it time out what's all the goalie now he's our coolest unbelievable all right now i just want to give you my two cents and you know the amazing part of it here because breweries are not coming back this year but the amazing part of it is Carolina is folding like an accordion they blew a three one lead yesterday again Tampa of all teams and we're only five points behind them with two games in a hand i know we two teams in hand only this team might not only sneak into the playoffs because if i get free they might actually have home and event oh my son then yeah they might be a three-season one that leave unreal right all right mele god bless us they get easy to you god bless Sean Burke okay we got four hundred open lines in the board we've been smoking here since i kicked him in the ass early today but now we're slowing down to a crawl five six seven oh five sixty just when i was starting to feel a little bit better about life now they've abandoned me again oh you this crowd this crowd today is today once and forever in your life to open up a mouth and say something okay for the rest of us who's picking was should they want to do it no and for those people those cubins out there who aren't part of this right wing of fanatical one-dimensional crap that just go like it's like beaten a god damn dead horse man with a whip just keep flagey lady in flailing and beaten and out of god damn thing is going to happen like that guy that duty supply he's beaten it right now you'll look at the glory hole okay 130 at five sixty w two here's the star of Amsterdam in New York in LA in the Pompatau B. J. Goldstein you're watching yes sir you're watching they have the biggest day of all next month I'm flying to Amsterdam for two weeks April April 29 is Queen today I know that are you going to be there when I'm there when you're going there what's going on there April 28 I'm going to stay for two weeks right well before you get there will be warming up your apartment for I want you to have that you can stay there with you are in road now we know I'm not going to stay there with you but we will steal all the pot you got later on so I have so much drugs oh I hear beautiful and in fact high times I'm officially a judge in the cannabis test contest a high time for next November 29. Finally I got a great diet that's finally started to work for me you know what it is I did thank you for you remember that video you said if you would run Jeremy naked yes every time I started working up a little bit of an appetite I pop that video in the VCR and I start like just walking all over the place it works like a chair I'm having it week it's been on you like this little Puerto Rican Patista group who hates a Dell who a bad loser you're a sore loser because I won't put out to you you know it's interesting yeah I wouldn't touch you with somebody else's hand listen the Batista thing the whole town and you're so lucky where are you now we're going to pop a dog at the pool oh you're here I'm here loving you oh you know crap that's good they with all these right wing people in the park all these them out of corn Madacone that's only no from man oh I don't want to do them things all I hate them and unlike unlike them I can say something no one else is I was arrested I've been five days of moral cat so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh fight for Dell I mean it's not like I'm a fedell lover but compared to Batista these people are happy they all have uh health they are they have education they have schooling uh under Batista all these low life succinct to Miami were very quiet there was no middle class they were that's right absolutely right they are low scim that's why they ran that's why they're turned ash and ran because they were all of a sudden going to be out and they ran like a like a a bad detail a little bit of a night right all these bombs froze F F U Z M I hate them says you know what happened they bought the same dictatorship under Batista they tried to impose on us right right hearing they can't you know what you only could spit and we're worried we're concerned about him you're feeling better I'm feeling better I'm doing sensational and what are you what are you gonna do I don't want to talk about your whole wife you're home so much of the drop to 195 to 175 to 175 I'm being so good because I'm so afraid I got why you need to 175 you mean in the morning it's 175 yeah that's terrible it's it's it's also like at least 80.2 well the album being grabbing at Shuzor in five weeks although when I hate knowing it's a bread and pasta turned to sugar why is that why you don't have to ask the Lord why that's why God why that is why can't hide and not because he works in mysterious ways that's why everything that taste good is bad for us because God is an SNM God You know that I know why I'm in Jerry's be good He keeps hanging you dangling in front of your face as soon as you are just like we have with the apple and the piranha ground And as soon as you partake of it, horrible things start happening. You know something you're not capable of dangling anything is for the mice Thanks for damn sure not anything you could see anyway And you I want to send you I'm disappointed you I'm very disappointed you I would have thought of all the people in America That would have outed all the right wing Republicans it wouldn't have been Larry Flint the port nine of wheelchair You know, I did not know about the alcohols thing. Yeah, I didn't with him last week. Yeah, but how come you didn't do it? Because I don't have the resources here. I you know four marriages and an investment on the Senate I really did yeah, could I mentioned this through websites? Yeah, we'd have to thank you We finally got it up at three years on this question WWWWW dot through mad one word dot com You can get through every week now finally I help for 30 years I I've been bottled up in New York and now Wide world web. I'm so excited about that meal. Yeah. Yeah, you feel good I'm not spreading you're a perversion all over the world, which I say Oh, great when you with the crack next Thursday night. Okay, I'll be in New York next week I'm gonna visit you at the trash know you all cuz next week We won't be in the dining room be on the fourth floor and there's there were many our boxes and anyone closes on the next week I'm I'm gonna be there when you're there. What do you tell me like I don't know about Queens day? Okay, but you know a Queens though about Queens day. Yeah, let's start up with all of the rest of Surians Selling their drugs on the streets of Amsterdam. I never know you know you know what I'm talking I know I think I might find that disgusting Especially you know why it's a bit of everybody else. There is so nice and so friendly There's no over you know in the streets and people are smoking a little weed But nobody pays attention, but the only ones that I was rushed to guys cool crack-bath core And I just it just bugs me, you know I have to agree with you Which I try not to play do it's it's no place is perfect and that's the one thing And I'm stood on that just great sign-ups. You know 30 in my New York case You know you smoke a little dope and you forget about it. You might like it I look I get five inches larger Okay, I'm feeling I'm gonna see that will boy didn't one of the night, okay? George George well this guy gets more free meals. How about fat ridges he coming to I'm an I invite him But you know he pick his notes if they're dead. I don't like You have a great day. Thank you. I'll see you. Thank you. See you. I'm stood on. Thank you, bye. Okay. Well Okay, we got 400 open lives now. Not gonna bother me. I don't care five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th T wireless line WDWW.screw mag.com there you go for those of you want to see screw magazine with all the real little stuff about the world And if you want to read about the pope any of which should ask those he have the back issues on there like the moment of the pope Yeah, the pope was taken it up the rectum Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello Mobile and Palm Beach Okay, long gone Here's Miami Beach, yellow Hey, yeah, sir. You know what the deal is with Michael Puts down to his knee and what is that? The reason he is the way he is is his bike that knows speaking to English too good He's his wife is a holian a holian a human holian. Why didn't realize that? Oh So he's he's a fucking stucky sucker. Uh-huh I just got it. I got it. Okay. Thanks. I think he was I wasn't the word that okay 1600 open lines five six seven over five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless my look through the fake voice on a mobile quickly. Hello Mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, new eye. Do I okay sir? And just call on a stay on this time tomorrow will be in Vegas baby. Yeah, you're thinking of it So I'll be guided this time for a week I'm pumped I'm excited and I need that fix just like call rub it in a little pal. Okay, and everybody here have a good week Wasn't a fake voice, but it was week you right over a stick with me. Oh They changed five six seven five sixty balsons. I said fake voice on a year And he's gonna do something else. That's why I had no material and pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line 23 till two of two M jim managed for Hank coming out back home. No, I know Right next to it at the two o'clock from to the six the mad dog and then we got book shambi 1645 it's better talking sports with boo go ahead I want to you know, mess with anybody also show calling and big within the loose some way bad pleads We're gonna lose him We're gonna lose the book shambi at a very young age this man. He has mushroomed up to Jaggy He makes alcohol stain look like it's about crane on a bed. They that's how big the booksters getting he's a monster sports casting industry and then a 45 we got the NCAA men's basketball championship game You can and Duke Could have been Michigan State because that's a real riot Power shoe behavior Power shoe I gone I Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know what you're saying? Don't you know why you're saying? You're saying shank in Getsville's mouth and you'reicism if you don't. You too, maggots, you're sick of that! You've made a strategy in the media! 12K Lights and that's it. and now. How far is 3550 W2A? I'm not telling you one thing where we are. We're going to make the last, the 17 minutes of this. No chance. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T World of Slam. And we had one call that about the difference between a baseball game yesterday between the pretty much anonymous around the world, Baltimore, orials, and some Cuban national baseball team. And a pub color up there, Rubin Elbo is another part of the Fidel, and we give one call about that. No. No. I'd like to know what the difference is. I do see a great difference. In fact, I'd like to know why the difference is a reaction. It goes back to that same bull crab that we were talking about before. Spinalists, cowardly. You know, when you've been totally brainwashed and you're not supposed to speak out against this corrupt institution talking about the cat-like church. The Pope can do any kind of dancing he wants. Oh, it's the Holy Father, the Holy Yes. Right there on a stage, okay? Rubin, each of these parts together. That was a blessed event. Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm all in for Neil. Speaking. Neil, this is a luncheon from Upstate, Glunge Falls, New York. Yes, sir. It's kind of like the cello and touch, touch, and basically wish you happy, pay us. And good luck. I love to listen to your program. Okay, thank you. I've got a bless you, sir. Another guy would love to say, I have a happy whatever, sir. Get out of here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What happened all of a sudden? I think it was Dr. Mark did put everybody in a coma. Good guy, but wow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60. On the AT&T, why was I going to go about 14 minutes to go? Can we make it? No. Can we do it? Here in the town of the walking dead. Here's a mobile in Perrine, hello. Yeah, I'm a little. Yes, sir. A couple things. One, I got a brother who's doing the hackens. Yeah. And he's dying to get something sweet. What do you recommend? What does that mean? He's dying to eat some sweet. Well, besides the cheese tankers or anything else is that you know, you were having a sweet tooth? No. No. Get ready to forget about eating something sweet. Okay, Tom, if you want to stay alive, forget about sweet. All right. No, there is. Just hold up a picture of Al Golstein. If you want to look like this, you're saying, just say, no, this sweet. No. Oh, my God. I've got something sweet for him. Okay. All right. Another thing was, you know, the baseball game yesterday. Yes. Minimum observation. Usually when you watch a Medioli baseball game, you always see the people in the stand and have an hot dog on the street. Right. If you notice, there was no one in the stand that was even holding anything up to their mouth. Well, I thought they were eating mutaconi and cheese. All right. Thank you, sir. Okay. Well, that's because it was all very well behaved. It's work, you know, when you deal with dictators, they know how to orchestrate it very nicely. You're about Al Golstein said, by the way. He said, Castro is a prince compared to full-hencio Batista. That's what he said. And a company made about all those, the halves, getting him, of course. All the people that had the money, they ran like hell because they know that their time was up. The jig was up so to speak. They were in, they were like potnors. You know, like highmen, Roth and Michael Corleone, they were potnors, partners in crime. Partners in a corrupt fascist dictatorship. That's what they were potnors in. That's why you have such a great deal of difficulty convincing people what freedom of speech and freedoms are really all about here because they never knew from it in the first place. 560, 560, Pomp 560, on the AT&T line, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good to you. How are you? Good to you. I'm listening. And. Oh, huh. Right. 560, Pomp 560, on the AT&T line, other asshole. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Uncle Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. We're going to the end of the session. We had a 3 hour and 15 minute show today. Now we're down to the dregs. Well, this is the call after the hockey deadline trades. I thought to show it while you're hockey insider like the written man that would have been calling you to give you all the updates. What happened then? Meaning an update to about what? Learning all the insights before the trade deadline that don't can be traded away and what's going on. There was no big thing as far as we were concerned here. It was all come ahead to the SPN on right here. There was nothing to do over the fourth. But that's not the only thing. I don't think I can remember. He just bought me dinner and paid for it on Saturday. Okay. So leave the remaining loan. 560, 05, this audience man. I'll tell you. They can't keep it up to you. This we need Viagron is down. We need a talk show Viagron for this audience to keep it up for four hours. I mean, three hours and 20 minutes today. It's an improvement over recent days. Here's another facts about Castro this and Castro that and yeah. They don't want to accept the fact that he's beloved by the people over there. He's got a very well brainwashed and they think they got a great and that's the way it works. Now what is this? Oh seven, seven, seven. We want to request Neil to a liner to help our listeners understand what the hell station they're listening to. I told him to fix that over. I'm going to treat all of you. If you just add something like this is Neil Rogers saying to all of you. This is Neil Rogers saying to all of you. Asso is listening to me in four miles and eight miles. That's what I'm talking about. This is Neil Rogers saying to all of you. Asso is listening to me in four miles and eight miles. That's what I'm talking about. And they're still cheap and they still suck and they don't pay the phone bill. And they still walk around looking like they just lumped in a dumpster all night. The beeslees. This is a real classy operation. They don't pay the phone bill. They don't pay the table bill. They don't pay George is a 200 bucks. That's the thing that really grinds my ass. I can understand you. They only win two million a meter. Okay. Times are tough. But when they owe people like eighty three dollars or like two hundred dollars a day. What is that? Here's a mobile in Hailea. Hello. Yes sir. Neil, how you doing? Okay. Hey. So let's do the same year they about the gay people. And I know you're saying about a couple of days ago. Yes. Can you tell me a profession that there's no gay in it? Because I don't know when you're. Um, radio salespeople. Radio salespeople. Including yourself. Am I my ass here? I'm talking about people going inside. Oh, then I gay. I never met one in my life. Real? I was over the weekend. I was trying to think about I wrecked my brain. I never thought a one gay sales guy. Oh, I was thinking hard on my god. I was thinking hard on my god. I was thinking hard on my god. I was thinking hard on my god. Yeah. Hard. No. I get hard at very much. Hey, does this be saw some reception? No. Yeah, I was seen it. No. Great. Man, I thought yes. I heard somebody in the show recommend me. I'm going to watch you right now as soon as I get out of here. Okay. Great. If it will make me hard, I'll go see it. Okay. I'll see you again.