16 WQAM Miami for Loderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is yes, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM busy read acquisitions or the busy broadcast group. Now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAF What a suck up job that one. All right guys, please please please please... These eyes, they're flying They're taking your air We got made These wings in my day We look like kids Here is the time I've heard These things I love But just feeling behind them I was standing Our agent says we got to stay We used to be in our cage I would be a friend I'm swear of your old girls Who think we're as cute as you'd be Yeah As they get older they all figured out We're hiding our late and see One thing is for sure We gave Man, let your eyes open Me, love Why shall I run the tent If you die, go Want to do a part That shouldn't be your fight Though, but today We think that we can better stay We can't be We can't be All right I swear we might That'll 356 You know what I'll say I'll tell you one thing Last caller there on the worst team What a suck up job that He sure had his tongue in places Where it's illegal in most of the soft food I'll tell you that like in Jimmy's Black thumb, wow What a suck up job is right Hey, you know Jimmy? He's an asshole That's it They don't make it complicated It's just simple as that By the way, anybody here speaking of that I don't want to get to graphic here real early in the morning But I'm here that spot for a dinner count And it's funny that we should have had that Of course we got everything We got spots for a product that haven't been invented yet Because that's what it's all about Just like business Right business, put it on there Right business I saw that spot on TV yesterday Coincidentally enough In fact, they had somebody sitting on the throne After we're after they showed the how great it was If you're like 30 pounds and more overweight There's a project that they can And they're only You know, it's really great you might lose some weight With it Or not as a case may be But you might have a few problems When I wanted to exactly say it's in You might have loose tools Frequent tools Marstool Postool And it's also an inability to control your stool That sounds like a good way to lose weight to me Yes, you don't have to worry about going out to restaurants Because you'll never leave the house For a Jenna Count So I just have to wonder about the FDA What kind of bloomed tiff these people are? Stuff that's good That works for people all over the rest of the world Can we get it approved here? Oh, no, they get, you know, because the drug companies can't make enough money from it But something like that that causes people to be That's what their brains up Maybe that's why you lose the weight You just went and doubt you crap it out With Jenna Count Is there anybody in the audience that would take a product like that Inability to control Those tools and inability to control us Because I tell you right now, and knowing sitting here for four hours If you take, there are a few things in the world worse Than having that feeling of impending Yeah, when it's just not convenient You know what I'm saying? There are times when it's convenient like in the morning You know what it's just, you know, when it's your regular time That means to do your thing, that's convenient When you're close to the personal and bus And it's convenient But the idea that you're going to have like loose tools Like constantly And sometimes the inability to control That's totally correct Kind of like freaks me out a little bit Anybody in this audience take it in his end account Come on out here Okay, we don't mind the sound effect in the back Even if you're sitting on the throne right now We don't mind Speaking of holy crap, I got to be honest with you Don't forget to oily discharge Oh, that's right That's like the oily bird Yeah, it's the The discharge Yeah, we forgot that Did somebody call to remind you of that? Thank you very much, okay? In fact, probably somebody is using a used-to-to have an oily discharge And right now, oh yeah, there we go Oh Jesus, look at that I wonder what's melt in here Wow, and we're advertising this stuff Oh yeah, oily discharge Loose tools and inability to control your tools You might lose some weight Isn't that great? Loose some weight And just crap your brains out Sounds very delightful to me What a way to go Who is this guy? Who is this guy? Who is this guy? He's the guy who called himself and he doesn't take it Okay I should've asked him, would he take it Because I know we would say No, he just wanted to make sure that we understand He tells it, but he ain't gonna take it That's the end of the camera Everybody's gotta make a living pal What's wrong with the end of the camera? I don't know I like it, I like it already Let's start taking it When I come back from vacation I'm gonna take it Seriously, you better get ready to fill in You'd love that music ready No, oh Jesus, there he goes again Well, he can't help but he's gotta lose some weight I can say do it No, it's not doing it because I can't do it I can't do it, I can't do it Sikon Terry, all this weight crap Like I said, just to give me some food Oh there, I gotta go to mommy, he's got a damn it No, I couldn't, if I ate one One bit right now, I'm just at that point Right on the edge I don't know from what, what on the edge Maybe from normal can't, maybe that's what it is I really don't know what they're going Because I had all this stuff I was gonna talk about today I'm not gonna do it I'm not gonna do it, I'm gonna spend my entire I'm just gonna do it for our monologue I might as well anyway The way things were yesterday Yesterday we discovered that there were little green men Just landed in Jupiter, not Jupiter, the planet But Jupiter in Florida And a guy calls up to tell me that he was there He was thinking about me this weekend because his wife made Big pasta You know, pal, I was thinking about you this morning I was on the throne, I was thinking about that call And it helped a lot too by the way, he would not visit a car I had little oily a problem there myself Or he discharged, but this is about that call Because you know that big pasta That's so little rick-correct Run through like an H-bomb Big pasta, oh I do like it Like heavy on the cheese Yeah, we have a little bit of a problem boys and girls In case you had noticed with our center one situation here In fact this year it's been a real serious pain in the old Rectom, like an oily discharge Now I think that's a good comparison I think that the center one, the whole involvement this year has been just like an oily discharge Maybe that's what we got to give the campaign An oily discharge Huh? I don't know what to do, I don't know what to scream Read a banana today And I called up my close personal friend Norma Kent Who's the one that got me involved with center one in the first place about four years ago when everything went out was? And we have see, I'm the one that's on a radio 23 years in this town of trying to build up And I know it's a very evil word in this station They have it's not in the vocabulary credibility Oh well don't you want to do this spot? No they suck, oh yeah, but if they want to pay us some money And that's pretty much with all sales people But here it's our specialty, here they've taken it to a new level As long as you're willing to put the pay out of money We'll put anything on here We're spot intensive, we're writing business Of course when you got a sales department they're on straight commission They don't care about your credibility All the care about writing business And Norma Kent, is he care about my credibility? No he's too busy going to their ad in heat gains He don't have time to worry about crap like this About whether anybody's getting their phone calls return They're getting their merchandise into them Or anybody can get a hold of anyone It's in fact it's so bad that even he this morning calls George We'll want to talk to me because I'm going to scream at him Cause George just before the show to tell him he can't get a ride Anybody that said I want to call him back But he's still trying to get to the bottom of this He can't get a hold of anybody there We went through the first part that you enjoyed so much With the you've bogus CDs The faulty CDs and the sad part of it is that specs has been great I apologize that's not just to the audience But especially to specs they've been wonderful And we've screwed that all up too Anyway to be continued How about just give me two or three Zenacans come on Huh? That I can get out of here for a few hours 10 past 10 at 5 60 WQM You know for sure that this broadcast may be reproduced without being expressed Written permission of WQAM B3's acquisition And I wish this all my god just suspended this thing that I was going to play here Lawrence Phillips got suspended How come we haven't heard from that guy? That's always called suck it up about Lawrence Phillips Running back and I can't read the facts Look at this fact I get it's all Shmootsi Real dark kind of like Lawrence Phillips Running back Lawrence Phillips is just peddling Friday from the by the 49ers Because something about conduct whatever I can't read it Oh Robert Robert who was especially that they say thanks for the keychain and the whole with Carol How do you even the facts is now a rip and Carol and center one? How do you like that? We've been to get a lot of calls. We don't have any calls on the board right now We've been to get a lot of calls because otherwise I'm going to say a lot of stuff I'm serious That's the choice either we get to fill up with a lot of calls about things like baked pasta Stuff like that There you go Or I'm going to say a lot of stuff that probably some people are going to get upset about which I don't care I don't care See this I know that you don't want to hear about this But I'm going to say it anyway this is just a place this this state not just this town this state Everything is shocked nobody gives a crap doctor is lawyers charities wherever you work nobody cares There's no per you can't complain about the professionalism in this day because there isn't any by the way I get my flu shot. Oh my homotes result yet. I get that. Oh What I'm going to do I'm going to start I'm going to find a doctor this next year during the end of your 2000s my goal And what I'm going to do is I'm going to go in the yellow pages and I'll start at a like a doctor hardvark And I'll just run down to doctor zebra. Yeah, I'll go from 80's and I'll try every one of them and if I'm still alive when I get done taking my Zenical Yeah, then fine, and if not who cares? Because who cares about a doctor when you did of course nobody knows what happens when you die. I'm sorry don't start on ed again Yeah, this is good. So we're going to few calls on here because otherwise I'm going to just rip them an ass over there at center one and rip normal can't who deserves to be ripped Who gets almost I rate with me on a phone and I call them in home this morning because you don't return my call last night because he's too busy It's a goddamn I mean he came it's some stupid basketball game with a bunch of seven puttals photos slam a jaman it out there and on the one it's on the ear here being made to look like a fool again See there I go. I'm saying these things already Here's a call in Naples hello home of the one of the beesleas yes sir Exactly knowing defensive center on I was one of the people who called previously and was a rip it up for nine You know, boys mailbox you know Your your My right yesterday yes exactly I'm worked I called got through left the message my call was returned in within a few hours How come my lawyer can't get hold the guy that's six ten or one on me in the first place three or four years ago that got me in the middle of this how come he can't get anybody to return his calls I don't know why that and I was like supposedly on the board the honorary board of a direct of what I would just think he can't get anybody to return his calls We had the golf tournament. We had the bogus CDs. We got the people that can't get a phone call back We got the people that send in their money weeks ago that are getting any merchandise But I'm in that it's a hell of a campaign this year nice go on Carol and all you others do and I go in Norma you put lacking piece of crap Well, they'll be as a herton, but my key channel be here Friday. All right. Okay. Enjoy it. So I guess on Yeah, so Georgian I have decided that in years to come we're just gonna go to business ourselves And we'll just sell it. We'll just sell a crap because most of the people don't care Back in the days when I was coming to the house. We were talking about this before when we were doing money for a Camille house because it's the homeless, you know, and And I at one time did care about the homeless all I'm a little less concerned about the now that I used to be But it's been embarrassing and disgrace that people are on the streets freezing that that although not too many free to that down here To let me know But it's in disgrace And we you know I got involved in this stuff because I thought I was doing something good call me nae Call me a schmuck, okay. I've been called a lot worse call me anything call me if you're Zenical I don't care what you call me I'm trying to do something positive, you know for the same effort Now we used to get hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of envelopes literally hundreds Mostly from old ladies because they had their mailing list, you know Camille house and They used to send a very willingly didn't want anything in return. No's got forbid they wouldn't want my cities They want nothing to do with me, but they would send us this stuff Here's a check for 10 for 100 do we get any such thing for center one? No, no, because you know, it's a AIDS They all see they help people with AIDS So right away, we'll be able to HIV is AIDS AIDS is fag and therefore it's kneeling there with a fag thing Which is not what it is, but nevertheless a lot of people assume that so therefore they don't want to be associated And those old ladies are not going to give a dime. They have nothing to do with it So you've already got like several strikes against you to begin with which is unfortunate But you're trying to do a good job, and it's like like everything else it's like this radio station You come and hope into a good job you get these gigantic numbers You bring an admitted dollars and they still throw every roadblock in your way and if it's just like the thing with our sales department But our sales department I get accounts businesses that I've been doing spots for for years that I love people that I use their product or I use our shop in their store Whatever it might be Our sales department finds more ways to dig around with these people and get them off the year and then they'll come of oh Okay, we got a substitute for them here, but I don't like them. Oh, well, we don't care because you know It's money we got we got this gigantic order. We got a big order. Yeah, but they're they suck. Yeah, but we got a big order. See This is a foreign word. This is a language that they can't it's like speaking in Sanskrit Like speaking in tongues As in women like that credibility It's just another way of you're making trouble mister We never encountered trouble maker. Let's see and and what I'll do respect or lack of respect for a lot of the other some of the other Bozos as the amereanist station that they never went through this before with them because they'll do anything Bring them a spot they'll endorse anything That's true. I know people like that right Rick Anything Places that are killing people. Hey give me a few bucks to talent feet. I'll do the spot I don't play that game I don't want go on here and promote something that I believe is a piece of crap But nobody cares Dr. I said doctors lawyers Sales holes and they just don't care here Now maybe it may be because I've been here for 25 years in Florida Maybe it's become that way everywhere in the country. I don't think so. I mean there's some of that But I think here will have elected leaders with the champions Just like in sexually transmitted diseases and a lot of other bad things or like the leaders in I don't care That should be the state model when you cross the border. This should be big billboard saying We don't care and you won't make us just like this audience. They don't care like yesterday We're finding little green men and then God damn Opalaka did they care no? What do they care about their wife made baked pasta over the weekend they were thinking about me? Yeah, they had a good BM over the weekend people without Jenna Cal and they were thinking about me while they were doing it Here's more lottery. Oh, hello Okay, you also used to get checks on all of your so-called coworkers from other stations and everything Well, we still got that all from other stations. Yeah, we don't get that wait Saturday one last year we got a lot of good checks from inside two wait Not for anybody else. You go off of sunny hers. You know get one for us Not in her shop. I'll be right in the check this I'm not a radio and all of them good guys remember that yeah You'll see to get birthday gifts from them also But anyway What's the point Lawrence Phillips decided he didn't want a practice? Yeah, yeah Then I got to put me in the pay. I don't feel like practicing so I'm okay So I'm buddy go hang out at the brick house good excellent That maybe that's why we haven't further heard from that asshole at all the craggy fart the things So wow, you know Lawrence Phillips is what he's the one is he doing that he's got a blow up dollar You coming back with the boss maybe Lawrence has got a lot of extra time to come back now We can hang out with that one right right Great day don't be picking on Jimmy he's an asshole that last guy to call the worst team Who's listening right now even though he'd pretend that he's not oh yeah He's listening to Waff and not that's right. He turned up to the end of the dial sports nerd Like those people crying about some stupid college football game I'm Tony man. I said yesterday. I'll say it a billion times The sports nerds they terrifying me the fact that there are people like this who get so with them about such silly crap Adults not children adults Getting so in sense than indignant and with the oh they lost the game got what are we gonna do goddamn it cuz it makes us feel bad about ourselves What are we gonna do about About some stupid goddamn college football With a team that doesn't really have any legitimate fan base in the first place A team a university that doesn't even have a real campus that doesn't that doesn't it the barely exists We go down there to specs on Saturday and had a decent turn on a mob scene, but it was pretty steady raised about 3200 bucks I don't think there was one student from you event. I mean, I didn't ask everybody there were a lot of young people But I have a feeling there wasn't one person who showed up there on Saturday and you event by the way is right across the street From specs on South-Xie Highway down there in the cables Do you think there was anybody there from UM? Oh no There's no such places University of Miami. It just barely exists It's a few it's a few scattered dorms of the island a few was scattered building. That's it And Mark Lite Stadium that that's University of and the big athletic complex which of course is the most important thing Cuz that's bringing in millions and millions of dollars and that's why you know they're all upset over there. I can like a bunch of children 560 pound 560 on the 18t line maybe we get that 877 line worked up today So I don't go in all this stuff that I'm just psychotic about Huh wasn't working too good yesterday. Boy, it was pretty deadly George was very unimpressed 877 785 Neil 877 785 6345 Here's Helen Dale. Hello Yes, you asked me to call him here. I am I have to call about what well the NFL is it this is the oh yeah go go to hell. Okay drop dead you will fart That's the Lawrence Phillips guy the NFL is a racist organization. That's why this scumbag got this is pended. Yeah Thanks for our thanks for responding so I'm not that desperate pal. I'll talk to myself Before I'll talk to a silly old asshole like you you should only croak a wicked horrendous early death like maybe before noon would be good Or maybe you just somebody should put some synthetic count in your lunch Okay, keep you busy probably with the first good be and you've had 25 years good out of your system Here's Virginia key. Hello Hey, I'm going to answer I didn't come and see you at specs. Yeah, and Where's that? Is yours from your van? Well, I'm in a long How that doesn't count? Yeah, I was in a lump from the marine school in which is not the main campus, but I guess it's the kind of the same thing Now, there where there were no you of them people are Well, you know it's funny when you were talking about you know other planets yesterday I went out in high school and I remember meeting a book by Almost when Carl's taking my camera the other author, but they discussed the term exo biology Is setting you know biology elsewhere and I thought that that was a really cool concept And I brought that up in science class and my science teacher lasted me and Why is it you for one because he's like what do you crazy? There's life elsewhere and And I you know, carried with wealth you know the fastest of space et cetera et cetera and the possibilities the fact that we don't have the technology to really What kind of an aerogen attitude is that the idea that there's no life elsewhere? What what's the purpose of the rest of the universe? I don't know much the religion To also take oh, I stretch it around human beings Yeah, but anyway I love the fact that you're bringing it up and I love the people should be curious. Yeah, well, you don't get a hint of crap people here I like care about his ball games. Yeah people here are all right They don't want to go to school. They don't want to learn they just want the time office school They don't want to become better people they just want the time to sit on their butts Yeah, nobody cares here. Is that am I wrong about that? I think I agree with you is the most indifferent Whether it's your doctor whether it's your lawyer whether it's the people you work around the people you work for Nobody cares they're just this is like floating your way through life. I would live it in Florida I agree with you and God bless you sir. Thank you. You have a good day and I'll pray for you 26 after 10 at 5 60 WQL Let's pray for our good buddy Jeff Cohen because after all the stuff that he's been involved in the last couple of years I have a feeling I know where he's going That run Yeah, well I'm a pop, but you just don't give a crack Kim Bocapper talks sports We can't write here I'm sports radio 5 60 QAM Oh god, Neil Oh vision in the army can do that is crappy With their content. Who's yacht Hot Position. British off oreler No I don't I轉 I'm tired of school, you said you're a thing The flutter's boring It's all the parking lots Early birds and those parts don't fucking me Didn't say really mean that I don't care I don't care Whatever happens to all the footings we do have Nobody is a trap Is it because of the old fight of that old It's the land of the drink dead So I prefer to dress my balls in shame I don't care I don't care I'm a man that's full You can come to this car I know, 10th and me either 1033-562 WCM so the nephew just comes in Meaning well by the way I want to put this in a wrong light He just comes in and says well what is the amount of start to those vanhits You know what the QM van goes out We start to peddle in a merchandise I don't Call me a bastard, call me a prick Call me whatever you like At this point until we get this resolved I'm just suspending any involvement I have with this thing Because I have no confidence that the people are getting their merchandise Other than when they go to specs and physically buy The CVs and the cassettes I know they're getting their crap I mean put your stuff and that's not that I want to pat myself on the back Or make myself sound like a Primadana But put yourself in this position You're a bust in your balls To try to raise money for charity To try to do something good I do I benefit from it Oh no No, no, zero like I said yesterday We don't get one word in the newspaper Anybody else not I'm not I'm mentioning not a whisper Not even the T-Romit Westlight and Highly is anybody say Hey, you know where he's a lot of money for whoever you know nothing So it's got it It's not a self-serving kind of a thing You try to do something good and that's what you get for it Is that's in spirit? That's what you get We're trying to do something for it Well, I will call you when we feel like it Maybe we'll get around with That's my response You need it there you go another one for note now no extra charge I'm getting good of it I like to I like the sound of that that good Mmm, that's lovely I'll just have some Zeneca Mmm, wow Oily too All you old farts out there that love the oily bread there you go Just pops some Zeneca in your post Somebody faxed me this this is cute This is one of those things where you're right to the newspaper for the Thick Mr. Fix it whatever your problem is I'm June 4th I asked Neo Rogers of Rogers cabinet and home improvements in Miami shores to look at my back door The glass louvers needed repair He came as your in order to new louvers in the frame to hold them I paid $120 which included new part installation Since early August I've called them up messages, but to this date nothing's been done Please, what you can see what you can do more eastward and haven't you? Here's the answer from my guess is the hero to one of the one of our local ranks It took a while but the repair is done You just let her didn't mention that you were away from July and to log us so the lay wasn't entirely to be blamed on Rogers Neo God when we called him he returned our call the next day from Sarasota He explained part of the lay was due to him having been out of the country, but said he called you as soon as he returned Yeah, that sounds like me out of the country a lot So sorry about that Maurice, but I'll do the best I can and by the way, there's another 30 bucks for I was it didn't realize there was another 30 bucks for a security guard over the jealousy Yeah, 160 bucks now a start out whatever it is Go up the cash and cut the crap quick and clean it quick and clean it so much Nobody cares and I'm supposed to care what we've gone through the last three months with this thing I wouldn't wish I'm Hitler. I wouldn't wish it on Bob Lincoln. I mean, anybody On Todd's wreck. That's how traumatic it's been and you try to do a good thing you try to you know say hey Let's devote a little bit of time to raise some money for what we think is a good cause And Norma can't just can't do it. Take a meeting information and also act in sense this morning like well gee, I'll talk to you about yesterday And I'm saying don't you understand I have to go on here today and give people some answers People have already sent their money and people that have ordered merchandise people that would like to have these great little key chains or Or those funny CDs or cassette people many of whom don't even care where the money is going they're just you know they want to stuff they want to stuff Don't you get it they want to stuff. Yeah, they want to guide them stuff He did that on the phone you like that. I said quit stealing my material you asshole your professional fat cut the crap He just can't do it. He's living up to his name whatever it is Norma can't another guy who's like floating through life, you know Go to a goddamn heat game people should people are on death row for lesser offenses and go to a goddamn army heat game especially white people Here's for my or yellow. Hello, me. Yes, sir. So can I go back to yesterday's conversation about well your general conversation about the complexity of the universe and Outstupid the Bible isn't so forth. Yes, okay First of all, I think I understand your your view that you know, we basically just don't know right that's correct. Okay, and I go along with that Actually don't know and we don't know what difference does it make well it might make a difference and I guess here's the point. I make a difference in why well here's what here's the way I look at it Things are very complex and in our world and our universe and so forth I think you and I both agree that the Bible was a bunch of crap organized religion. Yeah, is a bunch of crap and so forth, but if you really study these things in depth You really I really think ultimately wisdom is really confusion and it was them. You will not you know if we can really attain such a thing, but I think the more that you learn about our surroundings the more confusing things really get and It kind of so in other words it's better to stay stupid. No, I'm not saying that at all It's better to get as confused as you can possibly. Oh, well, I'm making progress now. Well, but I'll I'm trying to say here and that's very what is it not very well No, you know, there might be a possibility that there is a God just really by looking at the complexity Well, what is that mean what does the word mean? What does the word God there have been there been thousands of gods also out of human history there have been thousands of gods all invented by the people who Who wanted to do whatever they want to do with them. We're on the same page with that one. Yeah I don't know what it is. Let me ask you this first of all to grow test thought the idea that there could be some creative force that consciously created all the stuff and the way that it is I mean that that's grow test, but he is so many that that's true. What does it mean? How does that affect our lives? No, I don't know what there is a mate. I don't know. I just don't know. Yeah, I don't know what I'm worried about. Why can't we just live life and make the best out of it and stop arguing about is he got a beard is he or she is it black is it purple Is it long is it short? What difference is a mate? Well, I'm not getting into those arguments because I don't believe any of that Well, so there you go. So why are you bringing the stuff? I mean what's the point? I mean I think the point is that you know the more that you get into it the more you study the earth the more you study the unipro- Well, that nature that is nature. It's got nothing to do with God and that nature that science. Well, it is science. Actually, I am a scientist. Right. The more you get into it the the belief that it could all be spontaneously generated is about as a Anabilist thought is that there is a God and like I said, what difference does it make you right. Thank you. Thank you. What effing difference could it possibly make? Oh, you don't believe it. You're dead. That's what difference it makes. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. Do we have anybody who does care out there do we have anything that is what it can we make you care about anything today. Can we get you off your dead ashes today? Just a couple days before I go on vacation. Can I get the audience off their ass today? You think? No, to send everybody's to very worst anything. But you notice the Lawrence Phillips asshole. Let oh far he calls in. Mr. I never met a criminal. I don't like he got a low put Jimmy. Yeah, the two of them. He's an asshole. Perfect match. I mean, why you do this to me? I'm a big guy. You're not run by a completely asshole way. I'm a really good a lady. There's a man in the guy. I'm a man in the guy. I'm a little crooked and I'm a man in the guy. I'm a man in the guy. Oh, there's a lot of people from one of clubs. We're a man in the guy. I'm a man in the guy. I'm a man in the guy. I'm a man in the guy. I'm a man in the guy. How many stories? Very quite a way. Thanks to us are called and brought this to my attention. Why did not you this story? This is right on the heels of these Egypt era crash. Where it looks like the copilot was having a religious experience called suicide and meeting Allah and God and Buddha and everybody else. And killed everybody else on board because well, you know, they were in the way. Pilot faces suspension for buzzing of homes. Guess what airline he works for or did work for or may you work for? Not a merkeh. Oh yeah. How do you like that? All right. They tone a beach and American Airlines pilot who buzzed his neighborhood in new model Boeing jetlars, February maybe suspended from flying. FAA investigators are recommending the captain Clifford Johnson's pilot's license. Business credit for six months. Siding him for violating minimum altitude restrictions and operating an aircraft in a careless or reckless manner. So it's to endanger the life or property of another corn FAA documents released yesterday Monday. Johnson 59 a pilot with American for 33 years was delivering the new model Boeing 777. Anybody flying a 777 yet by the way are they great. I haven't to be done one. He was delivering one to Miami from Dallas last February 16. On the way, he swooped down several times for his spruce Creek fly in neighbors who had gathered along the aviation communities private runaway to watch. People outside the neighborhood and others driving by thought the plane was crashing. The FAA controlled tower data to be turned on actually therefore received about a dozen complaint calls according to the FAA report that were numerous other aircraft nearby. The FAA investigation also determined to the release 21 people aboard mostly American Airlines employees in corporate guests. The fact that Johnson at past years of or resulted in another violation operating without a flight attendant. Who was serving the booze? I think it was self-serve. Probably the captain was serving the booze. Open mark. The Boeing 777 is 29 feet long has a 24 wingspan making a couple in size to a 747 in larger than a B-52 bomber. Johnson had logged three hours or less in the B-777 at the time of the flight over the congested area exponentially increasing the hazard of personnel and property on the ground so the report. At the time American fact Johnson who said the fly by had been cleared in advance. He said he didn't drop below 500 feet. Regular 500 feet. You could reach down a touch to God name and 10 if they had one. Regulations generally prohibitive flying below a hundred feet in popular area 1000 feet. Johnson declined an FAA investigators invitation respond to the findings. The attorney for Johnson is requested the conference with the FAA to discuss the proposed suspension. How do you like that? Well, we're going to be buzzing by putting up a new show here for an of course it was only American Airlines personnel on board. Maybe some of the ramparts. Wonderful. He had me hand grenades on board. 560. The pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Look at this. What a sad sorry. I just played this is again. Do we have a U of M student out there? No, anybody in the sun. It's got three or four lives. It calls on the board. See there is no university. That's another reason why I'm so grossed out nauseated by these people getting all psychotic about some stupid football game. They've lost four games this year already in total of five or six. What's the big deal is anybody really care. You got to hear these assholes call this radio station. He's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a football game which I did all of them, the basketball game, the hockey games which I never missed one, and it'd be like 90% of the people that were students and you want to know why? Because college sports like I've told you 70 trillion times, it's for the students, for the people who go there. Wow, not for adults, not for silly people who had no lives or what I'm called sports shows and make themselves sound like little children crying like our PD, carrying on like lunatics. It's an unexistent place you of them, it doesn't exist, it's a figment of your imagination. Seriously, let's take a drive down there right now. Let's pop a Zeneca and go down to you of them and drop a load. Anybody would even smell it. Well, seriously, if you took a dump in the middle of you of them campus, everybody smelled it, the answer is, No, no, because there's no, there is no campus, there are no students, there's nobody there. It doesn't exist. They have football players. All of them are true freshmen. No, I mean, I'm sorry, there are no tour. Well, how's that go? I get confused. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Mathscar, 11 Redneck and a pickup. Yes sir. Did you see this morning on the news they're having an ex-phosé on Channel 10, what happened to the money from the children's charities? No. And they flashed the golf tournament with OJ. Really? Yeah, well, what does that have to do with children's charities? Well, wasn't that one of your charities that they've perpetrated the fraud there at the station? No, it wasn't a fraud from the standpoint of the money that they were only promised money from a part of that from the asylum auction. They're getting $2500 from that. That part of it wasn't a fraud. Did they ever get any of it? I have no idea. I'm a fool. I don't know, because I can't communicate with anybody there, so I have no idea what they got. I've been listening to you for a while and I heard that they gave it to the dancers, the side and all of those from that. But they flashed at this morning when I was getting ready for the work. What is that golf tournament? If you have to do with children's charities and what they have, I don't understand. Well, wasn't that a, wasn't that a, when your charity isn't it, uh, center one? It's not a children's charity? Oh, okay. I thought it was, uh, what is center one contribute to? Center one has to do with people who are HIV positive, whether they're adults or children, whoever. Okay. Not if you haven't. We haven't understood the end. Maybe more or more. And he's in a fair year. Sure that it was our golf tournament they put on there. Oh, Joe, don't. Okay. Thanks. Nice. Nice. And like I said, here we go again. More embarrassment. It never stops. It never stops. I needed this. Like I needed big bloody losing hemorrhage. That's what I needed this whole thing for this year. With the bad CDs with a golf tournament that was at with OJ, with the, with the never ending bad publicity with our general manager, who's putting up a stupid mouth and saying, well, some of it went to OJ related expenses. The dumbest comment in the history of the human race. We took a vote on that around the building. They, and everybody was unanimous. People who can't agree on anything said, you're right. That's the dumbest comment ever made by a white man. That's what they said. Even as far as his agreed. Do we have any? Oh, we don't have any. Well, if they would have been here. Well, we got raw. He would have agreed. He said, how come he didn't get more? Oh, no, let's see. That's not possible. Oh, you have them a student? Yes, sir. New 11 and breathing student. You're the one. Yes, sir. Isn't that great to have a whole university? Oh, is there for your purposes? Yeah, why not? There is no U of M is there. Yeah, there is. Come on. Really? You're pulling my leg. No, I'm not. How many students are there? U of M, about 50? Uh, about 150. Yeah. I'll say that. I'll say that. I'll say that. I'm campus. Because most of the kids of U of M live off campus, right? Correct. They live at home with mommy and daddy. Right. Or they live by themselves. Oh, five themselves often as a student part of town, right? For the end, a lot of drugs. Exactly. No, but yeah, I mean, and I do, well, where are the U of M people, though? I mean, all the years that I've been on the year here with all my tremendous popularity and success, where are the U of M people? Uh, by Kutten Kaya. Yeah. What do you want me to say? I do not go to the games either. See there, there you go. Because I'm too busy studying. Nail. He's studying, getting laden to a drugs. A little bit more. I don't know about the drug. They're getting laden, that's done. Yeah. OK. Nice that. OK. I'll see you in the group. All right. On the outside of the track. Perfect. OK. So there's a call from U of M. There we go. Making some progress boys and girls. I have a call from U of M. Virginia. There is a U of M student, at least one. No, seriously. I've been on here for 100 years and we've ever heard from those people. We are from BCC. Oh, yeah. Yeah, we do. Everyone's in a while. FIU. Oh, yeah. FIU, man. Up the S. FIU. Perfect. That's their slogan. Huh? That's their slogan FIU. Reckton. Up the S. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I'm trying to keep the momentum of this going, because otherwise I'm going to say a lot of crap. Which I don't want to say about Kero, about Norma Cant, about that hole, this whole business. It's unacceptable. It is unacceptable. And I'm writing the middle of it. Look at like a jackass. Look at like a fool. And like I said, maybe it's a blessing that nobody cares. Because nobody seems to care about this either. Like I'd go up German. I mentioned this last week one day. We had a meal. Half of those people got all bent out of shape, including the guy from Logo Mark for like a day or two. And then it's like back to you. We don't care. We don't give a crap. We got money to make. We got the crap to do. We don't care about that stuff. So stop Keren. So God damn much. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Neil. I don't know why I'm getting all, there's nobody here now. You do realize that they're all wrong for the holidays. You know, did you have a pleasant drive to work? Because I was a breeze. There's nobody out there. They're all gone. What do I scream in a propulsion bar? I think starting this week. They're all gone for the holidays. Thanksgiving is one of those holidays when people go away. They go have a turkey with you know, in a civilized place. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got his number that asshole, by the way. Let's give it out on the ear. Anybody want to discuss Lawrence Phillips with this old asshole and hell of a bill? Well, give me his number a second and you can keep him busy. OK? No, we're not interested in discussing God damn freaking Lawrence Phillips. OK, you're more on you asshole. You idiot. You simple that you jack as you disgusting old fart. We're not interested. You got it? No. I didn't think so. What's his phone number? This craggy old disgusting piece of smegma. Don't got it? Take it. No. Wonder why? How strange. God, what a sorry, sorry. Let's be sunny Rosenberg's boyfriend. I don't know. Probably. Wonder who's on top. Four minutes before 11 at 5, 60, WCOM. Jim Manditch, cost four. Right. Right. It's New and it's that Burger Team. Godfather truly reacted figures. They're fun for the whole family. Collect all 10 mob action figures with each whopper fries and super-loj's drink. And that a super large drink, no exception. Get sunny in a favorite garbage canter so you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out sunny sister or get the bullet brittle body of sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth. Wow. Isn't that great? And press all your friends with the Don himself. I'm making an offer. He can't refuse. So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures. Remember, it's only business. And it's at 3rd or 10. It's a lot of 550 WCOM. Speaking of monkey business here, one of our listeners comes up with a very sick and twisted and delightful page. A very jackass where they striped outfit on as in convicted. It's his very jackass arrested after posing as a real sports reporter. And it's, uh, look at all the time that guys spend putting this together. Very creative, very amusing. My favorite part of it is the quote from very Jackson saying, with my luck, I'll probably have my 15 minutes of fame during the hour when everybody sets their clocks ahead. Yeah. That's very for you. What ever happened with him? You think they got him with a butterfly in that Jesus Christ. All of us that we stopped here and from him. Thank God. Crank calling a reporter from the Harold Crank calling me show 15 hours a day. Only in my any five six, seven, oh five, 60, pop see the guy that called before from Fort Myers. Who claims, oh, he don't believe the Bible is a bunch of crap. He doesn't believe in this and that. And who was trying to make his God case, you know, he reminds me of, it's like if you go home, this afternoon and you're walking the door, there's nobody else in house and you're walking the bedroom and here's this beautiful young 20 year old. Whatever it is that turns you on. Okay, lying there's dark naked with the arms I like to come and, you know, let's booty. And you say, she, I wonder how this person got here. I wonder what their name is. Where are they from? What's this all about? And you spend the rest of the afternoon asking questions. You're on the same. In other words, we're here right now. Let's write the best of it, pal. Right? That's when he would do. No, it's a trick. Don't do it. Yeah, that's right. It must be your God didn't set up. It's a trick. That's right. Well, not a trick. Not that kind of a trick. Yeah. Cut. Just do it. Just go out there and live your life. Have a good time. Make the best of it. Be a human. Get a life. Oh, no, but you know, you look around and you examine these things and you think about it. Then you, well, you don't have a lot of time on your hands of it, and you know, I don't care. I don't give a crap. It is of absolutely no interest to me. None. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. That's our poll question today. What are we going to do about this God damn center one campaign? That's our poll question. And what are we going to do about this God damn normal camp? Here's for a lot of deal, hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Yes, sir. I went to University of Florida undergrad. And now go to UM for law school. I'm so sorry. Well, I'm I'm I'm really not because I'm happy and ever went to UM for undergrad. It's not your I totally agree with you. It's not a fan of place. It's not a kind of real college. No one lives on campus or near campus. Right. The rich people live on brickle and then the poor people just live over the one they it's just not it's not a real school or people live under the overpass. Yeah, it's just it's not like Gainesville and it's just that. I mean, I'm so happy and ever went there for undergrad because it's not a running for law school. I don't care. Yeah, I don't party as much as I used to it under. And they're talking about they want to build on their own stadium, the orange bull ain't good enough. They want to build on their own stadium. First of all, what's the point? Like I said before, the people that come to Mark Life Stadium for UM baseball, 95% of them are adults in their families. There are no students to go there. Listen, I went to one game. I spent my second year. I've been the one game went to the Penn State game. Right. Last year is only going to have been to and they have been to so fought because in Gainesville, they were students section, which is exactly one half side of the stadium. And Miami is like a quarter, like in the corner, one of the sides of the, it's like the 30 yard line, oh and the corner. Right. And it's not even full of all students. Half of the people don't even go to the kids that go there. Half I'm going to go to UM, there's bugs. They're just together, they're going to football games. Right. And UM, if you do a little kid to move their parents, they're going or just students. And it's just a real college atmosphere. And I just think UM is a, it's not school. You go there, you go there with a son of real college experience. To miss. And you know what, it's for the what they charge you and all that other side, it's just I think it's a disgrace. And you. Yeah, keep going. Don't let me stop you now. The school, I just totally agree with you. Look, there's one of the rare times I totally agree with you. One of the rare times. Yeah, I agree with you and something is something that I don't agree with you. You said one of the rare times. Here's the liberal for me. Oh, I see. But I'll try to be a lot more conservative. Oh, I'm not concerned about you now. You're too liberal. I'm more fascist in my thinking. Well, impressive. Oh, impressive. Oh, right. It's not a real campus. That's all I want to do with you. OK, have a great life. Two liberal friends. All right, OK. In blue. 560, 50560, pound, five 60 on the AT&T line and the town were just nobody cares. I'd like to see somebody care here today. I'd like to see somebody address this center one thing with this campaign. I, you know, I mean, I realize like I said, most of the people who just want to stuff. I mean, I think that's a little bit of a little bit of a little stuff on here. Yeah, yeah, that's stuff. But there's got to be somebody that cares about this because this is scandalous. This is a disaster what's going on. And I'm caught right here in the middle of it. And even the person who got me caught in the middle of the couple years ago, even he's like, uh, we'll limit like that. He's going like that again. Again, I just heard him do it again. That's his response. Thanks, Norma. You jackass. And he's indignant like, oh, gee, what would you expect to, you know, what am I supposed to tell you right away, like within a month? Yeah, like how about writing a few goddamn letters? And let's see if the pony gets the letters back in time. So I can come on here here and say something intelligent. After I had a nervous breakdown and I think so I think that about that guy then got them, got them. I shouldn't have given a crap about that in the first place. Okay. If they want to bring Ted Bundy back and bring him to the golf tournament, I don't give a crap. Nobody else does. And you know something maybe it wasn't such a great idea that somebody from the charity was there getting their picture made, not just with the football players, but with OJ. You know what I'm saying? When you come right down to it, maybe that wasn't such a great idea. Right, screw in. Uh, right. God dammit. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Yes, sir. I care about. About the kind of one thing. Yeah. What do you really want to hear from my who care, so I call it, say, I care, but I just had a question. I didn't have to be going to show what are you not doing more appearances? No. Well, I wasn't going to schedule do any more anyway. Oh, really? You don't get a couple of them. Yeah. You do a lot of things. That's our sales department. They can't seem to find a shopping mall or someplace where there are thousands of people. Like we always have in the past. So that's them. But that's not the point. The point is there are a million ways that people can get the merchandise off the internet. They're phone number, but they're not returning anybody's calls and nobody can get a hold of them. And people are getting their stuff. And I'm sitting here in the middle of it and wasting a lot of time from this show, trying to do a phantom fundraiser for a place that isn't cooperating. That really blows. Exactly. I always look forward to going out to meet you every year and getting the CDs and everything. Right. I'm not going to happen this year. I'm going to come in. Yeah. All right. I'm going to see you in the phone booth, simmer. Thanks. Have a great day. Bye. I'll come by everybody's neighborhood just hang out for a while. Bring my key change. I'm going to be a little bit of a million little noises like that. Yeah. We'll see if any of you kids out there can do that as good as I can. But you can't. Maybe we should put that on the key chain. Yeah. Love the key chain, by the way. A great. Too bad they're not available anywhere from some of you that you can actually talk to. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I just built infrastructure. You know that, if you do a M.COM, we're all the latest dolphins information in your kids doing great prizes. Plan, beat the broadcast. 480560, WQA. Hey, deal. Fuck you. The way I move around when I go to. I go to my mobile booth. It's not going to. I'm going to see nice swing and swing. I'm going to move the mobile booth to make your place. No, we got a load and I'm all through the job. I got to do it. But this is a bit of a day, but it's all I need. So I can take my high in the United States. Oh. I don't have to push time in control when I move inside the side. That's the toilet bowls. I never have to spray it. It's not that old. It looks a little like just to zero. I wait for the lens. It's wait to the light. For the energy machine and I'll tell you why. Not only are you burning, calories, but you never let it in. A big red ring. That's why the track guy who has duty and turn side can have some fun. When they do it, it's about both movement number two. Hey, let me out. I'm going to the man, but. Come on. This. I got a hook of a shirt, but it's That's 600 open lines here today. Is this audience doing it? No, or what? They just don't care. Like I said, this is the one thing I love about this town. Every day they prove exactly what I'm saying is right. They don't care. And that's what I'm talking about. That's the problem of this state. Nobody gives a crap. You've got a bunch of people floating their way to a life, a plain golf and basket, you can let's write the of life. That's it. Here's Boko on that Florida line. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I mean, I'm visiting from New York. I'm sorry. The other day, I was listening to this stage and quite, quite by accident. And I heard that the funniest bit already that I ever heard. Yes, sir. Was the one with the entire restaurant by the beach? Yes. Would you please play a left-of-take that I'm breaking back to New York? No problem. If you've got it. Do you hear it? I loan from now about. No. That's an earthquake about 11.30. Oh, I love you. OK. And have a great time. Don't stay too long. You'll hate it. OK. OK. Oh, there's a guy from New York. OK. I want to take Thai Tony back with him. Thai Tony says he apologizes and even his Robert Steinbeck, his Schwarzer in the paper, and he says, time to forgive Thai Tony. Wow. How great of you. How wide of you. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, yeah. How gracious of you to forgive him. OK. Like we're going to make a big sentence about this. Just like Jesse Jackson got arrested yesterday. Ha! They were the canaryling oil. So they let his ass out. And I understand the rest of him's getting out today. He's a crap. Self-aggrandizing, grandstanding, exploiting, trouble-making, divisive piece of turd, the Reverend Jesse Jackson. Don't leave the Reverend now because it brings in all the income. That's right. That's where all the big bucks come from. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. See, the thing that really pisses me off is that even the people who are like calling you off the year, about they didn't get their thing, and even got to take it. They don't call me. They won't call them discuss this on the year. So it makes it sound like, well, I'm just, you know, there he goes again, looking for trouble. All the years that we've done this before, we've been looking for trouble. No, we just went out and raised as much money as we could. That's all. Usually, fairly painlessly. Usually. Here's a Hollywood, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. What's the topic today? Whatever you want, pal. What are you doing next, appearance? I'm not. Because last time you weren't from all seeing it up very much. Meaning what? You were just kind of sitting there in the outfit you had on. Yeah, and what would you like me to do for you? Sir, we're just going to do a dance. You have any during them or outfits? Yeah, I'm sure. Yeah, huh? 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. You're tremendously amusing, sir. And thanks for coming by, by the way. Thanks for coming by. You think he'd donate any? No, no. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, yellow. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I wanted to call about the last guy who was calling from a law school at UM and went to college in Gainville. Yes, sir. I did the opposite. I totally agree with him. I was Miami undergrad and then went to law school in Gainville. And he's right. There are two separate things. But I can kind of explain it. The difference is you got a small school in Miami and a very big city. And then Gainville's just your typical college down. So the problem with the university of Miami has is just that the result of the talent, the whole South Florida thing. Just, you know, it mutates over to the campus. Yeah. Yeah, why? Maybe that's a good point. Why should they be there any different for anybody else? Right. Well, I'm doing it. Don't keep it. Okay. In law. In that too, yeah. Well, I mean, because I spent my time at UM, it was fine. And I went to law school in Gainville. And I agree. I just say I agree with him. And that it's like it's just a different experience going to a smaller school in a big city. And it's not your typical college experience like people go to Michigan or Florida or any other traditional college down. Well, there's no campus. It's not just a question. It's not a college. There's no campus. It doesn't exist. And the people at the people at do go there aren't part of a university. Like when you go like I said, the Michigan State is the Spartan thing and you go to the bridge. Everything that you do basically is involved with the university. Whereas the people here, they're just going to a class and then it will back to wherever they are. It's just, it's just there. It's just a few buildings that are there. There's no university of Miami. Doesn't exist. I'm a great, well, I don't think it doesn't exist. I agree with you. And I'm a major college experience. It's coming along, not further than I was there 10 years ago. That's how it was then. Because now it's even better. It's still not a real good college experience. Okay, I'm glad you're having a good time. Okay, thanks. I'm also going to do something. No. 1600 open lines. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got all the real. We got some real winners here today, boy. How about the guy who's his wife is making me that big pasta? Yeah, that sounds pretty good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line, 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Neil. All over the country, we had one call from out of Florida on that today. No, not one. Not one. For tooth and nail, like I said, nobody gives a crap. Nobody's got anything to say. Nobody gives a crap. 14,000 green monsters just landed on God damn South Beach. From that new planet out there, six times the size of Jupiter. Does anybody care? No, no. There's you watching Jerry Springer. Here's Pomp and O.B. Chill out. Yes, sir. Listen to your show last week and I ordered the, what do you call it? A little, what do you want? Over the internet. Yes, sir. And loved it and got it. Got it. What had happened is I was listening to your comments. I was getting concerned that I wouldn't get it. But it was only about a week ago. Checked it and it came in yesterday. Right. So it came right in and it was great. So what's work that happened real good? So people are actually getting stuff. Oh, yeah. I ordered it last week. People are hearing from our people like it. He's stuff. And like I said, nobody will call me on a year. Except you and talk to me about this. And like I said, nobody cares. Well, that's why I called because I heard you're Ragon on everybody and it took less than a week to get. And the website looked great. No, on the website got nothing to do with center one. That's Eric. Well, but the website is work. That's how we ordered it. So it came to my business and it came right away. Okay. Thanks a million. There's a guy that cares enough to set his very best. And at least say something. Okay. He's got something. Look at this. Look at this. You know something. I'm going to take these last two. And that's it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, new. All the going. Okay, sir. I just, well, actually, I want to tell you that I care. And I got something to ask you up. I think like last week or the week before. I think you got on the air with the hammer. Yeah. You're talking about Vegas. And you mentioned to him. You knew some place where some strict clubs. And I thought you would get. So I got to call you on that. Gotta call me on one. Why would it go? I said joke. It was a joke. He was going to the buffalo. And I said Niagara Falls has got a bunch of great strip clubs. Because he said Niagara Falls has got a casino. I thought it was a joke. It was a joke. It was a good show. And addition to which you have to be straight to know where there are strip clubs. I know where there's a lot of strip clubs here in South Florida. Does that mean that I'm going going there? Well, he said good strip clubs. Yeah. So how do you know they're good? You're on the same? Let me say it again. It was a joke. And then just one other thing I want to say. In addition to which you've ever been to a bad strip club. Actually, what are the fans? You got your higher class. One of the new CD strip clubs. Oh, right. Well, maybe we'll find out. We'll take a pull of five. Which ones are the bad ones? Okay. Which ones have tempest storm? The 80 year old stripers. Yeah, that's a good topic. And you should do that. Okay. All right. One more thing. Also, wouldn't you say that more AZs in this world. Pe capture and I close to one related to these two August. Did23 accelerate that 90 percent? I believe this is just that. The fact that it's a royal campaign. But yeah, of course, it's just that. Right. Phil Netlake also recognized as well as these high-ranked homo communities. And then they looked like a start. We're going to the former Los Angeles problem. I was like in the 75 percent race, but these became soil- 마지막 of this race. No. What was the response for? This program? New como. New uniform 120 dollars. And I think it was the last. bellbuckles and said, God is with us. Okay. Then we're an atheist. You better go read a book, Pearl. Might do you some good. All right. The atheist are killing the people. There we go. Thank God. I finally learned something on a show. I know it would be rewarding to come in today. The atheist were the ones that are killing everybody. All right. Now I feel a lot better. Why the hell should we be left out? They're living with that big atheist in position. Yeah, that's right. Those big atheist crusades. FNA. That's what I have to say to you, sir. Get a brain. Go get read a God name book. Read some history. Oh, yeah. The Nazis. They were atheists. Yeah, right. And the Pope, he must have been an atheist too. Pope, Pius, they're good. But he pires the 12. He was also an atheist. Better read that book too. Why do you read it? Five, six, seven, five. See this? This is the thing. The atheist are bad. People that don't believe the religious bull crap. Or all bad were evil. Or the troublemakers. Not the good religious folks like in order to be more than Ireland. And in Indian Pakistan, in every God they impart to the world, in the Middle East. And a crazy God they impilithed just to dump the plain down, because you wouldn't have a meeting with all our somebody. Five, six, seven, five, six day. This is desperate today. Maybe it's getting worse by the minute. Like I said, there's nobody in town. What am I beating the dead horse here for today? Because that's what they pay me for. Beat it. Here's for it, Myers. Hello. Yes, sir. APS. West Coast APS. Irish. What's not killing people God damn it? I just bought someone a low-highly. Please, it's great. Not a one. Hey, I did want to touch bases on it. And I, you know, Jesus and God, that's great if you want to believe in it. But ultimately, this is my belief. It's inner truth. It's what you make up. You can trade in all that, but it's what you do with it. What is that mean? Well, it means that you in your own mind have to make up what you want, whether you want to be a good person, whether you want to do a good deed, and it has to do with moods and all that type of stuff. That's what God. Some of us are on bad mood and gloaten. Well, I mean, we're in an atheist. If you want to process something and say, you know, I got a bad burger from McDonald's and I'm going to talk to them. I'm going to talk to them. In all seriousness, his life really just complicated. No, it means that. Is it that difficult to know the basic right from wrong and do know the harm and just go about doing the best you can and live? Does it require all this introspection and hocus, pocus and all these. Right. What do we need this? And I didn't need Moses to tell me this. Exactly. And take two and call me in the morning. Okay. Take two of those tablets. Oh, Moses, you got those tablets. Right from God. Right from Yeshua. Right from Jehovah. But whatever hell is name was? 26 past 11 at 5. 50 WQN. Only one South Florida radio station has a hammer. And you're listening to it. A golfer week they happen to do sports radio 5. 60 QA. And they try. Hello, I'm Tommy from PyTommy saying for the best high food and the best service. As long as you're not black, come on down to PyTommy or South Beach. We know like black people. They don't keep well. Besides, white black people want to retouch food anyway. We're not have fried chicken on the menu. Oh, wait. I forget. We have a spare ribs. No, Ching, I can't. How does that work on the menu? It's a button. So, if you're not black, come on down to PyTommy. Come to think of it. No, Sam gave people. We're not like them either. Shoot it, tip-boots. But they talk too loud with funny news. They stop other customers. No, come back. So, no game, no black. And while we're at it, light people. You make reservation for 17. Don't show up at 820 and express your table. We give to somebody else already. Light them people always late. No black, no game, no light and tight tummy. And judge people. You stop figuring all of your bill. Who can't who have what? Take away the iron-goals. That are outside. Take 45 minutes to try to divide up bill. We ain't know what you hear. No Jew, no black, no fact, no cubit. And white people, you think you better than everybody else. Come play too much if we don't teach your art. You'll know come back. No white, no black, no Jew, no Latino, no game. Everybody else, for the best type food. Come on down to Ty-Tommy on the beach. Hurry before we have to close. Ah! I thought I put that on there. I took it back to New York. You know I'll be on the tape. It's 1132 at 5.16. By the way, thanks to all of you in New Yorkers up there in New York for sending us the People You Didn't Want. Thanks a lot. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. This is Jim from Miami. Yes, sir. I don't see why we don't just get Jesse Vinter to be the governor down here. So we can have a little bit of fun. Yeah. What do you mean? Yeah. And how are you going to do that? Oh, that's not going to be a great amount of money. Yeah. We need to go like that here so we can legalize prostitution and tax that. Yeah. And all the good things in life. You know what I mean? Right. I do know what you mean, yeah. And I really weed, yeah. Or maybe we should just start moving to Minnesota. How's that? Oh, no. We don't want to go down the court. It's a great down here. I mean, cool. Too many good people. Oh, there's living in the slow communist country anyway. They take all our rights away every day. Okay, pal. See you in the Minneapolis. Okay, let's see. Let's look to Jesse. Is he running down here? Oh, okay. Here's your guy that Jim here. Something going to say to him. Jim has something going to say. No. He's got a point. But he's gone from the little bit like that. Going like that. 560, 0.560, pound 560 on the 18th, he wireless line. Boy, it's amazing how things have changed down here. I mean, you know, you all know that. But years ago, like the summertime used to be great because all kids would be out of school. They were here from a lot of people who couldn't be. And then the last four or five years it's gotten worse and worse. And now like Thanksgiving, remember how you do every year on Thanksgiving? The special show made it all requested a day and played the rack and play all the good stuff. And that was the approach Thanksgiving. The town is sitting out like there's nobody here. Not that I'm complaining, by the way. That was a wonderful trip to work this morning. I mean, unbelievable. You will be your Thanksgiving, right? That's correct. You know, there's something to have never heard on Thanksgiving anymore. But now why to help with anybody with a brain be heard on Thanksgiving? Unless they absolutely had to. I'll say maybe they did their vacation just before Thanksgiving like to North Carolina. But. Now seriously, why would anybody be here on Thanksgiving? Why would anybody be here on New Year's? Why would anybody be here like then the fourth did you lie? Martin Luther Cohn birthday. Labor Day. Mayday. Mayday. So how about that American Airlines pilot baby? Oh, buzz. Aldrin. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Boiton V. Hello. Neil, last guy was about as dumb as the guy think in the 80s or killing everybody. Maybe we can match him up together. Maybe they have a good time. I mean, I think that's pretty much not going to be a day. I don't want that, don't you? What is it? It's pretty much opposite day to say something like that, don't you? Opposite day? Yeah, if you think of all the Catholic crusades and how many people are you? I think you've voted for it by religious people. Yeah, but I mean, I'm not going to pretend that the 80s, I mean, like the communist in China. They are slaughtered millions of people. Right. And the Russians, the, yeah, would have to be opposite. But the fact is that people kill each other. I mean, for a variety of reasons. And of course, in those cases, it had nothing to do with religion or lack of, it had to do with control with power. Right. Little ridiculous. Did you read the column? Do you read the Marylandson van in the paper? Do I read what? The Marylander was the van. The van. The van. The paper. Excuse me. Who is it? In the parade section. And I read. How do we parade? No, that's for old 80s. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. And. Well, she said an interesting thing about the big bang theory being asked to being not being taught in schools. She said the big bang theory is technically just as foolish to believe as religion. Yeah. So, here's. Because you're just being, let me ask you a question. Let me ask you this. Why do we have to teach any theories in the school? Well, I think people want to know where we all came from. Why? It's a primal urge to know who you came from. I mean, a kid wants to know. I'm like, no, but it's all made up. Oh, George, right. No, I see. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. You're going at you, die. I already know where I'm going. So, you're going to a box in the ground. I know that there is no doubt that we know that. You don't know that? No, absolutely. I'm saying you're not interested if you have a spirit or not. Most people are. A spirit? Yeah. Something that carries on after you don't know. What is that? What does that mean? Something that carries on after I die? How can, how can, what is this spirit? So, they're watching this Christmas movie so much with Alice, you're sim. Oh, I mean, millions of other people obviously because systematically throughout time, this is what religions are created for. Yeah, no, no. If you cause people are afraid of life, this. Yeah. I thought it was an interesting idea. I thought it was an interesting idea. I thought it was an interesting idea. I thought it was an interesting idea. Yeah. I thought it was an interesting article referring to that. Yeah. If you can anyone make a point with you, you're so dopey. Yeah, I'm dopey. Okay, thank you, sir. I'm dopey. I'm dopey. I'm sleepy today. Yeah, I'm sleepy. Yeah, I'm sleepy. Yeah, I'm sleepy. Yeah, I'm sleepy. Yeah, I'm sleepy. Yeah. I'm so dopey. Yeah, I don't think I may dope you today. The news will. He's giving me a song to dance about the spirit. I'm telling him, no, I don't know. It's a bunch of crap. And I'm dopey because I don't believe it's spirit. Because some bitch that's got a high IQ, wrote a pile of crap. First of all, if you're so smart, what do you mean parade magazine for Jackass? Like I said, it's like, we're leaders, digesters for little old ladies. Who are we, you know, the astrology crap in the gossip column, whatever is in there? Don't give a crap about the spirit. Don't you think you have a spirit? No. I do like that song, though. I got a line on you by spirit. Do we have that? Yeah. We got a guess for a lax, okay. I got it here somewhere. What's this, is that on? We know. Look. Well, I'll find it. I'm so glad he mentioned that too. I love that song. God. That's one of my all time favorite songs. What ever happened to them? Are they store-bound probably not? They're probably doing like, oh, and guess who told me, my friend Derek went to see Jay and Emerkin. So, his wife and family to see Jay Black and Emerkin. He said, he said, he came out 60 years old. Looks like a hundred. And he was really depressed because he saw him. And then he stays still. Not the same great voice. And he's got a kid 16. Who's got the same great voice. And they sang some songs together. And then he said, Frankie Valley came out and, Oh, my God. He said, you can't even believe. How grotesque can help a third of your voice. All right. Oh, God. I got your spirit on me here, Pat. I'm so glad I got it. Oh, my God. I got your spirit on me here, Pat. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'll tell you something. You'll let me know. Thank you. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Isn't that what the best fisherman's saying? I've got a lot of my new bait. Yeah. Oh, and why do you work on you? Never even saw my fly fishing calendar from George Corso who doesn't do anything. No. But let me my gone fishing fly fishing calendar for the new year for the Millennium. And that great. Yeah, because we had a big discussion about fly fishing because fly fishing that they had on the best fishing. I'm sorry. The best fishing term on Fox. It tied the breeders cup. The horse racing, you know, the big day to head a gust of the ratings tied. The breeders cup. Two point five, lots. Fast fishing on TV. And of course right away we got yeah. Yeah. And you've been on that. Oh, I've been on the size. Like when you go into a locker room. And by the way, don't forget Joe Rose says Jason Taylor is on like an Antelope. Whatever that means. Of course I never saw an Antelope. Twenty before or was it a candle? I think it's what he said. Twenty before noon at five, sixty wqa. Oh. Oh. Oh, Oh. You're so big. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah, blah, blah. Blah, blah, blah. You're a good man. Blah, blah, blah, blah. Why does this thing happen? The sea was buried there. I don't like the idea what I was about to see. They were speaking in tongues. I'd make the idea believe that it was kind of fun. I'd like to just take it out of the line. I'd like to hear the speaker's tongue. They got people reading them. I thought it was a way to decide the size. Oh, right. I don't like the idea. I don't like the idea. I don't like the idea. I don't like the idea. I don't like the idea. I don't like the idea. I don't like the idea. So this will now embrace me. I'd like that my tongue just would be. So this is our first or second. Whatever I do, it'll forgive me. Oh, now I speak in tongues. That they teach me as a reason. And they've had in tongues. They're in tongues. They're speaking in tongues. I don't really think we can do this with. I've been to all of the world. I walk aboard and I walk through spirituality and about the spirit. Yeah. Yeah. That guy was every asshole man. Real, real, major asshole. Now, what's wrong with you? It's so goofy today, so dopey. Scouts quietly start up gay troop in Toronto. In the United States, it's an issue that's royal the National Boy Scout convention divided churches led to numerous lawsuits, including one now before the Supreme Court should homosexuals be allowed to participate the Boy Scouts. But in Canada, the prospect of the first gay scout troop will soon have its first meeting here in Toronto has barely raised an eyebrow. In fact, according to a spokesman, Ash Potchman, the only reason that National Headquarters got involved was because they have inquiries from US media and the prospect that a fundamentalist preacher from Kansas would lead a protest Monday. You to mean Fred Phelps, do you? Oh, yeah. The only ones who actually showed up by the way were gay white supporters. There were no protestors. In Canada, we're secure enough in our own identities and lifestyles. We don't have to try to impose the mothers said immediately, golden lawyer with the League of Human Rights of Benade Writh of Canada. Neil Neville, a professor of political science at the University of Toronto, said, public opinion polls show that Canadians and Americans have similar levels of discomfort and disapproval about homosexuality. The difference he said is that on the one hand, Americans act on those impulses publicly and try to impose their beliefs on others. Canadians are more private about their views than inclined to take a live and let live out of tooth. Oh, oh, oh, yeah. Take a live and let live out of tooth. Splaw how strange. But I'm bitterly disappointed in George today. Can't believe you're responsive that guy about caring about the solar crap. But I care about the universe. Or we can control it and fly. Because I like a history, cosmic or otherwise. That's interesting. Let me ask you this. Are you ever going to know the answer? No. So what I didn't think you could do is my life. What? There is no point. Do you have time to waste? No. Curiosity killed the cat. Cat. Little time. I watched the discovery. I thought it was about a four hour period. I thought it was about a four hour period. Four hour time there. Four. Well, seriously, I guess I'm the only person in the world that doesn't care. Makes no difference to my life. Where did I come from? My mother's womb. In my womb, like Brian Wilson said, you know, that's it. Well, what difference does it make? If I came from little green creatures, if I came from algae from the sea, if I came from the Yenem as well, what difference does it make? Makes no difference. None. I don't care. You see, I'm an odd ball. I'm a wacko. I don't care. I don't care. We keep coming back to that again. That's the recurring theme. I don't give a crap. I just don't care. There is no spirit. Let me say it again when you're dog dies. Does it go to the doggy heaven? No. No. Step on a cockroach. Does it go into heaven? No. Is it going to purgatory? No. Oh, but man, you see. We're so intelligent. That's right. We hear these colors, of course. We're so intelligent that we reparate magazine. And we got a spirit that lives on forever. And that spirit is going to go somewhere. Of course, like I told you before, can't see anything. It can't be anything. It's got no senses. But other than that, it's going to be heaven. I have a good time. The concept of that is so it's for a little children. Yeah. Okay, Tommy, when you die, you're soul will go to heaven. You live happily ever after. Because for little children who you feel are too afraid of death, the concept is so grow test. That's what it is. Get over it. Get with the program. Stop making up stories. And this guy gets all better to shave. You're so goofy today. I'm just telling you the way I feel. Okay, what I know. You die, you go in a box, you go in a ground. Like they got to call the other day that kid about the water, Peyton, his hand was, yeah, his hand blocked the field roll. And his liver was not in good shape. Yeah, that's why he couldn't, that's why he couldn't block the other field roll. Because it took all the energy he had left the block the first one. So that's why they lost the game. I mean, when you got a bum liver like that, and cancer at the top of it all off, you just don't have a lot of energy to be able to block two field rolls in the same game. Especially when you're in a box in the ground. Yeah, the hand, like I said, do you have a kid like that movie with Michael Kane? What was the movie where he had the hand got shot off the hand? Well, that's a good name for it. Yeah. How about some filet of hand, like he didn't want to pass on it? Yeah, they're just a hand. It's not connected anybody, but it's just moving around and choking people and all these evil stuff. There's never a hand going out giving people a helping hand. So to speak. Huh? Never read a story like that because that's boring. There's always an evil hand. It's not connected to anything, but it's just going around doing gross things, killing people and doing bad crap. I mean, are there times in life when you like a helping hand? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing new? Great. Hey, that Tony commercial has a thing. That's all the change. I like that. Okay. I wanted to talk to you about the religious aspect. Did you read up on the development on the flight of the world? Yeah, I read up on it. Yeah, well, I mean, you are your opinion on it. Yes, I'm personally updated up to the moment. Yes. Okay, they come to the conclusion that the appol is perhaps maybe crash a plane in the car. The copilot. Right, the copilot. Okay. Now, all you're calling it by religion. Personally, I feel like religion is just a business. There's so many religions out there, so there's not even funny. And every religion says there's a right religion. How do you know? You know? Because somebody told you. Right. Yeah, you're born. You grew up in the church. That's right. From your parents. Because whatever yours is, better than everybody else is. Exactly. My point is that most religious people, or most of the things that I hear, people kill each other and they always say it's in the name of whoever they believe it. And so that's so messed up to me because everybody says you should be religious. You need to be religious. But you go and go and have a plan. It's a revolution and kill over 200 people. And that's a good religious statement. Yeah. I don't think much agree with that. Hey, maybe statement. There you go. I just wanted to share my thoughts with you. I hope this spirit burns in hell forever. I'm a great person. I hope this spirit burns, baby. I hope this spirit burns, baby. Like when the flowers bend. And that's what we call. That's what we call. And that's what you call. And that's what you call. Anyway, I love that steak house in Tampa, by the way, burns. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. See, I'm just mumbling here today because I'm your right to go on vacation and you people as usual are kind of like a limp. You know, not like firm, but limp. Yeah, if you're even those Florida shape like a penis, it's like a limp penis. You know, it's never erect. It's always like limp. Never ready for action. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Fort Myers is gone. Allow me five minutes on our dining. Hell, that in there. God, well, I hope that you're a spirit burns down there too. Along with that crazy Egyptian pilot. How do you like that, sir? Or whoever you were. That out of timeline is working. We're just waiting for all those chorus. Start coming in from the same Lewis and Detroit in New York and Chicago. Santa Barbara. 877-785. That's probably the same IIS, I've got internet service provider, the IISP. Can't get on the internet. I don't want to start doing on that. Do I want to start doing on that? I see like I said, I better take a lot of calls because I'll say a lot of stuff here today and people get very upset. I mean, real upset. Big talk. Because all we do here is write business. We don't care about things like that. Here's Coconut Grove. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, we love you. Showdown, you, man. Have my whole soul listen and do. I just want to make a comment on this religious thing. Yes, sir. Here's a thought for them. Sunday, 49 o'clock is the most segregated hour in America. Yeah. I want to know what they think about that. I'm out. Overnoted. He'd be out. Yeah, that's right. Because all the darkies are in one church and all the whiteies are in another church and never the twin chill meat that's with Mark said 560-560-560-810-T. Let's go. Let's get these phone smoking in us. And then second thought, forget it. Yeah, don't put yourself out. Not for me. Not for no dotting fool like me. Okay, they pay me what they call or not. I mean, it would be nice to see that. I mean, is there anybody else out there who doesn't care about these things? Am I the only one? Am I the only one? Am I the only one? God damn, he didn't bastard. Who doesn't not only doesn't believe? I don't care. I want to yell at from a mountain top. It is of no consequence. Where did we come from? Just like I said, like the little ant that crawls out of the ant hole. It looks around and like, oh, just slightly overwhelmed by all these things. And that's how the human race is. So we got to make a bunch of stories. We don't know. Let's just story on this uh... Aha! How do you like that? Georgie Porgy? I knew that the phone was screwed up again today. There's line 7 for you. Which I noticed has it rung. And I noticed that the ring over there. Again, we got a phone problem here. God damn it. Another God damn problem here today. Everyday on this radio show because this company and a phone people had built up. Can't get these sick and nine sick and line working right. You know what I'm saying? We just can't get it right. Do you hear me now? They can't hear me. God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 1. Why give them the number out for? Here's Bokeh. Hello. That's that more on again. I got a dial to it. I'm about 7. Did. Oh there you go. And it was stuck. Maybe you banged it. Maybe you banged it back to reality. And I was going. That's the big bang. Here. Nice going. You're going to go. God, good. Now I'm telling you was stuck. It was in limbo. Oh thank God. Now I feel better. And by the way, blow it out your ass hockey asshole. Hockey hole. Yeah, you're top of support. That's why you're listening. Everything I talk about is boring. Like the fact that we just found 6,000 yellow people. Not Chinese people. But yellow. Like, you know, canary yellow. Canary yellow. Yeah, like that shirt that's growing. Give me by the way. Were you wearing that? No. It's back there on display. Tinky. We're going to set it to the Smithsonian Institute. And it's got a little purple, sticky winky in the head spot. Yeah, I wonder if she ever did it with Tinky winky. Hey, Captain, no, it's a scorn. Oh, there's a hint of a past K-M. Wicked nice. Only on sports radio 5-6-8-U-A-M. I tell you, you're the one who's got a day out. Hey, guys. Have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend what's really on your mind? Like, when she asked, if he was dead, making the bed. Well, now you can't see it. You need to get it to make me the bed. Well, now you can. With the Mr. Haking Method Service. Hello. Howdy, home. I'm here that you're having a little wait problem. Excuse me? That's right. You've got more chance that a Chinese phone book. What the fuck are you talking about? With the Mr. Haking Method Service, you can get it all off your chest. And she'll never even know it to you. My gosh, you're not too sting. I can smell it all the way over here. You little motherfucker. Girl, tell you you piece of shit. If her ass is getting big, let her know. Call 1-800-Haking-1. It's a 12-1-5-16-W-10-Hank Goldberg show to a clock in the studio. Look, Shambha, even bigger than Hank, it's 6. And then we got the Panthers at Carolina 9-3 tonight. With the pregame. We don't have... So anyway, you had the call off the air. Always off the air, of course. They won't talk to me because I'm an nasty and political... ...to see yesterday. Oh. Call 101-3 days ago. Left a message. Just be trying to get a hold of this stuff. Anybody call them back? No. Has Norm called us? Norm, I can't call us today. Is Norm a call George Back? And be able to get us any contact with our friends? No. No. And I'm sitting down here trying to raise money for charity. Go on. Ah! Like that. So like I started to say, I guess I'm the only person on the face. 6 billion people plus and not applying like rabbits. And I'm the only one who doesn't care. Where did we come from? Who doesn't give a flying crap about... All of these things. How do you like that? Don't care. I'm never going to know. It is not possible for us to know. About things that happened billions of years ago. Like I said, the plane crashed over the weekend. And we can't go. We can have to go. Two straight days. We get two conflicting, obviously diametrically opposed stories in the newspaper on the front page. And the same newspapers. All the pilots were working together like buddies. And just amusing. You've buddy Egyptian buddies. Trying to solve a problem. And then yesterday we find out all of the one pilot took one out to take a week or a crack or whatever. And the other to the copilot said, oh, we're going to die. Yeah, whatever it was. Let's go see all of us. See how he's doing. And then the pilot comes back and what the F is going on in here about to be comfortable. And they're working across purposes is what it said. The day after it said they were working two straight days. Made you know his papers. And I'm supposed to find out what happened billions of years ago. How did we get here? In fact, you know something I think I'm going to spend the entire rest of my life. Agonizing, ringing my hands, studying, searching. To find out how did we get it. And then you know something that I'll croak and I'll be in a box in the ground and run out of time. And all the things that I could have done my life was alive. Oh, too late. Too late now. Or you could just watch Cosmos. Which you're good friend. He's a suit. Well, then we fit right into you. I like that guy said. Yeah, no, that was you. Said you're a suit. That's what I said. We. Here's the rail. Hello. Yes, sir. I haven't taken for taking my call. Thank you for making your calls. Okay. Um, I have to take it. Why do people say that on talk shows? Thank you for taking my call. Why do they? That's what we're getting paid to do. Well, don't thank anybody for taking your call. I appreciate you. Thank you for making your call. So far. You're welcome to. Uh, thank you. I happen to be a flat at 10. And then with the company that you really go like, which happened to be American ally. Yes, sir. Well, nobody likes American. Well, I don't. I don't. I don't. I didn't call you to the 10 American. You know, I didn't want to put that on your shoulders. Ha ha. Before I went from American, which is the last day of last year, I worked for one of the last years in United Airlines. And I was basically going on building and you had the same things there that you have on American here. Hand grenades. And, uh, absolutely. The thing is, like, that you see now, the reason of my call is to depend on what kind of experiences you have. That's the way you're going to react. And I didn't play the chartering, which, um, your famous coach, or the Miami Dolphins, was his then Jimmy Johnson, right? He's an asshole. Yeah, I know that. I know that. But I guess that, you know, because you, we did tell, like it is, I guess, probably like to hear like it was. Okay. Uh, coming back, I knew, tried that flight. I actually wasn't, I wasn't that flight. I didn't find the charter. But coming back from the West Coast, uh, Mr. Johnson, storm out of his seat and tried to go into the cabin and to the captain and tell him that he needed to learn it from a level. Of course, the captain couldn't do it. Didn't get the clearance because it was a bad weather in, I guess, what's I mean at that time. Right. And obviously he came out and he was drunk out of his neck. I guess, 25. Well, he went in the post, yeah. And about that he's Irish. And then, uh, well, it must be, but the case he's that, actually after that, he said he wasn't going to fire by the canowers anymore. You know, right? He still depends on the kind of experience he has to be. I think they still did the next week, they feel American and get anywhere. I guess so. I like your show because you really tell like it is right straight up. Well, one thing about me, I don't have my head up anybody's ass. Most of the people on this station got their head up to me's ass. I don't, I'll keep my head clean. That's one of the reasons I like you. And got a lot of use here. Okay. Thank you. I'll say how to all my friends at a mercenal. I will try. And tell them to keep the pins of the hand grenades. Okay. Okay. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Hi, and you. How you doing? I just want to first I went to a positive. That was a me that was on the phone waiting for five minutes. We got disconnected. That's okay. It's probably this crappy phone we got. There's a couple things I want to touch on. First with the Christians. They want to save abortion. So bad. But how many of them are out there adopting children? That's the one question. I like that. Poor kid. It's going to start to death in San Salvador because I tore up that world vision thing that they sent me to his picture. They were the answer to send money. I didn't send any money. But then the other thing is, you know, what we were a little we believe in Santa Claus and Easter Bunny and so on. Well, not as Santa Claus were adults. But that's exactly it. Right. Got a Santa Claus for adults. Exactly. Neo, you will be listening next week. Okay. See you. I wish I could say this in about this town, but I can't say that. I won't want to listen here next week. No. Come on. We got a couple of open lines here. If you want to participate. We got 60 or 70, 150 open lines. We're not doing too bad considering everybody's out of town. Except for that kind of reads parade magazines. Oh, you're so dopey today. You're so dopey today. Yeah. You keep reading parade magazine. You'll be pretty dopey too, pal. Nobody on the edge. In fact, if you go into a doctor's or a dentist office, you know, in a waiting room that have all those crappy magazines, once in a while they had like time or newsweek or something you might want to read. But usually it's those like, uh, uh, all those horrible old ladies magazines. A lot of readers discussed laying around. See, I'm beginning to wonder about this. Okay. Okay. I'm going to get paranoid about that line because it doesn't, there's something to be strange on that thing today. The out of town line is open 87785 Neil 87785. Here's a mobile of Hollywood, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I don't know if you've seen lately, I've had this gotten and suddenly lately. I've been up to three o'clock in the morning, but um, I've had the TV down the one I, I think it's on whammy. There's an infomercial with Charles and Hessson. Yeah. About the greatest Bible stories ever told. He now has books out, like four or five different books, um, about Bible stories and video tapes and reference to, uh, you know, basically with the Bible talks about, like, Holy is he can tell them. Yeah. Because he supposedly is the greatest storyteller with his voice and the fact that he put the portrayed Moses and the movie and all that. But he cracked me up because it's like a 30 minute infomercial and, um, they actually fit there and say, you know, the greatest storyteller of all time, Charles and Hessson and he's talking to the girl. Holy, like he can tell it. Yeah, only like he can tell him. And this guy is also, you know, I guess a Bible token rifle carrier because he, uh, Nick and the NRA also. Yeah. So it's just kind of funny when you see. He's the head of the, he's the main man. He's a high school. Uh, it's not like I just want to get one special request of possible, um, basically O.J. I killed Nicole and have a great day. Uh, five, six, seven, five, six, they pound five, six, the on the AT&T wireless line. Ten minutes passed. No, the two of them. We hear from Norma yet. No. Sir from Carol, who said that she's supposed to norm 20 minutes ago and he was supposed to call me and, uh, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. And you know something? They're both full of crap. How do you like that? They're both full of crap. Just answer those phone calls from those other people, Carol. Just get those people in their wing with days on end for their stuff for somebody to return to call. Get currout that voice mail. Get their show on a road, honey. Jesus Christler Motorsman, what are the zazs of this year? What an unbelievable, unmitigated, freaking disaster. People are trying to donate the jury. Wow, uh, maybe we'll get back to you someday when Carol gets their finger out of her. Yeah, I'm going to get on a phone. Hey, listen, I hope all you folks have a great time with wherever you go next year. Cause then you're going to be here. Trust me when I tell you, it isn't going to be on this kid's shoulders. I've done my best to do my duty. And I'm going to go take some of the set of call and disappear for a while. This is an offense football sports radio. 560's QAF. Freedom and say cheese. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 560's. 760's. 660's. Although 480's are up to the minimum. 660's. 580's. 560's. 640's. 580's. 560's. 560's. Look on top. Great. 580's. 560's. Carol's got her story in Norma Kenson visible and this one is doing. Like I said, have a great life. Good luck to you. I wish you nothing but the best of luck and leave you along. That's what I say to them. I'm not going to kill myself for Greg Reid. I'm not going to kill myself for screwing. I'm not going to kill myself for center one. Okay. You do the best that you can. That's all you can do is do the best that you can. So anyways, speaking of that, Danny Marino had a fender fender. We're getting calls about that. That's what they care about. Danny Marino had a fender fender and the worst part of it is. He a couple of people in the other car had neck injuries because then he wants to share his neck pain with them. What's the share? But the worst part is he spilled coffee on his lap. Danny will be the first quarterback in the history of the NFL to miss some games now because of a scalded penis. Oh, wow. How do you like that? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Carol, save it. Here's a call from a herndon of Virginia, hello. Hey, New. Yes, sir. Well, I get so much to talk to you. You've been on so many subjects. Yeah. First of all, I'm going on it. The fact that on that American Airlines plane that was buzzing daytones, you know, the news reports keep saying, he was also wrong for not having A flight attendant on the plane. On a triple seven, there should have been at least A flight attendant. Yeah. Regardless of how many passengers. Really? Yeah, you say you phone on that plane? No, I have not. I was asking how they are. Oh, man. It is like a dream. Because you would be in first class especially, right? Yes, I would. Yes, it is absolutely beautiful. I would. I would sluper's in the back. Yeah, it's got these huge wings in the real flexible. It just takes the bumps like a dream. It really is especially in first class. It's beautiful. Great. And American plasma? And you know, well, they have one now. I did with the first ones. Yeah, and Americans got one now. That's awesome. Big family. Yeah. Okay. This guy called about a asked Maryland, Maryland Vostabond, is Parade Magazine? Yeah, she's an autistic savont. Well, I gotta tell you. I get Parade Magazine in my newspaper in Washington Post. And I go, I go straight to her column because it is pretty neat in my opinion. And I know what that guy's talking about. I mean, in the article she says, you know, you can, well, it's up to you. It's just depends on you want to listen to. I don't want to get into that. And you know, you're going to pedal me the same side of the answer about the spirit and about, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, I'm just saying that her column is really neat. If you don't read anything else in Parade Magazine, her column is not. No, I, I, I will not read Parade Magazine. I'm sorry. Okay. Don't take it personally, but I mean, you know, whatever you like, whatever turns you on, I will not read Parade Magazine. And you know, speaking of searching. I don't even read the weekly reader anymore. Um, searching for life on other planets. Yeah. You know, everybody in, in the, in the, in the world can help in that. By, um, no, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, this is, um, Yeah, um, let me ask you this question. Do you listen to Art Bell? Oh, well, you know, I would, it must be a conspiracy because I can't get Art Bell in this area. And when I lived in Carl Springs, I couldn't get it because I couldn't get the signal, um, at night, uh, uh, I listen to it. I don't believe everything that they think. Yeah, but everything, what they say. I think it showed what's pretty interesting. Okay. Thank you. Good eye. Art Bill. Little green man are crawling around in your backyard right now. They're gonna be digging through the soil at any moment and then bathing your house. You better get under the car to the god damn best right now. Oh my god parade magazine and art bell. What can you say? And it was in our line that we're paying for by the way. Let's get rid of that thing. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18t line. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello. Yeah, I'm Neil Goodmorting. Good afternoon by now. Good evening, Tester. Hey, thanks for taking a look at calling. Thanks for making your call. I think people say that just in the morning. I hate when people say that. Well, get all I just spies when people say that. Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I'm fascinated and interested in the miracle of life. I just think it's amazing that we've all evolved to where we are. I mean, it's a wonderful thing. It'll get me wrong. It's not our religious fanatic. That's okay. That is absolutely nothing to do with the miracle of life. Right. That's my two cents. But what did you say? What did I miss? You didn't miss anything. I just respect life. I take care of it. Yeah. The idea you were concerned with where we came from? Yeah. I'm done when we came. We came from a piece of track. Yeah. We came from a piece of dot. I think that's what amazes me. And if I think evolution was an amazing to me. And then we can do with an old couch event with a giant of the dinosaur chip. Just leave it in the rain once and you'll be well. It goes to Sharia. Have a great day, pal. Very same. Okay. Yeah. No crap. How do you like that? We came from a piece of song. Isn't that what the call that that don't give us crap? I love that. It's my favorite. Is it nobody this? Here's my any, hello. You're thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making your call. And you're welcome when we came from and that's what it is. Right. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. All right. Oh, dear for that guy. We didn't have a whole lot to say. But thank God he said it. Now there's two of us as holes. Him and me, me and him. We don't care. We don't care. We don't care. How do you like that? We just don't care. You can't make us care. We're not interested. It's a waste of time. It doesn't cross my mind. It doesn't cross my mind. It's would be the greatest waste of a of a middle suck at a my time to be concerned about. Oh, where did mankind come from? Where did life start? What have a search? That's that primordial. And I got news for it. If you want to have a search to find the answer that don't start in Florida. Here's my amy, hello. And you'll do no from Reno's up for it. Let's go to a mobile and candle. Hello. Neil? Yes. I'm not in candle. I'm driving by the lake of fire right now. Thanks for taking my call by the way. Yes, sir. Yeah, on a damn thought show. Hey, I hope they ask you a question. I may have missed. But whatever you and I'll start talking about these idiots that make major misprints and publications that we just bring the hell out of them on the air. Is anyone ever called you and just said, you know, thanks. I'm really screwed up. You know, I'm terribly sorry about it. Is anyone ever done that? No. Never. Never. No. Never. Who the hell reads? No. Who reads crap like that on this? Come on on the fun page, don't wonder. And what to get out? We don't know. Probably very underpaid people, you know. More on. Yeah. How much does they, how much does they got to pay those people? Yeah. I need to look nobody cares anyway. Why should they care? That's that. You know, that's one of the kind of, and they're like us. As long as they got only advertising pages filled up, they don't care what kind of crap is on me other than that. Yeah, well, it's just window dressing. It makes me embarrassed sometimes when it comes down. It'll make the major misprint in friends call me and they would use you got people down there, King Spell, much of us know what they're going on. Anyway, out of material dude. Okay. Are you good? Are you been a thanks for making your call? In sync. Okay. Here's the fact that says, is a huge j-black fan. Oh, yeah, he's got a great voice. Even George would agree with that. He's not even said. Don't want to see it. He's great. It says, I couldn't agree more with your end use to look really good too. I mean, used to now he's 60 when your soul looks really bad. But that's, oh, see, that's part of the whole deal now. It's part of nature's evil plan. You little bit older you start getting, oh, nasty looking, wrinkled up and shrubble up. It kind of like you're dying, you know. But anyway, it says, I couldn't agree more with your friend's assessment of his performances. So does fantastic. Well, it gets me about Jay is that he has a filthy mouth. Oh, and magic still has him here. People blush in the crowd and lie, I laugh my ass off. He has in the past, you're up to about anal sex, blow jobs, hookers and farting. All right. I knew I liked Jay Black. This year he said, while on stage he was knocking on the program director's door when he heard Mindy laying under his desk giving him a home job. There you go. All right. How do you like that? PS Frecky Verley was terrible. The fact that he's about 75% deaf and then he was adjusting his hearing aid on stage. Probably. He just had some problem. And Derek told me about that. He said he kept trying to adjust the his little hearing device and he couldn't hear a goddamn thing. Here's a fact that says it may see, I guess I'm assuming that means seen. It may seem sacriotidious and presumptuous to reduce God to a few ordinary synapses. But modern neuroscience isn't shy about defining our most sacred notions. Love joy, altruism, pity. It's nothing more than static for our impressive regards to Librums, celebs, to Librums. Persing you're a person, you know who that is? No. I'm a general person. Persing goes that one step further. His work practically constitutes a grand unified theory of the otherworldly. All of the otherworldly, now we're talking. He believes cerebral fritzing is responsible for almost anything one might describe as paranormal aliens, heavenly apparitions, past life sensations, near-death experiences, awareness of the soul of you name it. Persing has tickled the tempo a little bit more than 900 people before me as concluded that different subjects labeled as ghostly perception with the names that their cultures have trained them to use. Elijah Jesus, the version Mary Mohammed, the sky, spirit. It's fritzing. My brain is fritzing right now. How does that sound when you brain fritz? Like that. Oh my god, my brain's fritzing again. Wow. Woo. I feel better now. Probably from that genocone. Even makes you brain fritz. Rhymes with, you know, fritzing. Yeah, surprise would, yeah, crap. 26 past noon at 5 am 60 up to your QAM. And beat that gator me. Ever wonder what happens to four skins once they've been sniffed? Well, what's the clipping is done? Those incredibly strong little helmet covers are sent to the four skin factory where they're made into some of today's most innovative products. Here for us. We have a wallet. And one that looks like an ordinary wallet just give it a quick rub and you have a briefcase. But that's not all. Just rub it a little while longer and you have a suitcase. Our amazing technology allows us to make many fine-forced skin products for every day use. Look at this watchband. A quick rub and you have a new belt. Finally, our most amazing new product is this new car. Yes, forced the technology has come this far. This new car fits for comfortably. But what if the in laws are coming to visit? Just a quick rub down with warm baby oil and you've got a full-size van for more information on our incredible forced skin products. Call 1-800-Cold Tip. Call within the next 10 minutes and receive a free pair of our one-size fits-all running shoes. Okay, thank you. 1231 is 5.60 over to QAM. We're going to be racing money next year for these cerebral fritching foundation. That's going to be our next year ready. Yeah, there's a lot of that going on evidently from what we're hearing. How's our belly doing, by the way? We're with like that. That's how he's doing. 560, 505, 60, pong, 5060 on the AT&T, where are those slime? We've got 73,000 open lines here an hour and a half to go. I think today's the day we lose it. Here's Naples, hello. Hello. Yes. How you doing? That was funny that guy's put about the dollar, the direct where we came from. I don't know what to think that much of it. I don't care if we came from AIDS or we were created. But I just still think, you know, especially us being over here and especially you and your great job, to just be great for us. But don't hang up. Yeah. Anyways, and I was thought, I forget what I was going to say. Okay, okay. Don't think. Oh. Okay. Like I said, we're just about got two calls left in the warden that's it. We've we've managed to first there's brains about as much as they can handle today. Oh yeah, I get to something that rhymes with the first one I think about it. 560, 505, 60, is there anybody alive out there? Is there anybody alive? Are there any living and breathing people here in South Florida? 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Fort Latterdale. Hello. I am Gameel. Yes, man. Thanks for taking my call. Don't don't say that, please. I get the Fritz why I hear that. Ooh, 10 B of your case 10 B of your Miami Harold. Yes. Gouts quietly start up gay truth and tell me already. You're already ready? You're dead. I've got to write here from me. Well, this is this is me like not listening. And also we're starting to find the story says the Canadians believe in live and let live. I'm like the Americans who want to push everything out of everybody else. Oh, you're in power. And hate for yes. And then also the, that's the Supreme Court taking on these football prayer. Yeah. I mean talk about it. If they can possibly, I don't know. I'm frightened. I'm frightened. Frightened about what? Well, but they're going to, you know, it's okay to pray to Jesus before football game. Yeah. No matter what they say, they're still going to find a way to do with anywhere. I can't do it. You could be a special in Texas. Are you kidding me? You can't take Jesus out of football. Oh, no. Then how they can score touchdown. Exactly. How do you I'm going to score? Right. All right. What are we going to do? Pray. Have a great day. Thank you. W to Q a n. What is this? Unconvenient. Is this the Piles? Is this the copilot? No. Okay. Yes, sir. How long did they take to a second? What is it? How long did they take? Yeah. W to Q a n. Unconvenient. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. A newsflash on that mario accident. Yeah. Now he's now he's doing McDonald's because they serve that cop. He's so hot. It was at a scolving temperature. He's got a scoled penis now. I can't play for rather rest of your right here. How just to cover the expenses? I mean, how can you put a cup on your, you know, run your cracks when you got a scoled penis. My heard even the pop-ups pinky never heard like that. All right. Yeah. Thanks for coming. Go by. Okay. I'll close you again. Yeah. He said the like pop-ups said it hurts 20 touches it. Five, six, seven, five, 60. Well, maybe how about stop touching a Danny. Okay. Stop touching it. Let it heal up a little bit. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a theory that might get a bunch of I don't think so. We don't have any of them anymore. Very much like Australia got inhabited because England took all their derelicts and killers and murderers and dumped them off there. Uh-huh. Well, we came in an arc and it was a spaceship. Somebody else getting rid of their rage and dropped us off here. That could be. And even in an executive, they witnessed somebody dropping off another load of right. I just kind of like what New York does with their sewage. You know, they take it somewhere else to get rid of it because it's too gross test for them. They don't want it. All right. Good point. Excellent, sir. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. How do you like that? We're we're some other planets craft that they threw out. Well, y'all. That's what it is. Possibility. Where star dust DB. No, we're some other planets. Threat. They tossed it out. You know, get rid of their garbage and it's just floated and the landed here on Earth. And then of course that that's soup. What's that soup? The primordial. The primordial. Oh, it's soup. Always know what you're going to take. Because that accounts. Yeah. Primordial. Oh, it's from here. Yeah. Right. All over the place. You're oozing all over. I'm oozing over here. Wow. Sounds plausible to me. I mean, a lot of people I better follow. I talked to them every day. Okay. Just checking. Here's a mobile and Fort Myers. Hello. Hey, Neil. It's the guy's found them. Yeah. I found God. Yes, sir. He's in Tampa, last year, city's God. Yeah. That's true. Oh, God. No, no. You're pouring, pal. You're pouring. All you people on the West Coast. You're so goddamn boring. 567. 0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. 877. Can we hear from anybody outside? Where do we get that one call? The guy in Virginia. The art bell guy. The nutty guy. Like I said, please don't call it line up. Big you. Cust a lot of money in the there. I mean, it's not a Florida thing. I want to apologize. Okay. The people around America are just as stupid as the people in Florida. It's an American thing. We just have a lot of dumb. How many times with this guy? Every time anything comes up along with the same thing. And it's not going to get on here this time. Okay. So same boring crap. Are you mad at God? Are you where? Are you afraid of God? Papa, papa, God damn you, sir. Give it a put a lid on it. Okay. You crazy old person you. This is the place where all the crazy old people go. It's called Florida. Oh God. Damn. Or just. Damn God. 567. 0560. Pound 560. I mean, what's the point? Just put it on a cassette tape, sir. Put it on our freaking tape. Maybe we can sell loads to the cerebral fritzing foundation. Here's homestead. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. How are you? Yes, sir. Yeah. I want to thank you for yesterday. This is Vito. Okay. Vito. Have a great life. 567. 0560. I see there's nobody in town. So basically we've got the drugs here as well. We've got the same handful of people today that we talked to yesterday. Jesus Christ, give it a rest, Vito. Okay. You know what I'm talking about? Because if you don't give it a rest, we're going to have to report you to the songs, co-year-olds. And then you're going to really be a source. Okay. So cut the crap, Vito. Here's four miles. Hello. Got a nail. Yes, sir. I think you rained or did something that guys parade. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of all these religious people. What about this copilot? Take into 160 people. Okay. Thank you. 21 before I wanted five before one. Jesus, cry. Are you kidding me? Oh wow. Woo. Dolphins, hurricanes, plus Sunday and money night football. Or football superstition is sport radio 560 QAM. It works the lotion in the basket. Oh, he was a man who stretches like a woman. Now we've got a 9 GB. All right. If he didn't do the thing, she said he's doing Friday at the top of the plane. Yeah. My back in the slip in the song. My back. Yeah. My back. My back. Just like he did no role. My back. My back. Yes, I am. I'm back to career. You retrieve. Mom's back. Mom's back. Mom's back. Mom's back. Mom's back sporting a new here we. Your back more. Yes. 16 to one is five 60 WKM. We're rolling along. Sick at a song. Fighting out that there's only two of us in the entire world that don't care. How did we get here? Probably in my car. Was that not another thing from Stan Wolfheim? Where is it? Take one. Stan, get a life. Get a life. 500 years I've been getting these big thick envelopes. I want to borrow some good in there. So like I said, stay and keep you up the street. Boy, he's old and make-old. Have you ever seen him? Here's a call from Bloomington at NDN. I know. Hi, Neil. Yes. I'm a former bully at Pimboirelia. All right. How are you doing? I'm doing great. Let me tell you. This we're talking about Bible Numbers and whatnot today and I'm sort of really really just nuts. I gotta tell you, I picked a great place to move. I don't know. Oh, Indiana. Oh, yeah. There's this one. I live in a college. This is a college town and there's this one sort of trope, this like family of loonies that appear on campus periodically in the space and they stand around, shouting about how you know, God hates lawyers and God will punish you for this and God will punish you for that. They are right about the first part. God does hate lawyers. I know that. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. I'll give it a watch. You'd be different from the rest of this. Okay. Okay. Anyhow, there. Yeah, I hate my roommate just like I'm about for me kidding. Anyhow, I'm wondering, you know, God is supposed to be the straight, you know, all powerful benevolent force that created the universe. You know, why does he have to punish everyone? Because he's an M. Guys, an S.N. Yeah, it's the problem. He just does up and I'm asking if he probably dresses up and leather and has a whip and change, you know. So a kinky, kinky man. There you go. Yeah, I mean, have a great life. Thank you very much, Nail. Then say how to all my friends in Indiana. I love you, Nail. See ya. I'm sorry. That was sorry. Sorry. Hey, listen, you got to send your bird. You're very, you're very best when you're talking to Indiana. How's very, very doing, by the way? How's Brandon Will to do? Anybody seen him lately? Oh, five, six, seven. What's that out of town number? Are you getting news? Maybe a little progress now. We had a call from Indiana. Indiana wants me 87, seven, seven, eight, five. See it. Look at that stuff. Look at a few people could just see this. So, well, this is only half of it. Oh, this envelope full of mong with clippings and a little notes in the side of the pages and the margins and this, bapa bapa. Come on, stand, hit a life. Go outside. Go plug those up, do some bass fishing. Go play golf. Go play with yourself. Do something stand. Besides wasting all the postage and all the time with his direct that you keep sending us. Stop. You got your chronic faxes, your chronic letterwriters. And then of course, here's a mobile in Boker, hello. I know. Yes, sir. Is everybody worried about where we came from? I think the end of the week. I went away at it. Yeah. I was going to hand out. Yeah. It's not. I mean, if both of these teams are on football, they start playing the guide. I mean, all of the things shouldn't have been in the school is time. That's great. That's another arm on the material. Okay, pal. Thank you. If God would spend a lot more time taking care of disease people and cripple people and desperate people and kids about to get shot in the school instead of worrying about stupid guy damn football games and p and scumbags like Reggie White, then we'd have something going here. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. F and a. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line 877-785-6345 for the entire universe from here all away to that new planet out there 800 times the size of Uranus 877-785-6345. What a come down from those exciting euphoric days of last week. It's probably because Robert ain't here anymore. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Okay. I guess he's right. It is the last time he's gone. Starts right out with the, with essay. Chuddy liked that. Before about the 10th word out of his mouth. That's age. So you can't say as age on a radio. No. Sure. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, new. Yes sir. Yeah, you do want to make you a spectrum Friday. Yes sir. I mean Saturday. Saturday. Whatever day it was. Yeah. So I was a little one talked to you about the numbers and then I was the one asked you if you're going to the North Korean race. Remember? Right. Anyways, um, I said no. No. Yeah. Anyway, anyway, um, I was like where we came from. I mean, who is, um, who really cares about you? Here now this is the best we could do and that's all you can do. We're here. Why do we have to raise the, I mean, you've got to short amount of time to live. Why waste any of it? Ask it about just stupid questions and gnashing your teeth. Over something that you know you're never going to find out anyway. Exactly. It's just best we can do right here and what happens happens and that's all we can do. There you go. Are then. Thanks. Take care. Pretty simple. I'll see people like things that are simple. Like DNA. They don't like that. They like complicated. They like a whole big rigour roll. A big son of dance. They love that because then they can waste a lot of time with that crap. 560, 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's their field beach. Hello. Hey, you're alright. Okay. All right. Yeah. As far as those were little just people and I work on the beach up here and I don't know if you know there's a lot of life going to be like Bible brothers. Really? Oh yeah. And I'll tell you, there's a pretty cheap tea and like, you know, we have like, you know, Christians, we got John's litmus. We got, you know, a couple different religions out here. And the only thing I always tell them, and they know I'm listening to you and they, oh, I hear listening to that. I'm saying, if they're like, oh, hey, you know, we can make more sense than any you guys put together. They're out there all listening. All the life cards listen to show. Oh yeah. They're in a closet. You know, you know what happens in everywhere. Yes. It feels good at four hours in my day and it's entertaining and not all that it's the truth. That's all. How do you meet that? And you know, you're saying they can Canada and that's well for our night. Right. And you're right. We rid of that live over there and our daughter lived down here and our plate. I go back home and when I come back, I'll make it up. Well, there was, there was, there was just one up there. I think I'd stay for other. Yeah, you and me both. Okay. I'll have a great day. See you around. Okay. Spare some change, Mr. No. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless wireless wireless, we continue with this program. Forget that guy named Art Bell. What is little purple men from outer space. Forget that little crap. This is the show that's going to find the eternal truth. Right? No. No. What a haircut that clearance got. Oh, I'm sorry. Wow. Look at that. Hey, here. You're right. He's trying to look like Greg now. Like a nerd. He's trying to look like Greg. All of all of y'all want to be in this building. They're looking to suck up. They're all getting haircut like Greg Reed now. Look at like real silly people. You know, they're kind of faggy, a ten in haircut like Luis Ed, for about a week until somebody said, that's a fag haircut. Oh, you got a change real fast. It's a fag haircut, okay? Bad. Go get a chop. Here's a mobile in Alamurada. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How do you get real all these jahos that keep coming out and you're going? What's a good solution for that? 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Port Charlotte. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Great. I just want to say gardening doesn't darn. Thank for me in my life. God damn it. And I was wondering, did you have to get that lady's address that work? You said she didn't care about the people get shot up at work? No, no, she came. She came. That's Adams, you know, Adam from the Rick and Sudshow. That's his new fiance. They came to spec Saturday. Okay. She's probably announced on the, I don't have time to care lady. I just wanted to say if I get her address, you know, she, uh, like me, God. You don't want to, you want to get her address. Okay. Okay. With all the respect of my friend, Adam, you don't want her address. That bitch. Well, I don't have time to care. No, she's too busy playing mama to Adam, I guess. Yeah, nursing and feeding them. Differing. 560, 0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. As we continue along, looking for intelligent life here. We've got important crabgle on, baby. We might just buy two o'clock today. Come up with all these answers to the questions that most of you are looking for that I quite frankly don't give a crap about. I'm worried about Jenna Cal and how come it makes you dead that oozing loose oily stools and lose control of your bowel and we're running spots for it on this radio station. Let me just tell you right now, there is nothing in the world that we wouldn't run a spot for on this station. Take it to the bank. There is nothing. If we can get away with it. Now, there were a little upset because that offshore gambling thing. The attorney general's office again, the state attorney general made him stop taking those spots and it lost a crap load of money and they're very upset about that. Do bad. Whatever it is, we don't care if it's a scam. If it's fraudulent, we don't care. Just give us the money. In fact, better than even running a spot, just give us the money period because it's too much work in the spots on here and plus Tommy's got that voice, you know. I mean, we love Tommy, but come on. Tommy. Get serious, we are. And by the way, close the pot the next time. Don't you love the way they put it. They blow a spot. It comes out all screwed up and they still run it. Hit us a good take. Yeah, we're not going to do it again. Are we? No, we got too many spots to go. We don't have to have to get it right. No. No. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, it's good. No. Yes, sir. I was just telling you, I got you keychain in the mail today. I want to do it with the internet and yeah. I'm really glad. I'm loving it. Yeah, it's great. Okay. Keep playing with that. I want to tell you that I'll see you at the Fitzbricking on Saturday. Okay. Are you going to be there? No, I'll be in the on vacation. You're going to wear any, huh? What is it? Well, okay. Just keep punching it, pal, on the button too. He's the dealing with it. Hey, everybody. Get these keychain. See now. I'm kind of like lost in between. See now. I'm in the middle of that deal again. I don't know. All these people are going to be complaining bitterly about the night getting their calls returned and the voice mail was filled up. And now we're getting all these other people are saying what we got our stuff. So what do I do now? The best you can. Exactly. There you go. Like we've given saying all day long. You just do the best you can. It's all you can do. Just like what is full. Look at that. I want to see once today. All nine lines went up. Just once, even line nine, four miles. You know, this form has been pretty good. I'm not saying the calls are great. But you're expecting it. It's been running a lot of stress. But seriously, but they didn't rowered suck. They just plain suck. Six more people I need. You're going to have to say anything. Just once today to make me feel like it was worth coming in today beside to go to check. I'm going to get just once. Look at that. No, don't answer it. Just I just want to see them flash. And the phone line too. There's another one. Thank you for making your call by the way. There's another one. Three to go. There's another one. There's another one. Oh, right. Here you go. Okay. Good. Bye. Look at that George. Look at the board. Look at that. And then make you feel good. No. Very christmas. I always love it. If you could see the green and the blue is it, how we need a little red in there. Getting kind of red. Seribal frizzing. I mean, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm spit in just thinking about cerebral frizzing. Yeah, that's what it sounds like. Every can be like a brain fart. Seribal frizzing is going on. Four minutes till one here at 5. 60 WQM only one hour to go today. Neil, we got tomorrow and it's one way out. Bye bye. Bye bye. See you guys. Maybe. Maybe not. They don't care. I'm old news. Man, I'm old hat. You know how that goes. So you heard. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Screw that. You think blackirding is just boys from full surface. Your eGLGALS it was a video. What problems do you have from time? One and a nine. Sun fair fishing.oduwell. You big guy You're back tonight. I'll snack your hand and prove that you're not in the way you live. Oh, screw it in. You get my bowl, your legs and straw. You care as everybody, too cold in here, no fear if it's wrong. You've got it, you want it? You just beat me to my side. You just beat me to my side. You know how to do that. You're all that big with those edges on your toes. 10560WC, I'm a big one to two hour. Are my good friend, my best friend, Pam over in La Belle. Send me a little clipping from the Fort Myers news press. Senator number 13, God forgave that couple say hard for Connecticut. When Norman and Melissa Cameron were accused of be falling on a $54,000 mortgage that they appealed to a higher power. Now they may have to appeal to a higher court. A judges rule against the Windsor couple who claim God had forgiven them their debts. Yeah, he forgave them. The federal National Mortgage Association of Fannie Mae filed a forperature. A foreclosure lawsuit against the Cameron's in an attempt to become at the $54,000 mortgage debt. It was our desire to be free from this mortgage debt that the couple said in July and responded lawsuit. Therefore, we as God are Heavenly Father and name of Jesus Christ. He hurt us any freedom from this mortgage bondage. Well, guess what, I got no bills anymore. Because while I was reading this, I just in the back and a reason of my mind, which of course God can read your mind. I said, I'm appealing to the Lord. Forgive me all my debts and he said, okay. There you go. All the bills are coming. Just like that. Those that really was such a cerebral fritz. Just tear them right up. My brain is on the fritz. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's casino stand. You're the thing in that 80 pound package. You send which I've seen this a million times already. The pulp and the fear where we already know that casino stand already read this. But thank you anyway. And he's got a highlighted low light. That's one of the low lights in history. Of course, it's commonplace if we read that book, the Vicar of Christ. Weights nag that for me. She's all here. You're both love that book. It's phenomenal. It's about 7,000 pages to your most killed some good time. Better than worry about where we came from. Here's a foremire. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. Did you notice that the Muslim guy on the plane that he decided he was going to crash and kill everybody took the time to have a little prayer before we killed everybody? Well, sure he wants to make sure all of you know gets the message. You know, I mean, are they going to go meet somebody you want to call me at a time when I know you're coming. It's right. Thanks for the good news. That's what they call it by the way. It's the good news. We want to spread the good news. Yeah, there you go. There's some good news for you. We're just about spreading this spread it and say cheese. 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T where some of them get about Danny Boy. Dan Marina would have called it penis. Wow. What do you think Jimmy's going to have to say about that Johnson huh? Man. Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello. Hey, don't be. Yes sir. Are you doing to that? Okay. Hey, Neil, forget all that up. This is easy or easy or Gilbert. I got something that's might knock your socks off. Okay. Well, let me put some on first. Okay. I'm out drive around and on the corner of no-bad drive. Yeah. And Davy wrote extension right in the way well. Okay. What you can take that 95 route one day on your way home. They're building one of these heft express places. And it works like well, this might be my godfather's detail and then. Oh my god. I swear to you. Oh my god. It's brand new. They're not complete. Oh my god. They're building the building. I know this is going to make your day. This is even more setting than steak and shake. I know. I just I figured I could just slide that in for you before you left today. So the baby will be on your vacation. You come back and might be the dumb quote me. But it looks like there may be a godfather's in there. Thanks. You may not roll me down. Yes sir. I'm glad I was able to show you that. And thanks for making your call. How would we who I came from? Okay. That's right. We're going to go and we're going to godfather's. That's the bad. We're going to land that one. Oh yeah. Didn't find it as good I could. Woo. God bless. And that'll give you this cerebral fridge too. Man. I love god podgers. Everything that we ever had good. The stuff that was really good here. It's gone. The studio restaurant. It's gone. Godfather's. It's gone. Well, it's fast food with the best onion rings that anybody ever had in your life. It's gone. Piccolo's on south beach. It's gone. The turf pub. It's gone. Neals on out in the road. It's gone. Ninety five percent of the good stuff that we add here. It's gone. Replace by illegal aliens. From the archbels show. Nobody talks about illegal aliens. 560 50 50 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Myers again. Hello. Uncle. Yes. Okay. Smoke it in Fort Myers. I'll tell you. Great things are happening over here. The Joe show is a good raise. Turkey's for the home of the next two days. And they're going to have bread these lean at dunk tank. So much of a dunk. I wish I wasn't going to be on vacation. I drive over special for that. I did the hundred dollars for balls. I have one question, please. Yes. You need to do MIA football and Southern Michigan. No. I did all of that college football and Albeam College football. Do you remember? I call you a Scott. No. I'm a college. I remember Alme College. I just remember the nickname. I remember Hope College. Remember that? Yes sir. I was born in Alme College. You A L M and Albeam Michigan sir. 1965, 1966 WMRR in Marshall, Michigan. I hit the big spots man. That's right. And Alme Scott, who went to play off for the first time in history. And by the way Marshall, Michigan, we had winch-woolers restaurant, which was great. Marshall, a beautiful place there. Yeah, small but it's nice. Nice talk and Marshall too. Thanks a lot, Pat. It's small but it's nice here. You want to see it? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. We got the out of town line. It seems to be the four Myers line now. I think it's over. Even Palm Beach is like falling way into the behind. Because fire Myers is on fire. Like the guy said. Now what he just said? Yeah, he said they're smoking it. And lucky to better every minute. I say free weed for everybody this weekend. But I say. So how is the normal by the way? How's normal? Hmm. I'm getting cerebral fritz just thinking about that piece of turd. It's a 960, what is it? Anybody have a heart or a liver? Yeah. I'm not close to town to be weird. I really think that I'm a type. She did not make the only love upon this piece of it. You know, my face. I'm open to the A-A-A. She's on the ball, got the chance to go. She's in fact, I'm just ready. I really had it. I'm just like, I had it. She's up to rock the bike. Rather than the funny I had. I know she's gonna get it all. She's gonna buy it. And I know she's gonna get it all. She's gonna buy it. Yes, she's gonna buy it. Just don't know. Right there's 115 at 5.50 WQM, Boca Brian just came in with the whole bunch of new goodies. And of course, if Scrank and everyone saw him, I can't Greg Reed have his own song, huh? And what's cut is it? And does it have any words in it that we have to do? Well, here's Evil Scoran. Is this like a new one or is it a remake of the other one? What does he say? I'm gonna can't hear him. Just don't play dirty heart. Okay, here's dirty heart. Call me Mr. Uplivia State. That I'm an idiot. And that I'm wealthy at management too. Yes. I've got the right attitude for it. When things go wrong, you know I just ignore it. And I write nice and easy and nice things. Be the greedy food and I've got more money than you. Call me reprimable. You are this sensible, a size of a relationship or two. I don't care what you say or two. I just turned the other cheek when the sales holes lie on me. And the number died down the coup. Go fuck, your station will not even be stopped. I'll spray big toilet me. I got the steps to my tailor by two. I'll pick up my brand new brook. Robert, two. Oh, Jack. That's a long number, two with six bullets. Number two because it can never catch screw in. It's picking a screw in. And the deterrents they are the cheek. Be the true ass don't you have about this good hit. Be the true ass don't you have a good hit. You stop out the boat that's on your ass. Welcome. So, how one gets into a way of your evil plan. You must become two what clap failed me. Whether for service to a fool between your new days. Be the true ass don't you have around with your head. Be the true ass don't you have a good hit. You have a job ready to make out to pass. If you are the true ass don't you have something to say to doc. Go ahead I'll send everyone you can I'll send. You accompany that've made me slowly breathe in through me We want more homeless people such as you przykład of kids children to help me I didn't feels those things. Okay, 119 team. Now she's got two songs. All right, let's hear it. Not everybody gets two for the price of one. Okay, we got about 45 the open lines here. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pomp 5 60 on the AT&T line in our Fort Myers line. 785 0 877 785 63 45 and we'd be paying for it. Here's Miramar, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Listen, you're talking about all those religious business and God. You know what? They use people for get that, especially if they have pathetic people who are willing to say, Oh, well, you know, it's just their belief, what harm does it do? Well, you know, they got millions of people getting money tax-free. It's a terrible way. Yeah, that's right, pyramids can. And then I respect Amway, at least they tell you what it is, you know. But the thing that happens is these beliefs affect us, you know, they say, oh, well, God will provide. I got this from God. I'm going to provide nothing. If things get screwed up, if we destroy the environment, all these things happen, nobody's going to come in from outside and help us. We're going to be screwed. Yeah, I'm going to ask ourself. He'll get those margins down here. Yeah, people wouldn't, you know, think on this out to you, all what is it heard? It hurts a lot. I can feel it. Well, I just wanted to mention that. I'm getting this cerebral fritz just to get about a right now. I certainly appreciate your efforts. Well, I'm working on it. And thanks for making your call. All right. And have it right there. 560, 50, 560, and by the way, those of you who don't call us, thanks for not making your call. Believe me. Here's Volca. Hello. Yes, sir. Do you think, as most state will cover, the 16 point favorites? Let's go to Davy. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, man. I'm with you, man. I really don't care how we got here. All I know is we're here. We're going to do this all for the 80th. Yeah. Well, here's another one. There's three of us now. Even George is worried about how we got here. Which I'm very embarrassed for him about that. Oh, man. Oh, this look out. No, worried. Yeah. He's, uh, concerned. He's interested. He's a little bit more relaxed. Now he's only curious. You said that. Not theory. I said he killed a scat. Man. But anyway, you were saying, sir. Right. These global monsters, they come with these Bible dumpers. Yeah. Oh, man. I mean, they're always preaching. And you know us when you go to any big city in New York, Boston. And you see people like in the downtown areas on street corners, you're with the Bible in their hand and all their literature. And they're screaming at me on it. They're always crazy people. They're talking about crazy people. Totally land, the Holy land. Holy rollers. There were thousands of views. The most brutal wars in human history. Right. All taken place. Well, I'm totally not kept telling those people to go kill each other. And he loved it. He enjoyed it. He was like, you know, you like, like, the Romans were throwing a questions in line. He wasn't Joe watching that, too. Yeah. Protecting this abortion. We got to protect the unborn, protect the unborn. Yeah. But once you're born, no, if you, you're on your own. That's right. If you, that's where they send the school. If you. Okay. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Thanks for making your call. If you call, how do you like that? You want to call now? No. No. Okay. Say, please, don't, don't, don't make a full lot of yourself. Don't call unless you, you got really something meaningful to say. You know what I mean? Do you believe that? No. We talked to anybody. That's why it's great. We talked to more rounds. We talked to geniuses. We talked to a lot of people in between. Some people got a cerebral fritz. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Oh, yeah. Pretty good. I decided to go. Thanks for making your call before. That's wonderful. Listen, I'm even Jupiter. Tell me about the Jupiter alien thing. The Jupiter alien? Yeah. The gray little green man landing in Jupiter. What was that? They're right next to Uranus. Oh, I know. Oh, I know. That new planet they discovered. It was in the paper yesterday. I talked about. And got no response on yesterday. Oh, God. There's times. It's six times the size of Jupiter. It's 859 trillion miles away from Earth. That's 152 light years away. And for the first time astronomers captured photographic evidence of a distant planet passing into a big star, which has proved that there are all kinds of solar systems out there, surfing around all the other stars or many of the other stars, just like the star. That's very interesting. So the fact that we got these billions and billions and maybe trillions of planets out there, I mean, the idea that there's no other life on these planets. Any of them is ludicrous, of course. Exactly. Well, anyway, I just wanted to see if there was anything going on with the truth with that and let you go to another bad call. Okay. I have a great day. Oh, I took it back. 560505050. We got the out of town line open if you're in Bangor main. If you're an instrument musician, if you're an epsilon, if you're in Marshall, Michigan, if you're in Rochester, and by the way, I do know where I'm from, Rochester. I know where I came from. Strong moral hospital in Rochester, New York. How do you know how to lie locks doing right now? How they doing at Cobb's Hill? Huh? How does it turn? The 12 corners there are underwaventable and written road. Right across from my school or bright elementary, right next to Don and Bob's. And what it used to be, see there's another one. Nothing's like it used to be. It's all of us old forests. We get like this. Oh, I like the book of Brian when all his old quiz shows. You know? This is all the rain no more John Charles daily. He's got them at the rain no more Dorothy Kill Gallons. Ah, you're right. Things used to be great. You know how they suck. That's what Brian said. That's why you're always the person when you're seen. He's always going, ah, things used to be great. But now they suck. They suck. Blow. So he's always saying. Here's a mobile in Port Charlotte. Hello. Anthony. Yes, sir. Over on the west coast. Can't get 7174 miles. Where's our craft? 560 clears a bell. You need in Port Charlotte. Another question for you. I got to get us 770s out of about six watts. I think. Yeah. Yeah. The worst. I got to conserve on Paul. Question for you. Was Shepherd coming back? Yeah. We think the odd man out. The odd man out of what? He just stands more, but he ain't going anywhere because they got to prove a point. Yeah. The spokesman's got to prove a point. Chris Wells is going to be there after long after Brian Murray's gone. That's what you think. They're going to put him on the same bus. What do you think? What are you going to be on the wing? Who's going to be on the wing with home? Who's going to be gone? Where go now? I just got through telling you. Chris Wells is going out. He's out. Okay. Have a good one. And back to you. He just doesn't get it. I mean, Chris Wells, you know, is playing a center. It doesn't make any difference. He's playing those sticks. Somebody else at center. Don't you understand? He doesn't understand. Maybe Ryan Johnson. I hope not that kid might become a good player. I don't know. I just don't know. Did I see the real point? He's now you got Rob Neeter, my rich center. Where you shepherd on the left wing? And you got Pablo Burianna right wing? I mean, does that make sense? No. But don't start with that hockey talk. That'll be v. N. 26 after one at five, 60, WQAM. 10 minutes, toss sports. I can't. I can't. What? 25, 60, K.M. You. You. You look who's back. Yeah. Look what's up, Doc. Bunch, bunny, and the whole gang is back. In a pool-length motion picture that the adults are sure to love. Be very, very quiet. I'm about to do me a wabba. Uh-huh. Just go to the need for a day, leave the kids home for this one. Bunch, bunny, stars and bugs, bodies, whiteness moments. Me. In a stinker. Coming soon enough either. You're you. I'm 31 at five, 60, WQAM. So anyway, it's funny I should play that right now. Speaking of rabbit penises. Because Joe Rosio, they always tell me about Jason Taylor being a hunna like a moose. He also mentioned that Jimmy Johnson is hunna like a rabbit. What have you meant by that? A rabbit's have like a little tiny teeny tiny, very, very red penises. Huh? Like a miniature pincher penis. 560, 05, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line. And the Florida line, the very quiet line, last couple of days. 877, 775, Neil. 877, 775, 6345. If I could just get God back into my life, we get a lot of calls from out of town. They're very pissed off about that. If I just spend more time thinking about where did I come from? Here's candle. Hello. New. Yes sir. When does he ask? And thanks for making your call. Did anybody tell you about today's action line in Miami, Harold? No. If you have a copy there? Yeah. No. I dropped him. Okay. I dropped Candid. In the action line. He got put it. Somebody spoke to Neil Rogers of A. That's where that came from. I already read that. Are you read that already? Isn't that amazing? It's so clear that you looked at the customers back door. Right. That was out of the country. That was me. You came in measures. I still want 150 bucks by the way. Thank you sir. There you go. There. They're scouring it man. They're looking for something exciting down here. Are they finding it? Oh. You want to know why? Because there's one word to describe sound 40. Do you know what that word is? He begins with a B. Wow. Ring. That's the word described this town. Oh wow. Man. Boring. In fact, if all those people that are swimming across the, you know, between here and Cuba, if they just knew how boring it was when they get here, they go back. Even as repressed as they are, it's so go back. At least it's exciting, you know, fighting the cockroaches and stuff down there like Kukaracha. 560, 750, 550, on the AT&T line. I want to call from someplace in the US right now. Not Florida. On at 9, 9, 9, or I'm leaving. At 2 o'clock. World line. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Where are you calling from sir? I'm calling from Fort Myers. Oh, I'm sorry. Crap. I'm sorry. That's okay. Don't be sorry. Thanks for making your call by the way. Because that we can clear this line after you and I get done. And we'll get a call from New York or somewhere. I've seen this bumper. Do you have to reveal mass? It's a big bang theory. God said it. And back. I don't know what he just said. I thought it said. Ryan would do something with it. That's what he said. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's that number now. You ready? You ready? No. 877. I bet you're going to get call from Rochester right now. From somebody who's got a cell phone at Don and Bob's. Who's having one of those great ground rounds with cheese right now. Hmm. 877-785-6345. Are you up to the challenge? No. Can you do it? No. Is that your final answer? No. 877-785-634. By the way, why are people talking about that show? Have you seen that show? That we just told them who wants to be a millionaire. House of Wads and all my ex. Yeah. Stop. Ah. Ehh. Oh, you already got beat me to it. George granted and the line too. And what a horrible show that is. What was that? That's your final answer. Oh, crank. Terrible show. W. W. Q. A. N. Hello. Yes sir. Where are you calling from? I'm close from Miami. From what? Miami. No chance. Get out of here. From Miami. I said I'm on here from somebody from a foreign country. 877-785-6345. W. Q. A. N. Hey. Yes sir. I'm calling from a Rosalindsorja. No. Yeah. Rosalind, Mexico. I'm not so a Georgia. In fact, that's where we're watching the name hangs out a lot. Art Bill and Rosalind, Mexico is still looking for the blindsauce. He wants it off their milk or phlegic. But you're not talking to the other day? No, I haven't called you in a while. Oh, right. Great. Oh, that was Athens, Georgia, somewhere like that. Some of the phlegic or police. Yes. Do you call it all over the place? No, not the last two days. This line's been pretty quiet. I'm trying to pick it up again. Yeah. Let you know. You've lived down there for 10 years. Move up to your six months ago and listen to your main internet. I work. Really had work? Yeah. All right. What kind of work do you do? I'm insurance. Like I said, I'm sure you got plenty of spare time. Yeah, you sent them great. Glad to be out of that place. Yeah. I bet it's pretty exciting up there in the Rosalind Georgia. Where's that near? Um, senior Atlanta? Yeah. North West of Atlanta. Yeah. No, not, it's nice. Are there some white people there though? Nothing but. Okay. Yeah. I'm going to say if you do close to Atlanta, it's certainly a little bit dark. So the South Side is somewhat, you stay. Oh, sorry. What's your cargo, Brad? Yeah. So we got the thrashers. Um, pretty rap. Talked them for a week. Talked them to him. Just not a good sports night. I got the choking braves. But you know, life is more than just a ballgame. That's what we say here. Yeah. It's a, yeah. Not a good place for your sports fans. Well, thanks for setting your very best, sir. And thank you for making your call. You're walking up. I have a great day. Okay. And a great life. There you go. Ross, well, Georgia. All right. You know what I could do it. I knew I could do it. God, damn it. Oh, I got a headache. I think I got my, uh, cranial, uh, fritz. Seriously, I got a, uh, wicked headache just from the energy. I had to go through just to make that line ring once. Well, I've put anybody's existence in the tough job. Squeezing blood out of a turn of getting some response out of these bastards. There is the question of the day. The question of the day. Do you care where mankind came from? Are you concerned about that? Is it of any interest to you whatsoever? Do you care? Yeah, or nay? Do you give a crap? I'm a QAn. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm calling from Ford unfortunately. Whereabouts? On each. Oh. I heard your, what was that? For that? What is that? That's the thing I said. It's a little, in my, in my, where help? It's okay. Hey. Where are all from? Yeah. What did you say? Where were all from? Yeah. Click. Okay. Thanks. Please inform each. What do you want? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I'm coffee, Chai. Yes, sure you are. Okay, what's the? That's okay, Brighton. Run to Quoi. Fair pay. I found out I got robbed of enrocious for two years. Why is that? Ten years, I got robbed. I used to go, had tickets to the Amherst. Yeah. To go every week, every game. I came down here, saw a pants again. Yeah. I'm pissed off because enrocious there. I never saw a peps squad. I never threw me a t-shirt. Right. I never heard Gary Glitter. Didn't I have a little big, I have a little blimp drop in a little sheet of paper for worthless games. I saw no blimp. Yeah. I just made it a social address for it. It was faster to do it than gaming. Hockey. Yeah, how you like that? Okay, thank you. Everybody's making our statement. Yeah, good bye. There you go, sir. And there's a guy from a real city, Rochester, New York, where the men are men and women and a God-beards, too. That's a great place, God damn it. The weather sucks, but it's a wonderful city. It's a clean city. A few too many sparks is down there on Joseph Avenue. But it's a great place. Can't go back, though, can you can't go back? No, every place I go back there on OK, Terrace, where I was born? I was born on OK, Terrace, but nevertheless, the first house, all black. All black. Go out there on Huntington Park where my rich relatives used to live, all black. Met amazing. No matter where you're from when you go back to your old neighborhood, all swatches are there now. No white people. I just heard a rumor by the way that there are three billion black people just in the United States. And I think that could be true. No, seriously, I just read that the other day and you were say, today on the front page, it said there's ten billion black people in the US. It's just that the census people don't like them, so they don't count them. I just went back to my old neighborhood in North Carolina and the same amount as before. None. None. None. I bet you're going back to Canada and they go in New York. There'd be the same as before. None. How do you like that? I might be a few nuns. I wonder if they have any child molesting priest up there in the fingerlicks. You think they might have one or two? I don't know. They probably do. Because somebody told me not too many years ago that they haven't a tough time recruiting new priest up there and upstate New York and like I told them they're running out of altar boys. Twenty-me-four, two at five, sixty-w-two, you win. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? All right. Touch a love bill Bradley. Yeah. Don't we need Bill Bradley. He's more than six feet tall. Played for basketball. Touch a love bill Bradley. Or it's not. Yeah, we need him Bradley. He's going to win the ring. People love him cause he isn't out of control. He's a good boy. Did I mention that? He is a downer boy. He played for the neck. He doesn't borrow sticks. Yeah, we love him cause he isn't out of control. Yeah, that's tough. Not out of control. Not out of control. Not out of control. Yeah, he's not out of control. I play it one time more. We love Bill a lot. Mostly cause he's not borrowing out of control. Well, don't you love Bill Bradley. Touch a love bill Bradley. Okay, bad hair cut, sir. It's 14. Two or five 60. All of that they all got the Greg weed. Look, that won't help. I don't want to believe me. You don't have to write equipment. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Where are we going here? We've got eight minute calls and so little time. Here's my email. Yeah, we're so up now. Yes, sir. Yeah, first of all. I'm on the one man kind of came from. But I know where we go. We continue to condemn young black people like that young guy. 11 year old kid and shot somebody. And now he's going to Jeff life. Yeah. Well, I don't know what's going on. It doesn't make sense to me, man. I mean, there's a year or so. Why not? And let me ask you the guy that he shot as he dead. Yes, he is. So what happens is it make how old is when somebody shoots you in your dead? How much come on? And let me ask you is this a racial issue now because he was black. I'm not saying it's a racial issue. Oh, when I'm saying it's a bit. Oh, I'm asking you. Was it a racial issue? I'm a thing so. Oh, okay. Thank God. Well, maybe to the white people is right now. It is not. I think I think civilized people. I think that if you killed somebody you're going to pay for it. Exactly. You should pay for it. I think so. So what do you think they should do like slap monorists? I don't think you slap a monorist. Think of what he's a lot. He should listen. You should pay. Okay, should pay for that. But I mean, the put 11 year old kid away from life. Man, you make them stop listening. You're happy to use it for six months or something. I mean, what are we supposed to do? And it's not rap music. It's funny how white people make them death. They create the biggest crimes in this United States world. And black people pay the price for it. If you want to do it. Oh, no. No. You just got to tell me it wasn't a racial thing. No, no, because you're trying to squeeze it out of me right now. And you're trying to squeeze what are you trying to do. You're trying to, you're trying to mix this relationship. No, I am not. Yes, you are. No, I am not. I'm asking you what kind of punishment you should get. I'm trying to tell you and you're not in your opinion. You're making jokes, you know. Why? I wasn't a joke. I mean, I'm just saying to you slap him on a wrist. You put him away for a long time. You put him away for a long time. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? But not 400 years. You're not a young man. Grow up and then. Well, my lady, let the young man grow up. What does that mean? The young man. He's 11 years old. He created that question. How about how about Lee, a poll, then, Lee? Remember that you ever read about that to perfect crime? Yes. Yeah. And they were young men. Did they let them live? No, they did not. Well, I'm not sure. How come nobody was running around saying, let the young man live? But that's not the answer. That's what I'm trying to say. How come this kid should be in exception? Why is he different? He's a little younger. But why is it different? When you kill somebody better than crap, you got to pay for it. So he should be a first guy to go. The first 11 year old kid to go away like that? Why not? There's got to be somebody's got to be the first one. He got 11 and he more is 13 now. You don't teach people to grow up to be civilizing and beings like that. That's what I'm trying to tell you. No, the personal justice doesn't exist to teach anybody anything. If it exists now and is because he's a punish people for something. Not to teach him anything. Okay, one of that. Obviously, not working is the deterrent. So you have to, you know, punish people. You're right, man. I agree. I don't think he's a free. I don't think he's a free. He's a free. That's right. He's a free. Well, but you're a citizen himself. Okay, thank you. God bless you. I'll pray for you. God bless you. Okay. 560560. What, no one knew you laughing about. He means he's a good guy. He just pissed off because this little, you know, this little. Show. He's going to jail for a long time. I mean, if he was white black. Who can you? I don't care what color he is. Let he pose the trigger like a guy said. He's dead. How about if those guys that, you know, the lynching and Texas, how about if the guys that would have been driving the truck would have been 12 or 13 years old. They stole the truck, you know, 13 year old kids can drive. How about if they would have, you know, that would have been that. Should we let him off? No. If we shouldn't let him off, Friday, or else anyway. Got to take responsibility for your actions. Let me say again, we talked about that yesterday. What is tobacco craft? And all he's got there. I'm phony, but only lawyers. So when everybody, this country has full of suits. Just like the cheap ones, Greg Rewards. And it was horrible on the beeslee's were. Suit, suit, suit, suit. Everybody's suing. Take responsibility for your own actions. You kill somebody. We're going to take. We're going to like, I really do it to you. Okay. Have some respect for life. And don't tell me, and 11 year old kid does know the difference between the killer and the blood and somebody's crap away and not. Please. And I'll pray for you. Here's pop at OB, Chilla. Yes, sir. Is this saying a Bible? Am I for nine? The Bible? Yeah. Are we back to that crowd? No, no, no, please. I'm with George. I think it says. I think it says. For us. For us. I don't care where we came from. Yeah. But I do find it interesting. No, I don't care where we came from. Yeah. But I do find it interesting. No, I do find it interesting. No, I do find it interesting. No, I do. What do you mean? You'll both say, no, it's not interesting. When you're running out of time, you'll say, I go, I go. Yeah. It's like the cost of the morning. The more complex it gets. What is it? The more you look, the more complex it gets. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's, I think it's interesting. Well, what's interesting? Well, just, I mean, the more you look at more, you see how it is all. Actually, let's listen to the sports nerds that call up to the station. I don't know about the Jimmy. This and Danny. That. I would agree with that. You don't think so? No. So, the other is you're more worried about the ball game. No, I couldn't hear it last time. Oh, is that what I just said? It's more interesting.