The O'Rodgers show, to talk to Neil, called 567-056-B. Tol, free, for David Broward, or Pound 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil, his guest callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM, easily read acquisitions or the PC broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers, unsports radio 560 QAM. Speaking of the dolphins, O'Rodgers talk to Yenfield Green. O'Rodgers. Now, Neil! 10 out to a five six UW-QAM. Do you realize that we have only 31 days, 30 days and 14 hours? Left? Before the end of the world, you realize that? Wow. Maybe that's the problem, maybe they're all at the ATM, maybe they're lined up, they're this overhead by the way, blows, but at any rate. Too low. It's lower than it just keeps changing every day. But then again, don't start yet. Wait, wait about two minutes before you start. So my morning hair starts on the fax machine and excuse me by the way, forgetting all excited about something that I've been in the effects me and 10 other people and nobody else. Starts with the fax from a Kathy and a little bit suspicious because this, I don't understand this deal. This was just like the other faxes we were getting yesterday from allegedly from the West Coast and this also has a West Coast, the Pacific Time thing on a full number. But then it shows a, from Katherine O'Brien and it's got a Broward number on here. What does that mean? And the thing up here has got a 760 area code, the phone number on the, I don't get it. But at any rate, Kathy says, and this is so typical, you know, what's in it for me? I wanted to call it yesterday, well, the morning the fax that everyone kept bringing up the old system of network affiliates that directly used to offer. You said that an network feed is an network feed no matter where it comes from. Did I say that? No, no, wasn't either the first one screaming and yelling about the local affiliates forcing us to watch their network feed? When the CBS and the Fox took it away, wasn't either the first one screaming and yelling about that. But there was nothing you could do about it, Kathy. And the new law that I was carrying out about yesterday that enables you to say goodbye to the cable, it doesn't have to do with that. Although it does have to do with that if you live in an area or you were using a phony address, that where you don't receive the local channels clearly. It does have to do with that because then it allows you to go back and get your eastern West feeds, etc. and so on. But that's not the main thrust of the new law. But Kathy says, I fired cable that the CBS has installed, bought a cheap roof and it took the local channels because that's all they're worth. But one time she wanted to watch the Rangers game and they had Rick Sanchez on Kaya Ocho and one time I was trying to watch Connie light and they had the, what's his name, really a Rodriguez screaming at the owner about the Coast Guard spray and the Cuban refugees and all other crap. That's right. I agree with you, Kathy. But that's not what this is all about. She says the new law means nothing to me. And I think that's what a lot of people just spoke to yesterday were trying to say if only they've been taught how to use their words. It means nothing to you. I've always heard yesterday was from people talking about two basically two things. Stealing cable, you know, the illegal cable boxes and illegal cards for the CBSS and they want to east and west of Fully. Does this law have anything to do with either one of those things? No, no. In addition to which by the way, now channel 900 does work. It is on there and it points out that New York and LA are operative and 901 will work on your direct TV. I don't have it. But 901 will work like as soon as it's available in Miami in your market. So it's imminent. It's almost any day. And I don't give a crap on anybody says I think it's a major boom. I think it's big. Is it in the papers today? Oh, there one word about it today? Oh, no. So let me be selfish. Kathy, okay. It does affect me and I do care about it. And I do want to say goodbye to the cable. And yes, I would like to get the east and west fees and all the other guy the infeeds of all the networks. But you know something if I can't get it and I can't get it. I'm not going to sit there. You know, screaming at the moon like some kind of a random dog. Like a lot of people in the audience were doing yesterday. If you can get it, get it. If you can't get it, you can't get it. And the signal is either. So there you go, Kathy. Thanks for starting off my day, which is already of course being in here. I mean, cut. Let me just do a little line check on here. Okay. Here we go. Here's line one. Time to open up the suspect to me. Here's line two. Okay. Oh, oh. Okay. What do you think that is? You don't think our phone line just grew up again, do you? Uh-huh. Let's do line three. Has that done? Hello? I got that line two again. Start. Okay. Okay. Well, we'll have to play it by ear. Okay. We'll have to get some line checkers on here to see if these phones are going to work. Because I told our program directed this morning. You might not hear in tears after I told them. But I told this morning at the phone, though, working in today, we're playing music today and every other day. Because this is where I'd rather line in the sand. Well, we went through here yesterday for the eight-minute time. You know, you could make a joke out of it. I can play all this. But after a while, it's not funny anymore. Part of the responsibility of this guy named company is to provide a studio that works, including a phone system that works. It's a guy named Talkshow, Greg. You have to have a phone system that works and they lie and they lie and they still want to. And they keep stalling them off and I take all four responsibilities. I should have told them months ago. Month ago. Then unless we got this guy named thing fixed, I'm going to sit here and play music. Well, I'll just call in sick every day for three or four months. Take off and hit for a civilized place to lead the side. They want to spend the money or the effort to put together a system that works. That's all. And yesterday, we not only had lines malfunctioning, but we had lines that wouldn't roll over. We got people faxing me desperately. They're frantically trying to call and they're getting fast busy. They're getting the business. They're getting this. They're getting the shaft. That's right. And that's what we do best, you're a QA. And it's give everybody the shaft. They're including the talents that are trying desperately to do a shoulder-bringing his money so they can pay the guy the bills out here. And maybe someday pay Scottie Mac so we can get this toilet out here in a hallway fixed up. And it's embarrassing. Do they have any shame at all? No. You ought to come in here. I wish we could give the whole audience a tour of the facilities here. Oh my god. You talk about a toilet. You wouldn't be on the floor here. That's how that's how dangerous I'm serious. You wouldn't be on the floor. You wouldn't be on the floor. If you went out here in a hallway and you would ditch, but if your bladder was about to burst, you'd find some way to hold it in. You'd go outside. In the back yard and squat with the water not see outside in the parking lot. And do your business out there before you would pee on the floor and hear just for fear that you might expose your privates to the adjerms and the festering the swillets out there in a hallway. We got stuff hanging from the ceiling. We got the insulation. We got all kinds of crap hanging down. It's hanging down in the cord, too. How do you like that? Just take a look. It's hanging down. Hang down your head, Tom Dually. Baby, come to QAM. You're with a scrape, Greg. You're an industry discreet. Now, looks like maybe to phone my work today. How do you like that? Maybe? Do you think it'll work for four hours? No. Well, what percentage does that seek? Because I'm a hard ass. What would you say? Because I remember the last time, but the previous time when I was on vacation, you had one day you told me when the phone was like totally out. Am I right? Well, no, technically difficult or just a light of involvement on the audience's part. No, no, no, no, no. Forget about that. That was what I was saying. I'm talking about technical. Oh, this last time? No, I'm talking about previous. Oh, previous. Oh, I had to have the time. Have the time. And I would say, let's see, we came up here in the middle of March. So this great third floor here in the middle of this festering sewer on the third floor. March to April to May to June July on September. However, eight months. Eight and a half months. Now, because today is December one. Eight and a half months. I would say during the eight and a half months that we've been on this floor. I would say 40, 50, 60% of the time. Maybe more. The phone lines don't work. And we're just here trying to do a talk show. Oh, our chief engineer. He's on vacation as wage, George Carso and Julio are fat Julio. These are wanted around what Scott's tape somewhere. Try to take the kiss transmitter together again. Try to keep those newspapers on the air over there at kiss. And when he got a little extra Scott's tape, be sure and get bomb a case piece on his head a little tighter. It's blocked off the one side. People are starting to talk. I started confusing with Eisenberg. Remember the thing which one has the Tony, which one's got the Muscraft? That's what they say around here. Ten minutes after ten, I sure feel fired up this morning. I'll tell you that. I'm just loaded ready for beer. I got a lot of good music, Christmas stuff, ready? Case disfoned, doesn't work. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAN, V3, acquisition court. Just face the stands for nothing. It really so often an artist comes along that captures in song the true spirit of Christmas. Now that hellowed production lives on. Come here he comes. The hottest working man in snow, V6. But got a follow up now. Mr. James Brown. Mr. Matthew. Only Matthew. Only Junior. Only Matthew. See the Matthew here, Matthew. Can it kill? It can't be battlefield. Get the wax. Yes, it can't. I'll change Brown. Mr. Smith. I'll do whatever set that puts the soul. He's on white Christmas. It's time. And you better wear a hat. Get the mask jam in. Get the mask now. Get the wax. Sanders got a plan new back. Why be good for Christmas when you can be bad. Start with a jam. Brown. Get the wax. Get the hair in. Can you see? Get it to. And do my king. Get the mask now. I'll be a belt. It's a 1016 at 560WQM. You hear this. There's the greatest facts when these people here at QAM get a hold of this news. You're right, Stephen. The guy who sent the facts to me from Brown City, but not your management here about this. There'll be the first ones getting it on. W ABC 770A in New York is using a digital cash box. The squeeze even more commercials in the Rush Limbaugh show. They post his learned. This is the New York Post. It says Rush Hour Squeeze. W ABC in hundreds of other stations nationwide is testing cash box which stands for cash radio time reduction. Whatever that means, which creates more minutes per hour than they're actually are. Wait, could you hear this? Another seminar for the sales department. Don't be frustrated. Radio executives, major corporate under corporate pressure to keep delivering double digit revenue increases, are low to discuss their new technological marvel and even industry trade publications of so far been Mom on the development. Cash box processes live shows like Limbaugh's while they're on the year, digitally compressing gaps and pauses and speech in order to allow as many as five additional commercial minutes each hour, above and beyond Limbaugh's normal maximal 19 minutes an hour. Are you following this? So in other words, if he had 42 minutes to speak previously, what they do is they compress it all down. Like maybe they get them to talk a little bit faster to you. I'm talking about hey, you know, like a lot faster. I'm a camera was a good guy never saw a free train in a little bit faster. I didn't know W ABC was using it on Rush, but I just found out that the W ABC engineers knew about it. Said Kit Carson Limbaugh's long time aid attempts to reach Limbaugh who show was headquartered at W ABC were unsuccessful by press time. Oh, there's another spot. Yeah, that's right. I just had a reflex to the facts machine. We can compress that two seconds in an air. You know, this spot in air. For years, radio and this is this is unbelievable is what this is from the late. Oh, this is perfect for QI. I'm here. You go. Maybe we can afford to buy a phone system that works if they put this in now. You think you got a lot of spots now? Just wait. Of course, if they get guilty of talking to you faster, I mean, you know what I'm saying? Like that. Be like a rumored junior. For years, radio and TV stations have been able to massage pre-tape programs to where it helps a second page. Or is that I paid? Or here to a speed them up in order to cram in more commercials. Have you ever heard of that? I never heard of that. I must be very naive. You know what I'm talking about? I must be very naive. I never heard of that. Time for another forever. All the time over at IOD, especially with rush is not a fact to make it time out. Like to hit the news on time, we do the very pitch thing and change the speed all the time. To fit a spot in for example. And IOD, when the hell did we have rush? Oh, in the ancient days. For a little while, when I was a part time of there, we had to run rush on tape. We did it with it all the time. Oh, you just laid a night day ran under something? Yeah, and the evening or whatever the hell it was weekend. But radio's new cashbox slightly delays the beginning of actual live programs so that more ads can be inserted beforehand. Cashbox then spends the rest of the hour or segment using on the fly digital compression. So the show will still end on time and make room for the next program and newscast. Have no idea. Now there's no take a breath. An apple of cashbox reason and Paul Harvey signature sign off Paul Harvey. Good day. It could come and come. Paul Harvey today. Turn the veteran ABC radio come and hit it when they crock it out and these sound like today. Pitch however isn't affected. Meaning Harvey would not sound like Alvin the chipmunk. The device already is widespread and being used by companies like CBS infinity, clear channel and ABC. Oh my God. Said Craig kitchen president and the CEO of premier then it worth that syndicate. Limbaugh Dr. Laura Sluson to another's. This is your 2000 technology. Now I'm for it if it doesn't hurt the image of the host said kitchen one of the few radio execs who would public comment on cashbox. I'm for any form of non-finishal sponsorship revenue he says. In other words, when in doubt squeeze more money out of each hour of each segment. Though talk show host nervous about their ratings will likely argue for commercial limits when the negotiator next contracts. They're getting no support from at least one giant network today. Kitchens premiere network is owned by the 830 station network queer channel which is started using cashbox at some of its stations to accelerate its own network's programs. We began testing the units a few weeks ago specifically inside Laura and Rush. So WBC program director Phil Bois we got the idea from a few stations clear channel that we're using it. How do you like that? Is owner Disney scrambled for bucks to get its sagging stock back up. WBC is already running up to 20 minutes of commercials and promos each hour. The most of any new station but not by far. With the amount of commercial inventory in radio now why would you want to do more ask rich wood who's syndicates Bob Grant Dr. Joy Brown others for WOR which doesn't plan to use cashbox. It's rating suicide he said you're getting so much clutter. There's an overall feeling in industry that audience drop off in some formats maybe because of commercial loads. Yeah couldn't be here could it's court. Wow commercial loads. So there you go another way for the money grant. He's not kept 20 before and I'm the first one to pioneer I put in many many years ago. We're not here that there are 10 you to amuse you to frustrate you to aggravate you. We're just here to get as many spots on as we can. We don't care really especially here they don't care if I said it. That's why the phone it really is irrelevant because in a care five-point user cannot as long as we get to spots in as long as they can keep sucking these people just like that bonus golf tournament. 110 grand and was there one spot in them was there one commercial in return for that. No. All these people were promised were mentioned on these fantasy promos most of which never ran because Sam never got them done. There's a 110 grand that's like more than a tenth of a million dollars right there and was there one spot run. No no they had a sales seminar yesterday had some big shot come in some pet talk guy that comes in who can't get a job anywhere else. I was somebody tell them how they can squeeze more spots in about they can do another million dollars if we can just get another 50,000 spots on this month. They can do another million dollars. And if any of our judges would just talk a lot faster because we know we can do it. Yeah. Some of the start talking. It's back. I got way. I got the way to do it. Oh seriously I got the way to do it. Just get this on the right pitch one more. Yeah there you go. Oh I love it. What a feeling of euphoria that is man and of course for me it's a benefit because I can do like instead of four hours. Let's see a 16 is 44 88 136 minute I can cut it down like half. So it's that I have to worry about getting 10 or 15 calls that ain't up I can do five or six. Here's Boit and Beach hello. How you doing? Pretty good. Corporate greed kills this country. Isn't this unbelievable? If you've got a good hearing you can tell when they take a full let's say a 45 RPM record. Yeah whatever that I've made it up a little bit. Yeah. That's the way that goes with that. That's not why they were doing that though. They thought that it made it sound better. They weren't doing that for commercials. Oh no. No. I'm not even. I'm not even. When you read a spot I never turn it off because you make the spot entertaining. Don't confuse them with that. With a satellite receiver can you put a can it be in a patio with a screen in front of it? Yeah. Oh alright now I'm good. What if there's trees in the way? Yeah. And then you got a problem. But the small this year really isn't affected by trees because really it's hard to explain but it like goes straight up in the year to seek out the signal as opposed to the big dish which you have to point. This is already like pointed one of the spot and it was like straight up in the year. Oh that's good. That's good. That's the mouth. There you go. We're in. I do it today. I go out there and get that thing to that. I was at the scene in the paper this morning Brands Mart 98 bucks installation is free. I mean, practically paying you money to get it. I don't go. Yeah. I mean, forgetting even channel 4, 7 and 10 the whole idea is better reception is the whole is the key word. If it is going crazy can I get the local junk or not? The game is to get a clear picture and not having any. But now that you can also get the local channels and you don't need to cable as an ad junk to it. This is a great opportunity to kiss them goodbye. That's the point I'm trying to make it. Nobody seems to get it. I get it. I can't wait to get it. Oh go on. I just bought a brand new place. The plumber. It's a long story why I had to lose a day's pay. They came over yesterday. They told me these water savings toilets. This brand is not a very good brand. I should have upgraded to more expensive toilets. I kind of have to live with it or I have to buy a more expensive toilet. I never heard of when you buy a house. You have to upgrade the toilet or you have to triple and quadruple flush. I don't have to go fill up every time. It's like, oh, I wouldn't want one of those in my house. Would you want one of those? No. It's like industrial strength. If I go into a restaurant public restaurant room and you know, do whatever you want to dump in there. Anybody who wants to sit on one of those? No, no. Not me. I like the old fashion toilet especially because it gives my mother a chance of he time she's in my house to go in there and replace the a ball and caught him. Whatever that other stuff is. And that would take call it a ball and a something. 26 after 10 at 5. 60 WQ at one moment please. Two moments please. Okay. Let's get ball. Okay. Travel to Memphis to take on the tiger's Saturday. You know, this day will air on 1588. WSRF pre-game starts at 2.30. A service of sports radio 5. 288. Today's show is brought to you by the makers of Norman based Cucclery. She's just black garment. You can't get her. And now back to our program. Coming, mother. Excuse me. Hi. Can I help you? Hi. My name is Bothe. I like to have a gift for after. Do you have a Christmas wrapping? Sure. Two hours over in your Christmas history. Two hours. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Excuse me. Is this Christmas wrapping? That's right. Full check it out. Happy holiday. We hope. But smelly. Cucclery. Cause you're going to be both. Cucclery. and grab things. Go ahead, they jump and wrap your own. It ain't so easy when you do it at home. Because we got the race. We got the ribbon and you know we know money more than money. We got the race. Thank you. We got the rap. We got the rap. I'm going to make it. I'm going to make it. 1032 at 560 WQAM 560 70560. Come on. Let's do this line check. I can't get the music on. Because I can't eat today because I got to go get my blood drawn off to your clock and by the way Gary, let's get it done right this time. Okay Gary. Over there are Dr. Bob's office, which I'm giving him one more chance. This person has already paid for some of his blood work, which I never got to resolve. Come on, Gary. Let's get with it. And stop with those 95 year old Yanthies. You got to knock in a waiting room. 560 50 50 pound 50 on the AT&T line. Here's Boston. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I work up at Aunt Kail and we use a cash machine. Yeah. We use it for Rush and Dr. Lord. It extends two minutes an hour. Two minutes an hour. Yep. Isn't that pathetic? So we put it like 14 minutes of spots an hour. Oh, and in their case, those two shows, though, it's a public service. You oughting to be saying you thank you letters. Those shows are the worst shows on radio possible. Right. And they're not only have extended it with commercials, and it's really bad. It's horrible. And they won't tell their audience. I think the cash machine is a joke. Yeah. To be honest with you. But that's just my opinion. That's radio pal. That's the 21st century radio. How many spots an hour do you have? 400. 400. Yeah. We got something there. But it's rough. I can't stand it personally. In fact, I'm going to start pushing for about 35 minutes an hour. I don't have to do too much work here. Yeah. Yeah. You play a few bits. So play 35 minutes. And then what you got to do? Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. Go for 10. Okay. Sounds good to me. All right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. There's a guy in RKO. They're two minutes in here on the internet. Because they want to hear a real radio station. I'm like there's, which is pretty boring. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. 877, 785, Neil. 877, 775, 6345, Neil. And I'm talking fast. You know what I'm talking fast? Yeah. I've done a subliminal number on myself. I'm talking so goddamn fast. I can figure out what they're saying. And then you go. That's right. Papa. It's motor mouth here. I know. We're talking about your fast. Here's a more spot by the way. There you go. Yeah. Let's get some more goddamn spots on here. God. Much of grave robbing lunatic. Okay. I mean, how about like maybe raising the rate a little bit. Anybody ever heard that? Oh. Raise the rate just a little bit. Instead of insulting the audience, slapping them in the face. And time spent listening keeps dwindling and dwindling and vanishing. While people keep yacking and twisting it in the goddamn dial too, non stop. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah. Neil, there's no way that they could feel more spot on the worst team. I'll tell you that. How about our handshow? For cat about it. About those 13 minute breaks. They could make those in a 15 minute break now. Okay. And if you were clear of all the confusion that I heard yesterday about satellite systems. I've had a satellite system. I used to sound the large dishes. And the small dishes. Or the large dishes are dinosaurs now. They've known. Why isn't it more? I have a small 18 inch dish. And I got a. I got a real crack about the fellow who called yesterday who couldn't figure out how to get the local channels for free by giving a fake address. But you seem to straighten them out on that. Oh, I listen. I'm not here on the ear to be promoting people stealing cable boxes and people lying. I mean, I understand that everybody in their brother does stuff like that. But I can't come here on the ear and talk about people using illegal cards. And I can't do that. What's wrong with these people? Well, it's a terrible call to me from my antenna yesterday. Oh, she's the best thing about cable is you can steal it. Like you can't steal satellite signals. What's wrong with this guy? Yeah. It's not difficult to, uh, but I don't want to talk about it. Okay. Well, I just need to tell you that the reception on the, uh, uh, New York and, uh, I have to learn to spot fast. You're, you're calling is finally, you got to speak faster. You're working a lot. You're working a lot. Angela, that's a little bit of an old ABC CBS and NBC are, uh, extremely clear. Yeah. Really phenomenal. Uh, $5. Paper, you, Lily, all free. And, uh, every adult channel free. Right. Uh, NFL ticket, hockey, Uh, baseball. Okay. Okay, I'm gonna fill your legal card, thanks. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup. But your shester. That's what they said. That's a problem with a satellite business is they finally. Thank God. Got it on the hands of the satellite dealers like this guy. All the shester is out there. And they put it in brand's mart and appliance TV D. And best buy and so you're considering. And you can go to, like I said, yes, that any dime store, practically, and buy a goddamn satellite, this and get something in schmuck to come and install it or maybe call my hand it. instead of having all these goddamn satellite users, this used to be, and of course with the big dish, I mean this is one of the most disreputable businesses in a history of mankind. I bet you there weren't one percent of the people in America who had the big dish, this is going back some years, who were getting the programming legally. I wonder how I did those, you know, the programming services like super, whatever it is, and turner, how do they ever stay in business? Because 99 percent of the people were stealing the signals all the stuff. Here's Mommy Springs, hello. Hey, Neil, I know I'll try to be really set. How are you doing? You don't put that on. All right. We're all going to be talking to people with high voices, high pitched whiny voices like Guilty from now on, because otherwise you talk to his low-elect, and last time. You're getting another three seconds in front of the spot. That last guy was terminal. Um, the question about hockey. Yeah. It's a sign. I don't want to change the subject on you. I'm going to show it to all you. You hear about this crap, I was going up an Atlanta about this game on Friday. The GNTMWATOM, or whatever the name is. Sure. Let me say it again. Contribed. It's a great idea. Atlanta trashers. They needed to have another hockey team in Atlanta. Like I need to have more hemorrhage from Greg Reed. Okay. They didn't need this, and they're trying to go shoot up and this panther's schedule. I got to be honest with it. How much did they pay off somebody to get a schedule like this? This would be the 85th time they've played at Atlanta already this season, which of course they won't all the games. And they just got through playing them here the other day. Another playing up there again is Friday. What kind of a schedule is this? We're playing roles teams all the time. Can you get work for a really plain Eastern conference? Yeah. Now that's not going to happen. Perfect. No. I agree. And by the way, Leafs traded Todd Warner two days ago to Tampa Bay for a draft round draft pick, but that wasn't in the papers. I just mentioned that in passing. I know nobody cares except my four or five Leafs. I just mentioned that because it didn't even make the papers here. That's the great kind of hockey coverage you get here. None. Zero. Zippity. Do that. But thank God. At least they know they're football team whose papers here. Speaking of the dolphins, hours days Joseph talked to Yensel Green. Yeah, there you go. There even still a mama cheerlea from the agencies now in town. That's a son-cental spot. And they're still in my material. Speaking of the dolphins, hours days Joseph talked to Yensel Green. Yeah, I got your Yensel right over here sweetheart. How do you like that? That right there is the definitive spot for this market. That tells you everything you need to know about the level of professionalism in this market. It's just got bush leash meared all over it. You can you can smell it. And if you get too close to it, it'll be on your shoes. Oh, by the way, better hurry it up. Twenty-light before that, at five sixty WQAM. Jim Mendes toss four. Rans, right here. On sports radio five sixty. Eight out. Fifty Hoover. At the moment. The critics agree. This collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time. I'm doing me another wide Christmas just while the sky was too low. Yes, candle wax music presents. Elmer Fuzz, Christmas classics. And this 24 record set is truly incredible. Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Oh, what fun it is to ride in a one horse opens way. Hey, oh, what fun you'll have hearing these timeless classics. Before and by America's most beloved hunter of weapons. Who's on the way? No one's waiting to have a family sign. No one's. And if you ever saw with you would even say it, well. Elmer Fuzz, Christmas classics. Not available in stores. And when you receive your set in the mail, you'll know why. Oh, everybody. I show hope you like my Christmas classics. So call toll free. One, 800. Oppo winners are standing by Santa Claus is coming to town. Did he say, well, it's 1045 at 5.50 to WCOM. So anyway, we're doing this. This cash box device which speeds up gets more squeezes more of an inner and spots to. Cash box maker prime image ink is also rolling out a time machine for live television, which is technically more modest with its time grab about 90 seconds per hour for extra spots. If the device finds widespread acceptance in TV as it no doubt will in radio, you can go to the bank on it. The TV never will be able to shoehorn more top dollar commercials into popular live broadcast like the Academy Awards by shortening the speeches and presenters and acceptors and sticking in more goddamn spots. Now one thing if you do go out and get to small fish or if you already have one like I've had for several years now since they first came out. When you get the packages like the NFL Sunday packages is a great example of that. Here you've got let's say it's one o'clock. What are they like 14 games a week, something like that? So a one o'clock there might be 10 games going on. Maybe four or four o'clock games, 10 games at one. And they're all there together. They're all like one channel after another on your small dish. And you're flipping from one to another to what there are times when almost every single one of those games. Keep in mind that every ever sporting event there are invariables. You don't say there are a place that are incomplete or guys that get injured. They're all kinds of different reasons for stopping to play, but some magical for some magical reason. You flip from one to another and they're in spots. They're like almost every game is in a spot at the same time. The hockey games where they have cut out a commercial timeouts per period, but nevertheless any NHL. I mean they do have pre pre determined times during a course of each period when they're going to have a commercial TV timeout. Like when you're sitting in the reading you see those little pink lights come on. But guess what? I mean hockey games you can't the clock doesn't run continuously. They're stoppages of players icing. There's off side. There's fights. There's whistles. There's guys getting injured. All kinds of things. But nevertheless you go to your hockey package. Maybe there's like four games out of the same time. You're flipping your flip and you're flipping your flip. I guess what? They're all in commercial at the same time. It's getting to the point now where there is no more programming. There were only commercials. I can't tell you the number of times that I'm sitting there hoping to find a good NFL game. And if I do find one that's entertaining, I'll flip on there. And scratching each other's ass and they're standing around. And I'm screaming, run up play. Let's see some action already. Let's see something. And they run up playing all of a sudden the referee gives you this. We arms both out. Oh, TV time out again. And we go to some more spots. Just what you great robbers need in this by the way is another buy and send queer channel. You'll notice are the ones who started this. This is another buy product of what the government has done. The same government has all pissed off about Bill Gates and Microsoft. What they've done with the broadcasting industry by letting a few crazy people gobble up airbie radio and TV station in America. Because now you won't have any choice. You get pissed off because there are too many spots. Why don't turn to another channel? It's going to be owned by the same people anyway. And have to suffer through their spots. The American public is drowning in a sea of spots. That's what broadcasting's all about. That's what you great robbers up there in Washington have done at the FCC. You're about your lunatics. We can't say tits on a year because they're going to get fired and everybody haven't ever been to this break down. But if we can run 75 minutes an hour in a 60 minute period of time, there'll be the technology soon to be able to do that. In other words, here we're taking the same amount of programming. Are you following this? He's got 42 minutes out of the 60 minutes like rush. Program content. And he's still going to have the same 42 minutes, but it's going to get squeezed down to 40 minutes. So they can run 20 minutes instead of 18 for commercial. You're following that? And a big fat tub of larvala Kim. How is he going to keep talking without taking a guy to breath like that? Another infosemic breath. A big tub of crap like him. Here's a mobile in top of no. Hello. Mobile in top of no. Hey, Neil, everybody talk like this. I'm like, you can get out of there by two. Uh-huh. That's up. What they really need to do is take this cash box and go ahead and put on the Marlon's game and we only have to list a half of the Marlon's game. That is an excellent idea, sir. Of course, they're just sitting with the Marlon's game. You don't have to speed up for spots because we can't sell any. But at least they speed up to play my play. And then you have to be careful. They don't take your own bonus checks and put in the cash box and reduce them too. I think that's where George is right now. And you have a good day. No. Back to you, sir. God bless you. Pray for us folks. Pray for us because we're in a hand to grave robbers here. All they want to do is run spots. And on this radio station for them to have the hood split, a bringing some jackass consultant Irish, vendor whatever his name was yesterday. To have a seminar with a sales department to tell them how they can squeeze more spots on it. I got news for it. If they try to squeeze one more spot on this radio station, I think that will put the audience right over the edge. The most sentiment in any other place on the dial, it'll send them to like, you know, they can't see these because sets are cheesy, mosh yong shuffle board, any other past time. Besides sticking their radio on. So, you know, and I'm sure that they'll have one of these deals in here at no time at all. If somebody else pays for it. If we have to pay for it, we get it. No. Maybe that's the best thing because obviously it's some kind of a technical apperate as some kind of a piece of equipment. And that being said, no. No chance. Because even if we did go out and get it, we don't have anybody in engineering to do out or hook it up anyway. Take that to the bank. Take that and stick it up your ass. Oh, George Corso, he's on vacation this way, but Julio's running around with some scotch tape and crazy glue. You know, that big fat Julio? 560, 50, 50, 50 here's a call from National. Hello. Hello. You're on. Yes, sir. Yes, I like speaking, you're on. Speaking. You know what, sir? Pretty good, sir. Yeah, I like the cost. And I just want to let you know we love this show, yeah. Do you? Yeah, you're the back, man. Yeah, well, we know that. You got a lot of people listening in ASA? I've watched the population. Right. So, the majority of the national listeners show. We got about 3,000 people. We got about 480,000, that a little bit. Excellent. God bless, National. Sir, I'm going to pray for all you behaviors. We'll don't pray with the Catholics. Okay. We're not Catholic. We're just going to set a dead cat instead of how's that? All right. Thank you, sir. Okay. And happy. Whatever it is. Happy Glacier holidays. A lot of clay, more than a Bahamas aren't there. Oh, yeah. Fine. Like we're Griffin. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. Donald Trump. 5, 6, the only AT&T line. And of course, the world, which we're doing pretty good this show. Actually, on that line. What do we have? We had Boston, our friend up there. WRKO. Who's trying to find out what we were radio show sound like? And by the way, our best regards to Jerry Williams, even though he is dead. Well, they just haven't told him yet. Just like they haven't told him that water's still there. They haven't told him that water's still going to stab him in the back. 877, 785, Neil. That's our total free number for the entire universe baby, or at least for anybody who can get through on it. 877, 785, 6345. I actually have a little bit of activity here to them. I'm not really sure why. Of course, it helps when the phone works. You know what I'm saying? It helps when the phone works. Well, I think of the number of days since I've been working for this bogus horse company that I've said here is screaming and yelling and curing on. And just showing the audience a big fat blood of yes. And then coming to find out that we had 8 million people trying to call him. But the phone systems all screwed up. It makes me feel pretty good because it kills him good time. No, it's depressing. It's a grotesque and takes years off my life. Sounds like lawsuit to me. Oh, Greg, it's a lawsuit. Yeah. Like that day, and you know that he was the instigator. He was the one that's no longer in the other room there. And by the way, how about the one that isn't the room in there? Is he going to come back anytime soon? George has got an appearance coming up yesterday. Yeah. George has got a public appearance coming up yesterday. And still doesn't know where we're supposed to be. So if you want to go see him, it was yesterday. But we might postpone until Saturday at Prime Co. But we don't know when and where and what time and who's going to be there and what to it all about, Alfie, etc. So on. Now is this another Gary Sarner deal? Because that's how you want to think about him. He's an asshole. Yeah. Called me a genius today. He's got the hook splatter. Get out of this 85 hour seminar. There's with this Ira. I can't get a job Schmendrick guy. And he calls me at home again about the account, which I will not do under any circumstances. I don't care if they're going to spend a hundred billion dollars on this radio station. He has to restill. Oh, unless I get a billion of it. I think you like that. See, that's the problem with these people. They don't understand my credibility is important to me. I'll sell out like anybody else. But they never offered me enough to sell out. That's the problem. Offered me, you know, like six, 700 grand jury. And then I'll say sure no problem. I'll come on here here in Duanez for horse crap. I don't care. But at least pay me enough to make it worth my wildest sell out. You idiots. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Happy on. And back to you. Happy silly holidays. One thing about this, it's, you ever noticed on TV when you watch a movie. It's compressed the movies on television? They have. Yeah, well, maybe you'll see it more when you're watching TNT or so. But they don't want to say, I think it's my religion. You know, say time. TNT is for glam. Well, it's going to be interesting when Reagan dies if, Rush Limbaugh wants to give him one minute of silence. Uh-huh. But they can do it in 25 seconds now. Yeah, it'd be like, okay, that's it. And I'm sorry for getting one. That was okay. Okay. Have a great day. I would be happy circus. Five, six, then we got twenty or thirty thousand open lines here right now. And I want these lines spoken today. Maybe I want to see some tangible evidence around playing a lot of music today. Because I'm sick and tired of fighting the goddamn management. I'm fighting the audience. I want to see some activity going on here. You don't want to say it. Even if it's even if you're fake in it. Which most of you probably are. They're fake in it. And by the way, we love you. People over here to Bahamas even though you're a bunch of great robbers and you treat Americans like crap. We love you anyway. Okay. More power to you. You poor bastards over there living in poverty and squaller. No one did they have to rip off the American tours. No one of the cab drivers after charge a 150 bucks to go 10 blocks. And they keep taking you around in little circles. That's right. I don't blame them. And by the way, do we have like any cab drivers who's picking? Wish. All depending on what not in this town. The cab drivers are all either old Cubans or most of them are like, you know, most of them are like, you know, most of the cab drivers are like, I'm not getting in no cab with no Haitians. All of his baseballs are so in real tight. And of course in Toronto they're like all the long reheads. They're Pakistanis. And I think in Boston too, I think all the times we take into cab up there, it's all we are. Turban hits Chicago. Turban Hatches. Yeah. What is that all about? It's their why is it that all the turban heads have got the cabs and they convenience stores. What is that all about? Huh? Let's find out today. Okay. Let's find out if we have anybody who runs a convenience store who is in the turban head. Now the guy who runs a corner up here runs a little convenience store. They're not turban heads. You've very nice people. I'm not sure what they are. I think they're like, you the under turban origin. 1056 and 560W to come on. Speed it up. Speed it up. The sports leader. Sports radio. 560. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. How right does it go down to Jeffery Dama? Sorry you couldn't be here. Very proud of you. Yeah. Nass roasting on an open fire. Now I'm nibbling on his nose. Thank you very much. My anticipation makes me start to inspire. Now he's liver potte is on my toes. Everybody knows his pinky and his little toes. I'll just find when he's in line. So I'll take flesh and to eyes in a bowl. We'll be positive my snack tonight. Some people say that I am sick. Because I've eaten human eyeballs on a stick. And that one sitting I am gonna try to down a torso or leg. And a thigh. And so I'm taking out my power so. To dice some heads for humans to. But there's one thing I know I'll never make reservations for too. Give it up to the day see on Sanctus. It puts the large in the breast. Exactly. 11.03 at 5.50 WCM. We got Hank in the building today. How do you like that? Take a look at that disgusting floor around there. Roll his pant legs up to his knees and waddle through it. We got the books. They're 6 to 10. And then we got the capital. Just kind of like the regular on and covered schedule out there. 5.60, 50.50, 50.60 on the AT&T line. You see the thing about this cash box thing. It's another slap in the face because what the people in this business are basically saying, especially queer channel and the ABC people. They're saying to you is you're done with it. You even knew you were. As if people aren't gonna notice that they're running 20 minutes instead of 18 minutes an hour. You've got to notice that. That are already like ping in their pants from the long commercial breaks. They're not going to notice that there's another 2 minutes an hour because they've condensed all the other crap. What's going to happen when it condensed the other 42 minutes instead of down to 40 minutes down to 30 minutes. And it's like 30 30. You've heard of 2020 at ABC. We're going to have 33. 30 minutes of program content. 30 minutes of spots. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello. Hello, deal. Yes, sir. Hello. Yes. Speak to me. Okay. Have a great day. We'll have time to play games. Okay. I don't think he's in Jupiter. I think he's on Uranus. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T or RL Slime. 877, 785, meal. That's toll free for wherever down you are. 877, 775, 633, 45. Mobile in South Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you today, no? Okay. How long have you been in a radio? Long enough. Long enough. Yeah. I've been listening to all of the stuff for a couple of years down here. Sometimes you get to just a program. I was just wondering about you. So long as you're in the business. Sometimes. Why? I don't know if you've been in the business. Why are you writing a book? Well, I'm just interested in a little bit of that. Who else is it, too? Why is that? What do you mean? Does it make you like to show? I enjoy the show. Well, I mind your old business. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. How long have you been in the business? Where do you start? Was it a WCGR and Canada day when New York? 100 years ago, and at any even on the year anymore? Tell us about Albion Michigan, WALM. Anybody want to hear about Albion Michigan? No. I want WBTA and Batib in New York. Do you want to hear about that? No. Just sit back and enjoy it, pal. Okay. Just sit back and relax and don't ask too many God then questions. Curiosity killed the scat. Just keep that in mind. Pup, pup, pup, pup. And what's that? You just hit on there. What was that online? Is that a call in Fort Myers or my eyes, D.C. in New Hello? Good afternoon, sir. Good evening. What ever it is? You're correct. And when you were saying flipping from one channel to another, and always having the commercials on, I have flipped from channel to channel. I've got as many as I've got it. I've got it till it's rated a fall off, man. It's just getting tired of it. Well, I'm making a game of it because I got one time three commercials. They were all the same commercial. But I'm making a game of it to see what average I can get. Maybe up to five or six. Well, that happens all the time. And then NFL Sunday package because I guess the agencies, they buy, like the, you know, the different slots in the game. So they buy the first commercial break in each of the games. And so sometimes they'll be, so it's four different games. And they're like in various stages of the same spot. Yeah, and it's bad enough. We're getting poor programming because of the interrupts and all these commercials. Now we're getting bad commercials over and over and over again. All the same time. So it's always got as commercial. There is no entertainment anymore. Just spots. Well, my solution is something I'd rather watch infomercials. I'd rather watch George Foreman and the Lee Mean Grillon machine. Or I'd rather watch Ron Popeal just for a few bad labs. At least there's a little entertainment there. Well, well, exactly. And of course, my solution will be those best of nail tapes when it gets so bad. Yeah. I will say the funny thing. Nobody listened to that. I'm through the infreta. I asked yesterday for one person to call in. We had tapes for four hours. Not one person called as show yesterday. Tell me what was on those tapes. Well, good eye. Call today. I'll listen to them when I love them. Really? Yeah. And we have all your nail got best of tapes. We buy from the for the charity. Right. From spec. And the funny thing I did see was I wanted shopping channels the other night. The guy making the most that the pop CM and M's out of its other end. He couldn't get it to work. Five minutes. It was the last of the evening. The most pop CM and M's out of the back dome. Right. And it just wouldn't. It wouldn't work. He would put his finger up there. What was that? It lives in sunrise. Back dome. Back dome. Okay. I'm a great day. Oh. Maybe he's just a member of the most. Five six seven oh five sixty. I wonder if that's why they call it. Chocolate moves. And pound five sixty on the AT&T line. That out of town like it. A little bit of action there today. How do you. Yeah. That's too exciting. 877-875 Neil 877. What is I don't know what that number is. How do they know what that is? You don't understand? Not a good number. First of all, 877 is going to be the worst toll free. I mean, 800 we know 8888. But 877. What kind of crap is that? 785-6345. And of course if I say 785 Neil, they're going to like go with a K on a front or with an A or they don't know what they'll let is. Even I'm not sure. So sure how to, you know, spell it since I made it up. Christ. God damn radio station man. You people are the biggest bunch of grave robbers ever seen in my life. Can't do anything right. They just don't know. It's not that they don't want to do it. They're just who keep to do it right. Call Greg in here. He'll fix the problem. He'll take a look at the phone. My favorite is when he comes in here in the phone is all screwed up. Which could be almost any day. And he'll look at the instrument. Like, he'll give it that like puzzle look like, Oh, yeah. Like if he stairs that long enough, he'll like put a spell on it. And all of a sudden it'll like fix itself. And go into spontaneous remission from whatever it's illnesses. And it'll fix itself and start working like a charm. Use it that evil eye. Or is that just how he looks? Yeah. Kind of like a retard. Nine minutes in my apologies to the returns. Nine minutes after 11 at 5.60 QA. Tim Volcaford taught sports weekends right here. I'm sports renewal 5.62 ALM. Holy Macaron. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. 310611 nners Home. Littleiles who Penn Uprising. He's a good guy. He hiding in total hell. So when I re-do, I should protect him. the bus. Well, this is that. He just goes. He came out all the way. But he does all the things. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. It's 150 to 5. 50 to 5. 50 WQAM. So anyway, the latest publicity stunt by Ellis Ruben, this slides to loan business. You know, when are you people in the media here at town that a catch on? Okay, about 20, 30 years maybe? All these people that used to work for a slice to loan, all these people that were so put upon because he had his 10 commandments and they had to do this and they had to do that. And if they took a dump and couldn't smell too bad, and it's said, when so, but you know what? If somebody has you to do a job and they lay down all these commands, you know what you're saying? You give them the buff on Google and you go find some other job. Where you go, uh, break into a 7-11 or something like that. Who, who held the gun to their head and forcing to take these jobs in a first place? And now they're suing them. They're suing him. He's suing them back for defamation of character. And here's Ellis Ruben sitting on there, going, checking his head and taking off those glasses and going. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. And over and over again. Quits to the limit material, I'll let's buy it when you're really getting old and stay okay? Desperate. Desperate. It's big of a desperate, somebody wasted all our facts people with his direct. Florida International University to host international conference on Torah and science, absolute standards in a world of relativity. Oh, yeah, he's actually me, the bio of every one of these Getskis, all these silly people. What kind of a trick is this, okay? God. How many trees do they have to chop down to make the paper? So this crazy lunatic, it could send us his crap. I was gonna say crazy Jew, but I'm not even so sure. I mean, well, who knows what this is? Oh, yeah, Rabbi Professor Moshe Tendler, like I said, crazy Jew. Stop wasting our facts paper, you go. You do you 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T line and 877, 785, 6345, toll free for America, baby. 877, 785, 6345. What do you say about that Pete Rose, huh? And by the way, you can get on the internet today that website is sportcut.com. You know, she's wearing a hat. I wonder how much is getting paid for that? What kind of a cut he's getting out of that? What is that all about? Or they're doing the thing, the pool on the internet? Should we let Pete back into baseball? Should we loan them $50 million? Is he still a compulsive gambler with children? So I mean, why I don't even like the guy, I say, get it over with already. Let him back in, he's not there whining and crying about how being out of baseball for 10 years has cost him so much money. If he's cost him so much money, by the way, how come he's always sitting in the track with a stacks of $100 bills sitting on the table losing his ass? Is what I would like to know. But I still happen to agree with him, let him back in and stop being a bunch of hard asses. Okay, so we can get him out of our hair. Here's a mobile and less palm, hello. Hey, my cable company is direct. Yeah. You know, listen to me, I want to get rid of my people. I don't know how to have a cable company. Who is that? Go ahead. I want to get rid of my cable when I went in looking for a dish yesterday. Well, what's the, what are you going to do with that? I don't understand. What does that mean? You're on Palm Beach. You're not in data Brewer. You're on the Marathon. I'm driving. Now right now, I'm in the Pumpino, Neil. But where do you live? I'm, I'm driving cost-pring. Oh, I see, okay. And I wouldn't say yesterday, but there's no way of getting rid of my cable. Why not? Well, if I have, if I look up one dish to my TV set, what do I do? My other TV sets. I have no, if I look up to dish or my TV, the bad tells me it's going to be between 250 to 300 hours. That five other TV sets. I have five other TV sets. Well, forget it. You write a lot to your screw. See, I can't relate. I'm just what I know. I'm an old fashioned guy. I'm one of those people like I said yesterday. I got one big 53 inch attached TV set right there in my living room. I love it. It's beautiful. The picture is spectacular. That's it. I got two other sets that never get turned on in the whole house. I got thrown in the bottom of the pool for all I care about. They're two little crappy sets. I don't use them. Why do you have to have five TV sets? So those people who have got multiple sets, you got multiple problems. That's all I can tell you. Everybody in their brother, call me, should this show the last two days with stories about why not can do them any good. You know what? Tough. Tough. I was talking yesterday and I'm saying it again right now for those people who can benefit from this. How do you like that? Since there's nothing in your goddamn newspapers about it. Since I'm the only one who figure, I guess who figures it to story. And since the sports nerds who work on this radio station don't figure it's enough of a story because they don't want you guys to be able to watch all again. Because then you'll know I held a lot more than they do, which isn't much. Like our morning show today. They talk about that they talk about the actual game. No, they spend half the day to last two days talking about a rumor. All we ran over a rumor, we put them under the bus. What does that mean, okay? That guy then put whack in the Robert Greeper who works the overnight shift here. And you come in nine o'clock, nine thirty in a morning and he's still hanging around with a morning guy because he wants to sniff your roses a buck crack. I mean, come on, Robert get a life. And by the way, I have it. I'm very good authority that we're not so sure. The Robert is really Jewish because he's not circumcised. Not that he has four skin. He just has never been this. So you can't really tell if he's Jewish or not. Get rid of Robert. Go home and get some sleep clear your brains out. Okay. So we'd hardly get a life. Stop being such a gropey. Little piece of turd. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound time sixty. The 18 to the wireless line. Me. Yeah, exactly that's him. Yeah. Little lemon. Little underlinks. Where did we find this group, man? Josh Friedman. Woo, man. Oh, man. Here's surf side. Hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. 40 years in surf side 30 years at the off and sand. I go to the dolphin game. You think it's bad watching around TV. I paid $160 for me and my grandson's there. We should down. So that what are you going for? Because you talking about how boring it is. Yeah. Which is what you're spending. So what are you spending $160 for? If it's so boring. Well, you know what? I'm sick. I'm an, I've been a loyal fan the whole time for the tamp off. And then we go buy a Coca-Cola. It's $5. Well, let me ask you this. So why don't you stay home and watch it for free on television? I will never go to the top. OK. Thank you. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We've got 1,600 open lines here. We only got 3 hours and 27 minutes to kill the news counting. We're also kind of a good start there this morning. But once again, they're back in their in-nutrol again. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Any meal? Yes, sir. How you doing? OK. Have you been to a privilege to sit through this emissions testing line? Get your car checked? I never had any in line. I never waited for more than two or three people. Oh, you have it. I've been here for 30 minutes and that's hilarious. I'm watching these poor guys in here. They're, uh, chicken, the thing up there. Right, go. Yeah. And they're sucking all the gas up. It's hilarious. You guys are going to be suing up. Just imagine how much pollution they're putting out in the air. Sitting there where their cars are. I don't know. Hey, what's all your his meal right here? Hey, say hi to Neil. Hey, what are you doing? What's up? Hey, you look at him. I'm a winner. I'm not getting ready. Six of them. I might tell you. Oh, is that as the area? And they're with the inspector guy? Yeah. Does he know who I am? You know who Neil Rogers is? No. He's the guy. He's the guy. He's the way you have shot him. Oh, man. He's the way you have shot him. Wait a minute. Where is this guy from? Ask him where he's from. Hey, where you from? Oh, man. He's from Miami. Working up here in Davy. And he doesn't know who Neil Rogers is? That's what he said. Probably. That makes sense because if you're watching for 30 minutes, suck up exhausts you. Yeah. This guy is, he's got to be blamed at right now. Yeah, but I thought that most of the people who suck know who Neil Rogers is. Good luck to you, pal. Hey, got to come up with a new bag? Yeah. 5.6705. 50. Pomp 5. 60 on the 18. What? He didn't say on the air. We don't do that on the air. But he was asking my permission from. No, God. So yeah, go ahead. We just want to be burdened by because it's boring. Honey, I like that. There's a guy in Miami who probably would enjoy his show, who's busy sticking his finger up. Back to him. And the line there, the checking their emissions. And he doesn't even know who the hell I am. That's another thing, by the way, Greg. Thanks for all the great promotion. Yeah. Thanks for the sandwich, more. Thanks for those great billboards. You will lie in sack of crap. God. Maybe when they raise all that money, of course we can't say how, because it's the quiet period. Yeah. Maybe when they raise all that money, we're going to get some promotion. No, George, we're going to get his bonus. We'll get to God name a project finished out there. No, no. Just the old man will get his money back. Here's Oakland Park, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. That was the vacation buddy. Excellent. All right. Let's see how I won the ring. Where did you get the show's swatch for? I'm going to your pardon. The boss. Where did I get it? What do you mean by that? I never heard of the first recommendation there. I never found it. You never found it. How are you spelling it? How have you looked at HV? No, no, no, no, no, no. Just a minute. If you looked it up, how you're asking me how I'm saying it? Well, I'm breaking down this syllable and I'm trying to, you know, how are you spelling it? If you're looking at that. Well, I'm spelling it. F. F. Yes, good. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. And they are he. And they are he and IG. No, no, no. No, and IG. F. F. C-O-O. No. N-I-G. G-E-R-I-A. P-O-R-C-H. N-O-N-K-E-Y-M-O-U-S-E. Thank you, sir. 560560. P-560 on the AT&T Wireless Line with a P-A. T-M-I-G-E-R-I-A. P-O-R-C-H. N-O-N-K-E-Y-M-O-U-S-E. Thank you, sir. It's a German word to your shvarts. Don't mess around with a German, so make it off for your camera fuse, okay? Even better than the Sicilians. So give me the old gas, so cut it out, pal. So German word shvarts, it means black. Black shvarts. As an Arnold shvarts nigger, okay? Which what kind of a name is that? Anyway, see this is another thing. If I go on here, anybody else says nigger, oh my God, it's the end word. But here's the God that's making a fortune. Arnold shvarts nigger is what? And yeah, that's his thing. Shvarts nigger. That's it. He's laughing at the whole word with that crap. Shvarts nigger, which of course is redundant to begin with, but he ain't too smart. Just smart enough to make millions of dollars with no talent. And Mary did that bitch with no chin. He's not a tumult. Yeah. Oh, it isn't. I thought it was a chin. She ought to be married to a Chinese guy, but then she could find a chin. 26 after 11, and somebody gave Maria the goddamn Chinese phone book. Or just sent her over to what Taiton, he took her ass out. He didn't like that kind of white folks either. With no chin. Always be suspicious of people with no chin, you know? I don't want to make you paranoid, especially with this great holiday time of the year. And we all love each other. Oh, and by the way, speaking a lot of each other, they're shvarts or who wouldn't make the left turn on the eyes there a road this morning. You're a crazy person. He could have turned, made 18 release in the middle of the road, come back and go across again. And he's sitting there like looking and looking and we're all honking and he's giving us the, like that. And I drive it a beetle pose, a loppy driving a probably a pretty nice stolen car. Crazy bastard. Well, I'd say I could do the whole four hours every day just ripping the people who have encountered driving the work every morning. Asoles. Like the guy in the green van on 5.95, I'm getting out of the turnpike there and the right into the lane to go on the turnpike. He's moving out of the extreme right lane, which he don't belong in the first place. And he's cruising across not paying any attention to me. And he's taken his good sweet time until I'm almost run out of room to get there over there. That's our hotty golfers football. Marlins baseball now, the Miami Hurricanes do sports radio 560 QAM. Holy cow, Aaron's coming. I'm a 32 at 560 QAM. I'm a 32 at 560 QAM. Our mask in whoever you are, Mr. Mask in stop, can look with the facts is okay. Enough from the show at Bell Harbor. This turned my international conference of the direct of Toran Sun's page after page after page after page after page. It's a sin, don't you understand? You crazy old you. Stop facts and they just craft. The show about Harbor. They're facts number by the way. Which hand they're phone number? So somebody, somebody get on a horn with this guy. Stop. You're killing me with his direct. Biography, here's Joseph Zuskin, some lunatic that's going to come here. Some getchky that's going to come in Haka Chanuk with some crazy mumbo, with some Jewish mumbo gumbo jumbo. Not even though Jews ate gumbo. The show about Harbor. Whose facts number is? Where now, oh here it is. There's a telephone number. 868, 1411. That's a 305 because it's in Surfside, of course. You know what I mean? Somebody's got to call Mr. Maskin and tell them, stop factoring me this crap. We don't care, okay. You're wasting your time. You're wasting my facts paper. You're going to burn on a lake of fire. If you don't stop. 868, 1411. Are Maskin, MASK, I.N. Good nugs. Stop. Page after page after page. Why would anybody in his right mind or even in his wrong mind? Facts this crap to me. Why would they think that I was curious? Do I care? No. No. And as I'm speaking, the page. The stuff is for it. I don't even know what I mean. Look at this crap. Here's the whole schedule. The medical ethics. Morning session. Here's the mental illness session, which I think this got out of the attending right now. Stop. You crazy bastard you. Here's a mobile and palm beach, hello. Yeah, honey, all you doing for that. Okay, sir. I doubt the dish and I what I did. I know people have been complaining about, you know, I have to buy another receiver for another room. I don't know if anybody has mentioned this. They sell these little transmitters. I bought them there in Walmart, like $40. And it works basically like another receiver. I said on top of the television and you can use your remote from any room and it works to buff the 300 feet. The only thing is you can't watch multiple channels. Right. Whatever you watch in one room, you have to watch the other room. But you're missing the point. These are people who evidently have got a bunch of either teenagers or pin the ass little kids or got only or their mother would law. Jan did a broom closet somewhere with the TV set and they want to watch like a half of it in different things at the same time. What you got on the one, not practical for the dish. Right. Because you got to buy a separate receiver for each TV set. Yeah, well, what I did, I got the big screen. So I moved the 24 inch to the battery and I just bought those little transfer. They were great. But like you say, if you want to watch multiple programs, you're screwed. I see I would like to start out just with regular pedestrian old fashioned people that have one primary TV set in the house that they watch 98% of the time like I do. And then worry about the other stuff later on. You know, let's go. Let's send them to them themselves. Have a good day, any. Thanks. Okay, 16,000 open lines here. This is it. This is D-Day. Maybe 5, 6, 70, 5, 60. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. The outer timeline that is in Dornail 877, 785, Neil. 877, 855, 6345. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. You don't want to do that. Okay. Just call in to give you a little information that I'm sort of just figured out. I was looking at your 877 number to make a little easier for people to remember. You look at the 785 part. It's S-U-C-K. Yeah, we know. It's a deal. Uh-huh. And make it so much easier to remember. That's it. Well, they're going to have a spell at the time. Yeah, well. They don't have to do it. They just don't have a spell at the time. Well, here in Miami, no, that's the way they spell it. Okay. Have a great day, Neil. Thanks for the good news, ladies. Oh, God. Okay, here's our last call. Here's North Miami, hello. North Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You're our last call today. I'm sorry to hear that. Just point of information. I remember seeing an interview with Arnold a while back. Schwarz, Nigger, yes. Yes, the master. What was his literal translation of his last name? He's black plowman. No, figure. No, it doesn't. That's what he said. What's he going to do? Come on here and say, my last name is black nigger. That's what it is. Sparks, Nigger. That's what he said. It's a put on. It's a put down is what it is. He's putting them out. I love it. He's putting the black folks out. They'll do it. They're doing it themselves anyway. Okay. I'm going to touch you. Sparks, Nigger. That's what he said. And it was like, oh, yeah. That sounds like a reasonable. And at least I make a vanilla roger. Okay. That's inoffensive. That's easy enough. Which Sparks nigger? What the hell is that? That's like old-type bastard or something like that. Yeah, my name is Eddie old-type bastard. So how is that? Here's a mobile in the cable. Hello. Good morning, you. My solution to the multiple receivers for on the satellite. We'll go to the brand smart. And happen to have a special way of buying the top of one Sony. And to actually gave you a second receiver free, which was actually in the price. It was so good of better than buying a single receiver for my normal server. Right. And two should be good enough. I mean, people that have got three and five and 15 TV sets. I can't be worried about them. Okay. Screw them. Exactly. That's a good. Two was an option. I just ran one of the cables doubled into my bedroom. Three TVs with two receivers. So perfect. Excellent. Nice job, sir. There's a guy with no problems. Okay. He likes it. He likes it. See, like I said, I don't know why I got into this thing yesterday. I thought I was doing a ticic rate service for the audience. There's like 50 of us that got this small dish. And the right to the people. Oh, they love their cable. Okay. Great. I hope you have a great life with them. Okay. The cable sucks. But if you love them, I hope you are low for them. Have a wonderful life. Here I'm trying to do something nice for people. Try and especially at that holiday time of the year. We finally get a break. A tremendous break. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line 22 till noon of QA in. I want to bang you in the butt. So just in time for the holidays. So record all of her. You've always feared. It's Christmas with cowboy dig. Oh, there's no, Mr. Co. Down on that road. Just that long, Terry Boe. I'm on parking. So boy, the Christmas is in huge countless songs. You'd love to, okay? Let's block us crazy. Jacket Christmas for me. We're not a credit card. Crazy. You'll barely tolerate these tunes from the Umbre, who's sold fewer records than the Cowsew. But the Franco family and Bobby Goldwell, Christmas traitors like the fuel truck song. Well, that's no comment down. May that be who trucks in the round. May I use the call again? There's nothing like the L stone stone when you're only five years old. Little take a little joy. Off you are, Hobbodays. Call now for cowboy dig. Christmas is a... Let's cowboy dig. Put the X in your Xperia. 17 till noon at 560 WQA. By the way, my watch died according to three this morning. And that was an omen. Look at that stone right now. Do we have a call on the board? No. That was an omen. I should have just rolled over and gone. I was 16 in the morning, but my watch said according to three. Now ordinary that might not shake the hell out of anybody. But it's a sake of kinetic titanium watch. That's supposed to last for a lifetime. It's one of those that it puts the emotion in your... Whatever that thing is. Yeah. And with the motion of your wrist, of your lympharist, that's what keeps grinding the watch. And it's supposed to last forever. I've had this for about three years or so. It's a great watch. Probably the best watch I ever had. It died. Now we set it right at the moment. It's only about two, three minutes slow. And it kind of like skips along couple of seconds here. A couple of seconds there. It's like sealed her medically. You could stick this in a bathtub for five years. And it's still what the his dry is a bone. And that's it. I've been an omen to me, man. When a watch stopped at the time, his stood still here in this time. Here's our only call on it's from Orlando. And it's on the wrong line too. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I love you Neil. Yeah. I miss you. I get around. I'm tired. I miss the days when people used to call their show, you know what? Really? Is that bad? It's you're the only call I got. I've got 400 lines. And they're all actually working today. And you're your, you're my only caller. And you know the thing that's been going to do. I don't know the crap here anymore. I drove from Tampa to four miles. So I could get one of your CDs when I was working over there. I really liked that. And I really enjoyed it. I was about two weeks ago. I was in down there. And I heard some about these key chains. Are there any of those left? Yeah. I'm going to deal with those eight minutes of the left. Oh, there are. Yeah. Do I have to go center one? Right. If they're called center one or he can order off our website. Neil Rogers.com. If you have a website, and you'll learn how to come. I'll do that sir. I have two real quick quick request. Anything you want that'll kill some time because it's not all. These people are through speaking to me. Yeah. You're playing here. This audience is through speaking to me. It's beginning worse and worse and worse. You're playing for the last five or six weeks. It's like there's a message there. You know. Well, I heard you want to speak to me, because I'm going to go show up every day. I'll take the chance. I need the money. Okay. I'm just going to keep showing up on what they want to call or not. Neil, I've been listening to you since I went to Miramar High School horticulture. There are people been listening to me and in this town since they were five years old and they're over 100 now and this is what they are. They're brutal. They're impossible. I can't believe it. I mean, you're your god. How could people be that destroy by standing on? Nothing to say. have nothing to say and then when they do have something to say it's a pile of crap anyway like yesterday with all the misinformation and all the belly aching about world it can't get to e-speed and you know what's best feed this that's what I say feed this alright well my request is is big black guy in Ben okay and maybe you're joined oh maybe you're three okay okay pal thanks Neil have a good day God bless you man you too there's a guy in Orlando he care he misses me he cares enough about me these people in day and brown you're the problem they're the goddamn chigorina woodbile you're the sparks chigorina woodbile is that a name Arnold sparks chigor kind of a name is that sparks nigger who the hell are you kidna on old hot you moron you've got them steroid ridden piece of turd would have silly little bitchy white the big it's so famous because she's one of the canadies that's right Maria Shriver canadies that's what I say to you Maria okay you silly little uh chinole's bitch I hear she plays a mean chin ball though that's what I hear come on let's get every line on this board little up here to make Neil feel a little bit better about life you miserable heartless bastards God it's getting worse and worse I didn't need I used to leave here every day to a clock you know who cares used to walk out to the or even even working for these people you to walk out to the door too and just say I'll take the money thank you that's it now I walk out of here and I'm talking to myself I noticed George the last six months he sits in the retox to himself well seriously there are times I think he's talking to somebody on the phone and then I look at I realize that the people on the phone are all on hold or there's nobody on the phone he's talking to himself am I right what you said exactly he's sitting in there you don't have time to hear what I'm saying he's talking to himself because that's what this audience will make you do kind of line seven to it by the way there's one that's not lit up and it's working too I'm not moving an inch until I've got damn line rings until somebody's on hold and that line that's how I sit and look at that as soon as I mentioned that somebody else drops off that's my message to you okay whatever just dropped off on to oh God damn mech truck runs your ass right off the road in the next 30 seconds or less five six seven oh see this is what it's come to can't even get nine singing even on a day when they work I take back what I said before okay it really doesn't make any difference whether our phone lines working out because we don't have any colors anyway the art of those those that's pass a it's old it's old hat they want somebody to come in here who's going to get up on the table do it all soft you like they do at the macaroni grill they want some old Jew to come in here and do a guy damn soft you on the table that's right get up on the counter my beer feet and do a guy damn old soft you or hard you hard you God that's what they want pass you that's that's the American F in way baby passes entertain me put on an act for me make me at that tickle my belly make me laugh stick your finger in my back make my temperature you know stuff like that and you know what I say no no and look at that line it just dropped out just dropped out soon as I had online lines just just momentarily there line a drop out that's you to okay I hope I hope that your condition is wind up turning it's toad jam yeah I hope I hope it winds up with goddamn coke bottle or stuff in his pizza okay did yesterday sorry Brad that was delicious it was great but I had like a little little bottle cap in there one of the slices of pizza waffle that's what I know something I'm gonna go out right now we got all the lines little up but I'm not gonna talk I'm gonna go right now in my beer feet out in the hall I'm gonna slip and fall on the mess on it's what they got out there in the hallway soon for about 10 million see yeah of course all the kind of five six seven over five sixty upon five sixty on the 18 T wireless line here's a mobile and pombie chill out hey how you doing now okay sure you always do a pretty good job at the tip of my tummy do I don't have a whole lot of the favorite I was kind of I'm very funny that really isn't Arnold's last name huh oh yeah sure do you know if you know anybody whose last name is nigger hey it's great that's funny but isn't a little redundant black nigger I mean isn't that like repetitious not only actually insulting yeah that's very repetitious but I never even I never never even occurred to me until I deterged you say it about my life it would be like France watch keeps from you know I mean it's a little about the dishes all right you will anyway I didn't have much to say this one to call you and let me know you'll better probably we have we have a lot of people that are out here less than we don't always call but we're less than okay pal had a row head see you boy boy five six seven oh five oh five sixty five five sixty on the 18 to we got a retrain this audience guy damn it whatever we got left of it the research shows we got oh that's right this the trend comes out tomorrow that'll be that'll be the last stake in the heart just like when he stuck Dracula through the thing tomorrow be the last stake in our hearts on this show we went to his yeah but she never done well on the two share which ought to be good because then we won't be able to sell all those spots and probably like one three or four minutes an hour and it will have time to beg for calls more look at that one low-pandline there I'm not taking a call unless every line is lit that's that's the new deal on this show I want to see every god day I want to see those lines foaming like you mean it like you mean it like the old days I want to see people are one of the hang on more than like four forty second like an iodine when we worked on our real radio station where we had real talk shows on and not just a bunch of sports there's what's the odds on a heat game that I the papers got the line wrong what's the odds before Jesus Christ they like guys not like that on weekdays they're letting them out walking around on the loose what's the spread in the goddamn heat can spread this pal back to him here's a mobile in my any hello yes sir speaking are you doing first time long time all right like talk to you about the lovely city events to them yes just got back in town Monday was there for thanksgiving a couple of days and went to London oh how's that I was looking for you there I was asking where's Neil at because I was someone that told me that you were there I believe last week yeah but I didn't see it no I wasn't hiding you were hiding I was busy I was real busy all week busy in the in the coffee shop no elsewhere oh yeah real busy with it when the casinos yeah that's a that's a beautiful thing is it yeah so I'll come out come you know that Amsterdam has such liberal laws within oh all right let's hear it for him right yeah he says F the American way that's what he said when I play that's the American yeah he says well F the American way that's the right attitude pal that's what I say F the American way let's get there a lot of here baby let's go to a place where I'm in our men and moving our thinking about them okay God damn police state all you fascists out there with your little uniforms and your little tiny penis even a women cops out there with a little tiny penis who you can sit and under the goddamn bushes waving their little radar gun oh they're really doing a job they're protecting the public what am I gonna do about my dead once by the way I get a call about my watch about my talk kinetic this watch is a post-alait forever read fun wake up at 615 in the morning my watch is according to three my lifetime kinetic watch my and and you know something people who spend a lot of my I think this watch was about 300 something like that 350 that's a lot that's enough money to pay for good watch people have by like a Rolex pretend grand you know what you say about those people there's one word well there's several words but plastic plastic assholes materialistic desperate plastic assholes with little teeny tiny egos and even smaller penises go on everybody to think they're a big shot why do you why does anybody need a $10,000 watch you know something you could have a Mickey Mouse watch and if it's $215 on a Mickey Mouse watch it still says $215 on a $10,000 Rolex how do you like that apples huh yeah but not after five years you might lose 30 seconds it might reset your Mickey Mouse watch I think I got a Mickey Mouse watch piece of crap and I thought this was the greatest watch I ever had a psycho titanium kinetic frenetic watch here's four myers hello thank you yes sir thank you God speaking we we love you here and uh for myers I'm the only guy dancing you got going over there and four myers what I want to tell you right now we don't want you to blow a gasket yeah we love you because we don't blow your gasket don't blow your gasket right in the net too or know you both yeah don't give up that's kind of that's just call you up and this is a message to stop us for the get up your ass and call Neil God okay you have one of the day bye come down okay come down put it away they're dangerous so that are in the west coast I tell you they're getting real nervous see over here they don't care because I'm old news but over there in the west coast four myers and were they're very very repressed even more said than over here were they said that religious programming on their eight million hours a day and at horseball station we got over there were the abyssey thing all right take them away again that's the only it's the only voice anything that we got even voice of sanity insanity we don't care it's all we got you got it pal long as I'm around you'll have a voice in four myers forget about these people over here because like I said I've been on here two goddamn long I'm old news I'm old hat I'm like a comfortable little shoe but of course it'll shoot you stuff it over in the corner and the dog starts chewing on it that's me chew on this what's that out of town number I'm glad you asked Neil give it fast because we got a lot of spots to get in here 877 785 6345 877 suck Neil well that's what it is and the guy is right I'm very proud of him that he figured that up that's somebody else picked that two by the way I didn't pick that up hello it sounds interesting I just built it for you two a m dot com for all the latest dolphins information about it when great price can you repeat the broadcast for radio five signal the new way car theft is on the rocks in America a car is stolen every 12 seconds what can you do to protect your car an expensive car alarms system won't protect your car from being stolen the club won't protect the valuables inside your car but a big black guy named Ben Chan you'd a word from the car mother for less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you'd pay for the club you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile you'd a word from the car mother it's simple to use just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out and he does the rest whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them you'd a word from the car mother for less than to these testimonials from people who use of big black guy named Ben it's always nice to have someone to ride with although he really doesn't say much just you'd a word from the car mother for that's about it I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with it got him to protect my car this is the best investment I've ever made my name is it isn't that great there have been a lot of car tests I can't tell you how many times I've heard you're the word from the car mother for the knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car less than you sleep better as I call now 1 800 1 big guy that's 1 800 1 the IG GUI and instead of hearing this you'll hear this you're the word from the car mother 1202 at 560 W2 and by the way objective for us ever tells you you wish you can just go yeah he's definitely a guy he is I mean what is that restaurant day what is that with a nice Italian first name and it's like a restaurant day with an eye what is that the beef hole only a guy would say that I'm pretty much going on a fast until I get all these lines lit up oh there here's Miami hello yeah how are you okay what's up with center one meaning I ordered two key chains they charged my credit card November 1 and I still have a receipt it well I call my credit company yesterday and told them to take that out so I guess it's key change and I've left 12 messages at 10 or 1 and nobody calls me back I mean like that it's bogus I just I don't know what to say I mean this is the position that they lead me in and of course Norma Kent my good friend in the turn he was sits on the border director's Mr. Big shop with center one I had another conversation with him about yesterday all they're having a meeting five o'clock tomorrow meanwhile today is the first of these sembers they got allowed these 60 grand we brazed this year we did 150 grand last year but because Carol and a couple other people over there to got their finger on each other record whatever they're doing over there I'm doing the best I can exactly I can only fight the world for so long you know what I'm saying these key chains if we had them in all the goddamn spectators like we ought to and a bunch of other locations we could raise a hundred grand just then a goddamn key giant I want to specs about the you tape and the city and of course the key chains are the kind of thing we'll sell a million more if people could go and look at you understand it's right those things yeah it had to have your hands on it to buy it all right you know in hell good looks okay all right there you go let's kill ourselves come on first I watch unbelievable yeah there's another one let's see don't remember fourth she said today's only a December first it's only a month later come on Carol get off your ass okay stop with the excuses Carol we hate you like poison and by the way we know you're opposed for a picture with OJ bitch yeah that's right bitch in fact I'll go or step beyond that that's fucking bitch there you go thanks Lee 560 5050 50 here you're trying to do a job you got the radio station when I left up golf term with the OJ crap you got raw looking his finger in it scranched thickener god damn dig knows in it you got Greg Reed's dick in his finger in it making gutter will sound go on yeah running around telling me you owe somebody what the OJ related expenses and by the way by the way not only do I have to fight that but I'm looking on the list at Carol facts me on Monday morning of the revenues we've taken in for a center one this year so far 60,645 as the end of last week plus the question marked for two weeks ago specs which I don't understand do I see the $2,500 in that golf term and on his list no anywhere no no now you don't mean to tell me that they still haven't paid them the $2,500 bucks for the golf term I don't see it on his list here I don't see it on the list it was supposed to be like 30 to 45 days after the term which was September 24 and here it is like October no about two months plus uh later and last time I checked two months is 60 some days 60 or 61 so you know here I'm sitting in the middle I got to fight everybody I got to fight the audience I got to fight Carol I got to fight the engineers here who are not existing I got to fight Greg Green who of course has got a bigger face to fry he's got more important things like ball games to worry about then it's top right at show they're in a midday like getting a real goddamn phone system which by the way it works today the pair of words yeah first day in months that it's worked am I right this is the first day in recent memory that I mean it completely worked like like no glitches so far so far here's candle hello yes sir I love your show I listen to you a lot and I probably have entitled a food stance because I listen to what I'm driving and I don't have a cellular phone okay but I I I I I I I like this I bought direct TV I installed it myself almost a year ago love it I have we I have 4 TV I have 3 receivers for 2 TV's on one receiver and they're close together and not a problem right but I have a question and I don't know if you know the answer to it like you're going when we get local channels on it well it won't be something like 69 and 33 and not in the beginning at the beginning you're only get the ABC NBC CBS in Fox just those four four six seven and 10 well you say in the beginning you think they're you're level the law is that by the year 2002 which is two years down a row but by 2002 they have to have every channel on in the market any markets that they're carrying any channels so I'm assuming that it's going to be a progressive thing over the period of time they'll be adding more and more local channels okay because I I love in candle and a really signal on an antenna is terrible yeah but who wants to see that? no the heat leave it in the mountains oh like I said yeah I want to see it right I I I I personally more like it okay pal I hang in there yeah right okay there's a guy that actually knows something about the small dish go out to the store right now buy a small dish get a few neighbor for the goddamn holidays for Christ's sake stop in such a bunch of of stone age monkeys out there will you please try to turn people on to something great something with a fantastic what it would this we got right here oh god it didn't sink in it off oh I think I have to mic just spun around like Linda Blur's hand it did all by itself because instinct was on there that must be one of Gary's son as a counselor that instinct was it's stool pigeon here's candle hello hey Neah how do you know okay I got a couple quick things and then one change gears for second yes sir that lady with keychain called come call back I would the same thing off the internet I got mine like two weeks later oh awesome how do you like them by the way oh it is great everybody everybody who whatever see one of these would want at least to have it doesn't immediately but the problem is we just can't get him into a you know into a place I know I tell you what you need to do about the twenty five hundred dollars call O.J. in asking right to check this in one oh I got the money and I think they got about as much chance to get him from him as they do from these people and I just like my first day off in a couple of weeks where I get to call you God bless me go they had the very jackson harass him the first team in the home ber well I shouldn't have an email about told him to grow up yeah he says we need a back thing everything you guys say the lie I should be ashamed of myself leaving you all right yeah I gave you something new to rip off okay thanks for the good news pal thank you have a great life okay very jackass these in the ass yeah we're making it up very right I listen to the end of one call Joe handed me the phone at morning and it was very honest it was hundred seventy five minutes I was saying that I have to take a bite yeah we just made it up very you simple then you little fat putwack and turd God the epitome of this town epitome just like that thing that's spot we got for the sun Sentinel the greatest in history where she says enough of the dolphins our day of Joseph talked to gentle green yeah told green light is in general then speaking of the dolphins our day of Joseph talked to gentle green came in it's past notice five fifty double you show Zamba knows the same score according to virtue of the questions Which night only fourth of you five twenty Q 8 night we sing again today I bet it's Randolph the Brown knows reindeer always Last day, why? That's how he got up around now. Following to close behind. All of the other reindeer love to make him combat me. They all would stop abruptly. And one of them would cause the cheese. One day, Randolph got better. He said this just makes. Find yourself a new couple. He gave them all a Christmas group. Santa and all the reindeer. They began to shout, I'm pleased. Randolph the Brown, those reindeer. You should try my topology. Okay, 2015 at 5.60 WCM. Thanks to my good post-brand Tracy Nealey. Who sends me a Luis Miguel Nada Ezekwal CD opener. I don't think I ever even saw CD opener before. Or you got one, okay? Mr. Hachon. I never saw. Thank you so much Tracy. And especially for my CD. You know the one I'm talking about? You know the one I'm talking about? The Enrique Wanderer. No, not the Enrique 1. What is the... What's your McCullot? The Schmalsy 1. Yeah, what's it called? Bravo Wallstarch. Now, very... Oh, I'm scared for George. His memory's coming back a little bit. Bravo Wallstarchs. One of the great records in this year mankind. Not as good as this other one though. Are they playing west life on Power 96 yet? No. See, Kid Curry, if you want to have another great discovery, I can give you what's going to be the biggest record in the history of the human race. But they don't want to play with you. Because the Kid Curry hasn't discovered it yet. Every time I give them another record, just like they had Bravo Wallstarchs, they put it on Power. Oh, here's another Kid Curry discovery. John gives them all that European news. They can only find all this great stuff. Let's try again to call it a black for example. Yo, listen up. Here's the story. For example. About a little guy. About a little 15. There's nothing to worry about. And all day and all night and everything he sees is just blue. Like him inside and outside. Blue his house. With the blue, blue, blue window. And a blue for red. And everything is blue for him. And his stuff. And everybody go round. Go, he got nobody. Who's a chance to win the championship? I'm moved out of the beat. I'm alive. I'm alive. I'm alive. I'm alive. I'm alive. I'm alive. I'm alive. I'm alive. I'm alive. Biggest record in the world. Are they playing that in Power? No. Of course it's no easy beat. I'm like one. Don't get mad. I didn't do so bad. I'm like one. I've got to be on the bottom of the door. This way. I forgot about my book. Oh, look at that. What did I just do? I ripped my finger. I ripped my thumb wide open on FCD opener. That thing is sharp. That'll put your finger in it. What's it? Look at that. I just, the razor blade in there. There is? Yeah. I don't think it opens the CD. Jesus Christ, Tracy. My thumb is like a slitting too spot. Would you like a adhesive bandage? No, I would not. I'm just going to sit here and suck it. And my thumb too. Oh, shit. It's a slid wide open. What kind of look at it? Look at the blood. All of my hand here. Mother, I'm bleeding over here. You crazy bitch. That freaking Tracy. Any of what's wrong with her. Send me a sharp object. Don't you know they don't trust me. Especially during the show with sharp objects. You crazy woman? Look at that. The blood is just pouring. I got two. See, look at that. Stop. No. Let's get out of the video. Let's get out of the video. You got them on the floor. I'm on the floor. Yeah, that's Tracy. She's got a correct sense of humor. She'll leave you in stitches. Bitch. There's a razor blade in this thing. Yeah. How nice of course. You can't do it. Huh? Of course you can't see it. And you can't cut yourself on it. Let's you really try. Well, I tried. God. Damn that hurts. It's like a paper cut. Only two of them right there on the end of my thumb. God, you crazy person. Tracy. Bitch. Here's a mobile in Marguer. Hello. Hi, Nail. I'm bleeding over here. Take a mile. You'll be all right. Okay. Anyway. I don't know if you touched on this issue at all, but seems to, I look in the paper, you know, this kid from Cuba who came up. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Not talking about Cuba. I'm not talking about Castro. I'm not talking about little kids. I'm not talking about both people who drowned. I'm not talking about the sound. Didn't drown. That he wants him back. I'm not talking about it. We are drowning in a sea of Cuban direct. Okay. And I am one person who's, maybe I'm the only one on this town. I will resist it. I will resist. I'm sick of it. I've had 20 goddamn years of this crap. Every time somebody starts over there, you've got a whole big song to dance in this community. You'll worry about it. Okay. I'm not going to worry about it. I'm going to worry about American people. I'm going to worry about what I see if they find those person who shot in kill those three kids. Hollywood. That's what we ought to be worried about. Cuba, Cuba, Cuba, Cuba. Cuba, Cuba. Take Cuba and stick it up your ass. Okay. Take Israel and stick it up your ass. Take all those places. Now the civilized places like Holland. The Netherlands, like the kids is before. You know, F.D. American way. See, that's what happens to people when they go to a place that civilized. Where you really have freedom and where people know how to have a good time. And where everybody's got a big smile on their posts. They say F.D. American way, man. It sucks. And he's right. Okay. Starting the slack off, but he's full. It's pretty bad now. 5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's seven. Hello. Jesus, gentlemen. Joseph. Yes, sir. That's that human thing. That's the news over here too. Over here. The dolphins. Our day of Joseph talked to gentle green. Yeah. There you go. Mental green. That's classic. You jump it up and down like a like a Mexican jumping being over there. No, they did till I sliced my thumb off. Yeah. You're psychotic these days. Oh, hey, you need to get back with what was it? S.U.N. used to be on over here. No thanks. With fat blob. No thanks. We still got that fat. Yeah, good. Better you than us. We got we got still after that now. Right. You got you got still over there. Yeah. I did. Uh-huh. That's outstanding stuff. Sorry. Sorry. I can be a born. You were, you know, like, no, but why are you? You're a little bit late every time. So I'm not at all, but every time somebody calls from over there. We got to hear about Bob last year. Isn't there more in your life than radio people? I mean, isn't there something more than that? Yes, right. You're in this. I'm going to laugh for God. Hey, come on now. Well, there is. But you know, I'm talking to a radio person. But I don't see that's the thing. My life doesn't revolve around radio. This is a job. This is a job. Do I listen to radio when I'm out of here? No. No. All right. I didn't call me a lesson. There you go. Have a nice life. And back to you. She's. Don't you? Doesn't your life revolve around radio? No. What the hell am I going to listen to? What's the point? I need to hear Margaret again. No. No. I really don't. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line and toll free 877 suck kneel. Right? That's as you can. Well, that's it. That's it. That's the only way I can get it across. The guy was right. Sock this with a K. Jesus Christ. Look at that thumb. I could squeeze you again a little whole bunch of blood. Roll out of it. If you also iconic, would you like some mature clothes? I would not like mixture of crumb. You're a little pussy. It's not kind of. I've already looked it and sucked it and dittled with it. And my thumb too. Okay. I don't have any. I just like same mature. No. I would not like to think you're a mature or a crumb. I don't know if you're merrily number curier, or whatever the Howard name was. I don't want that crap. Maybe think you're of iodine. Maybe just get some of shellfish in here. That's good. That's good. A lot of iodine. And just share my hand with it with the shrimp. Just share my thumb on it. Here's Voka. Hello. Voka is gone. Oh, you still there? Hello. I don't know. Okay, sir. Hey. That's against big lives then. But the family older is kind of aging. There's so much more effective deaths to turn the advice. This is my part of time. Anyway, when you were talking about cops, my mom's a cop. And she's out there been brown beating for 10 years on the job. Because you were brown, 18 for 10 years? No. She's been brown beating. Oh, I see. She's been red and I take a shit on her and a bush. She was real police who were financially care about the job and people. And the powers of abuse that were sitting in the gunshots. And the gunshots. Right. So, call superiors. It's trying to get rid of her for 10 years. And she's going to put her retirement now. And I've got an under internal investigation. Internal investigation for what? Because for not brown-nosing enough? Yeah. Okay. Well, I'd like to ask you a question. Good luck to where it goes to show you that it's keeping nose in the right place. Correct. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's San Diego. Hello. When is he? Hey, how you doing Neil? Pretty good, sir. Good. All right. Listen to your show on the internet out in California every day. All right. Got a couple of things I want to discuss with you. Go ahead. How to carry off at a Neil op. You know how many people listen on the internet as opposed to people down in Florida. Do you have any clue? 6. Are we? 6. Come on. We have 10 people listening in Florida. 6 on the internet. No, come on. Seriously. Do you really know our dollars are already on the internet? No. How can you tell? Because there's like 10,000 stations on the internet, but your show is the only thing that's unique and exciting. Right. And so the other stuff is all like the same little thing. Well, a crap, right. It's the same. You hear on the radio. The other thing I was going to mention is I used to live in South Florida. So I was a fan of years ago when I lived back there. But I moved out of Boka. Now I live in San Diego. And I just wanted to tell you if you ever get tired of all the yentas and all that. People are stretching and floored in all this Florida mentality to get talk about. Come out of the California. It's a lot nicer people. I'm in the California. I've never been to San Diego though. San Diego is a beautiful city. It's nice weather. We don't have the humidity. We don't have to have air conditioning in the summertime. It's not like publics. When you go to the supermarket here, they smile. They don't. They don't push the card in you and crutch at you everywhere you go. And it's a really nice place. So I'm over at Amsterdam in about a week. I think is what I'm going to do. I'm going to get there a lot of this police thing. Well, I don't blame you. I've been there years ago. And Amsterdam is great. Just don't let all your money go up and smoke if you know what I mean. No. Hey. Keep up the good work. Thanks. I love your show. Okay. Thanks. Don't smoke. I'm getting sick and terribly. God damn crazy. Carre Nation people. Oh, here you go. Where's that article? Oh, by the way. Can you believe that Greg Co. Actually, my last was away. He must have done the casino. I was on vacation. Had a good article. What's my favorite friend Keith Smith sent me in a mail? This is from Friday, November 26th. Who said the NFL is a democracy rights credit code text? And he's got a whole little blurb in here about Mark Carrier and Lee Were Hard and Lawrence Phillips. Who got cut from the 49ers by the way for that. I'll ask all out there. And Charles Woodson and the Bronco fans in Leonard Little and Ray Carruth. The course who, uh, and all other good stuff. Nice. Well, and there's red code text. Of course I said all that stuff years ago. Just like the guys who wrote that great book, Frozen Cons that I've been telling on this radio station. But unfortunately most of the Jacksonford's on the station won't talk about because it's bad for business. Bad for business to tell us truth. It's just like religion. Same thing with sports, which is a religion to some of these nerds. It's bad to tell the truth. It's bad for business. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line 1226, QA. Oh, a lot. Oh, you're so big. I'm going to go ahead. Just a little bit. I'm going to put my head between my leg and tray and film it. I'll be holding it in the box piece to go and a diamond press the places. I've been to my desk piece of honor. Oh, praise honor. I'm sorry, I should eat just now. I'm sorry, I'm like an Egyptian guy. Hey everybody, look at the flying coast like a Kennedy. Put that two guys and I stick to our covering in through the drink. I can use a mask everywhere. Oh, it's a hit. I'm sorry, I'm going to get going. I'm flying like a little bit. Hi. Everybody hold your breath. Here we go. I'm a little bit so much of a big excuse. I've smoked my 40th VMA. I'm here today to go down to the students. I'm going to get you to the team to wear a craft. That is not the topic. It's not the at all. Oh, my God, I figured that's it. I'm saying that they're going to spend all that money to bring up a whole bunch of craft to remain because we don't want to piss off the Egyptians. But even after they bring it all up, they said, we already know what happened because we heard the voice recorder. But we just got to do it to make it look good. And millions and millions and millions of somebody's dollars to bring all the remains of from out there and piece it all back together again and try to put the, you know, things back together again, all the King's horses and all the King's men and hump you dumping in the plain and all that crap. And in the meantime, we already know what will happen. But we don't want to piss off the Egyptians. We don't want to ruffle their feathers. 567.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the lady in highly a garden. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I'm not from here. So I only get to listen to you in the wintertime. I'll be damned. So, you and my boyfriend are down here, working. We enjoy listening to you show every day. Great. So, where you from? We're from Portland, Oregon. Oh, Portland, I mean, you come all the way down here. Yep. So, highly a garden. Yeah, can you believe that? To do what? We race greyhounds. Oh. We got 50 greyhounds, but I get a take care of that. You're not gasing any of the ones that are kind of slow are you? Oh, no. They get to have homes. They're pet. I have what? I'm serious. I believe you. I have one. But I got a little bit skeptical when I went. Yeah. Yeah, I believe you. Yeah. I have a pet. He's a dog. Yeah. What about the other 49? Well, they're really good dogs. We're one of the better kind of. Aren't they high-strong, though, greyhounds? No, there's some calm ones, some some are high-strong. But they're all different. They're just like, cool. Yeah, but they're some, there's some calm, there's some of the bigger printers, too. I just never met one. Yeah. You want to swap a greyhound for miniature printer? No. No. He's a big greyhound. He's a real good shape. And you want to drop some little bombs? No, my dog's 75 pounds. Okay, so we don't have it right time. Okay. See ya. Bye. I'm trying to make a little dealer. Then work out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Why will slime come meet George Rodriguez this Saturday from noon until 2 at the prime coast door? We finally got the information. Here it's Wednesday, and of course it's right in the middle of the holidays when everybody's real busy. But nevertheless, maybe somebody will show up. 1996 North Federal Highway from noon to 2. There'll be plenty of giveaways. And you'll also be able to buy the best of the immersion dice for center one. We'll have the key change there. How do you like that? Oh, yeah. You also going to have to eat and cassette? Yeah. And T-shirt? So that's crappy. Yeah. There's a whole bunch of stuff. So there you go. There's a good excuse to go out there and pretend you want to see George. No one to do this Saturday at Prime Co. 1996 North Federal Highway. Which is where? Where is that? Hollywood? No idea. Probably Hollywood. You have no idea? They're invented that one. Well, I mean, isn't somebody going to tell us? I want to look for the nephew to see if he knew it was like, you know, an intersection where it was. Yeah. And he wasn't there. Oh. What about a half an hour today? He ain't feeling too good, you know? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line Hank Goldberg. We're going to hear a studio with two this afternoon. Whoop, Shombie. We're going to squeeze his fat ass in there six o'clock tonight. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Before you went on vacation, you read an article on bipedemic Williams about it was how THC pills were being easier to get for medical purposes. Uh-huh. Have you ever read a book of this called Ain't Nobody's Business If You Do? Oh, yes, it's a matter of fact. I just wanted to mention that. We talked about that on the ear. Oh, yeah. I didn't hear him. I'm sorry. But I wanted to say that my degree was after American way because it's like if you can have freedom of religion, as long as the huge religion makes millions of dollars. And but if you have a religion with 10 people in it. Or freedom of guns are some of weapons. Make blood and kill as many people as you want. That's okay. So, we have a government agency. I want you to stop and think about how mind-boggling this is. We have a government agency to tell us what words we can say and radio and television. Have you ever heard of anything so ridiculous and repressive in your life? Never. Words. It's a thing that they tits on a radio. How do you like that? You just said it. No. Do I say it? No, I don't think so. But yeah. I thought I just wanted to bring that out. You know, no one ever seems to. I'm sorry, static over that young guy who was over there. He said he was an Amsterdam at a great time. And when I said the he asked why it's not like that here. And I said it's you American F and why you said F the American only said it. It was great. Right on, brother. Yeah. And I just wanted to say over 50% of the prison population is in undrogged related charges. And they didn't hurt you or your property. And most of the people who ought to be in prison, which is the politicians. They're running around loose spending our money. Exactly. God bless us sir. Thanks. I'll see you. Okay. Good caution for Myers lately. 560. There must be some living in breathing people over there. Don't forget you can get the best in the LCDs and cassette at the special four Myers. And also in Naples at the is it coconut? Is that the name of that store? Okay. Suffer. Well, I thought the last call was pretty good. George said it was kind of born. Now he was good. 567. Come on. Let's get all these like we had a moment of greatness there for about a half an hour. So it was I was squeezing myself. Or was that just a blood coming out of my thumb. Nice going Tracy. How am I supposed to know? I thought everybody. I thought we had these things for years all around the rest of the place. Gloria as to fund Santa Cisland. I wouldn't touch anything that is from Gloria as to fund with your hand. Okay, Mr. But we're all. That's the. This is disgusting. Yeah. You know, that's the match made in heaven is in stink and Gloria as to fund. Isn't that great that they made a record together? Yeah. What I've actually made. I've made a record together. Who didn't in stink? Good. Because instinctively you would have known. Not to touch it. Unfortunately, I didn't know because it was Luis Miguel. I thought, hey, touch away, baby. I asked the K. Old Metus. Well, it's a good thing we didn't touch anybody's Metus with this. Woo. Oh, this must be a thing that's side to side. If you just do it, it's a CD opener and. And bris. Doer. Yeah. A circumcising tool, if I can say that. Man. Just a blood is just gushing out of my thumb. And you're such a you're like one step away from Adam, you know, and from God. I don't care. Oh, you're all care. I thought my head like a little blood on my nose at the time. That was bloody. That's different. That's a gross fact. You said it was gross, but it's not. God, Dennis. I'd be like, well, these cool. The faggot and I've doesn't bother me a little bit of blood. I've heard about the blood. Yeah. But I don't know why to me, but blood is not. How do you know what to say? How do you know what to say? I didn't spritz the microphone when I did those shows. It's not a fine. Yeah. It's not like that. Look at this. I'm spritzing some of the blood on the microphone. Just to be sure. Next time you do the show. Better bring in that candle. I saw spray. Barrow it from Hank by the way. You know, the big candle. I saw spray that he was going to have in the building. When I was coming to work here, he got over that. He was a little bit concerned about sitting on the same toilet scene. That's okay. Hank, I don't take a dump in that. And that places a toilet. In fact, you can go out there and take a dump in a hallway. Nobody would notice the difference. That's a, you people like I said, I wish we could have a guided tour. We could raise a ton of money for a center one. If we could just give guided tours of the third floor of this building. You wouldn't believe it. You'd say, always think he just put in the shot. You have never in your life seen such a slobinly, grow tisc. You know, something you won't find any bugs. You want to know why they wouldn't move in here. This is not the right and festin roach in festivals. I can't use to say about the Hollywood joint on Sheridan Street. No, they wouldn't move in. This will be slumming for them. The roaches wouldn't even consider moving in this building. Nice elevator, though. Why do we spin off an elevator inspector, you know? What was his name, Gonzalez? Oh, and we don't see you. Am I good friend? Watch his name at Waldenio. Since I talked about him on the air, do we see him? He vanished. Jacob? No. Gina, I got an extra ticket for that hockey game this Saturday for the Washington Panther game Saturday. Maybe Jacob would like to go, huh? Yeah, oh, I just kissed that body spot on the microphone. Look at that. Oh, dude. Wake up. Look for first team. No, no, no, no. Jeff the forest. Steve Goldstein. No, we see mornings and sex. Only on sports radio, 5.60, you a half. It is so hard. I've been just King Finch Holy Seas. I've been a champion with Jeffy in the world. Lennox, take a dive, Lennox. Oh, where are I don't think so? I've been a champion. I will not be a previous. I will not go home without my strike cocaine. I've been a champion. I've been a queen. I've been a champion. I've been a champion. I've been a warrior. I've been a warrior. I've been a warrior. I've been a warrior. This is cool. I've been a champion. Don't you know? It's a great show. I've been 13 fish holes for you versus Lennox take a dive on the sport. The heavyweight champion trip of the world. This Saturday night. Live on pay to you. $50 a cup of coffee. Call your cable company moron. $5.46. $5.50 a cup of coffee. My god, good news. It bad news. First of all, it's from your good friend Bob Lincoln. So you know what's going to be. Mostly bad news. For anybody that wants to go to Amsterdam for the Christmas week between New Year's Eve and our Christmas Eve in New Year's Day. Want to live dangerously. Wait till you hear this deal. Even you could afford to go $199 bucks round trip. Coach, of course. But nevertheless, the party December 24th return on January 1st 2000. $199 bucks round trip. Miami or Orlando to Amsterdam. The bad news is that when fine credit says, look no later than November 30, 1999. Wasn't yesterday in November 30? Uh-huh. Yeah. Nice going, Bob Lincoln. Send me this like after the fact. After the goddamn fact. Here's a call in Hollywood. Hello. Hey, I hope it isn't each of the other that's given away that deal. No. Martin's scared. Hey, Uncle Leo, I took you advice a long time ago. I'm going to go one of the small dishes. Yeah. And anybody that doesn't have one now. Gotta be nuts. Is this smart? I don't know what's wrong with these people, man. It's a day. You're talking like a foreign language to them. Yeah, I didn't even bother. I mean, you know, I can understand people that live like in certain kinds of apartments or you know, whatever that can't get one. I appreciate that. But the majority of people can probably go out and get one, even if they live in an apartment and they're still sitting there with prisoners of their cable company. They're more on. Yeah, if you can't get one, you can't. But as far as the cable company was concerned, man, they would try to sell me everything. Basically, cable fist, fat and the other thing. Not only got, did you hear that they would come and go, I had Comcast at the time. Yeah. And they were on the radio break and that they were going to come out with digital service. For another 9.95 a month, so you get more of nothing. It was joking. Did you hear that? Yeah. Yeah. Did you ever see that they're digital pictures? No. They suck. They suck. I mean, when you got satellite, it's like watching a home video. First of all, first of all, what people don't understand is that when you get anything from the cable, they're retransmitting. Sure. They're retransmitting it from the same satellite that you're getting it directly from when you have the dish. Yeah. And then when their cables go out or if they got a bug up their thing, you don't have cable. It's a matter of fact during the hurricane. Like satellite went down for 10 minutes. Right. It came back up with all the storm and everything. Everybody else was cable was out. For hours. For hours. For hours. For a couple of more hours. And I'm sitting there watching away. There you go. And all I did was get out by the way. Here's a little ad if anybody wants one of Brands Marta selling an RCA power antenna. If you want to pick up your local stations for like 29 bucks. And I just stuck it on top of my TV. It cranks it up. You get pretty decent picture out of it. And that's it for your local stations. I mean, I don't watch local stations anymore anyway. But the difference in the picture. It's like going to the movies. I mean, it's incredibly sharp. And you're not held hot. It's by the table companies that when you try to get online. It's just there literally on hold, which is why I got a speaker phone and home. For a half hour, we can put them to say hello. And we can't get there for a week. Okay, Belle. Take care. Have a great day. What do you say? Oh, I'm looking at this fact. This is the best Miami radio hot topics of the tropics. Who is this from? This is unbelievable. The fourth annual achievement in radio awards recently outed. Miami for a lot of Dale radio professionals and raise more than 53 men for the March and Dimes. We didn't get all the winners in the categories. Best morning music show. Why 100? Best afternoon music show. Why 100? Best midday music show. Magic cafe. Best evening music show. Best night music show. Best night music show. WFDJ. Best non music daily show. WQAM for DFOs dead dog. Yeah, they submitted a tape. DFOs dead dog. Joe Rose, gift to force the group. Talent. Tom Ferrara. Don Brennan producer. Who's Tom Ferrara? Tom Ferrara. Oh, Tomi. Sorry, Tommy. Tommy's a Titan. Oh, yeah, what'd you think? I know he's out of this world. I thought he was like under turman's origin. We love you, Tommy. And donny B producer's name on your DFO's dead dog. One on the ward. I knew couldn't have been DFO himself. I've heard that show. 560550, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, this is the kind of crap that goes on in this town. A little claustrophot, uh, fast that they have over there. What do I say claustrophot? Do you even catch it? He's busy hockin' a tronic. Here's Volker. Hello. Volker. Yes, sir. Hey, are you in Dave's jet fan the same person? No. Because that's all you guys do. It's complain about stuff. Yeah, that might be a listen. Yeah, because it kind of entertaining. Okay, thank you. Because you're kind of entertaining. So all you do is complain about stuff. Yeah, just like I came on yesterday to went out to the world about the great news. A lot of the local channels being on the small dish. I don't just complain about stuff. If there's something to complain about, I'll complain about it. If there's something good going on, I'll tell you. And that's why you listen. Because it's the most guy that's interesting thing in your other bars. Put that a glyph and you know it. More on. Christ. He's an asshole. 560560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. And the World Famous Auto Town line, which has been sterly active today. Not spectacular. 877, suck Neil. S UK, any I. Here's the lighthouse point. Hello. Yeah, I. Yes, sir. First time caller. I've listened to you for years. I heard you mentioned that Egypt there. Yes, sir. Turn my radio on. Just my own two cents worth. When that pilot pushed the yo-go over and made that dive down a 19,000 feet. Just the engine off. Right. That's exactly what you do to perform an evasive maneuver. If you see a missile coming, if you get nom, it used to happen all the time. Yeah. If they heat-seeking missile, and the missile was probably trying to home in the engine. So that's why he cut the throttles back. So the missile wouldn't have anything to home in. So he got the 19,000 feet and then he started to climb back up. He didn't turn the engines back on. And that's when the second missile got him. And he pressed also convenient. He neglected to make that. That it made it two hours. But it was there for space before it went on. Sir, let me ask you this. How come if that's the case? How come when the pilot came back in? It would go to the bathroom and he came back in. How come he said, what's going on in here? And at the after-that there's evidence that the pilot was trying to do one thing. In other words, get the altitude back up. And the co-pilot was moving in the opposite direction. And they were working at opposite ends. Because they disagreed as to what kind of procedure to follow. There wasn't any co-coversation about following any procedure. Because the pilot was in the mentor. He didn't know what was going on. Exactly. Okay, he comes in and all of a sudden he finds the co-pilot. Having the plane in a dive with the engines off. And the pilot reacted. So Captain reacted that was he tried to pull the thing back out. And then when the co-pilot said, I've made my decision now. It's in the hands of God. Why do you say that? Because he would scared absolutely blankless when he saw that missile coming. And it's going to be interesting to see how they go about covering this up. When they stopped it Edwards, they took on 30 Egyptian officers who were being trained there. And who knows what in the cargo hole. And it looks to me like somebody didn't want those officers. And whatever else is aboard the plane, to reach Egypt. I mean, it's, I hate to break the news to you. But they're now finding something shady in the pilot, you know, the co-pilot's background. Which we haven't been told yet what it is. But there's something there. I don't think there's a bunch of you theory. I have a great day, Palin. Be sure and put that on the internet. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So we're all the conspiratorialists can start rubbing it together. And of course you know who he's going to say shot them down, right? You didn't let him get to the punch line. Wasn't it the trial-adural commission? Oh yeah. Or was it the illuminati? Who would that you use? 560, 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T line and the out of town line and the worldwide line were waiting on you baby. That guy in San Diego said there's 75 million people is the dollar would of worth. And we got a toll free line for you. They have anything to say? Oh no. Let's hear from the Arabs. Come on. 877, 785, 6345, 877, 785, Neil. Got it? No. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes sir. And what's going on? You're right about this town, screw it. I'm going to try to move to Atlanta. But I had a question. It's Warren Loan still will back up in Kansas City. 560, 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Coral Springs, hello. Neil? Yes sir. I don't know if you have any of the looks of being this morning. But I was on the phone with the Recti B where I was right. Regarding my bill and the man who's a manager told me that when the local stations go on, they're going automatically. You don't have to sign up for anything. How is that possible? Why would that be? If they're going to charge you 599 a month. You're going to put them on as a trial. Yeah. And if you don't like it, then you're going to have to say no when the charge starts. Oh I see. That's just what they said. So another way to come on spontaneous. We won the El Tunitana, and they'll tell you where they're going to and they'll be. Now this is one of the marriages that get all different stories. Right. I don't know why there would be different stories because it's already on in New York and LA. It's not like something they haven't started yet to leave. Oh, but the way they're going to get into it down here. Yeah. And the other thing people tell you how long they listen to you. I can remember the article of clothing that brought you down here from Palm Beach. I'm wondering how many people can do that. The article of clothing wasn't fixed. It was caught pieces. You showed up the next day after he was kicked off the air. He wasn't kicked off the air. Well, he was canned. Well, he had that at that time. And he was in the air in 23 years ago. They were talking about cottages and everything. And it was a different time for radio that. Yeah. He didn't get fired for that reason. He got fired because he had lousy ratings. He had no audience. You showed up the next day. Yeah, because they hired me. That's right. And I sat in there with him right. Yeah. So that's how long I listened to you. Well, God bless you, pal. Have a good day. So I can do it. 1256 at 5.50 WKOM. This is 560 UAF's dolphins football sports radio. 560's QA. And I got my head. Who's better day? I got the lighter. It's a wide area. It's deep inside. Despite what some newspapers said today. Yeah. Usually great things are just as long as you don't feel hot there. But please don't mention it till I give you a pay. Yeah. It's a quiet area. It's nobody's business. That's what they can stop available to buy. Yeah. We're going to the lake once it's up to the sea. Oh, please don't mention it. Till I give the green light. Yeah. I'm sorry. Anyway, it's a 101 and 5. Hey, listen to this everywhere. I mean, you just open up to microphone. Don't forget the backstage voice. This Sunday Monday December 5 and 6 sold out at the Macarena. 560 50 50 50 on the AT&T wireless funding. Can you bring Georgia birthday card to you? What does your birthday? Sunday. How do you like that? Georgia making a birthday appearance at the prime code. This Saturday noon to two. You can bring up a birthday card. You can get your radio Rogers key change in CDs and cassettes. And set the set of a prime code noon to two. In 1996 North Federal Highway in wherever it is. I'll be between Oakland and sunrise on the east side between Oakland and sunrise. Also this is in Broward. I mean, while I knew it was in Broward, but like somewhere between Oakland and sunrise on the east side. Georgia's you've set cash by the way. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Neo, how you doing? Pretty good. I heard the best in Neo on Friday. I tried to let you know yesterday, but I called for an hour and a half and couldn't get a hold of you. The coerca is the phones were all screwed up. I got a satellite on Friday. $50. $50. Yeah. They're good. $50. The basic satellite is only $20. Right. I'm getting the same thing I am. I'm getting $15 left. I'm getting 10 times the picture and you don't have to worry about going out every time I put you in the cut diarrhea. Yeah. You know, I'm going to sports guy. I'm going to get the football in the baseball package. Right. What else you suggest? What else do I suggest for what? So I get the hockey. I'm not a big hockey. So then don't get it. Well, shouldn't I try it? Well, what do you mean shouldn't you try it? If you're not a hockey, that would be like my getting the NBA package. Even though I wouldn't watch it. I mean, if you're not a hockey fan, well, I don't watch it before. I don't know much about it, but maybe, you know, maybe you'll get into it. That's right. Try it or like it. Okay. All right. Now you're the best. Okay. I'm a great day pal. There's a guy who's going to at least see there's an open minded guy. He's going to get the hockey package. And a lot of you other people might become hockey fans. If you actually saw it. If you actually saw a great game and exciting game. Besides the path is playing another girl's team for the 85th time in a row. Five six. Oh, that's right. I forgot the big black guy name Peter is coming back this weekend. There you go. Have a big crowd there for Washington because the big black guy name Peter is coming back. 567. 560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Just ran into Josh Friedman in the other room when I went out to take a leak during the last commercial break. Guess what he was doing. He's traveling to food down. Not just eating. You know, there are other people around the building at one time. They're eating lunch. He was shoveling it down his post. And he holds up a diet coke. With caffeine, by the way. And he stands up sideways like he's holding it in with a profile of make Algolstein look like a little a pution. Yeah, look like a midget. That's how fat he is. God, and here I thought I'd brought something back from the turtle with me when I walked by the door. I realized it was him. That's me like that. Here's my any. Hello. Yes, sir. Deal. Yes, I am. I just wanted to call Dr. About the gentleman they call from light hot light. I was point talking about the Egyptian Egyptian air. Yeah. And guy doesn't know what the hell. You're talking about the territorialist. Yeah. My God. I'm surprised he doesn't have his shaved drawn. He doesn't have him. He does. Wait for someone to knock his door down. That's right. Let me tell you. In fact, he's probably also on his way after midnight when it's real dark outside. You know, not so many people out there. He'll be at the ATM getting ready for his year. He's been there for a year and a half. Anybody who has any common sense or nose and anything about his commercial jet liners will tell you that the copilot committed hairy carry. Right. So just wanted to tell you guys. I don't know. He didn't speak good. It was because Harry's been dead for a year and a half. Exactly. Well, I just wanted to say that. Listen to show every so often. Do good job. Look out of the bed bell. Take care. They're waiting for you. Right. See you. Look out of the bed bell. Look out of the bed. Baby because the conspirator. You can. Yeah. He's. He's. It was that he's taking muscle. I got a heat chicken missile for you. 560. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Georgia's big birthday party this Saturday at Prime Co. From noon to two. Well, Mike is while making something big out of it. Oh, we're funny hat. Georgia where a funny hat. There'll be party favors. I bet you the I bet you the if you was surprised the holiday doesn't bring crap. I was going to say I was going to make a funny there and say I should be able to go to surprise you with a bunch of birthday stuff. Can't get a bring your crap. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Thank you. Thank you. I had for nearly two decades of listening. And I think I finally figured out that I have something to contribute. Really? I'm a pool man and I can help you keep bugs and cones out of your pool. I don't want no cones in my pool. If I tell a cliff state, how lot of there? You have to understand them. They like to wash their food. So the trick with the cones is to barricade the steps so that they can't sit on the top step. Wash their food. Eat their food and make a mess. You mean like wash off the watermelon before you start carving you know what? I don't have any cones in my yard. If you don't have cones in your pool, count yourself lucky. This is the main that the pool man takes just a minute. You come through a beautiful clean pool. I'm going to put more in my pool and my life. I'm just getting down the steps. Also frogs. Prongs yes. Move those. Well, any of them. Put a little beer out. Yeah. You can hide it. Oh no. Just a saucer of beer. Yeah. And my dogs will leave it. Well, put it where the dogs can't get it. Like I'm to the edge of the diving board or something. The diving board? I have a diving board? I don't know. I don't know your pool. Well, I'm up here. I have a very nice pool, but I do not have a diving board. In any event. Five, sir. I'd be the last person to take a dive. The frogs will drink a beer. There's not a lot of regular thing this anywhere near my house. The frogs will drink to beer and what a lot of doodle. They don't care. They don't care about sex. They don't like any eggs in your pool. And if it's sunny, then I can stay to hang over chosen. Uh-huh. Works. Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you, sir. God bless you. Have any idea what you said? No. You said, go get a couple of beers. Tug them down. And have a great day. Something like that. And it'll keep all the coins away. Is it like that cheap wine instead? What kind of beer do you cooins drink by the way? Malt liter. Okay. Open one on the other townline. 877-785 screw kneel or whatever that thing is suck this. Yeah, 785-suck this. 9 minutes at to want a QA. The El Roger show. Or 3D-5-60s. QA. And a lot of these kinds of food. But it's been a week. And a week. And a lot of things. And a lot of things. And a lot of things. And a way. And a lot of things. And a way. And a way. And a lot of things. And a lot of things. Wow. Just like this. And now. And then a lot of things. And I have the polsk or you canot. Wow. And with, both. Crank With. And with. I'll write pretty boomer cannon, baby. Straight from Palacades Park, this is a disc from the Boca-Bron that he found yesterday. Prepare by Macan Ericsson, advertising agency in New York, by the way. All these great coaxbots, the VG, the tremolo's, the old diamond, sandy, posy, Marvin and Tammy, supreme, how about a little supreme, sir? 57, one moment please. These are great, these are just absolutely. Here comes the Southman Elves, the praise. Sounds like that. All jingles all day tomorrow, I think. All coaxingles tomorrow. I would play the one by vanilla fludge, but then they'd always sin. Were you fudge back in? 114, it's 560, WQM, we got the 20 or 30 open lines. You've been in okay to last couple hours here, and actually made a little bit of a comeback. We listed a little bit of support, but now it's kind of pedering out when in doubt. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T line, and our toll free line for America, 877, sucked a big one. Let's do Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. It's right. Yes, I am. Hello? Let me say it one more time. Yes, sir. I want to ask you a question. Do you want to what? I ask you a question. Ask me a question. Yes, Mr. Rodden? Yes, sir. Do you know the winning is a team and the NFAF-84 for Sen. Is why? No, I don't. And I don't care. Do you know the winning is team and the national hockey league percentage wise? Do you know which team leads the Eastern Conference and points this year, sir, and the national hockey league? No. Why not? Because I'm not in the hockey. Why not? Trying to learn, but right now I'm in the football Mr. Rodden. No, the important stuff is the national hockey league. So really important stuff, the Toronto Maple Leaf, 33 points, high at top of the Eastern Conference of the national hockey league. Oh, really? I want you to say, Matt Sundine is God, Coloncer. No, I want you to say, I want you to say, Sergey Beres and his God. No, you know what? I want you to say, Curtis Joseph is God. That's right. Say, I know Kujo. I don't want to know you. I know Kujo. I know Kujo. I know Kujo. Well, then you better know Kujo, man. If you know Kujo, you blow. What do you say? Okay, we got 1600 open line here. Starting a little bit, Angie, about this last 45 minutes today. Starting to lose my confidence again. And those numbers are coming tomorrow. Boy, they're going to be really, really. Grim. It's going to be a grim day around here. The grim creeper. Factivit are called mom cancel lunch tomorrow. Because we'll be wanting to eat during the show. Oh, yeah, I got to eat your first phrase and thought it's like at the track tonight. Which he'll be eating up a storm. Just a couple of losing races. That's a good excuse to order like another course. You know what the table. Come on, Rich. You got to lose 60 pounds this week. Let's go fat man. You got to do it. We're worried about you. Eat and like a cow. Here's the only man I ever know in my life. He had a stroke. Instead of like getting a message, you like lose a little weight. He goes out and gains a quick 10 pounds. And he's working on another 10 right now. Loose some weight, Richie. Come on. You fat, chubby guy you. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good sir. Hey, I got a couple of things. First of all, on the thing where they want to compress the radio signal to fit more commercials in. I don't know if anyone brought this up. But why did they have to mess with the programs? They know why did they just compress the amount of commercial time or compress the signal when the commercial time. Yeah, why did they speed the spots up so they can run 20 minutes of spots in about 10 minutes. That sounds good to me. You know, why did they always have to mess with the program? They're going to have a career. You'll care about the programming and addition of which there is no chance to understand the advertisers would raise holy hell. The agency people all the advertisers. They say, oh, you're scrolling my spot. But the talent, we don't have any there's no constituency for us. There's nobody to step in and say, oh, you're scrolling the talent, which is the reason the people listen in the first place. Well, when we have no constituency. When the ratings start going down, then they'll maybe they'll figure it out. Yeah, maybe. Who knows? The other thing I wanted to talk about kind of change in tracks is I'm reading Dave Barry's new book. He's with his first novel. Yeah, called Big Trouble. There is why you're reading Dave Barry. Well, I thought I'm going to do with that. Oh my god. Well, there's a couple of passes. You need to get you a satellite. There's something. Tell them. There are a couple of passages that I think I think you influenced. Really? Oh, yeah. There's a lot. If you read Dave Barry, you don't make you sh** every time. Well, you still write yourself all the time? How many of your questions? Do you still yourself all the time? I don't know. I don't read his crap. Well, what was he still? If I could, there's a couple of small passages, a couple of hitmen, and they're listening to a sports talk show on the radio. And the passage goes, the host was talking. Where are the Gator fans now? All you gators call when you win, but now that you lose, you don't have the duck. So, the radio host takes the call. I'm a Gator fan and I'm calling. And what do you have to say? You said we didn't have the guts to call. I'm calling. Yeah, okay. And so, what do you have to say? I'm saying, here I am. I'm calling. That's it. You're calling to say you're calling. You said we didn't have the guts. Well, we had all these Gator fans in here talking. Oh, that's another one. Why are you reading? They're very, why are you doing this to yourself, sir? Well, I just read this and I thought if you can't. Please don't read anymore. Please, I'm begging you. I don't mean on the year. I mean, just in general, just burn it. Burn it. Burn it. I'm telling you. Your eyesight is a precious thing. Don't waste it. Not on one more page. I'm begging you. Cleating with you. Well, you've obviously made a big impact on him because I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, We really impact that I like to make on him as from the go away and till I'm going to get out of town a couple of years. OK? Go away, Dave. Have a great day. I love you, Neil. See ya. OK, down to three calls left at the board. I want to see every line lit up here again. OK, working for a one more. Again, we'll work again. I'm going to play Westlight. That's the best record in history. It's not even debatable. Next to that. The easy pieces. The moment is so bad. Now, it's better than this. This was in the time. It doesn't. Oh, it doesn't. But not like weapons. Excuse me. This is genre. What? Where did you go? I think like that. Oh, right. Oh, he went like this. Oh, what rhymes with pretty? 20 after one at 5. 60 WQIM. I think we'll just play it here. These constipated program directors. You see, that's the reason why. Like blue by I full 65. Number one in every country in the world in the last several months. Every everywhere. Finally made it over to Canada. It's already number one there this week. Has it made it here to the US? No. Because you've had a bunch of spineless program directors who play the same 10, 15, 20 songs. Like right down the hallway here. I don't want to mention because we know this will be a kid career discovery in the next couple of days. West life flying without wings guaranteed to be number one. Over night, greatest record in the history mankind. You watch in the first person that's going to call in comment. We'll say, Jean, you're that record sucked. You watch. What? Now, what is green? Oh, uh huh. Santa really care about whether you like it or not. I don't. Because your taste is in your touch. You're still with your lymphatic biscuit. Uh huh. Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach. Hello. Mobile and del Rey Beach. Mobile, how you going, man? Yes, sir. All right. A question. You're an expert on the acnes. I know I'm starting at. I started. What do you mean? I'm an expert. Well, I don't think I got to. I'm a seven o'clock this morning. You what? I've been on it since seven o'clock this morning. Yeah, I know. That's a good thing you do. You go on and off and you still continue it. Um, who says I continue it? I'm not doing the acnes diet. Well, I thought you were doing it. Yeah, four or five years ago. Oh, okay. Well, maybe going to answer this question on. Is it. Everything they say is no. Clubs with carbs are sugar. Yeah. Okay. I think up an item say, uh, pepperoni. It says no carbs, no sugar. But it has dextrose. No, does that matter? There's no. If it says zero carbs, then the eat it. That's why I thought you said about four or five years ago. Right. Neil, you're doing great. Same as same as same thing. Okay. Good luck, pal. And watch your kind of pepperoni you're putting in your push. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Nothing worse than getting a bad pepperoni man. And of course, the out of town line were waiting on you. 877, 775, Neil. 877, 775, 6345. There's got to be somewhere like a Geneva, New York. We got somebody listen right now. Sit right on the edge of their goddamn sofa. Hang in on it. You think? No. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yes, sir. I heard you, uh, criticize people that buy Rolex watches. Yes. You all on the Corvette, don't you? Yeah. Why did you buy the Corvette? Corvette's a great car. You could have gotten the same place on the other side. The Sir, Sir Corvette. I could have gotten by a guy named Lamborghini for 140,000. Now, the Corvette's not that expensive for a sports car. Corvette only cost about 40 grand. Well, I'm not Corvette because I drive in it because I like the way to ride. If I could find another car for $15,000 that I like this much as the Corvette. I'd go out and buy the $15,000 car. I didn't buy it to impress anybody. People buy Rolex's because they want to impress somebody with what a big shot they are. Well, you got a beautiful car. Yes. So what's the big deal with the Rolex watch? Well, what's the big deal? I don't know. People can afford it. They buy it. But why? Why not take the 10 grand and spin it on the, you know, take a 500-bionized watch and take 9500-bionized watch and take 9500-bionized watch. That's right. There you go. Have a great day. Okay. Do anybody know what his point was? Oh, no. I don't just leave my car as a little man. And it used to owe me somebody that's where we got a Rolex or a watch. He's an asshole. That's right. Jeff Cohen. Jeff Cohen wears a Rolex watch. He's an asshole. God. Well, that explains it. You can find him at the pizza loft. 127 and 560 WQM. It works the lotion in the basket. He's a nice one. Yes. He's leaving me alone. He can't even cry. With the kids and who he is. Alexandre Shocopopper. Oh, that worked with me. I don't care. No. I don't care. Outside of school, you said, job, being. That's what a dance ball is! It's all the talking blood! Early third! And don't part so f***ing! And we're this big, did I don't care! I don't care! Whatever happens to all the fructines we do have! Nobody is a crap! It's controls! My tomatoes! It's the land! Lots of great debt! So I prefer to scratch my balls instead! I don't care! And we're this big! My mama's at school! What is it again? 133! At 560WQA in? 560560! We went making till 2 o'clock! Maybe! It's going to be real nip and tuck! We have close real tight right out of the wire! And those denotes! Nip it in the blood! 877-785-6345! That's what we used to say at Paxon! Nip it in the blood! 877-785-6345! I'll tell you how bad it is here! We had a couple of ourselves holding it this morning! All three of us, them two, and yours truly! We were reminiscing about how great it was at Paxon! That's how bad it is here! Four longer-day, hello! Yes sir! How you doing? I got a request! I got a request! I'm thinking of hurting tight in that ASHA? No bite! Back! That ASHA! Oh back that ASHA, yeah? Yeah, from June, I could have played that for me? Okay. All right, thanks buddy! Okay! Yeah, back on this! Back on it! 560-705-60, pound-560 on the AT&T Wireless line! Hey, you sparks as you better calm down a little bit of a roll! Well, you know, it's this to Arnold on you! We'll tell you a little bit of a control, then you're in real trouble! Okay! As interminated! Oh, here's David the cop that I see you've had waiting on here for a very long time and thank you for doing that! Yeah! How you doing? Alex, son, before was great! I meant to tell you! You actually liked it, you know? Well, look at this! It's no Allison change, but it wasn't all you. You didn't like it! It wasn't too bad! Listen! You didn't want to be too bad! It's great! It's a great song! It's a great group! And you people, man! What do you know? What you people? Yeah, you people! You and George! Oh, there you go! We're back together! Okay! Listen, real quick! I'm headed up to a... Is it real great, by the way? The World Trade Organization brought out all those great people up there! You know, what does that have to do with making a protest? They're putting the newspaper things off the sidewalks and they're using them as Vattering ramps to push through the goddamn windows. What is that all about? Yeah, all sorts of idiots coming out there and they're taking advantage of peaceful protest, which is, you know, they're right to do, but we'll do it for everybody. It's everywhere! And you can't even have something like that. Okay! You got that, right? Anyway, I'm headed up to a real city day after tomorrow, spending a week up in Boston. I'm going to catch the Bruins Blackhawk's game Saturday night. Oh, no! Oh, the Bruins Blackhawk's when he's going to see a hockey game. Well, that's true. Because they're not going to talk about why I'm sitting down on the freezing cold and watch the Patriots and the Cowboys. How's that? Ah, that's two-year-old girls' teams. Yeah, yeah, well listen. My Rams are doing good. I feel good for now. Let's see what happens. And it's basically a happy Chinooka to you. Okay, then. I think we're going to talk about their Boston Concomi and lighten the manure on Saturday night. Ever grade time. Got it. See ya. Say hi to a Patrick Henry. Five, six, seven, and John Henry. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Five, six, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. I'll tell you one thing. Our man is in the so stupid. They don't know the difference between hemorrhoids and asteroids. They don't. Although they are pinning the S. What's that out of time? I want one more call on that. And of course it could be even from Palm Beach County. That's how weak this crowd is. That's how weak you are. Putting that 800 line. I'm sitting here just like all the other lines. That thought day after day, that would be the one line we could depend on. Smoking. Is it smoking? No, it's smoldering. No, it's it Luke Warren. No, it's it. No. Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five. Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five. Pete Rose, good guy or compulsive gambler. Good guy or asshole. He's an asshole. Yeah, but it's quick picking on Pete, okay? I can't stand him and I still stay quick picking on poor Pete. And Jim Gray by the way, I tell you. He's an asshole. He got made you asshole. If I hear anybody suck up the Jim Gray on this radio station again, I'll put my guts out. I will. He feels that I ate 25 years ago. Fuck holes we got here. Like Larry King, I was watching something at Jim Gray's house. We were watching a ball game. Larry Gray, Larry King, who never met an ass that he wouldn't suck. Here's sunrise, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. This is an old fart from sunrise. Oh, listen. You tell me I listen to the speed rolls all along. Yes. I have never, never heard anyone say that he bet against his own team. That while he was manager, That is correct. They don't even have absolute evidence that he bet on baseball, except the word from some horseball bookie that was trying to get himself off from some charges. That's all I framed him. The point is, look, I'm a retired criminal attorney. Right. And I can't understand. I'm not believe me. Some of the sentences that I've been handed out. This man has been deprived of making the living in the field. They know, they've seen this man undergoing on those guy. They have home shopping that works in having the pedal number of media, which is about as low as you can go. When you have to lower yourself to Joan Rivers level and go on home slack. The pedal a bunch of crap to the public just to try to sneak out a living and make a few bucks. You can lose two, three grand of the track that night. Then you know that they've really stuck it to you. I say, let's give Pete the whatever it is he wants. By the way, I propose to what you mentioned the other day about religion being the open of mankind. Yes, sir. I hope it'll mind. This is just a very brief little story of this kid. It'll put the exam. And that was the quote and he had a film who said it. And that's the quote that any runs down to the crem one. Looks up there and it says, religion is the open of mankind, Lenin and the kid says, Thank God. Okay. I correct. This is, I have a lovely. Thank you, sir. Just be well. You too. The rest of the ball. Crap. Thank you. He's right. You're a health. That's all I count, baby. If you don't have your health, you haven't got this crap. That's right. I'm happy and screw everybody. That's what we say here at QA. Where everybody. There was the F and money. Where everybody. It was a spot on. Who everybody. I can't think of anything to say. I can't think of anything to say. I'm married. You know what? You got me talking. I'm a pension phone. Tell me the story about how you got flown. I got you down. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Holy child. Oh, oh. I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. The lines are jammed up. Yeah. There isn't a doubt. Call up and tell me. What is on the back? I got you down. Yeah. Yeah. Holy child. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Here on the show there's a new topic each night. Put your hands next week with a blacker putting white. I got you down. Are you? Yeah, yeah. Holy child. Oh, oh. I tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. 145 at 5. 50. W. I got that. Glovers show cut up in two. I got a bookshombie at 6 and 80. K with the G.A. show 10 o'clock tonight. Here's a call from Hallendale. Hello. Hey, Dale. Yes sir. Let me ask you. Is it more beneficial to have young African American employed and paying taxes? Or. Can I tell you something sir? Take a little rinse. Phillips and get your white bell and run off with them. Okay. Together. Five six. As soon as I saw Hallendale on it was exactly who it was. There was no doubt in my mind. Scumbag. Scumbags of a feather suck together sir. Here's Boston. Hello. Hi, you're new. Yes sir. Just like if you call from on the downtown line. Yes sir. Saw. Here's a couple coming up here. I'm going to just let them know that it's cold as a witch. And. Yeah, the word you can't say up here. Yeah. And. You know, I'm thinking of getting the get rid of my cable. And getting. We're going to try the dish now. Okay. Think. When are you getting the local channels up there? I'll just do it through the office with the intent on the roof and do it. Oh, there you go. Good. Good. Just say goodbye to cable. Probably sucks. Even up there. It does. The cable is like the anti Christive. Your TV said. Okay. Okay. Let's see. Okay. Let's see. See you at the. See you at the. See you at the. See you at the. See you at the. See you at the. See how to Paul Revere. Five six seven. Five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T. Where the. The out of town line. We just had a way of two calls from Boston. They are friends to WRK or becoming chronic because they're obsessed with their show. Good. Good. I'm here in a real market with real living and breathing people like up there in Boston. I have a 98 year in Boston. I guarantee that I'd be big up there. Be huge. Every college campus. Have you got one of those bogus schools up there? Be mammoth down here. You go to you and a needle who who's that needle on what? Neal down. Even even the F I you would even be C C. Remember I used to be gigantic and B C C. I'm going to last time we had a call from a B C C person. Well, 25 years ago. So I was like that. What are all busy with that wind surfing? Here's candle. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Listen. I just don't know what you know. I never get to see my wife doing it like me. You know listening to you all the time. I don't know. She's some kind of a homeless bitch. She's always stressed out about me. Always listening to Neal. Neal. Neal. Why that? Listen. We're on vacation for a month. Yeah. And I got a pipe through the whole house. Right? She's one of these computer nerds. She's a software engineer. And we've got to play that Y2K thing. That's like the funniest. You need to hear that. Okay. All right. See you. Listen. Have a good one. Don't say big guy. All right. I don't know if he's going to be talking about me. Didn't you say Y2K? We've always been talking about me. Y2K and I asked him. Well, playing a boat for us, that. All right. Get it. It was really long. Back to him. It's so long. Y2K. We go down. We're not the future to our side. All right. Why? Y2K. We go down. Everybody's on our side. People will panic. We're turning on the tide. The tide is starting to rise. The tide is starting to rise. The tide is starting to rise. Woo. Is that something for the world? If you believe it's the end of the world. It's the world. It's the market. It's the Russian market. The good and the old gold. It's the world. It's the world. Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem. I would like to announce the development of a new software system, which will be year 2000 compliant. This program is known as millennia year application software system or Maya. Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my asked everyone. We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at Maya. We have not addressed networking aspects yet. So currently only one person at a time can use Maya. This restriction will be removed after Maya's expense. Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in my ask before. I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively painless and she was actually looking forward to doing it again. Oh right. And it was even ready to kiss my ask. As you begin using the program feel free to put anything you want in my ask. As my ask grows larger, we envision a time when it will be commonplace for the user to hand work to an employee and say, here. Stick this in my ask. It will be a great day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond. Here it is. I just pulled it out of my ask. It's 150, 7425, 62. Jim Mandix tossing around. He tells me. I'm supporting you 560, you 8L. What many fast familiar audaces in the year now? Oh, he acts to me now I knew that new f was a truth. Oh, he's a way I just might have to say. Yes, he may be gay. But he's different in one way. Look, I'm his head you find a spot of the acidic high oil. Oh, I'll say when he was the star is thrown and looks at him. He falls. There's a gamma shot. He's thrown. Oh, I play. Man, here's a great guy. My carry. Look at that, my boy. I'm the same. I'm the same. I'm the same. I'm the same. I'm the same. I'm the same. I'm the same. I'm the same. I'm the same. I'm so, so far away. Come on out, I'm the same. 157 at 5.60 WQAM. Here's a plantation. Hello. Hey, pal. Yes, sir. Listen. What is this new volunteer park here building? So what? Volunteer park or Bable. Volunteer park? What was that? What was that? What was that? Anybody have any idea? No. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Okay, let's try a mobile and have a tour. Hello. Mobile and have a tour. Yeah, you don't need it. Okay. Hey, I'm wondering if what's going on out there? I'm not the much I'm out of having tour a person by Joe Robby right now. Yeah. I'm wondering if I already get to listen to you between jobs. I wonder if you liked you with ESS and so on as a surround town. Oh, yeah. I wanted to know you opinion on the local channels that the ESS is about to give not a Clinton sign to build. You wanted my opinion. I've been screaming in yellow in the butter for two days. It's great. Yeah, I think it's going to actually put a definite hurt on the cable company name and brother. Yeah, I can't work for time one for five years. I'm screw them. It was the absolute work. Right. Yeah, so like I said, there's the first time I called long time listener and I really enjoy your show. And that's on it. Don't spend all in one place. I try not to. Okay, good luck. There you go. He's a cable guy. I mean a DSS guy. The cable guy even Jim carry their off tour. So maybe they're finished. They can see the handwriting on a wall. They can smell it.