560W, UAM Miami port Laterdale presents the Neo-Rouls the Neo-Rouls the whole out there called 560, 50560 toll free for David Rower and form pound 560 on your cell call for the opinions of Neo, his guests, colors, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WCQAM, beesley read acquisitions or the beesley broadcast group. Now, Neo Rogers on Sports Radio 562A. Hey, Brian, are you happy? I hate WLB again. It's so good to be here. I'll be no happy. I love now. He's not just too busy. So, thank you, look like you're the same. If you ever catch me feeling in here with our refrain, for the bullets is not great. But you're right, body. So, it's a long-keep, bokeh. Take your right, boorow. Through the low-keep, bokeh. It's not his to-do-what's that. I said, doing the bokeh, bokeh. Take your roars, that's how I'm doing the bokeh, bokeh, bokeh, bokeh. Okay. Doing the bokeh, bokeh, bokeh. I've sent a 150 WQM happy Thursday to it. Got to got my scratch back. I think there's something going around in this building, you know? I think it's in here. It's in here. Probably Greg planted it here. But remember last week, walking around with that flu again? Constantly killing in here one week, it was tuberculosis. Another week, it was leprosy. Every time the man comes in, he's spreading disease, where ever he goes. And to prove that, look at that, we got the hurt cool and hotline tonight. Six o'clock. Spreading his sports disease, everywhere he goes. So anyway, this crazy person is, um, light supremacist, butft, pusser, or neal furl. And avowed races to describe himself to authorities in Washington, this homicidal and suicidal, once lived with a widow of Robert Manthu's, the founder of a violent neo-nautzy group, the order. Last year, furl tried to commit himself to the Fairfax psychiatric hospital in Kirkland, a suburb of Seattle. There he was arrested for pulling a knife on several staff members. Sometimes I feel like I could just lose it for a total police. After his arrested the hospital, he was convicted of secondary felony assault and served 165 days in jail. Here is a man who was trying to commit himself, who is crazy that a bud bug and a bullet of knife on hospital workers served 165 days in jail. Second to be felony. And he was out on the loose so we could do a little number. Yeah, man, the mom is furlunch yesterday and the TV I've flipped it on there on CNN and all of a sudden here's the old, they've apprehended the, the suspect. They've apprehended the suspect. Did they really apprehended the suspect? No, no. He turned himself in in Vegas after a cab ride. Swat officer spent hours searching that hotel unaware that furl was already in a cab headed for Las Vegas. Didn't I talk about that yesterday? About the Swat guy standing around the middle of the road outside the motel. Planning their strategy, waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting, working. I'll guess what he ain't here. He's on his way to Vegas. All right. Crazy people with guns, baby. Crazy hateful psychotic people running around on the loose with guns. And by the way, the good news for the NRA, the gun, that's you don't have to worry a bit. A comprehensive survey of American firearms ownership in 1994 that was five years ago, and you know it has to be growing. In 1994, they found that about $192 million guns were actually in civilian hands in America. Soon half the way about a thing. Don't worry, you're pretty little heads off about losing your guns. $192, so let's round it off right now since it's five years later. Let's say for a nice even figure 200 million guns for 170 million people. How about you take away little kids? I'd say that almost every adult and probably teenagers got at least one. There you go. So what do you worry about? I tell you what I'm worried about. And that is that the full court press has already started. The sun set in which has had not won but two letter turtles in last week. About how much we need that baseball stadium. And how great it's going to be for Howard County and Alfred downtown for a lot of them. So not they've moved from the letter turtle page itself to the op-ed page, where this asshole editor, Kingsley Guy, who looks like a real nerd, by the way, is starting in honest this morning at the heart of an exciting city baseball. The city Cleveland. Yeah. And it goes out of say, Browards Vitality could benefit from a similar boost. Do you know something you are so full of it, Kingsley Guy? I mean, this whole article is so ludicrous. First of all, you see any relationship between Fort Lauderdale and Cleveland? No. I'm going to Cleveland. Do I want to go back even with Jacob's field? And even with the renovation downtown? Do I have any of these error interests in going back to Cleveland? No. Never. Ever. You heard about the booming tourist industry in Cleveland? No. No. I don't think so. Even though they got Jacob's field at a great baseball team there, kick it ass. I don't think the tourists are flocking into the mistake by the lake. Okay. I don't think they're going to Cleveland. I don't care how much better it is. In addition to which I never noticed that Fort Lauderdale even though it's got some of its bad neighborhoods, of course, some bad hoots. I never noticed that it was a big festering slum like Cleveland with that bad bad image. But, wait till you hear this. Kingsley Guy says, as was the case with Cleveland, the national image of greater Fort Lauderdale no longer jobs with reality. It's talking about people asking about Connie Francis and where the boys are in spring break. Well, it's not a sham Kingsley Guy that we don't have spring break. Keeping in breeding people spending millions of millions of dollars of mommy and daddy's money every spring. Because $40,000 assholes like you and your ilk are the ones that chase them out here. Because that was bad. But he says, Major League Baseball would help change that a new home for the Marlins we go a long way toward showing nation. There's lots happening in this community, which is, and it went to the air this, which is developing into one of the great urban centers of this country. You know, you guys, I'm telling you, these guys either got the best sets of humor or anybody in the history of mankind. These assholes that write these edit tools and these articles on the iPad page. Fort Lauderdale is developing into one of the great urban centers of the country. Look here at, now what can you tell me that there is in Fort Lauderdale that makes it one of the great urban centers in America? Huh? Ten city? Chili pepper? I'm thinking. Swaps gone. Swaps gone. Swaps got that's really not in Fort Lauderdale though. It's close enough. Let's just take all of like Metro for Lauderdale, you know, which almost all are Broward. Calendale, surf side. I mean, I'm sorry, sunrise, talent, liquor, talent, liquor is that all to it for me every time. Well, you didn't have those swing clubs, but they're closing those down. One of the great urban centers of this country, man, you, locals. I know I'd just like to hear all. I think the people of the Sun settled they never let him out. Just like this view for tea, Pusser guy, he should never have been let out in the same with Kingsley guy. And what kind of a name is that anyway, guy? Hey guy. Kind of a name is Ann. So we'll talk a little bit about that today. I also want to talk about something rebad, which I found by accident in my gunbook. By the way, if you're really concerned about the gun thing, let me recommend again to you about making a killing the business of guns in America by Tom Diaz, a former NRA member and gunnot himself. Making a killing Tom Diaz, it's in hard cover. It'll be all the statistics about his $1.4 billion business, about the making a gun. And that's why there's so many guns around because it's big freaking prison. At America's all about business and so is the world. But anyway, so in this book, I find an article that I had kind of like a shell for a little while, unfortunately, but better late than ever. And guess what? It's about ass pertain. Yeah. Everybody wants you about ass pertain. And it's the bad news. So Joe Costello went out this morning, got us a case that died Pepsi there. It's going to be my last ass pertain in my life. I like bottled water anyway. I like my soulmate. By the way, South Alconey, we're out of soul, hey here. I got my last two little bottles. Bolton for South Alconey, urgent call we put out today with desperate. We're dying over here. No soul, hey. I like my soul, hey. I like my paria. I like my, what's the, from north and midway? San Pelagrino. On it's right, I'm asking you, you're only Italian. What would you know? You're like, make believe Italian. That's right. San Pelagrino. You've had San Pelagrino? No? No. Why not? It's what it's, what's water? It says, probably what? What am I going to drink that for? So the beer, you know? There's no aspirating beer. But you want no more of this diet soda. Anyway, we'll talk about that scared-a-living cramp-body. Probably the real story about how to prove. Even though they, they commissioned the panel to study it a few years ago. And the panel said, don't approve this. It's bad. And it's got, you know, and it's also got methanol. What alcohol poisoned in it? 10% of it. And then the commissioner said, ah, well, I'll tell with you guys. And they did approve it. And then he went, he left the commission for a position with G.D. And he served public relations from there. The people at manufacturer Newtursweet. As per time. Oh, I see. What a shop. What a surprise. So if you're starting to feel a little bit crazy, probably too much diet soda. It's making you really, really sick. Maybe that's why I got this scratchy throat. I drink diet soda by the gallon. I mean, just by the cramp-load. I just swill it down. Almost like Harry Peanus, they used to be the peedy there with the packs. Oh, a lunso. You're so big. If you've got chips, then it crats or broken implants. And you need implant crafters at the mall. At implant crafters, we've got a silicone mill right in the store. So we can make you shiny new ones in about an hour. I broke up my implant frame. I know. Sister said, hey, go. And next thing I went to implant crafters at the mall. I dropped off the broken bear when the radio shack could get a Harry name battery. And by the time I got back, my implants were ready. implant crafters at the mall. This week's special by two, get one free. 15 to 5.50 WPM. We got Hank from Plagrida to a clock. It's, oh, and then we got the Jimmy Johnson Show at five. We got the Heroku and Hotline. All right, six to eight. The Heroku and Hotline here on QA. Were we excited about that? No. Eight to ten. We got Jimandich. Yeah. Which we'll get two momentarily. And then 10 o'clock we got Orlando Elzagiri. Are you ready for that? 10 o'clock and Kaplan must be on vacation. We got Orlando. Why? Elzagiri. Which I bet you didn't know he had a middle initial. So anyway, here's the important news of the day. By the way, this is the big news. And leave it to Jose Landby, and the insider in the Sun several this morning. See, I don't miss a thing. I scour from cover to cover. Both news papers every morning. Takes about three minutes. Once you get through the ads in the funny pages. Cox thrown for a loss. It says, so much. Yeah. There's a little clue as to what this is all about. Former Dolphin Brian Cox. And by the way, you know, Brian Cox, he's an asshole. Yeah. Former Dolphin Brian Cox got walked in Broward Court. Let's hear it for Phil Henry and the IOD. Well, Cox, whoever they are, even though they're not really our friends. A judge dismissed a nasty lawsuit against WI, the radio and two employees, a suit that the linebacker filed after he was called a homosexual on the air. Maybe we should check out Brian Cox's homocysting level. The judge decided Cox, now with the jets, hadn't pursued vigorously enough. This 10 lawyer, nitpicking price. See what it really is, Jose Landby, is that there were no motions filed for like a over a period of time. And once there are no motions filed for a certain period of time, the thing gets thrown out of court if you don't do not know it. And they didn't do not know it. We're delighted, said, a lot of day a lawyer, Norman, can't represent former IOD funding man Phil Henry. Are you sure? He was named in the suit along with his then boss, Robert Green. How you doing, Robert Green? Huh? Bobby Green made the news paper this morning. In the South Florida insider. You know my personal friend Bobby Green? He's okay. Cox demanded money and that heads roll. There's no money and Phil Henry will be on the air. Long after Brian Cox is playing days and roll. Said Robert Green. I was going, Robert Green. Oh! Cox's legal to start in November 1995 in a locker room interview. Cox voiced his dislike every porter's by inviting. So I'm getting slick here, dolphin suck up, Jim Mandage. How do you like that, huh? What our shot that is. Cox voiced his dislike every porter's by inviting. Slick here, dolphin suck up, Jim Mandage. The performer's certain sex act on it. Hey, Brian, are you happy? I hate WLD again. It's so much dick. I'll be no happy. Mandage refused, but Henry based in Tercolon shows an a photo confession by Cox that he was gay. This case has been crawling through the system. With IOD claiming that any reasonableist would know the whole thing was a spoof. Cox said the hoax made things so bad that his daughter got a ridiculed at school. In time, Henry left for a $300,000 job on LA radio while IOD changed format. Last year, Cox rejected a $30,000 settlement. Cox took the news of the dismissal like a man. It says, I'm so excited about this. I can't even keep up with myself. Or maybe it's this, Rickola Compton. I got my post. That might be it. It's news to me, he said. But, hey, yeah, I'm going to pursue it to its fullest. They, WLD, were trying to drag it out. But I'm not going to stress over whatever that means. And a peel will be filed on Friday. I'm going to get it out to more and get the lawyers get those meters running again. That a boy about Robert Green. I'm going to fill. Are you sure? So, how do you like that? And of course, where would be the one place in the world where you would hear it? Right here on this show where you hear the actual conversation? See, and of course, you can deny it all you want, Brian. But I'm positive. Because I want to get in the parents at, um, not Brian's mark. Standard brains. Remember them? I walked in the parents with Brian Cox here on a Saturday. He was sitting there signing autographs. Go on. Yeah, like that. Yeah. And so I know Brian Cox and I guarantee, um, I mean, I don't know them that well. But I guarantee he's no question about it in my mind that Brian Cox is a B, you know what I'm saying? So what's the big Timis? Have you ever met him? You met him for like two minutes. You'd say, Brian Cox, he's a B, yeah. So there you go. They finally dismissed that. Now of course, they'll have the appeal. We'll have to keep our eyes on it. And there's storm and storm and again, back at it again. He's got his finger right in the middle of it. But if somebody calls, I have no idea what these people want. Because we got a real full plate today. It's spillin' over. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Did you know that Joe's a cracking and bread of Mike Lads, a twin brothers? Yeah, okay. Thanks. See, like I said, I wondered what, uh, here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Here's a gaggy sucks. Okay. Yes, sir. Hi, Miami. Sounds like you. Okay. Let's go to a mobile in Miami, hello. All right, that's me. That's you. I'm breathless from last news report about Brian Cox. Yeah. And enough to make you a guarantee, he's a- I've met him. I have to, I heard some statistics about homicides in other countries. Yes. Last year, uh, in New Zealand, here were two gun-related homicides. Oh, right. Yeah. In Japan? Barbeards? In Japan? There were nine, I think. There were 15 in the UK, oh my God. And 30 in Germany? How many? 30. Oh, my God. Gun-related homicides. I mean, I did states there were 9,000. Uh-huh. Just thought I'd pass that off. But that doesn't mention how many people died from gun- uh, I think- Oh, no, that's a gun-related homicide. They said if you added suicide and accidents, everything, it's well over 15, 16,000. No, I think you're wrong. I think it's like 30 to 40,000 year. Yeah, I got that wrong. Yeah. But I mean, you know, why could we have over a few,000? That's right. Right. But it's an enormous disparity. And by the way, Governor Bush, did you see this? He says, oh no, we don't need any more gun-controlled laws. That's not the problem. Did you see that? Yeah. Governor Boot, he said that. And Aliana Gross, later then. And Deca Clay, a Shaw, all these other right-wing lunatics. Oh, well, you know, uh, whatever. About to be vulnerable, but they'll let's not pass any new laws because our, for NRA friends were like it. That's all I got. Thank you, sir. Okay, so let's go to New Zealand. Come on, let's go. Get on that big bus. No. Boston, New Zealand. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60. But I got a headache. And I just sort of throwed, I have a feeling tomorrow could be a real, uh, big tape, you know. I just have that feeling. I could be wrong about that. We have any tapes? I think we could drum something up. No, I'm not, I'm not predicting I'm not going to be here tomorrow. I mean, just, just not, not right. Not perfect. Maybe a real good dinner tonight would be good. Maybe a free dinner. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, New York. Yes. Um, what are you talking about, Brian Cog? What do you got for a sweetheart? What do you want to talk about? Well, let's talk about the act as a, yeah, huh? This is the same bitch that called yesterday. Let's talk about sticking my foot up your act. Go, is that, okay? Okay, that's the end of the conversation. Same bitch that called yesterday. Crazy, crazy, crazy, psychotic bitch. And have a nice day sweetheart. Maybe that's why I'm sick. Maybe it was her call yesterday. I think that's what put me over the edge. Uh-huh. What's her call yesterday with her scatkins? Five, six, seven. And by the way, I was a channel surfing was it Saturday. I was in the hotel, Saturday night. And for whatever reason, they replay that damn crazy bastard. Call me just a dog. I've midnight. And he had the panel talking about health and diet and this. And he had Bob Atkins under. He was so rude and obnoxious. Never let him say three words. And he had the Dean Ornish and all these other crazy people. And they were pooping all over the place. Here's a mobile and pop, and oh, hello. Yes, sir. Hello? Speaking. Is it me? Sounds like you. Oh, wow. I'm a parkland. I'm sorry, that's why parkland. Sorry about that. My other bullet told me I wanted to do it a little parody about L.P.G.A. Yeah. You play that later. I'm working on it. Thank you. Okay. See, these are not calls. These are like, she wants the Atkins diet. This guy wants a Dijk call. You know, I'll play it for you, pal. But let's get with it. Let's have a little verbal intercourse before we just have a clip. But to call up here and start making requests. What do you say is a little brother? A little brother is probably about six. Probably get more sense than this guy I'll ever have. And it's my mistake, sir. You weren't parkland, not pop at all. I was in pop at all last night at the track. Lost my ass. No. Yes. Fat Rick's really lost his ass. No. Oh, yeah. Big time. 138 bucks, ma. Right down. Oh, no. Trapper. Hop at O Park, rough night last night. Wouldn't have been for my close personal friend, Brad Cramer, a hazel park with a $16 Horace. I would love a lot more than that, ma. Oh, 138 bucks. You know how many soda crackers that would buy? To feed my dogs? Especially little dog. And they can all over the place. Can buy a lot of soda crackers for 138 bucks. You know how many cheeseburgers and McDonald's that would buy from my wealthy man, who eats McDonald's, with her 40 or 50 million? I just mentioned that in passing, you know. Here's a mobile and key-wise pillow. Oh, boy. Yes, sir. I wonder if he showed you. Okay. I know the assword was in there somewhere, but that's the only word I could make out. I know your whole, but I'm more delighted that we got the S.H. and that's going to. Whatever he said. Get yourself a real cell phone. Some day, sir, maybe you'll grow up and you could afford to buy a real cell phone. But the person on the other end can actually understand the words. But don't say crap again. See, the F.C. is very concerned. I mean, you can put all the heat speech you want on the internet. You can put out all the heat pamphlets you want. And you can spread all kinds of vile venom. That's okay. That's freedom of speech. If you say crap, then the F.C. wants to find us here on the air. And then people are going to jump off the tall buildings. And it's you into the world. That goes to show you what a pretty, funny, ballooning country will live in. It's just like this business. It's okay. It's not against the law to possess semi automatic weapons. And spread that ability past five years ago. It's not against the law to be caught in possession as long as they were purchased the back when it was legal to buy a settlement so on. But if you're in possession, if you roll like two plants of marijuana in the backyard or in possession of even a minor amount, then you're breaking the law. And what does that tell you about the cop guy laws that we have in America? Possession of weed. That's bad. Possession of guns. That's good. There's a lesson for all you kids out there. Okay. Weet is bad. Guns are good. And you want an awye kid? That's the American fucking way. Amen. Make no mistake about that. By the way, Brian Cox is a. 1026 and 560WQM. I'm hey, even though we lost some money last night at Pompano Park. Guess what? We still had a great time. Winter lose. You always have a good time out there. Screaming at Bruce Ranger. Come on, Bruce. He hit him again. Okay. Go a little faster than that first half. But at any rate. How about that other horse? I was Richard. I'm going to do a doing, huh? I wonder how much he's casting today after that horse last night. But anyway, 13 to one shot. There's fried tag or well a winning on V830 to one. All kinds of wild stuff going on. Did we cast any of those last night? No, no. Mr. Opportunity. That's all. I must be crazy. I'll be nuts. All right. What's the matter with lesbian? All for cancer tell we really love him and balls. Sure. The only thing that separates us from the man is the country club's bathroom stalls. It's a friend's altering catty. She's the fan on the book. She calls daddy. Muddy guy. That's five to the chocolate. All right. This is the biggest off to me. Oww. My favorite hole a dozen have and a number. A green hole of a fairway. And twenty-cuz I'm a snapper. A playball fan on gate. You can't get caught. There's a club that's called Fizz the only time that they're allowed. I'm gay. Let's play. Open. Jesus. Jesus. You call to me. Where's your blood? And write this great shit. I'm my safe student. Ladies. Call to me. Oww. That's pretty modern five sixty. WCU. Let me just go back to a Kingsley guy for one second here. This idiotic op-ed piece in the Sun several this morning. About four Lododale is become one of the great urban centers of America which we're still. Bigling about over here. We're gigland about it. Like a bunch of teenage girls watching Ricky Martin squeezing themselves. Marlon Zoner, John Henry is sincere. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Marlon Zoner, John Henry is sincere in his love of baseball and is desire to keep the team in south Florida. I must be crazy. He seems like a man with whom Broward leaders can negotiate a financial deal at his fair to taxpayers. But you notice this is the game plan. He's a great guy. He never stole a freight train. He's not bald. He's got a better complexion. He's a nice guy. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Henry is correct says Kingsley guy. What's up guy? Baseball and a here's the best. This is even better than four Lododale being a great urban center. Baseball can be magical and helping people together. The opportunity for Broward to capture the team won't come again. It would be a shame if Broward let's it slip away. Kind of like they let spring breaks. Look away. It doesn't years ago. And all those thousands and thousands and thousands of college students with their millions and millions and millions of mommy and daddy's money. First of all, I don't understand what Broward County. I've lived in Broward County now for 12 years. Oh, Lord, no. I would say you ever take 12 13 14 whatever. I don't know what Broward County this man is writing about or what Fort Lododale he's writing about. You go anywhere in the world and you say you're from a Fort Lododale. And they don't look at you like, oh, geez, if you say you're from my me, oh, oh, my God. And they start looking at you to the Xen or the scars are. If there's any evidence of bullet holes in your body. But if you say from Fort Lododale, oh, yeah, that's nice. And they don't think of it as like Chicago or New York or Los Angeles or New Orleans or Boston or, no, any great urban center or Cleveland, by the way, there is no relationship whatsoever between anything in Fort Lododale. I mean, we do have areas where there's certain pockets of Sparks is like in Cleveland, but other than that, that's the only similarity I see. I don't see any, I mean, you know, even find Sparks is probably in Geneva, New York. That doesn't make it like Cleveland. I went to Walgreens this morning, why not here on the corner and saw some Sparks isn't there? They didn't say, hey, you know, doesn't this start going to look like Cleveland here? I thought, oh, yeah, start going to look like Cleveland now. What is this man talking about? The ramblings of a lunatic. And what? And you have to start wondering, not that I'm suspicious or Apparently, no, I do understand. You know, I'm talking about, I must be crazy. I must be nuts. But what is it? What are they looking for now? What the hell is looking for? There's no question about that. They're looking for anything and everything that will benefit them and they're stake down, ten or one hero Plaza and take that slum and toilet down there and build it up so they get over and be worth something. So that when they finally totally bail out a ton, they can make a killing again. But what's the sun sent? What is their stake in this? What is their stake in keeping casino gambling on? The evil. Now, what would you rather have? Here's an interesting thing to ponder. Our poll question of the day. What would you rather have? Casinos and some of the great hotels along the strip assuming we have any great hotels left in Fort Lottodale. Never when there was a gold ocean mile hotel, huh? Yeah. Remember what all the college teams used to come here when we used to have the orange bull? I remember staying in the gold ocean mile when you were in Penn State, was staying there. At the gold ocean mile hotel. And then, of course, they allowed all those old forests to build those condominiums just like on Miami Beach right along the ocean there in a gold strip. All those condos, horrendous mistake, stealing the beach from the public is what they did. A larger had to have. So, nice hotels along the strip there with casinos in them or a baseball stadium downtown. That would tie a traffic and nobody could get to. In a city where nobody cares about baseball to begin with. Number one. Oh, but tomorrow, there's a one six and a row that came from behind again. Nobody cares. Nobody cares. So, a little bit late now, you know? Keep beating up on teams that were in grotesque slums. I'll tell you something. If you took away the Marlomans against Montreal and Tampa and the winds against teams that were in desperate slums like Baltimore and the Giants and Colorado when they played them, they'd have like 15 winds all season long. If you took those victories out of the pitcher. I just mentioned that in passing. I don't want to pee on their little parade. This little, or the dog at Tony show they're trying to put on for you know what I'm saying? But let's be honest. Which is something that a lot of people in this town can't do. Especially local newspapers because they always have something up there. sleeve. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, how you doing? Okay, sir. Good. Did you ever see there's a show on trio. You know, trio is on the satellite. Right. It's like a CBC clone. And they have this show, but with an English or a guy who's got it, an actor named Robbie Coltrane. You know, he is? No. He's a actor. And he goes around the US and a vintage Cadillac convertible. And it's just like, you know, it's poses and same things that happen in this country through like a farner's eyes. Anyway, last week he goes into a gun shop somewhere and like the Midwest. Where there's like this like Newton lady, you know, who's working the counter and a whole row of oozees and the salt weapons behind her. And he says, well, what do I have to do to get one of these? Because well, you fill out this form and answer these four questions and you can come out of here with a gun. Right. And like the four questions are, you know, like, did you ever steal a freight train? Basically, yeah, I've never been like, you know, convicted of a felony. It's just, well, but the other, you know, someone with San Sanade president Kennedy. Do you know, he said, the ever like, check on these, you know, before you give the gun out, they don't have a waiting period in the state or anything. Right. She goes, no, but I ain't going to sell one, nobody looks crazy. And he says, well, how do you know, you know, if somebody looks crazy? Well, I can just tell it because I must be crazy. I must be not. Well, hey. Yeah, John Henry walks into, will not sell him a gun. No, really, because he does want to hold up the attack spirit's a bar account. It's a stick up. Well, you know what I say about that is, I'm, I'm, I'm in my am. I said, let them build it in Broward. Their animals anyway let them lose their souls. Yeah. But that's, so I can think of it. I live in Broward and I say, I have a very easy answer. No, that's the answer. Well, there you go. Well, he must be crazy. He must be not. So, you remember, we're living in one of the great urban centers of America. They're in four lot of the old pack. We'll keep that in mind. I didn't, I didn't see all the sights someday. I didn't know it, but I'm going to be up there just weekend. All right. Thanks. They all love it. Okay, especially the song, Raston is exactly four lot of the up. That's the number one tourist attraction. Broward infected. It's the number two tourist attraction in the entire state. Oh, Raston. A shopping center. Anything you're shining going on there? No. No. Uh, that tells you everything you need to know about this swamp land of a state. Number two tourist attraction right behind Disney. It's the song, Raston. A shopping center. Is there like a big store there? Like a birdines or a, oh, no. Like excited. Is there like an amusement park there or something really neat? No. See, your idea of exciting at urban centers. Again, when you deal with local locals like this Kingsley guy and like these Procure little people down here who keep talking about mindy being a war class city. Uh, you just have to laugh at them. You have to excuse him because obviously they don't get out of town much. They never leave within a three block radius somewhere where they sit there at their typewriter. It's new and it's that Burger King. God, Bobby, truly jacked and figures. They're fun for the whole family. Collect all 10 knob action figures with each water fries and super large drink. And that a super large drink. No exception. Get Sony in his favorite garbage can. So you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out Sony sister or get the bullet little body of sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth. Wow, is it that great? And press all your friends with the Don himself. I'm making an offer. He can't refuse. So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures. Remember, it's only business and it's at Burger King. You go together. We got to mention before that. Okay. It's low. We got to mention that 1044 at 560 WDQM. Yeah, we got that hurricane hotline that I did by whipped up about that. No. Also, this stuff can't be sitting with over there. We got to do something better about this room. QAmen, vice-herty about dot com QAM celebrity golf tournament presented by Micka Lowe Beer Friday, September 24th at Lago Marcunter Club and Plantation. portion of the proceeds to benefit center one. Brought to you by Tony Romus famous for ribs and Englednook wine for more information call 305. 650-0163. Nice job. Thank you. 560-050-60. 560-0163. Here's the North Bay Village. 2-0163. Okay. 19 minutes and 20 seconds in county. How do you like that? 19 minutes and 20 seconds. The throw shot at our good friend. 2-0163. How do you like that? 560-0501. By the way, here's a maze. We haven't been flooded with calls about this. We had all these calls already here this morning. I just got my ass warm in the seat. I thought as soon as I saw the photo call that it would have to be about the big news story that they see an end or they covering this. MSNBC. No. Fox. No. No. Anthony Radsu will 40. John F. Kennedy Jr.'s cousin is dead. Small, little blurb in the newspapers this morning. Little tiny blurb just a couple of paragraphs. Anthony Radsu will tell of his executive and cousin of JFK Jr. is died of cancer a week after his 40th birthday. Anthony Radsu will be the son of Lee Boogie, a Radsu will Ross Schwartz, sister of the late Jacqueline Kennedy, onassus and Prince Stanislaus Radsu will short Jones. He died Tuesday at New York Hospital after a 10 year-old set a statement from Senator Edward Kennedy, Democrat of Massachusetts. Radsu will have a steadfast friendship with first cousin JFK Jr. who died as a new member of a woman. While Kennedy married Carolyn Bacet in 1996, Radsu was best man at the clandestine winning ceremony in Georgia. In 1990, talk about timelyness, wait till you're this. In 1990, Radsu will won television's prestigious Peabody Award for an investigation of neo-Naziism in the US. He later won two more amies. So here's a guy that didn't expose neo-Naziism, which ties him with his crap we had in LA just yesterday. One of Peabody Award, so was obviously a better journalist that somebody came out with a crappy money losing magazine called George. One two more amies and he doesn't even get a guy to mention nothing. Nothing. Much less as he get hours and hours and days and days of coverage on CNN and CNBC and MSNBC and Jadi and all the other crap, all these things. And he only made it to 40, died a cancer. I mean, his last name wasn't Kennedy, but there was a summer-lation there, you know? We couldn't call him John John. We didn't know him well enough. Maybe if he knew him real well, you'd call him Tony. How's it going, Tony? Let's see Tony, no more. He's dead. One AP Body Award and two other amies. And I'll stay at the journalist. He's dead. Nobody cares. What does that tell you about you, phony bastards in a media, okay? You're not fooling me. You may be fooling a lot of really dumb people out there and the good news is you well know is there's millions and millions and millions and millions are real real dumb people out there. I mean, that's what America's famous for, not just guns, but dumb people and dumb people with guns. That's what America's famous for. So you can have like three more weeks on JFK Jr. and he still doesn't amount to a pile of cat crap okay in a litter box. That's what he amounts to to me, nothing. He had no significance in my life. None. Zero Zippity Duda. Was he a great journalist? No. Did he have some lasting significant lower 200 million there you go? And of course we know he worked hard for every penny. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, no. Yes sir. When the government outlaws the Gulf, the first chandelier would have put all the gas on the left in an oven. A chocolate crazy. Yeah. I heard the first thing I'm going to do is put all the of the militant specs and ovens is what I heard. That's what I heard. It could be wrong, but that's what I heard. From a very good authority, by the way. Because it's matter of fact, what's the difference? Isn't that an armist? Not a colon in Julio? I think that's redundant. 560, 50560, on the AT&T Rottles line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. From here. Yes sir. Two things for you, one on baseball, one on gun. These kids in harm state, one shot together. Have they arrested that father for leaving that gun lying around with the gun? No. Put them in jail. I say put them in electric chair. What? There's a new law we're supposed to enforce to put those kinds of idiots away. Sorry, Uncle Neil, listen. There's a long time listener, long time caller. I went to the Marlins game Sunday. Sir. Happy Hind, two big, Cuban girls. We had a nice talk about how they should lead the stadium right. The F word is. Uncle Neil, we don't need a new stadium. No new stadium. Okay, thanks. Whatever you said, we don't need any stadium. We don't need the Marlins. We don't need a stadium period. That's the late land. But a baseball state. The baseball can be magical. Says, Kingsley, guys. Magical. You know, it's like when the Panthers went to the Stanley Cup finals four years ago, you know, all the banners were waving and people were honking a horns and they had the stuff on her car. That's ancient history now, you know. That's funny, baloney. That's like putting a bandaid on the Titanic. It doesn't mean anything. And as far as bringing the people of this time together, I mean, you know, for more than five minutes or a week or whatever, it's going to be, is that really going to ever happen? Oh, of course not. Because it's like assholes like the people in thenocent, and the herald especially who spend most of their time dividing and conquering and making sure that the people never get together. That's what it's all about, divide and conquer. God forbid, we have to see those here and having a living and breathing tourist industry here. No, we got to have the French Canadians who can't afford to come here because the loonying worth a crap anymore. And we got to have old people and silly people get none of God them buses to go to the port so they can get on Mickey Harrison's cruise ships. Who, and who it contribute nothing to this community. Nothing, zero. See, I don't understand. Why would you be for Mickey Harrison and all the cruise ships and against casinos? Because he contributes nothing to the economy of this community, not even a penny of tax money. All those ships are registered to some for a country which is just a way of copying out and not paying any tax money to the US and the state or this town or anybody else here. It's a drain, it's a siphon out of our economy and yet both those papers have got some love affair with this crap. And some intense hatred and paranoia about the evil casinos. But you know something, wait until the Indians get their full fledged casino, which is going to happen sometime in the next year. With their slots and every other goddamn thing, the full blow casino and then you're going to see the crap really hit the fan. Then you'll see a real turnaround. Well, you don't know even though it's evil and even though it's terrible. Now that they've got it, we have to be able to compete. We can't let the Indians take all our money back next in the one Manhattan back. So let's, we'll have to hop in there. You just remember I told you that today August 12, 1999. Just remember that. Homestead wants to know. See all the Julios men are just upset today. They must be the gunnotts. That must be where these people are coming from. Definitely somebody took away their peace and they're really getting paranoid. 560, 5060, 560, on the 18D line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yeah, I know now. Okay, sir. Hey, I heard the first team this morning and you heard the first team is lying? Oh, yeah. Yeah, I heard the first team is lying. Yeah, the first team and what he's saying. And I mean, he got all he got because the best because the ones go on the road. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. Yeah. Yeah. And okay, okay. Okay. Okay. 560, 50560, that's it. Guy. That's him. You better get with it, Joe. You know, you've been cloistered too much for a long time. You better get with this program. I'm sorry. That's right. Guy. Here's Hollywood. Hello. How are you doing? Great. This little spy report has over in Clearwater water last week. Yeah. And you're good close buddy Ron Diaz is on the radio over there. Nobody cares. Oh, okay. See you. Okay. Why? A lot of calls today. Nothing. Nobody's got any material that anybody cares about. My good close buddy Ron Diaz is on the road in the summer in Clearwater. Nobody cares. I mean, what is this man talking about? Do we care here about he's a pot? It's so embarrassing. We're true. Yeah. Our freak. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. I'm going to Vegas in October. And I was looking at like different packages. How's that America West? Is it really bad? Erasing with a socks. America West blows. It's really quick. Because they fly direct from waterdale. You know that. And from my auntie, you have to get like a, you know, you have to change in Valley. No, you have to stop in Dallas. No, you don't. Really? I'm going to say, I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. So, but that's America West though. But if it, if they're like no good, why would I want to take a, you know? But you said they fly for a year's said for Miami. You have to take another one. You're talking about different airlines. I'm going to say I'm going to write in a American. There's something like that. Right. So, so you say America West. No good. I. I mean, if you want to go nonstop, that's your only choice. You have no other choice, which is very said. You have no alternative by would never fly them again. This is a, they fly crappy, 7. there. It takes them like five and a half hours to get you out there on what you be less than a five hour trip. I always go through Dallas lately, last few times, even though this is stopping in Japan and the S. It's you know, at the least you fly on a real plane. It's comfortable. I give you real food like an American and you know, and one of the most of the shelters out of the cabinets, great. That's my other alternative. Right. It's American and it's bought in Dallas. And I figured, you know, if you get the airlines, okay, you go, you know, direct. And I want to get you nervous, but they had this thing in the paper about the survey about complaints on airlines and American was the worst. Most complaints by the past years on American Airlines. He was that is correct, sir. On all the airlines that were rated, they were number 10. The people hated them like poison, which I have here somewhere, but it's under my food and who cares? All right. And all right. And all right. It's a question of whether you're wanting to put up with this comfort and getting their real crappy America wife is a real horse baller line. I hate them like poison. I detect them. I will not slide them again. You know, the thing you read this morning about the guns, a hundred and ninety two million guns. Yes. It's so absurd. I can't even fall in the fact that there will be a hundred and ninety two million guns. Well, we're a heart of the American side. Right. I'm a man. It's a great shock to you, but it's probably American male mentality is the whole gun thing that said love up there. It's an obsession to say there's a lot of business. Yeah. Like you said, the gun people have not the worry about. There's all the guns they need out there already. So. Okay, pound. Have a good time and figures. He just the crap down just like. Like that. Well, these people are strange today and all the little on the spastic side, which is great. Like them a little spastic. Just like that crazy bitch. I love it. Talk about the Edkins. What a talk about the Edkins. Guess what, honey. Yeah. That'll work out real well for you. She's already got a lot of practice. Five six seven, five, six, the pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Cleveland or Fort Waterdale. Which one do you prefer? It's a hell of a place for a lot of deal. Man, you got Los Olis there and then you got Los Olis and you got Los Olis. It's about it. Nothing airman. Fort Waterdale is as a Baron as the inside of a band-aid box. There's nothing in there. But it's a great urban center. That's what Kingsley guys says. There at the Sun Sentinel. This is a great, great community. It's a fantastic. People are coming here from all over the world. Take a look at Los Olis and there. There are magic loops. The hot jet girl is here. First day soon. Bottom up the blurs. The beer goes down the shoes. Oh, young man. The car is here. Will it work? All fans look like such and judge. To grab the apple pie. It goes to the nurse. It's one roasting after another. We still use these dim blurs. Mother, she makes big grand. She's in with the promised bed. I can't believe it's now three. It's 95th birthday of the scene. Maybe you will wonder why they call it apple pie. How young is this girl? It comes on Monday and two right in pure American pie. For David we'll be second, 30. She sure would not be alive. The only teams all party after the pound. All the kids think this movie is the bomb. We'll try to get into the cold and cold. Oh, by the way, the big story which I haven't even gotten to. And it's already our second hour this morning. We'll show you how full of play this today. It's a little over passenger symbol of rage. This is a local lady. By the way, I said we ought to build a statue to her. Carized damp with tears put trisha lemmeries hung back shortly from the cameras in East Boston, courthouse Wednesday. The Miami resident who had met to a fiery temper and was arrested in Boston last week for swearing to play the tenes aboard an American Airlines jet. Use the small quiet voice to answer questions from the press. Yes, she was surprised that her case still on resolved after when they was hearing has gone this far. Yes, she felt mistreated and a little nauseated, but she had no regrets. Being kind of the face of adversity is a virtue she said, but losing your patience, she said, is not necessarily a crime. Nice going. G's of a trisha, whatever your name is. Lemmeries is a attorney public defender Robert Simeon said he couldn't reach the agreement, uh, horrible plea bargain. He was aiming he said for an agreement that would leave no mark on her record. This is the woman. I got the whole story here from the other day. This is one of the most amazing stories in the history of the human race. Something hostile in the air, woman arrested for altercation aboard airplane. One passenger said she overheard one attend and tell another that Lemmeries had better get her butt back in her seat because if she gets stuck, that's her problem. When they're moving to your food carts down the aisle, you know, that's what this was all about. In a courthouse this morning, meaning yesterday, morning, my mother resident Patricia Lemmeries will defend herself on criminal charges that stem she believes from one key fact that she spoke, I one word explodate to a flight attendant. Were you aware by the way that you're not supposed to say the effort and they have plain? No, no, can't say it. How do you like that? In fact, when you get on the plane, that's the first thing that they always tell you. Please don't tell the escalator. Right, that's the first thing they always say. It's a tale of in flight tension between a passenger and airline crew that started with grumbling, escalated into swearing and weeks take were chandelier when Massachusetts State Troopers met her at the airplane door. Troopers met her at the airplane door. On Tuesday, her travel agent informed her that a murkan airline had banned her for a life from its flight, which means she woke it to see all smoky no more, I guess. They wouldn't even refund her ticket back to Miami. But the curse ward and the treatment by airline employees that Lemmeries says provoked is that the heart of the conflict that landed her in jail on Thursday charged with disorderly conduct and interfering with a flight crew, landed her in jail. Lemmeries will be represented by public defendivities, Boston District Court, so she can't believe she could go to jail for being in a bad mood during a flight. I didn't threaten anybody, I didn't beat anybody up, I didn't even put my hand in anybody's person, she says. Her story comes at a time of the crease tension there travel when passengers are lodging more complaints about the airline, and airline employees are setting a rise in unruly and threatening behavior. After a few vivid examples of passenger violence, many carriers have established zero tolerance policies promising to prosecute disruptive flyers. But passengers complain of being heard like cattle, yes, crammed into shrinking seat, snap that, lied to, subjected to treatment that makes frustration boil in the anger. What do they lie? That's one thing the airline's do better than almost anybody else in the world, they lie. They tell you you're going to be picking off in 20 minutes, they really need like 45 minutes, they sit there and they tell you nothing. I will be back to you in a minute and let you know and they give you all kinds of lies. That's their motto by the way, all the airlines. Not just, yeah, we're ready when we feel like it. Not when you are. So the events that unfolded on American Airlines like 2049 stopped from Miami to Boston, Logan International Airport last Thursday could be viewed as yet another tell from the battlefront. Lemmar East, 20 at an art dealer said she already had a lousy date by the time she boarded a plane in Miami by 11 am. Her wallet had been stolen that morning. She was tired. She wasn't in the mood for a conflict. This is an amazing story. Midway through the two and a half hour flight, she rose from her window seat in road 25, stepped into the aisle to roll up so artwork had become crumpled during transport. At the time, the flight attendants were about to push the meal carts to the front of the plane and Lemmar East was blocking their path. On nearby passenger, Michelle Hudson said she overheard one of ten and tell another that Lemmar East had better get her butt back at her seat because if she gets stuck, that's her problem. Lemmar East had a flight attendant told her to move to an empty aisle seat but by the time she got there, the occupant had returned from the restroom so she walked to the first class section and stood between the conflict and the kitchen waiting for the meal cart to pass her row. Three times Lemmar East said she walked down the aisle to try to split past the meal cart. Each time she said the flight attendants wouldn't let her through. How do you like this? She told me the F-lers. After her third attempt Lemmar East recalled, she turned to the flight attendant in the first class section and said, I guess your stuck with me for another f-ring 20 minutes because it seems that I'm under punishment. The flight attendant currently told Lemmar East that the word she used the F-word was for bitten on an airplane. Oh, this is the best! This is the greatest story in the history of America. You can own an automatic or semi-automatic weapon. That's okay. You can't have a marijuana plant in your backyard and you certainly can't say the F-word on their plan. Look there it! You know, just before they start chewing about how to fasten your seatbelt where the oxygen tickles, they always say, they always say, yeah, I never heard of it. Every flight that I'm on, they always say that. Lemmar East answered that she was exercising her first amendment right. The flight attendant then reported her to the captain. I worked in construction for the last nine years Lemmar East said in interview this week. That epipet isn't such a great deal. Within minutes, Lemmar East who said she felt like a chasing school girl was arguing with the attendants that an off-duty pilot was sitting in first class joined a verbal parade defending the flight attendants of course. Lemmar East said the pilot, Jamb is finger-writer. She said she used the word again in a sentence that went about like this. Kelly F.ing store just to get out of my way and I'll gladly get back to my seat. What's wrong with that? She should have said, tell the F.ing store just got her my way on a glad they go back to my F.ing seat. That's what she should have said and F.ing. two by the way. She should have said. Lemmar East said she demanded the name of the pilot a flight attendant refused to give a door. So when another flight attendant asked for her name, Lemmar East wouldn't tell her. By the time the plane landed at Logan several passages that offered their names and telephone numbers to flight attendants, pledging to support them as witnesses, but to suck holes. Hudson who said she was insensitive by the cruise nasty behavior toward her own family that day, since he would support Lemmar East, he told the attendants that they were wrong. They were so rude, Hudson said they deserve the passenger response. Reached Tuesday, American Airlines spokesman Mark Slytt rhymes with, said he couldn't come it on the airline side of the story, but while American might not have a specific policy again swearing, he said the airline is tough on passenger misconduct. If it gets to a point where passenger language makes a flight attendant feel threatened in some way or abused in some way, there's something we would find intolerably said. Flight attendants are expected to be polite, but courtesy is a two-way street. He said, passengers with complaints would call the airlines custom relations department and file a report. I guess while they're stating they're trying to get back to the seat, pass the meal cart in the aisle. Lemmar East said he's considering a lawsuit and said, you go, girlfriend. Yeah, so they're asked. And tell me get the guy to smoke out of your eyes while I read it. When the plant wait till you hear this, when the plane landed and bossed in Massachusetts, they troopers all around to the airport, Barrison handcuffs and handcuffs. Lemmar East said she was in tears, but by the time she was released on $50 bail five hours later, she was angry again. This is an industry that promotes this behavior of lying in the seat and bullying. They're going on the wrong approach. You said, you're asking for what you get. You're really asking for what you get. F then Patricia, nice go and sweetheart. What I'm having. American suck. Oh, god. They do you know my jockey shorts. There was no farmer who's his own aero. He said in the middle just he said some boys who were down by the prick. There be in the waters. There ends on their marbles and play things and had had past war. There came a young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruggles and leases and white club feet done. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin. While the boys in the bar yard were shoveling, wrapped you in the air from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye at the fellow down by the duck, he looked like a man with a side of the whole home in the country with a big fence out front. If he had her phone like they she'd show him her nisso best of who was subject to fit. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick. And then she then over and sucked down his candy so tasty made of butter sky. And then he's threatened with cream all over her cub. He said she had left out on her shelf. If they just sit there, these you can go there. 1116 at 560 WQ and by the way happy birthday to Marianne Greg Reed's wife. Who's birthday is today. He said go be sure and say happy birthday to my wife and I said okay. And by the way that the check cleared. 560 560 560 560 on the mobile one line that bonus check that I had a scream and holler and threaten to walk out to get yesterday, which he didn't mention that by the way. I just thought I'd mention that myself. He looked kind of embarrassed. But I guess that we just were coming in. 560 560 560 560 on it. Well he always looks embarrassed. I mean you know because what do you see in you know it's Greg Reed. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. This is the home of the brave and the free isn't it? Yeah. Can't say the effort on a plane are you going to get arrested? I do like that. Right. I want to mention something of our article. That's obviously what I make my reservations. I feel like I'm being held up without a gun when I give you the price. Yes go ahead sir. Actually a report I saw you yesterday on Channel 7 about a priest. He had sent some pictures. Apparently he was talking this guy. And he sent this pictures of him naked to the right. And of course there's no a ride back in the church. Yeah. Anyway the interview to him and boy he looks like a farm bank. And I just want to let you know about that. And I appreciate your show and me my wife love you. All right. I feel like see a pal by the way speaking that that reminds me none in Juliet and Illinois arrested for racist graffiti. I'm hearing it. A 66 year old nun has been arrested for scrolling racist graffiti in a hospital where she worked as a chaplain. True story. Police said sister Dorothy Tolman a Franciscan nun admitted that she was responsible for graffiti found in the emergency room lobby and in a washroom at Provena St. Joseph Medical Center she was arrested on Wednesday yesterday. She confessed right away said Juliet police captain James Grace. She said she did it because she wanted to see how the hospital would react. Maybe she said the effort. Oh dear for the old sister huh. You go girlfriend. Tolman was charged with two consequences for the face of the property. Punishable by up to six to 12 months in jail. She was released on hundred dollars bond. The graffiti included anti black and white supremacy messages. According to hospital spokesman Clint G's she was fired immediately after a confession. The graffiti began to appear after racist literature would distribute at the hospital and they into separate incidents. How do you like that? Here's a racist freaking nun. But please don't say the effort. Because the rain in Spain falls mainly on the plane. And the flight attendants are pissed off about that too. I got news for it. There's plenty of these flight attendants. I mean I realize they had to put up a lot of crap. But that doesn't mean they're always right. And the idea that you have to be is that it's like a kindergarten. It's kind of like a plan hockey for Terry Murray. It's like a kindergarten. That's right. Oh don't you get not ordered now and you stay right exactly there where I tell you and you don't say the wrong words. You can't say the effort on a plane. How about if you're having a private conversation with somebody and they over here? I think you're still going to jail as what I think. Yeah. This is one of the most incredible stories in the history of American news and nobody's talking about it. Woman arrested for altercation because she said the effort because they wouldn't get the F and cart out of a orphan way so she can get back to where F and C. I say F them and F American. I say American West and American Airlines. Those two suck. And every now and then I do want to get stuck having a fly American Airlines and believe me I'm not too happy about it because they seem to kind of like you know take off whatever they feel like it and be ready whatever they feel like it which is never on time. And as much as I love my international airport. I know a lot of you hated. I like it because I fly out of that a lot. The only problem I ever have is when I'm flying to American Airlines because most of their terminals over there are any but what I call the banana boat part of the airport. Yeah. Where they're all going. No speaking in English that's where you find the American part of the airport. So once you get over there it's like oh boy what just happened? Did I just wake did I was I in a coma time warp and I woke up in a foreign country here and they've been animal paradise. Even if you're going like a 10 American place you still have to go over there in that part of the airport that's like no speaking in English and then you understand why so many people resent going to MIA. Where we going here's Miami. Hello speaking to MIA yes sir. Miami? 24 minutes 47 seconds and it's not that they've vanished you could just hear the phone go on and cradle right there. Here's Boca. Hello. Yeah sir. I found that so I said hey listen. Yeah. Kind of small my sister about the the priest. Now I'm listening to your heart. I'm waiting for the material here. I'm not sure. I thought I lost it anyway but I don't I'm pretty close watching it on the news this morning. Did you think I'm talking this guy? Yeah. He offered the guy $200 for a hug. For what? I left him. He offered him $200 for what? For a hug. Yeah. You know like a great. Let me say okay well listen get a phone at Worson call me back because it sounds like a mildly a moderately interesting story or not as the case maybe whatever. Wow. Little problem communicating with the outside world here today. 567560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Nobody got any opinions about this thing with his poor lady here. I'm I anyone know less getting screwed by the airline. Nobody got any opinion about that. Nobody's familiar with this story about poor Patrice Lemarees, whatever your whole name is. I'm on your side sweetheart Patricia I'm with you honey. F.M. F.M. is a junior. That's what I say. F.M all the way to the back to the terminal. Can't say the F.W. on an airplane. Well what kind of a what kind of crap is that? Just made it up. How about S8? Can you say that? No. Maybe they got a list of words just like the FCC. You can't say him on radio. You can't say him on television and you also can't say him on an airplane. I wonder what like when a plane is going down. You think that they say holy or they probably say oh my gosh this don't look good. Yeah they don't say oh S8. They don't say that because that's illegal. Don't wind up in hell when they hit the ground if they do that. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. How you doing Neil? Okay sir. I'm not sure. I know it's not to subject you really wanted to discuss this morning but did you read this the Sun's Sentinel this morning when they were talking about that I had the old IOD case with Brian Kyle. I already talked about that. Sure that's last hour's news. I talked about it in the hour ago. I just turned it on. I'm sorry Neil. Can I make a comment about it? Yeah. I thought I didn't know that they had made a they often 30,000 dollars to make the case go away. I would have just let him fight it out. Sure you don't understand that's a tell me. Sure you don't understand it's a drop in a bucket compared to the legal fees they've had to pay and are continuing to pay. So that's what happens if a lot of those deals is that somebody will pay a relatively minor amount to make it go away and spit set up and hundreds of thousands of attorneys would like to keep the meter running. Did he? Did he? Did he? Did he shoot Phil Henry and the station of the station? Oh. And both cases are still pending. Yeah. They're on one of the story say they're not pending it was thrown out the judge threw it out they're filing an appeal the story said when it doubt they threw it out. Okay so it's finally over and done with. Sir do you understand what I just said? Let me say it again. The judge they didn't make out of the Brian Cox's attorneys didn't make any new pleadings in any of the for an extra number of months and if you don't do that that means the case automatically gets thrown out of court it's finished they will file an appeal tomorrow but for now it's finished over history do you follow me sir? I agree. Okay. How they life. Oh wow. This is really special today you know it's not that we're talking to crazy people like that. Right couldn't have done a better myself even with my raw throat. What a hell did Roy want by the way. Okay looking for some other handout he wants to talk to you about something about what he didn't say was going to charge in there while you were talking to that guy. What do you want to do? You're going to charge in here while I'm out. This is a radio show we can't just keep barging in here stealing cigars stealing bill loads and stuff while I'm on the air here. What the hell is that? What do you mean anyway? I got to talk to your boy. It's a great time to break. Let's get Patricia in here to give him the word okay. That's what I think the word is that Roy is looking for. Starts with an F. Love it. I'm doing a spot do you want to see a question on the one on the air? I'm going to give you a question on the air. I'm going to give you a question on the air. I already did it last hour but I got a whole bunch of stuff here. You're a doctor and it's for you. It was just brought in here yesterday. Sam your man and there brought me this stuff here yesterday. How could I have my supposed to be psychic? There were telling me you'd say one more of us. Because I didn't know nothing about it. How was I going to say about it? You're coming in here arguing with me about providing a lot of an animal in the middle of the road. I'm on the air doing a radio show. This is a microphone here, Roy. We're on the air. We're on the radio. No, of course I had a lot of OJ to be in the turn. What else? What's OJ got to do with it? He's a murderer too. He's a murderer. How about Ted buddy? Let's bring him back. He's a murderer. Are we going to have an OJ? I'm already a minute behind my spot here for my good friends at Loubback Road. It's on the label that you're coming in here in the middle of a show. Did you? Did my loser that or did I hear and see what I just heard in the saw? Joe Costello was looking up and on the hallway to see if OJ's out there. This is a crazy person. Did I promote this golf tournament last hour, which is written down over here, which is given to me yesterday afternoon by Sam? Yes. Now he comes back again for more. What is it? What is he doing here? Does he think I'm intimidated by him and that psychotic look on his face? Which I'm not? What where is the program director? Where is the general manager? Where's security? You know, I've been doing this for a fellow in years and every, every few weeks I experienced things that I'd never experienced before. We're already two minutes past the break. He couldn't wait another minute until I finished doing the spot to ask me about that during a commercial break, which was coming up because it was so urgent. We're doing this golf tournament and I don't want OJ. What do I care whether OJ's in it or not? I got nothing to do with it. It has nothing to do with me. What kind of a place is this be generating into? And he and he failed to understand that I'm here. Read my lips. I'm doing a radio show. This is a live microphone. We're on the air Mr. Roy. This isn't a locker room. Where's Patricia when we need her? It's 1129 already here at 2 a.m. Look back road announces a fantastic clear and say a little little. You'll loo can do the right way. Well, there are a lot of reasons why they're the only ones to do it right because first of all said it's just one crappy location. They've got two great Broward locations easy to find. The one where I always what was that? Would you tell me what that was? This man barges in here in the middle of a radio show, which I'm already three minutes past and gets into a engaging me in an argument about a stupid golf tournament and I don't want OJ in it, which I don't know whether he's in it or not and couldn't care less. That has no idea. Roy Foster, by the way ladies and gentlemen, also known as Roy, a crazy person. He's a good boy, a good boy. He's a good boy. He's a good boy. He's a good boy. He's a good boy. He's a good boy. Oh, where do you pick up the back if you could ride it? Oh, where do you pick up? Where do you pick up? Where do you pick up? Can't go slow, don't you? I'm gonna go slow down, I can do this face. I'm gonna go big slow, blow this back. You don't think I can spell this tail where it's at. There you go, there you go, there you go, that's where it gets me and I'll. You know how to think of all this ride. That's the chase to the show that's a how. Who would be the skits by the hour? Vanjoo, Vanjoo, Vanjoo, Vanjoo, Vanjoo, Vanjoo, Vanjoo, Vanjoo, Vanjoo. What are you looking at? All I see, everything in this world, all that I've ever needed to realize, and it's meant me when my life can feel, all my passion and cruelty, your happiness is my duty, and about my temptation, to make the dark I feel, to make the dark I feel, all that I've ever had, you don't have to be mine, I'll be mine, but I'll be mine, from the death of my soul, if you're my country, if you're asking to mine, I'll do this one, now do this one, I'll be mine, but I'll be mine, but I'll be mine, if for you, if that time I keep on, get nowhere I want to go into that day, I'll come here, now you're up in my life, you're new to my death, in a world called a change, to the power of the world, to the power of the world, to the power of the world, to the power of the world, if you don't have to be mine, then we will, the world will be mine, I'll be mine, but I'll be mine, if for you, if that time I keep on, get nowhere I want to go into that day, if you're asking to mine, I'll do this one, you're back, you're back, you're back, you're back, you're back, you're back, you're back, you're back, you're jumboing away, you're forgot you're anything today, I'm the Tesla kind, it's beyond my jaw, with my silly throat, it's everything you need, if you don't have to be mine, I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. So we have a good time, you know what? No. I say FM. You know what I'm talking about? Roooo! And it's real friend, too, by the way. Anyway, it's a 21 before noon. Can I do this break, please? I'm now we finally caught up the time that we lost before when a crazy person. Roooo! Can we just do the break now because it's your money? I really don't care, okay? The 25 bucks isn't gonna really change my life. But I'd like to get this spot in and pretend we're running a professional radio station here and believe me, especially emphasize the word pretend. Can I tell you about my good friend, my perfect friend, Jeff Cohen, who was in here today, brought us a great feast yesterday. And I want to tell you something about pizza lock. No extra charge for the benefits you give from it either. Even if you've been plugged up for 20 years. Even if you live like in sunrise, you can still go in here with a no time. But always say, wow, the food was great and a no extra charge. Please don't bring any more food. Get this man out of here now. Move that fat man. Now we got another big fat crazy person. We already had the food. Thank you very much. Good bye, fat boy. Go away. Have a nice time. We'll see you down there in Highly. At the old hand job joint. Go away, please. Please. Okay. Okay. But I can't get to a spot here today. The audience must think that this is a this is sick. I'm trying to do is do already a show. Get to spots in for my good friend, Jeff Cohen, who's paying for a spot. Not for a fat boy running around here. We're not stuck. The cow could be weird. I really made quite a mistake. She didn't love me. She only loved my mom and Mr. So good to laugh my thighs. My home is dying. She's not the girl. I've got a cash on the card. She's been back on today. I really had a mistake. I had a cheetah. I've got a bag. I've got a bag. I know. She's gonna get it all. She's gonna buy it. I know. She's gonna get it all. She's gonna buy it. I know. She's gonna buy it. She's gonna buy it. She's gonna buy it. She's gonna buy it. She's gonna buy it. I know. I know. I know. Okay. It's 145. It's 155. 60 WQM. You're crazy place for the 90's baby. So Greg Green was just in here. Yeah. 560560. Pound 560. Unimobile one line. So we were doing a show about it. It's like I'm in a time warp. I was in a show. Actually we're going along pretty good here for a Thursday in the middle of the dog day. You know. And all of a sudden it's like, like, do this all really just tap an hour. Is this again? Like when I drove home from the airport on Sunday night and forgot that the long stretch of 75. And then we got fat boy who just doesn't get the message. We don't want to see you fat boy. We don't want any more of your food. We don't want to see you go away. Take your suspenders. Give him the rich and a red. Go away. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? How are you doing? Oh, Greg. I got a couple of the S stories for you. I was at in the greatest city to gamble in the world for that matter lost Vegas. So that table is Emerald Palace and this guy said next to me I've never met before. And he makes the comment that the cards are ethane brutal. Uh-huh. The deal gets offended. She calls the pitball so over. It falls to sure. You can't use lying as like that to table. He says, he's not. He says, I didn't say it. The girl said I said to this gentleman conversation. Yeah. So come in. So I was at the conversation police. Some other diffutus have any wrong conversations. Say, Bob, I don't have any place. This is, you can't do that either. Well, that's just to give up. You know, then she comes back because the guy used the B word with the girl. And I said, listen, I didn't hear nothing. She says, sure, this is that man is a guess of our hotel. He can stay. But I'm going to have to ask you to leave the table. They actually actually leave their casino. I says, you know, place I own house. You need me to stay here. I do need me more than I do. What place was this? And real palace. I don't even know where that is. Imperial. I'm sorry. Imperial palace. Yeah. That's fucking bitch. Yeah. And then on the way home, I'll tell you that. I had a problem with Patricia. I was on the way home. I had to have a rupture of nature. I did a good time with Luz Monny. And the later, you had to put up your window shade. I said, man, I'm not comfortable with taking off in London. So I put it up. Put it back down to you. She comes back to sure. You have to put that up. I'll find. I go to sleep. She wakes me up at the end of the trip. Tell me again. Sir, you have to put that with never explaining why. If I said, listen, are you just having a bad day? Are you just a bitch? And she, one doctor, supervised. And she, one doctor, supervised. I was just, Browage, just escorting me off the plane. Hmm. They're going to press charges. Isn't that something? They can do whatever the hell they want to. Once they can make a sit there, they can lie to us. They can sit there with no error in the goddamn plane. All kinds of crap. Get us there in our two hours, three hours late. Why about now functions with a plane? Anything they want. But if we whisper a word, they don't like right away. The cops are going to be waiting for you when you get off the plane. They want their resty. But the thing was, I never let my see. I said, how can I be disturbing the plane when two people, two rows. I had to meet. Didn't hear me speak there. And I never let my see. You all said went back and asked them if I let my see. They said, so the cops are not there. Well, we can't put him in jail. We would like people we can. I just wanted to share that with their audience. Well, don't put him in jail. Don't put him in jail. Don't be chronic. How good they are. Okay. Five, six. I mean, this is the second time you've been lucky enough. I mean, you haven't done a show very often, Joe. But I think this is the second time. I think you are on the work in the first day when I had that. Concert times to with Louang with my close good personal friend, screw-in. Yeah. When she came down, see, that's where part of the problem lies is we have too many incestuous relationships in this building with the wrong people. Some of whom don't belong in the building. Maybe it's me. Maybe it's your costume. Maybe it's the vibes. Okay. Maybe you attracted Roy. Maybe you drew him into the room. Or maybe you caused screw-in to be sitting in there. Which I have no idea why she's sitting in there at the same desk. Because quite frankly, we like her a lot better when she's done on a second floor. And we're up here. Everything going along a little bit too well for these people. It all I'm saying, if book comes out, we're doing great. Everything is going a little bit too well. They like adversity. They like psychosis. I don't. Remember what I said about that take for tomorrow? I'd have one ready. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes. What did they think they are? Everything I'm fired? Yeah. Why don't they resign in mass and we'll have some people go up there to connect. I'm surprised. They're not strong people off the plane. You're out of here. You know like that. But here. Am I thinking, okay, first why are they just tell us the truth? North West Carolina tells me what's going on. American camp. They lie about him. I've never flown on Northwest. In fact, everybody I talk to tells me that Northwest sucks. I don't know why. Maybe it sucks, but they still tell you what's going on. Yeah. So not really going to get you there for hours later. At least they tell you you're going to be for hours later. Right. They don't tell you my spouse. Well, it's going to be another 20 minutes. I mean, they don't know anything about just using a situation up in the air apparently. I mean, come on. Let's train these people how to deal with situations. Yeah. Forget their Bible bump and put it back in church and forget about it on the plane. Okay. Thank you. I just want to make sure he was done. You know, he was rolling along the opposite. That was it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Or did I say, yeah, you're like that guy to call. I love that guy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Thank gobers out of flag with a by the way, can you sit yourself lucky? I'm not a lucky and you're plunging your brains out out there. But you don't have to be here today because we got crazy people running around this place today. We got the Jimmy Johnson show five to six. We got the Huracoon Hotline, six date. And then we have Jim Eddog, Mandajate, Nintendo Orlando, Elzigorea, 10. And after that, I'm going to bed. I'm going to sleep and I'm going to put my head on it pillow for a long, long snooze. Here's Davey. Hello. Davey. 29 minutes and five seconds. And gone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And of course part of that problem was because. Rall! That is way behind there. That's why somebody's poor bans did either went into a coma. Maybe he even died while they're on hold there because the whole show got screwed up. We don't care about that. It's only the top rated show on a radio station. We don't give a crap about that. That we got some crazy person running around interrupting the show while it's on the year. And Greg Reed's comment is, oh, that was pretty dumb. Like that. That was his comment. Yeah. Because I think he's afraid of he opens up his mouth and probably somebody might beat the crap out of him. I don't want to mention no names. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, you know, I'm doing it today. Okay, sir. I'm talking about my family here. Hey, what's on that? I was a slide of 10th or a number of years for an airline down here in Miami. And it was, it was no big deal of people got out of their seat if you're serving a meal. I mean, you'd fell in thousands of your life. It's going to be two or three minutes. Let us finish up the rail here. You move it 15 or 20 feet. Right. That was a deal. I've done that. You see it every, every flight you're on almost. You see that happening. I mean, when you got to go, you got to go for whatever reason. And that's it. And they accommodate you and you accommodate them. And people are a little bit curious to each other. You don't have to start getting, you know, why is with people? Yeah. And I think with this thing with the, the airlines cracking down on language. And I think they're running so inefficiently now. And, and passengers are just taking it out on anybody that they can. I get to drive into driving the faster, still an extreme. And, you know, they don't have anybody to speak to. But the people better on the airplane. Yeah. And you better speak to them realize like, it reminds me of when I was coming back one time on British Air, which I'll never fly again. I'm coming back from Amsterdam to London. Okay. Now the flight from Amsterdam in London is delayed because of fog. Even though I had a long lag time, I still wind up getting there. And we, and we still finally landed in time to make it. And then of course, we have to wait on the runway because there's a plane at our gate. So I said to the flight attendant, I'm standing right there. You know, by the exit, you might get off as soon as we ever get to the, the door open. And I says, there, you think that you folks could call ahead because I have a connection to Miami. You know, out of London. And I don't want to be like, she's, oh, no, don't worry. This fog air, we fly, they'll be delayed. Don't worry. You have nothing to worry about. You think I made, you think I made the flight? You can forget. Oh, no. I went running through there. I went through the security check. I go running. Of course, it's all the way at the other way as far as you can go. And I get there. I said, well, I guess I just made it, huh? She says, oh, no, you're playing left two minutes ago. Was that the same airline that you're connecting to? Yeah, we're just scared. Well, they, they should have been able to do that for you. And they had seven people from the Amsterdam flight that we're going to get on that flight. They didn't give a crap. They couldn't care less. They took off. Right. That's, that's just, they gave your money already. So what's it matter, right? It's not like you're hopping on a question. You've got to fill your, you're changing into the meter. Hey, what's face at Pau's generally speaking, airline suck. Well, I mean, they got you by the short here. There's almost no competition. They suck. Yeah, they've got you by the cajones. Okay, pal. Take it easy. By the way, somebody had facts this to me from the Wall Street Journal. Today Brazil's Torres shows why gun makers are grateful to the US. Torres already the source of nearly one and every 16 guns sold in the US plans. The double its capacity at it's Miami plant this year to keep up with the double digit sales growth. It seems as if the Torres has lost much of its international market. Do the fact that 29 countries like Britain, for example, have outlawed the sale of handguns. So the company is now going into the production of vote, Provest to, by the way, so now we don't have to worry. What did I just get to saying yesterday? Vote, Provest for all the kids in school. You know, now he's starting to get on my nerves too. What in God's name do you want? Vote, Provest for all the kids in school. And he's got the road you want, like some kind of a, like a flucky. What do you want? You kneel? You know, Rogers? How's old, Dean? What do you want, Neil? No, I'm not doing something I need to do the money I want. Sometimes I give him my list of papers. Who else? Who else? You're just, you know, something I'm going to say. Well, that starts choking off the circulation to your little tiny brain. No, that's what I'm saying. You know, it's more brain. You know, it's last week with me. You used waste of the first 30 seconds. Oh, you know, sorry, Neil. I know. I was at the dentist at recent hour, I'm dope. But they were, no less than a holla. But I have a two guest thing. And again, can I just tell you this story? I didn't want the one that's funny. It's, through this carryover you used to live with happiness. She, she flew continental. She was in the lettuce row in coach and there was a woman with a stump. And she said the woman was fast and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, And, and the carryover, a husband's a low-life. You should just, which seats, but it's a horror. It's Julia. I fly American because that mile is today. You, you only wish you to have been sent you to the U.S. U.S. on the throne by getting the thumps with that stump. You know, you live with the stump because it'd be very exciting. I'm going to have a stump 24 hours a day. So they said, listen to that talk about your, it's a text. It's a text. I know. Anyway, I just wanted to say how much of your, you know, I fly every week. The aliens are the worst. I, uh, Amsterdam, K-L-M-N-N-L-S-L-S, I'm gross. You're on a good airline, you know that. You're right. Anyway, I, I never want to take time because it's, you know, because, I'm, I'm the star. I'm on that for you or not. That's right. You're a big shot. You suck on big time TV. I just do it in private. That's right. Okay. Yeah. That was out there. Anyway, so three minutes still known at five, 60 WCWM. I think I'm, uh, yeah, really. I'm just going to go, uh, watch that out there. I mean, what a profound line by our really big boss here, Gregory. That was pretty stupid. Yeah, that was pretty stupid. Somebody else would have said, excuse me while I go fire his ass. That's what somebody else responsible person would have said. Can you do it here? Can you fire me? Go to hell. I'm slipping home watching TV. And you're in the beach and fire the really big. But I know that it won't last forever, but don't bel has to ring. Another gentleman's witness. The things they want to say to me. They say, want to say, me. And if I fire, you're a little round on your neck. You think I will drag your arms and my poor child away. If you still want to visit after I drank your acts away. I'll get another one. I'll help you. I'll help you, I'll help you. I'll help you. I'll help you. I'll help you. I'll help you. It's a 12.3, a 5.50, wqa. 5.670, 5.50, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. Don't forget, Joe Costello's auto racing. He shows Saturday morning 6 to 7 before that great. Gone show, we got. Here's Orlando. Orlando. Hello. Anyhow you don't pretty good sir. I was doing great now it's just I'm functioning. All right I was excited. I'm an auto pilot. Auto pilot. Yeah. I was excited to hear Joseph Gackie's gonna be on tonight. Joseph Gackie's gonna be on one. Oh that's okay. Oh my god. Joseph Gackie's gonna be on her Coo and Hotline. Oh my god. Hey Wilson I got a Spirey port. I'm this radio station. Joseph Gackie's gonna be on. No one of this place is going to hell in a hand basket. Tell me I saw you got rid of him. Anyway, I have a Spirey port from up here in Orlando. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Guess who's doing mornings on Coo 105.49. Uh, Joey Reynolds. Aaron Summers. Yeah we already heard that. Yeah and they got Joe nasty doing afternoon. Joe nasty is up there huh? Yeah he's pretty good though. I'm actually a lesbian. Yeah. He's pretty good. Hey have you ever, I know a couple weeks ago. I'm even good guys just misunderstood when he was down here. Well he like Phil. He called him to Phil Henry all the time. Oh he calls in the Phil Wallace time I bet you if you'll knew who it was you'd hang up immediately. Hey yeah I know I know you hate real radio when you uh you don't really want to. I haven't heard real radio. I don't I don't know anything about it. I got in Orlando and I and I but one thing I do hate is when people are like in Tampa and Orlando West Bombies start trying to make comparisons between their radio stations there and stuff that they have you know it's it's literally radio. I know uh because I lived in Miami you know my whole life until a couple years ago and I always listen to you and I had the same impression but you know Jim I know a couple weeks ago you got that spary for about Jim Phillips and he's all right he's okay. I mean when somebody brought that up and then when I opened up an avalanche of Torret of hate we had 9,685 calls and all except two of them said the Jim Phillips sucks and I never heard him in my life and then somebody promised he were going to send me a tape of Jim Phillips and I'm still waiting for it so I I can't comment because I never heard the guy. I could send you a tape he's all right but the real talent on that on that station is the midday guys. Yeah. It caught themselves in monsters of the midday. Yeah it's kind of like uh you know you the bird and captain Dave on Zeta. Uh huh. Kind of that type of show. Great. I could send you a tape of that too. I mean I know you hate the colors that come from Tampa and Orlando like you just said the call up. No you know it's not a question whether I hate them but the fact is just like you were doing now the people talk about stuff that nobody here knows anything about you know I'm saying yeah the people from Tampa always want to talk about lastator and nobody here knows who that is so it's uh it's pointless. Yeah I follow what you said. Okay let's have a great tape out. Yeah anybody know who that is? No. No. 5605 although they didn't know who Jim Phillips was and almost the two or two a one almost unanimously they were like vehemently violently hostile. 560560 on the 18t line. Aspartame the bad news I don't know if I I'm my head is just scramble. I don't know if I want to do this today because people are gonna say well there he goes again spreading that evil propaganda. And by the way the doctor that fact me that stuff that crap that cock off from the internet about proctivin gamble and Satan all that stuff that's more of that internet crap that idiots put on there and it gets circulated and it's just it's just crap okay it's garbage and those people were never on Sally Jesse and it's just more internet's will from lifeless in basoles. My best advice is this unless you're doing something really useful informative constructive stimulating stay off unit that's my best advice unless you want to interact with crazy people and if that's the case I'm happy to listen to the show. 560560560 on the 18t wireless line here's a lady in lady mobile in bokeh hello. Yeah. Yes ma'am. How are you? I'm one of those people who do peanuts radio and small town in Virginia but listening to you my husband and I were driving up the road we want to know if we can contribute to Patricia's defense fund. Mm-hmm wouldn't that be great. Wouldn't it wouldn't it be wonderful because we's uh I hope she suits their ass for about 20 million and collect 50 million. Oh I agree because we've had problems with the American and with Northward Northward Northward. Yeah to which my husband asked this slide attended and he would like her into your name on her because we were on a tarmac for three hours and they wouldn't let you get a live. Mm-hmm. To the bathroom. Yeah. All right. Anyway love you chef. Okay. I hope. Paka. 56070560 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line board. I have a splitting headache now or one. I mean just pounding splitting. I feel like I have an andville hammer right just right above the uh the sinuses there right in between the uh eyes being pounded by a little guy inside with the a liberty bell just banging away and clinging away. That's what I feel like right now. So thanks a lot. Oh my day you asshole you in basil. I guarantee what thing he's another. At one yeah. Oh yeah just like Brian Cox's a I think Roy is a two if you ask me. 20 uh what is it 20? I'll see when a big hand is on the 12 and a small hand is okay it's an even as past noon. No seriously I'm in a time war pride now. I don't know what day it is what planted I'm on. I don't know from Uranus. I think it's about 12 away here at 560WQM. I think the pressure is getting to them because not only do we have the Jimmy Johnson show today but we got this hurrah cool and stuff starting now. And I think that with all of these things that they're trying to jam in here now you know plus that golf tournament that we had those promo sport boards are now torn up in a waste basket. Just too many different things that I'll go on at the same time and then Santa course is in there and something must have somebody must they hit him with an ugly stick because he looked just like a little way when I went there before. Is that incredible? I don't know where he went on vacation but maybe he went to Brazil. You know there are a lot of guys who are women and women who are guys so Santa didn't hit some kind of a transplant because he looks just like screw in. Oh look here. And I think it's gonna be as long as I'm full of time back when only one thing just There are all this seule really no no no safety can I get back Call the vape, I very much, cuz all's gone It will take lots of that we want them dry No thank you so much for this guy After we take care of the official will take care of you. Okay, I'll tell them about 14 at 5.60 QA. Here's the piece from the paper this morning about air travel complaints rising. The only problem is my friend John and like with fact is to me, but the alternate the odd numbers here like 1-3-5 so that's right. You can't read them there too dark. But I've been able to be cypher from the article. It says with the acceptance of Southwest Airlines, customer complaints about nearly every major US air carrier jumped sharply in the first half of this year. In the best, in other words, the fewest complaints by far it says by far Southwest. Now, I never fly Southwest, I've never flown them ever because by frankly they don't go anywhere. I mean, I think you can fly from the Fort Latterdale to Vegas on Southwest, it takes eight stops. You know, and it's one of those deals where they just fly low and they let they drop you out. Yeah, right now it's a low budget thing, you know, low or low fairs, low budget. Yeah, you can fly from Southwest to Seattle to take 72 stops. If you leave January, you will get there before the end of the year. But the least complaint against Southwest and maybe part of the reason for that being that they don't go anywhere long, long, long holes, not from here anywhere. Although this is nationwide. Number two, I can't make out. Can't read it. Oh, here it is. It's Alaska. That's right. That's one of the ones I can't read. Alaska Airlines. Anybody here flying Alaska Airlines? Oh, probably John Henry when he goes up there to, you know, get on his 155 foot yacht. The same guy that wants us to build a $400 million stadium form of the retractable roof that guy. I must be crazy. I must be not that guy. Number three is Delta, which surprises me because as far, see, you're going to think that I'm just a bad guy because I can't say too much good about any airline. I used to be able to tell you, you know, air Canada was getting better and it's not really their fault. It's just that they've had all kinds of problems with a person that airport in Toronto with runaway closings and construction and so they're late all the time out. But they generally pretty good. Even other food sucks. And they don't lie to you too much. Continental number four can't read number five. This is the order of going to the higher you get the worst it is. America worst is number six, T w weight number eight, seven and nine I can't read. And the worst of all of the worst 10, number 10 American Airlines. Most complaints. Especially from the non-smokers. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. No. Yes sir. Did you have managed to run the air last night? Yes, I did, but we, you got it there Joe. One second please. We'll play it for you. Come on baby. Come play with these titties. There you go. Boy service, are we on top of it or what? Yeah, I'll have a show going here today until about 20 after 11. Now I'll have a sudden the board is sitting out my hair is sitting out even more than it was before my throat is getting raw by the second. I'm losing my appetite for being here today. I'm wondering if this place is coming totally unglue that you're seems like it. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Okay great. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T, nine, two lines left at the board. Let's try a lady in Miami. Hello. Yeah, I'm Heidi Yoke. Good morning. Well, I've been hearing how you've been doing today. I was able to go to a great level of an hour ago. I was having a really good day and then all of a sudden I had a crazy person come in here and disrupt the whole program. Well, I'll tell you. I've been, I've simplified Swiss Patricia and I do hope she sees the pants off the arm because I believe you said this to our persons, trying to show company for a long time. And I can understand that because I've been working for the automobile industry for over 11 years and I work with nothing but mechanics. And it sticks to you. Unfortunately, does it sound sexy? It's not feminine. That words don't sound great. Come now, the woman's mouth. But it sticks to you after working with men for such a long time, especially in businesses like this. But not way, way to, not only that. What business do people on the airline keep in mind? They're not doing your favor. You're not doing your favor. You're paying them. And usually through the nose. You're paying them. I hell of a lot of money to provide you with a service to provide you with a flight from point A to point B. And those people are supposed to be there to treat you courtesy and make your experience pleasant. And the idea that they're going to tell you what language is acceptable or not, what that was that? Is it not the Germany? It's getting to B. Yeah, we want to be so democratic, but we're getting worse and a lot of other countries. See, we take the S-word. Okay, sweetheart. Have a good one, darling. Okay. You go girl Patricia, while for you sweetheart. F-allum, especially those American Airlines, and you know something American Airlines, by the way, they really know how to win over the public. Remember when they had all those cancellations and all the post-boments where they had that strike last spring and they were getting people pissed off by the millions and people were side-cock and I'll never fly this F-and-Air line again. Oh, you can't use that words. Well, if you win anyway, you know. And then they've had all these flights lately. More problems than only other airlines put together last year for months here. The smoke and a cockpit and flights have it at turnaround. They've had a space. Can I say that out in the air? No. A space of problems lately. So, here's just one more way is to get up and eat with one of the passengers who really wasn't that like she was throwing things or hitting people, or acting like a crazy person. She was just pissed off and fired up and I rate and getting impatient because they were scrolling with her. That's all. And so they got the goddamn state troopers waiting for when a plane landed Boston. The storm troopers are waiting there to drag her up to the goddamn ovens. Is that what it's all about? Right here's the headline. Air travel complaints rising American though worst. That's what it says right there and black and white. Right in front of my post. Here's Pompano. Hello. Yeah, and you know how you doing? Okay, sir. I agree with you 100% about American Airlines and the top it off when you travel over internationally to go surfing they charge you $50 each way per sur for. Anyway, but that's not any of my question. My question to you is $50 for what? Do you mean the sort of the stoic? You have to carry it to try out. Not only do they charge you $350 around trip but per sur for they charge you $50 each each way. Where are they sticking if I dare ask that question? Who knows? Who knows? It stuck somewhere. Yeah. But listen, I have a question. Did Joseph Gacky get run over by a truck or something? Is that why his face is so funny? As a young boy, I mean, inverted his nose. It knows actually that the full plastic surgeon's try to pull his nose back out so it wasn't inverted deep in bed in this pussy. All right. That's all I wanted to say. Have a great day. You've another lot of freak's going. Okay. Joseph Gacky sucks. Okay. 560, 505, 60, Pomp5, 60. That's one thing we can all agree on it is building. Of course, except for Hank who's got, I think Joseph got naked pictures of Hank in that bill of goat. He don't like Joe that much, but he never lets on. 560, 705, 60, Pomp5, 60 on the AT&T line. God, it's only 20 after 12. Jesus Christ. I mean, usually you sit here. You can see like a little light at the end of the tunnel. And about an hour ago, I could see it too. Now it's getting darker by the minute. You know what I'm saying? Roll. Real dark. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. You two, the story on a news last night about the woman that was thrown off to part of a cruise ship. No. I sure hope you didn't say the F. We're all going to be wrong. No, no, no. She was on one of these new smoke free ships. And evidently it was visiting three or four plants in the Caribbean. And at one of the stops, she purchased the packet of cigarettes on a show. I brought her back onto the ship. Are you sure there was a cigarette? Yeah, I'm on. Put him in her cabin on her dresser. When she came back, the cabin was locked. She couldn't open it up with her electronic key. And the following day, she was put off the ship. Along with five other passengers. Can you imagine that? For what reason I understood. I think cigarettes out of smoke free ship. But was she smoking them? No, she wasn't. So another adjuster having an in-or possession. Correct. They get to rash off the ship. Absolutely, correct, sir. Didn't give her half a phone. That was on what kind of a cruise line? A lot of a cruise line. One at Mickey Eris and on. That's the one, sir. The one at Mickey Eris and who's having a lot of fear with Mayor Pinger from the day-county. That one? Correct, sir. How do you like that? Unbelievable. That's a good stop always taken over this country. The word of police, the value or possession of a pack of cigarettes, please. You can have automatic weapons. That's okay. Oh, you're on a pack of cigarettes or got prepared to join. You're going straight to jail. Yeah. Toaster off the ship. And here she paid money on the cement to go on the cruise. Not only that, but it was her daughter. Whatever they, whatever the kid was. Was on the day of her daughter's wedding? No, for the 15th birthday, they have that great big party. Oh, yeah. Yes, yes. Well, I'm not sure it's that. But there was a whole group of the ship. She booked a year in advance and she was with a whole group. Oh, she kicked her butt right off. I would sue that Mickey Eris and $500 million. He would. But if the ship is registered in my role, you're a bum fork idol. Yes. Would you sue? Would the bum fork idol hold a courts? Well, that's that's that. But every day of it, what she's going to have to do? She paid. She wants it a apology. She wants a refund. She wants her airfare paid for. And she's going to pursue it, the court. Oh, yeah. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. Okay, sir. As they continue slumping the public to Mickey, okay? You keep spending your money to the nose to try to get treated right. And then they're looking out for reasons to stick it to you. Going out of their way to make your experience as unpleasant as possible. 560505060 on the AT&T line. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. I'm telling you, I like the bright blue. Neal. Yes. Very simply, I was so close to John's on a plane from New York to Miami, lying every, like they off hour two and hour and a half, we're leaving, we're leaving, we're at the gate. We're not going anywhere. It's got as my witness. 7 hours later. We roll down the time-ack and off we went. Oh, man. People are absolutely out of the amine. I like to get what airline was this? Continental. Oh, putting them in. Yeah, yeah. But listen, I want to mention a couple of things just to gross you out, because I've listened Miami for years. A little while ago on that day-dwind mall, I'm upstairs in the furniture department. Kind of here in some noise around the approach or whatever, and low and behold, a woman is changing her kids' diapers. And proceeds to take the content and package over to the offices that were closed, because it's a weekend where this will package preceded them, sure, to right and over the weekend. And rather, more, again, this is no joke. I think international model would have an unrelated John and a little boy's beer with the mother. And apparently, she can't take them in the stall to do his business. If he was urinating, but she gets them up on the counter and he proceeds to pee in the sink. This is over a span of a year or so. All right. So I just thought, you know, things are alive and well. It's a third world. If you want to book on aftertain, read sweet poison. You never touch the stuff again. I think I'm off it right now. All right. Thanks. I like to die. I don't say doot. Not after that story. She had doot. But it's not like she had doot as in boo. You. Yeah. Hey, guys. Have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend what's really on your mind? Like, she asked, you need a band making this bed. Well, now you can. With the Mr. Hanky Message Service. Hello. Hello. Howdy, howdy. I hear that you're having a little wait. Problem. It's you. And right. You've got more chance in a Chinese home book. What the fuck are you talking about? With the Mr. Hanky Message Service, you can get it all off your chest. And she'll never even know it to you. My gosh. You're having a few things. I can smell it all the way over here. You little my girl. Tell you you piece of shit. If her ass is getting big, let her know. Call 1-800-Hanky-One. And whatever you do. Please don't get me everywhere. It's not pretty one at five sixty wcms. So here's the bed. No, oh, by the way, one moment please. Let me just go over here and get my last can out. Oh. Okay. This is my last time I'm in Biving and Asperten. Five Pepsi. Well, it's because we're out of our sole water cell balcony. I got my last little bit here. Just a little tiny bit in my little tiny bottles. It's a great guy, but just when you need it in most of your dozen show and see you got to make yourself sick with Asperten. Five Pepsi. Oh, okay. Do like Pepsi better than Coke, but nevertheless. Here's the bad news. It's as Asperten was not approved until 1981 in Dry Foods for over eight years. The FDA refused to approve it because of the seizures and brain tumours. The drug produced in laboratory animals. The FDA continued to refuse to approve it until President Reagan took office a friend of Cyril. These are the people that make it. And fired the FDA commissioner who wouldn't approve it. Dr. Arthur Hall Hayes was appointed as commissioner. Even then there was so much opposition to approval that a board of inquiry was set up. The board said do not approve Asperten. But however, Dr. What's his name? Hayes. Overruled his own board of inquiry. Shortly after commissioner Arthur Hall Hayes Jr. approved the sale of Asperten and carbonated beverages. He left for position with G.D. Sirals Public Relations firm. The same people will manufacture Asperten. How do you like that? What a shock. Long-term damage. It appears to cause slow asylum damage and those unfortunate enough not have immediate reactions at a reasonable avoidant. It may take one year or five years, ten years, 40 years, but it seems to cause some reversible and some irreversible changes in health over long-term use. Method all, aka Wood Outcar Hall Poison, 10% of Asperten. Method all Wood Outcar Hall is a deadly poison. People may be called that method all, or the poison that is caused some skin row Outcar Hall extended blind or dead. Method all is gradually released in the small intestine. When the methyl, whatever this is, group in Asperten and count to the enzyme, kind of, or tips, or whatever this is. Some enzyme in your body. That's in there. See, people facts me this stuff and you can't read it. Real black, real dark, like the absorption of methyl into the body is sped up considerably when a free methyl is ingested. Free methyl all is created from Asperten when it's heated to about 86 degrees Fahrenheit. This would occur when Asperten containing product is in properly stored or when it's heated. It's part of a food product like diet gel, for example. Method all breaks down into formic acid and formel the height in the body. Formel by height as you know is a deadly neurotoxin. And it goes on and on and on. It says heavy users of Asperten containing product consume as much as 250 milligrams of methanol daily or 30 times the limit that's been set by the EPA. 32 times the limit. It says ethanol is an antidote for methanol toxicity in humans. The troops of desert storm are treated large amounts of Asperten sweeten beverages, which have been heated over 86 degrees in the Saudi Arabian desert. Many of them return home with numerous disorder similar to what's been seen in persons who have been chemically poisoned by from aldehyde. In 1993 and act that can be described as unconscionable, the FDA approved Asperten is an ingredient in numerous food items that would always be heated above 86 degrees. Much worse on June 27, 1996 without public notice, the FDA removed all restrictions from Asperten, allowing it to be used in everything including all he didn't bake goods. How do you like that? There you go. So here's my last wig. Oh, I've asked for time. I last can. So where in what products can we find this? What do you mean by that? I mean it's an everything. Diet sodas, all you diet sodas have. If it says nutrients sweet, that's Asperten. That's a brand name for it. That sodas, diet ice creams, diet jello, diet almost anything. Almost anything that's a diet on it. Sweaters like other than saccharine. And of course, either that saccharine only causes cancer and laboratory animals. So there you go. There's the bad news on Nutus when, you know, Asperten. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, Wyrtlesline. Oh my god, I just took that once. We're going to have got these pains in the side of my head and this awful headache. And it feels like that little guy with a bell is banging and clanging away on a guy damn clapper. Of course, I already felt that way just after, Bro, could I get a performance in here an hour ago? I, you know, something I still can't believe. Have you ever had something happen in your life and like an hour later day later? You say, I know what happened, but I still can't believe it. It hasn't quite sunk in yet that anybody could be that stupid or that. Outrages or that just barbaric in their behavior to put on a scene like that. We can replay it on the tapes tomorrow. That, that somebody comes in here and I'm, you know, First of all, you just know, I'm sitting here and talking. I can't be talking to myself, although some days I feel like it, but I can't be just talking to myself. So obviously, if my lips are moving and they're sounding coming out of here, I must be doing a radio show. That's what goes on in here. It's a radio show dummy. Who fall? Jack asked? Simple thing? Knit with? OJ soccer? That's what it is. It's a radio show. You can't just barge in here in the middle and then engage me in some stupid argument about whether promoting some stupid golf tournament or not. That I just received the information about 24 hours ago. That I already did one promo on this morning. I would be continuing to do every hour, if I tore him up in Truman away, space, getting a lot of be talking about it again. And then starts brings in, do I want OJ in it? Because every conversation that this guy has with anybody, OJ has to come into it because the two of them are joining to him. I don't give a flying crap about OJ, but I think that people in this town is spoken because every time you look at a house anywhere, the people said, oh no, you ain't living here. Go live someplace else. Murderer. And this is going on while I'm on your begging please. I need to do a spot. You see this commercial copy I have mine? This is called a commercial Roy. A commercial, a spot. Somebody has paid a lot of money for me to do an announcement here for them. And advertisement, a commercial commercial. I realize you wouldn't know what those are because you don't basically sell any. You're just a face man, but nevertheless. And that too. And what's the people for cut the bishop? A new from the makers of Uncle Josh's fishing baits and K-Wi brand personal lubricants, it's MasterBate. Tired of using and unreliable plastic fishing lures or squirming the disgusting live bear. Oh, you missed it. Because as long as Aaron's in a boat with no bikes we'd be feeling bored. And I'm all done with this. So, I hear. And see you cow. And try new MasterBate. Squeeze a little dab on your hook and in your palm and in no time you won't care if a fish are biting or not. Oh yeah, I think it's a big one. Yeah. MasterBate. Order today and you'll receive a free 100% Terry Cloth MasterBate signature hand towel and a complimentary issue of field and streams swimsuit addition. Don't let the big ones slip between your fingers again. But if it does, who cares? MasterBate. A portable fast pro shopfish or one and perfect. Well, 23.560 W2M data two calls on the board. I'll tell you that 98 degrees sounded like that sounded real good to me. I'd like to hear that 3, 4, 5, 6 times in that one clock hour. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Talking about the airlines today about this wonderful woman Patricia, which nobody seemed concerted about that. Here's that 12 year old kid that weighed 600 pounds that's being tried as an adult. And the death of that six year old girl, which we say on time. And of course, nobody cares. You see one day they were whipped up about guns and about this lunatic from California. And they're all they're all finished with that. So don't worry about all you NRA people. Just relax, okay. The public psychosis out there, that's all gone. And then this crap about four lottery on how it's going to enhance the city's image. And it's going to be so great to build a stadium down there according to the Sun's Sentinel. Nobody cares about that either today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the 18 T line. See, this is more the South Florida we've come to know and love. People who just don't give a crap about anything. They'll put on a good act for you once in a while. And yeah, we finally rolled up there for a few hours on election day on a penny sales tax. That was pretty good. But generally speaking, don't bother with them. They can't be bothered. Here's Carl Spring, hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Yeah, you got, you're talking about my favorite topic to complain about airlines. And basically with me flying out of Florida now and flying out of New York at the past. Usually I'm concerned as to whether the plane is going to be hijacked, a cube or a sort of Arabia, as opposed to anything else. But above and beyond that, my single biggest complaint. And if you want to talk about obscene, what could be more obscene than five hours in a flight where maybe they let you have to see the total of maybe an hour. And you're sitting next to a behind-discriminate, a blabbering, flabbering, yelling two-year-olds. Yeah. Why aren't they just put all the kids or all the families we kids in the back of the plane? Right. Leave them together and just... I always said that, you know how they have no smoking sections in their port. I don't really have no children section back. On airplane, especially first class now, I will say this. When I was going up to Toronto last day, Friday night, there was a woman with a little baby sitting right next to me in first class, right in the front row. And I thought to myself, oh, this is going to be an adult girl. She behaved better than most adults of the one of planes. She didn't make a peeve. She wasn't an antsy and crawling around. She ate her meal. She went to sleep. And she never made a people with phenomenal acting. I can gradually enable an I said, well, your daughter is sensational. About how old? About just two years old, maybe. Oh, that's a, you will very lucky. Yeah. Hey, I did a spook around here. I don't know if you're interested in this. I know you'll have ice cream. The bigger size skin, Friday, I've remade. Yeah. 54,914 pounds, 13 ounces, total weight, 44,000 in change in ice cream, 9,000, 6,88 pounds. That was an adult gold bean toast. There you go. This is the lab. That's natural. That's natural. That's natural. There you go. This is the lab. That's natural with the finger in front. Uh-huh. It's, it's, it's, it's unbelievable. And that in years ago in New York when I was working at ABC. And then Roger. He's still the same only twice. I always took these ever changed. Okay, I'll have a break. In fact, uh, alcohol steam was joined. They're like, sign these twins down here on Jeremy. It's all like one person. Now they just removed one head. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Waddles, line. We got about two feet of it open lines here. And hour and a quarter to go. Seems like about only four or five hours to go now. Here's Carl Spring, hello. Hey, yes sir. Yeah, and, uh, MTV. And got the fanatics show. Yeah. And they've got Britney Spears in the backseat boys both of them. When is it? It's on right now. Right now? Yeah. 3, 30, one on my small dish. Yep. Thank you sir. And on there now. God bless you. It's it. Everything like a new year when I'm that person. My girl in cloud north. I was in front of me. It's happy you meet from the smile. And when you think about it, you're just like, Hey, you know, you're just like, and then you get off the floor. That person. Just like, you smile and you're like, I like smiling. Yeah, I want to thank you so much. Um, that was. And by the way, Britney, how young is too young? Oh, it's big and a bit of MTV. By the way, I'm so glad this gentleman called here. Let's get to the important stuff. You realize what date is. It's Thursday. semester, five, eight. Oh, my. It's so good. It's so good. It's so good. So good. So good. Oh, I'm so good. So good. So good. So good. So good. So good. Thank you for that. Something look forward to anyway. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. That'll do it every time. Here's a mobile and four-loader deal. Hello. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. Did you see the opinion page today on the stunt signal? Yes? Uh, Kingsley guy, article. I spent a half hour talking about it. Oh, I'm sorry. Don't be sorry because I've had no other response. If you're going to talk about it, please be my guest. No, no. I just wanted to make sure that you had seen it because it is disgusting. Uh, you know, if you love this, this is the only man in history who's ever thought of Fort Lauderdale and Cleveland in the same context number one. Number two, it's the only man in the world who believes that Fort Lauderdale is developing in a one of the great urban centers in the world. I mean, they must be drop an acid over there to Sun Sun. Let me on their minds. It is unbelievable. I mean, I, I, I started article about pushing the stadium for John Henry and the two editorials in already last week and now here just a couple days later. Now here comes another big push from the editor that in newspaper given us a big son of the answer about the heart of an exciting city baseball that will put us on the map and change our image. This man's a crazy person. Come very Fort Lauderdale to Cleveland is unbelievable. Isn't that incredible? It's just unbelievable. I mean, when you think of Cleveland, don't you always think, oh, yeah, that must be, that's just like Fort Lauderdale. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. That's right. He is, you know, Kingsley guy gets your butt back to Cleveland. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Cleveland, the mistake on the lake. If we still have spring break in Fort Lauderdale, be a great place. That was the only problem is that we got too many old people. So many condos. Too many old farts taken off the ocean front property there. We thought it would be the most expensive and most valuable property in all of the Sun Florida. That's the problem. We need developers. Great robbers. And idiots like Kingsley guy and the editorial board of the Sun Sentinel who want to keep those evil casinos up, but let's build a stadium and read it can just downtown. And by the end also I forgot to mention in the papers this morning, the Fort Lauderdale City Commissioners are saying, no, no thank you. David has already said mayor penis over there in David. He said no, we don't want it. No, no thanks. We don't want it out there. And now the commissioners in Fort Lauderdale, not all of them, but the ones who's spoken out are saying, no, we don't think so. We don't want neither. So you can keep coming up. I got an idea. Why didn't John Henry come up with the sight of the day. Every day he'll come up with a new thing. We can just travel around and his helicopter or private plane, whatever. And just every day come up. Oh, there's a little screw over there. Let's just see if they'll build us one there. Every single day. Because this man, maybe he's sharing acid with Kingsley guy and the editorial board of the Sun Sentinel. I must be crazy. I must be not evidently. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's sunrise. Hello. Any other going? OK, sir. A great show. Two things for it. I got a Delta experience. I have an Fort Lauderdale last week. Delta to Fort Lauderdale with dials. I know you know your plane. So it was on the 757. Right. And we've heard that way down towards 595. It's set up there for an hour and a half. Well, the cross went down the backside by the FedEx planes. I grew a bone back to the gate. I have to go back to the gate. Turn around. No, no, no, no. Let me ask you. Are they giving you any explanation? Is this going on? No. I think they said that something some kind of a mechanical problem. We got halfway down. We'd cut a cross, run way 13. Cut a cross down. 95. If they'd hang them back up and then took off. Three hours later. Three hours later. Three hours. And how often were they giving you updates? I thought every probably every half an hour. But it was always we're working on it and we're working. We'll get to you. I think they did drink to bring the drink color out once. That was tough. That's about two hours. But they still charged it if you bought a beer or anything like that. And the guy who's an American Airlines pilot and he flies at 800 from my army of Bogotile like three times a week. Can he tell me that? Those most of the pilots and copiles from American carry handcuffs in the top of their hat inside their hat. Really? Yeah. You said that's in case they have to restrain somebody out of control on that. There's probably a flight of 10 and so I think. Probably. That's one of the best. Yeah, exactly. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. There's another guy who survived Delta. Yeah, naming an airline that you would say is really great. I mean, Virgin Atlantic, I had a real good experience in what are they called upper class, which cost a lot of money when you get upgraded for free. Thank you so much Richard, my good post friend. I sure hope that happened again this next time. I'm praying. Upper class is great. Premium economy. What they call it is like. That's so great. Especially what I mean, you know, bringing my economy is like two grand to fly from here to London. I mean, that's cheap for like not the worst of the seats on a planet. It's not too bad. But when you're spending two grand, you would expect not to get a meal where everything is wrapped. Even the role is wrapped in plastic bubble packed. The role. And then the dinners are like in little trays like TV dinners. You know what I'm talking about? In foil. Oh, would you like the chicken or the fish? Oh, oh, no, please, not that again. It's like air can of the electric. I said as much as I like them. And they do like me most of the time. But never would eat the food on their ever again. Do you want the chicken or the mahi mahi? Air every single week. Air me flight. I could fly every week on it. You want the chicken or the mahi mahi? Or you want lunch and a while to chicken or the beef. The mystery means. And then of course, that one time was how would you like to try a great gourmet pizza? Oh my god. I've eaten. I've chewed on cardboard that was more tasty than that. We've said it so many times a million times before. Forget about gourmet cooking, okay? Nobody with a brain goes on an airline and expects to get a gourmet meal. Just give us a nice sandwich. Have it catered by armies, by windies, but by your own saying, wouldn't that be great? By McDonald's even at this point. It would be a huge improvement over the soil, the slot. That chicken or the mahi mahi. Oh, god. That's Safari Mix is pretty good. Oh, that's my favorite. Yeah. The mystery mix. Here's a mobile in-core spring, hello. Yes, sir. Have you ever flown with tons of? No, I hear it's great. Oh, I went to Italy about a year and a half ago. Through Frankfurt? Through Frankfurt. Right. And I'm telling you that the only delay we had was coming back. We're actually going from Frankfurt to Volonia when we had the stop. And it was because of a snowstorm. But other than that, I mean, you know those Germans, man. I mean, on time, regiment. You will get there on time or else. That's right. Two, two, two, you got a woman, a big woman in leather with a whip standing behind a captain and she makes damn sure we get there on time. Exactly. Everybody very polite. They got two meals on the flight over. They showed you that projection screen. And I was flying coach. They gave you two meals and a snack. And you can have wine, soda, water as many times you want for free. You know? They've showed you the screen that tells you where you're at and how long I've got some time. Yeah, they pretty much all do that. Now I love that. That kills a lot of good time. A great, great airline. If you're going back over, I don't know if they go to Amsterdam or any of the places you go. Well, no, if you're going to the airport. Fly from Miami, you have to go to a Frankfurt first. Like you know, and then you do your connection. Right, exactly. And I'm telling you, I've never flown an airline any better. How was the food? The food was excellent. Really? And it was two meals. Yeah. I mean, it was just every meal you get a little dessert with it. One of them they had chocolate moos. They had the, they bring out these real high-class chocolate bars for snacks. I mean, just unbelievable. Great. And that was coach. I mean, first class. I don't know. Yeah, but you know, first class. Do you have any idea how much a cost for business class on there? I think it's like 50 or 60 200, I believe now. My tickets were only 800 bucks. For, yeah, for coach. Right. And they have two, they have two different first class. They have the first class in the lower level. And then the point I pull on had the second level. Right. Which is what goes on at that. 747. Right. Okay. The right idea to go to the time pal. Super. Thanks. And watch out for that brought worst. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Start to get a little feeling back in my arms and in my lower stability. What are you laughing about? It's not a joke. I'm sitting here like, no, I'm just, you know, the last hour and a half I've been going to the end of the day. Yeah. In fact, my, my parts are turning like, my really doing this here. That, that experience was just so indescribable. You know, probably some people were not saying, oh, that must have been a stick. That was, you know, that was a joke. It was not a joke. It was a sick, twisted, pathetic piece of totally unacceptable, abort behavior and Gregory Benjamin Reed, our general mangrove. The best he's got to say is, that was pretty stupid. As he's standing, you're scratching that gigantic hole in his head that keeps getting bigger and bigger. That's pretty soon his whole brain or what you weren't used to be is going to be exposed if that whole keeps getting any bigger. Greg. Oh, there's the back door, boy. Oh, yeah, I can't have a doubt. Oh, I think she probably should. Oh, I am totally going to the gym. I make me feel better. Yeah, Kevin, don't go to the gym. You never know who you're running there. That's what Bluffs said. Yeah, stay out of that gym, baby. Because you never know who you're going to run into there. Get off your top, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Who's party day? You're not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. How young is too young? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, my breath is broken, I'm not a steady day. All right. Come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on. And if I'm the one to do it, But if you want to take me, you know everything from my neck, I don't think you know. I'm on the way. Are you sure? Kevin, you sure didn't hear me. Because you put on a chair that doesn't even mean. You left the bread underneath. She was 25 but she's just 15. Don't take me. I've been my name for three years. Daddy called the call. My best of perfect and late. Because I've been to make no longer my country. And I've got your hang right now. Oh, my show. Right, don't you? She's joking. She's joking. She's joking. She's joking. Yeah, there's no more than those bread made of a dime. I'm fine. But I'm a cheap looking man. I'm fine. I'm shameless to be five and she's just 15. One, two, three, five, six, six. You're going to be six, seven, five, six, six. You're going to be five, six, six, five, six. Five, six, six. You got a mobile one line. Oh, yeah, there's our buddy. There's old view for you for posture, referral. Junior, whatever hell is name is. One count of murder five counts of attempted murders. What they're nailing them with. I say six thousand years in jail and then put him in the Yorker chair just to make sure. Yeah, he tried to commit himself to the fair facts. He had to cost Bill and Kirkland the suburb of Seattle last year. And then was arrested for pulling an iPhone several step members and told them sometimes I feel like I could just lose it. There were no warning signs that this guy was in a case. Were there? No. 165 days in jail. And probation. Well, that's pretty stiff, you know, five months. Turn him loose. Here's my any, hello. I knew it would have to know that. Yes, sir. Okay. I'm here a lie and employee calling. Yes, sir. And most of the points are valid. I think one of the issues there are lying needs to be resolved is a communication problem between that. What's going on to the problem? The part of your time. The person you. But I think the majority of people feel like I do. And that is at least give me the truth. Don't stall around me. Don't pussy food around. Don't lie. Don't be blue sky me. If it's going to be 45 minutes. It's like tell me 45 minutes. You know, I mean, I realize they can't always give you an exact number. But at least give me a ballpark and don't lie and string me along. That's what gets people frustrated and really pissed off. I agree with you 100%. And I confront a lot of passengers most of the time. And I at least, I'm, or maybe I've tried to be honest. I told them the way it is. And most time, I was saying 95% of the time, passing you will come back and say, thank you for being honest. Right. And I know it's factor it is. People sometimes that the freak out files pretty much know what's going on. Other people are there. They're mislate by the travel agency. They're missing form. They don't get any information prior to the trip. And that country reached a lot of the problems too. And unfortunately, it's nothing you can do on that aspect. But I agree 100%. Most of the problems, if people be honest and the, and the communication will be got, shout out through the right channels on the B. Explain it to the passengers. I think most of the problems will go away. Okay. There's all the issues. I'm inhaling right now. Okay. There's all the issues that the passengers have in the stem. They all end up having a control. Like storms. They're reporting my army for example. Close. During the summertime can close maybe 20, 40, 50 times during the day. And they realize, even any airline doesn't have any control of that. So they have to find out the facts before they proceed and get all the data. So they're just telling us what this story is and don't give us a big sound of it. And also don't just leave the past year sitting there in silence, starting to mutter and grumble and wonder what the hell is going on. Just community. You know, I get out every now and then I'll get on our flight. And, you know, usually the capital come on after you get to cruising out the do and give you a little announcement. And what the weather is going to be when you get to your destination and how long it's going to take. Sometimes I've got an on flight. They don't never talk to you at all. I agree with you. I agree with you in that. Well, sir, it was good talking to you. You have a good day. And thanks a lot. I just missed place to see the I know I'm losing my mind. Okay. I just missed place Britney Spears. Or was any other one I wouldn't be so excited. But I just missed place Britney Spears. I think Britney is vanished. Just disappeared. I know I'm losing my mind. You know who's followed it is. Yeah. Not that I want to go back to that more than two or three times this hour. Here's a call from the DC jail. Yes, sir. Hello. Yes, New. Yes, I am. I like to ask you questions. Are there changes to one thing? Yes. You always go as reading side papers on news. How much day county is going to bankrupt and release Brasant fines for tolls and everything. Right. Do you have much money to put inside the day county courthouse systems paying for inmates for legal offenses, the victim here for long periods of time? No, I do not. I've been here 20 months. Day county jail. Still one nowhere. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. There's a team of seniors sitting sitting here waiting for trial. Every day text there's got paid for me here paid for court. And you know what are you, what are you, what are you charged with? First, for yours, not a mattress. I'm serving a five year prison in a, every late Cresians. I feel asleep. I think we're going to be squirming on mattress with smoter. It's your first degree I've been sitting here sitting here. First of all, we are sitting on a mattress. There's a lot of spiders that are in the in the. Yeah. They charge you first degree. I've been sitting here since April. But nice and. And they got a pay for state appointed attorneys from the streets. Every time a court expert comes, that's to learn. Twenty five hours for a doctor come see for five minutes. His taxpayers once paying for everything. Payed for my housing paid for everything. I'm going nowhere. Keep on coming with a plea offer. Which is one? 141 state prison time for less than a hundred o'clock mattress. 140 months. Yes, they couldn't time. It's 10 minutes. Yeah. It'll credit me the twenty eight months that I was sitting inside the county jail. For Arson on a mattress. Yes. He thinks I say I can. Proving him black and white. Yeah. I meant to afford lawyers because lawyers they've been handling. They get they're state of point of your pro bonnet. They have every six months. They get switched around. They're doing a new lawyer, a new prosecutor, a new judge comes in. How to read every day on the news, pay me on all the rest of the shows you talk about criminal assist man on TV. What if taxpayers taxpayers has to do where their money is going to. Is that his court house, the paying for question officers over times and everything. Okay. Listen to Palo hanging there. Good luck. Okay. Thank you. Don't throw it again. Arson on a mattress. Boy. Don't take any bulls. I'm in. Oh. It's bad. It's bad. It's bad. It's bad. It's bad. It's bad. Right. Yeah. Where we come from, let's get in the garlic teach to put it on yet. You got yourself a little close up. Will we be nuts and put it in the bin grow stuff? Are you a dragon with a big bat invisible plan? And you didn't do nothing about it. You're a good plan. You're not me, you're a man and I don't judge. You've got to find yourself a lead to the bus, gender or mouthwash, reference. And a good ranch. When you start talking to everybody, lab, tap and see what's there. Better take action on your oral affairs. The order I should now follow. I lose your strength. And you're a bad, bad, bad, good friend. We can't be so gay. You're a bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad. We need to be so gay. You're a bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad. We can't be so gay. You're a bad, bad, bad, bad. Okay. My life is my life. Can't do that. There you go. 115 at 560 WQM, pound 560 on a mobile one line. We got to thank Old Berkshire at Flagler today in the interest in that place. No. And then we got to six o'clock or five o'clock at Jimmy Johnson Show. Jimmy, Jimmy, I'd tell you that promo he does. It gives me goose bumps in my nostrils. We got to change. We got to change. To be something special. We got, yeah, okay, whatever you say, Jimmy. God, 20 years for overacting for him. In fact, let the guy with a burn mattress. Let him out. Stick Jimmy in there for 14 months or whatever is. What is it? 140 years. Stick his ass in there. And then after we got to Jimmy, Jimmy Johnson Show. We got the Huraculant hotline come up. Six day to clock. How do you like that? Anybody excited about that? Huraculant. And then the mad. Yeah. 8 to 10 o'clock. Orlando, El Zeguri, a 10 because we couldn't get anybody else. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Couldn't we get the soccer guy who's the guy that comes in and talks about soccer? It will about once every two years. Still Shane. Still Shane. Let's get a full Shane talking soccer. No. Here's David. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. One time with their occasional caller. I think Jimmy actually has spatial special. I guess that's that Oklahoma accent pointing at his. We got a chance. We got a chance. I think he needs to say. Yeah, I think he needs rear of serious help. Oh, yeah. Never met a gangster. He's about the one string away from falling. I think. I didn't see this living. I think he's about four losses away from my history. Yeah. That could happen in the first four games. I'll shut everybody up and his down. Livingston guys article. I didn't see it. But personally, I think he can sing. I got livingston guys. Is it gear guy? Gee. He's a carbonyl. He's a guy. I like more lawyer. I don't think it's such a bad place. I wouldn't say it's great. I mean, the word great is throwing around too much. Wait, wait a minute. It's not a question whether you like it or not. He's comparing it with Cleveland. He's saying that, you know, it's got an image like Cleveland used to have before they got the stadium with Endfield. If you build downtown. How do you talk about it? I was actually in Cleveland five or six years ago. Yeah. And there were things happening. That was before the New Stadium was there. I went to the old stadium. I actually told them, it's called physical at a home run at the game. But the flats were being developed and was restaurants and bars and stuff happening. You know, it's on the water and everything. I mean, you couldn't. You could do this. I mean, how many people would have to be uprooted to build a stadium in downtown for low and hills. You have any idea? You know, I thought they were thinking of building it west of 95 where the full shopping center was. And that was part of the land they were going to use. But if they're thinking east, and north of Broward, then they are going to have to buy out a lot of people. And you know, it's probably never going to happen there. But you know, I don't really know if it would be a good thing or a bad thing anyway. It's a beautiful city, I think. For what's down there, the waterways, and everything, and the birds development, and real estate property is a vets clay to the lot. So, you know, I think it's kind of a nice place. I was down there the other day because I had to go pay for an ad at the sunset and all the need of the money upfront. And I think I found out how they're going to pay for the estate. If they do build it down there, I went into the sunset and I'll pay for the ad. And it's actually like a little gift shop. And they had 1997, Florida, Marlin, World Championship Banner for sale for a buck. Yeah. So, they're going to sell about 300 million of those. I think I think those weigh and have pingued dart boards. They can make some good money with that. Absolutely. And the sunset note t-shirt and everything man. Let's see if you can hit weight into the high pingu. Love you Neil. Okay, thanks. 5-6-7-0, if you can find it. 5-6-7-0, 5-60, pound-5-60, unimobile one line. Well, I won't be long now. I won't be long now to stick to the Poxygnalmo Smellow Cancer. Yeah, coming from out there and sunrise. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Where does Managed get off seeing what he says on the air? Why? He said that he would on the air last night. What? He said he would. He was talking about that new movie. He was talking about Dick. No, he was talking about- I don't want you to quote it. No, I won't say it. Dad, he was talking about Joe Namis XY's Mary Dupino Incland throughout in California. Thanks for coming. This guy operates on board. Yeah. He's talking about that. Okay, let's get a new phone call. What do Managed say? Come on, baby. Come play with these titties. Yeah. 5-6-7-0-5-60. See, it's a sports show. Sports guys can say, they can say, The perverts like me. It's a crap. In fact, we haven't had to have like a special guard if we take one. Not to make sure we don't do it the wrong way. 5-6-7-0-5-60, pound-5-60 on a mobile online. 40 minutes until a hangover show comes along. And believe me, just in the meantime today. Let me say it again. Okay, thanks out there. Listen to me between racism and flag. They're trust me when I tell you. You're really lucky to be out of the building today. It's nervous breakdown time. It's for whatever reason. I'm not really sure what it is. The troops are crumbling today. They're just falling apart of the seams inside here. Here's a mobile and candle, hello. I'm Belia. Yes, sir. No, they're always trying to say, I use the word Richard for what Matt said. Yeah. He said, don't name it some wife left and for Richard Doctor. Yeah. Yeah. Oh boy. Yeah. I mean, the doctor's name was Dick. Yeah, do other things? They got with the mattress. They offered him a plea bargain. It's turning everybody who's steering the label off. But he turned that down. Yeah, that's right. That's 15 to life. It's a terrible thing. You're damn right, baby. You got your ball weapons. No problem. But you turn that label off. It's a 15 to 20 or 10 to the floor. Yeah. The warning is written right on that. It doesn't say anything about burning it. In fact, this guy don't realize you got the other new mattress catch you. It cannot be. Yeah. And the other thing with Henry trying to build that new stadium looking for public money. I mean, I don't think about, you know, McDonald's patent charge. One of the chances of having somebody build that for me. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. And there's like five billion served at McDonald's. So I figured what, you know, if you can get a stadium built for his private business, why can't I get somebody to build me a McDonald's franchise? And that's what he started right here. I want to open up a gigantic steakhouse about five times a size of roof crisp. But I just don't have the kind of cash to put down. I mean, we're cost probably about six million to build it. And I think that's, let's get a bad tax stolen. Okay, sounds good to me. I'm on a mattress tax. I'm on a material. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. We'll get a tax on all those tags that you can offer. You know the ones that say, do not remove this under penalty. All of. Because the, the bookie manner, the tooth fairy, that's hiding under your bed will report it to the mattress polis. And your ass will be in big. Correct. And trouble. And deep do do, baby. Woman says the F word on the plane without getting violent without touching anybody without getting really hysterical or going ballistic. And right away, you can't use that language on this plane. We had the language police on the plane. And you know what I say to you people on the plane who are all up tight about language. F. Yeah. That's what I say. F. Yeah. Got the God damn stormtroopers waiting for it. Logan International Airport in Boston. The American stormtroopers are their waiting for poor Patricia. Here's what Latterdale. Hello. A meal. Yes sir. The problem with that guy from Miami who worked at the airlines. Remember him? I sure do. Man, that's a bother me about my amy. We can't understand it. What airline do you work for? Does he lose airlines? But animal airlines. Oh my god. And also, what time do you plan coming in? That's what he said. He planned to plan in. I thought I was going to negotiate with the action. That's what the another thing to come back from was Vegas or anywhere outside this place. Yeah. You know something when it depends on what part of the airport you hang out like I said before. If you're in that terminal where American airlines is, you definitely feel like you're maybe in the middle of Brazil somewhere. You know about what I say. What is it? What I said? Sir, what language are you speaking now? What I say? Okay. What is he's when he'd be saying? Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the immobile line. Anybody know what he's talking about? No, I think he just lost it. Maybe somebody showed up at his door. Yeah, he just came in. That could be it. Maybe a big black guy named Bro. Just came in there. Yeah, I'm starting to have a real bad relapse. You know, it's a good thing I mentioned several people this morning. I had that scratchy throat coming back. I bought these, uh, recoil. Because I have a real nasty scratch. I have a feeling after a nice meal tonight. I'll probably feel pretty good, but just, uh, not good enough to be here tomorrow. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's four waterdale. Hello. Hey, mail. Yes, sir. I'm going to top everybody. I'm going to roll and shoot it. I'm leaving tomorrow. You're going to wear. I'm going to roll that and shoot it tomorrow. Yeah, I got one. I got one of those little portable DVD. So we're going to bring it and watch portal slicks on the plane. I'm not going to say it all hard. Great. You can watch. You just can't say it. Please don't pay the effort. In fact, I think you can do it too. Just don't say it. Because when you're hanging up on people for this to become, there's one place to see when you're on a hamster tank. You can be one place in each city to go to. One place that you would see. Or by restaurant or something, if you don't let you with that recommendation. No. No, I can't tell you that. I can't. There, there's no such thing as one place you would see. I mean, in Rome, I go see the Spanish steps. Okay. That's you. All right. All right. I mean, you sound disappointed. I mean, you just asked me. I thought like a restaurant. I don't know if you have a favorite restaurant. I don't have a favorite restaurant, but it's a little trottery. And I can't, I don't can't take the time to explain to you. I mean, Rome is a huge city. And I can't tell you. And in which part of the pound is it's right near the train station. It's on a corner of a picture based in Prichabaya, Amadeo. It's right next to the star. A metropolitan hotel. It's downstairs. Little trottery. And it's right next door to it. But it's so if you're in that part of town, you know, over La Baya, Piazza del R publica. Yeah, I'll give it a shot. Okay. Thanks, guys. All great. Every time, and you'll love it. And then Amsterdam, like I've told everybody else, just walk outside, look around. That's all you need. Just walk outside, look around. You'll find your own stuff. Believe me. If you can't, forget it. Just blow your brains. You're all done. Just tell me. Just tell me. Just tell me. Just tell me. Just tell me what your problem is. Listen to me. You just stand by and think for self-hacking. And it's then where everything is out. That a high, so-for-team standards. The selection is in just huge. It's so-for-team huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And so-for-team surprises aren't just low. They're so-for-king low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I take so-for-king as a beautiful school, I mean so-for-king beautiful. And I can't serve it helpful. I mean so-for-king helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the so-for-king and enjoy a selection that's so-for-king huge. A stat that's so-for-king turdiest. And practice that as so-for-king low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied custom of Frank and Stein. And so-for-king good. You set it for a piece so-for-king good. 130 to 560 WCM. Here's the fact that I clarify that the burning bed guy, who may be reading too many for a faucet story. It says the arson guy is a caller to Rick and Suds. How do you like that? You ignorant slut. He was the arson on the mattress was a prison mattress. He was already in prison for trying to burn somebody's bedroom down while they were still in it. Because they pissed him off on where another. I don't remember that he tells me he's another case is robber. Thank you, Robert. I say 140 years sounds good to me. Look at that. Look at the way that's bonus, sitting out real nicely here in the last half hour. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Hello? Yes sir. Oh yeah. You were talking earlier about the airline and how they rate and, and attended from toe fourth. There's one airwats you mentioned, which is American Airlines. Do you know the cancel your frequent fire miles every three years? No, they just, they just announced they're going to stop doing that. Wasn't that beachy kingdom? They just announced this week that they decided, well, it's not such a good idea. We're not going to do that anymore. Unbelievable. They was only here when they was doing it. Yeah. They suck. I'm telling you they're awful. Letting you out. I'm not on the material. Okay, thanks. They're kind of like you wait. They know they know how to talk about it. They're more like Wayne. Wayne in American Airlines. They know nothing about public relations. All they know how to do is piss off the customers. Just like Wayne. That's especially. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Hank Goldberg out of Flagler this afternoon. We got Jimmy Johnson and a hurricane hotline baby. Oh yeah. You can smell that leather right now. Can't you? You can smell it. Here's Miami. Hello? I mean, how you doing? Pretty good sir. Just got back from Dallas on an American Airlines flight. Boy. How was the smoke? Oh, terrible. Who's this everything was bad. Not only are the flight attendants really ugly, but they really mean. Yeah. What's the, maybe that's why the pilots all have those handcuffs under the hat. Yeah, but what got me was we had to. We couldn't get into the after we landed. We couldn't get right into the airport because of a thunderstorm or something that. What's happening around the airport and so a lot of comes over and says that. And so we're sitting there and he said, well, we're going to wait about 15 minutes and we'll be in. After the 15 minutes, we're up and you'll be on your way. 45 minutes later. He comes out and says, I'm really sorry that I didn't get back to you all, but it was a little bit longer. And it will be another 15 minutes. So at that point, I had to go and relieve myself. Yeah. And as I stand up, three of the four flight attendants in unison say to me, sir, you're taking your safety in your own hands. I go, yeah, surely I'm not, let me ask you, are you already landed or are you still approaching? No, we, we, we, we, we want to ground. Yeah. I have to go. You know, I had to go to the bathroom. You're still waiting to get to the gate. Yeah, but they have the sign on the key to seat belt. Yeah, but it doesn't make any difference if you have to go take a leak whether the seat belt sign is on or not. You can still do it. But they told me that I could not. And of course, that's a bunch of bull cramps. Of course, I ignored them and, you know, it would have had to do when I came up, but some of the meanest people in the world. Yeah. Work for American Airlines. That wasn't my only experience within the terrible. I'm saying goodbye to American Airlines. I've got to give them an American West is worth. I have a couple of tickets from a trip I can to. I have those leftover, which I will get my money's worth out of them, but after that, I'm saying goodbye to them. Too many problems. Yeah, can I call somebody to do special? Yes, sir. Paul Becker, you are a pharmacological goosebass. Okay. Don't do it again, Paul. No more American Airlines. Okay. Just say, no. Five six. I mean, of course, you try to find a good airline. I think that's a good thing. Of course, you can't go to Syracuse on those times. You can't go to, you know, skinny Atlas. Five six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty. On a mobile one line. By the way, anybody want to go to skinny Atlas? No. No. Here's Carl Spring. Hello. I mean, that's the new old years. Amen. Yeah. Hey, first of all, that's, I don't know. I just like going to say to that Spanish guy that called the way I go from there. Yeah. And a lot of good specs out there, T.O. And they'll be picking on my spit. Yeah. I've given credit for speaking English. Yeah. That was really nice. That guy that made 20 feet out of the spit for all Americano. So, I dig this. I'm a fighter 10 and now. Really? Made a midlife career change. Well, make sure I don't look it on your plane. Oh, you would have a great time. Yeah. And I look at the wing. On the wing. You know, like that guy's saying when he wanted to get up out of the state, you know, that we're taught that we're, we're, um, We're in formas, we're not enforcer. But, you know, I'm new, so I still, you know, try to be really nice and stuff. I don't think anybody's got to worry about you. Thanks. Yeah. I think they're safe. Thank you very much. Yeah. You know, if this is, if people from jobs that doesn't matter, if it's quite a 10 teacher cop, you know, you reach a point sometimes we just burned out. And yeah, I know. People got it just like a 90 or 50 minutes ago. That's how I felt right here. Burned out. Yeah. Roy. When you feel in that way, it's time to, you know, I've got to change. That's right. Oh, and you know what? I'm based in up in DC. I call this DC a couple of years ago. I was talking about J. Gordon Litty. Right. You know, it's closed when I applied LA, then I can live from the fill, Henry. Yeah. Are you? Yeah. I'm really neat. And then, and since I'm on East Coast, I'm, they play him at four in the morning up there. So I come get up because that's really seven for me. Yeah. I can catch Neo at first thing anymore. I mean, not Neo. I mean, oh, whatever his name is, yeah. Yeah. And he's working. Anyway, it's not an unjust thing. If you whatever job you're in, if you don't like it, you know, think of, you know, make, have some, come home and make a change. When it's out, the move it out. Okay, listen, pal. Keep your arms slapping. Okay. Five, six, seven. He's the guy they put on there to make sure the plane stays afloat. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Is there anything such as a head of a sexual male flight attendant? No, my, I bet you this one or two. You ever seen any? No, come on. How about that peer on here, Canada? He's a, uh, from cake. Let's see where we go. Let's go to who, my any. Hello. Neo. Yes, sir. Neo, I got a story for you. Play with my baby last night. And it just happened is that he had a hold of the, uh, I rock control. Put the channel seven. What do I see there? Oh, I see that. I see that. I'm very, very grateful to that. Have a real fast man. What do I see, Neo? A story about a priest who was talking his young man for, I don't know how long it's off of four, four, a lot of those somewhere there. And they had a picture of the, of the guy. And he's pretty fat, you know, and they had a picture from the bellybone up. And when they, they showed a face, I see, why? He looked like our fat has rick-sanches there, you know, for a minute. He's all fact in the church. Yeah. I know, right. So, so I mean, the priest looked like rick-sanches man. I mean, you know, I mean, they're both fat and, you know, and I don't know. I, I think I'm a person of investigation, then, you know. You know, I mean, I'm not sure, but, uh, I think it finally come out of the closet. What you think? I heard what the priest said because I did see the club. He said, I got into squatting. So I can understand where you saw these similarities. Have a great day, pal. We can tell. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. 22 till 2 here at QAM on what the, the lyrious Thursday. On a day when we have dementia running rampant in this building, when the little children are running around like kids in the sandbox, you know, like our sales managerists, and her very close role. L-I. Ah, God. Fuck it in and hold it. Here's my story. Stand by truth. About a girl calls the full and so. Out. Had a bucket ran in a round. Gave it to every guy in town. All right. 8, 8, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11 11, 11, 3, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11, Yeah! 11. 11. 11. 12, 11. 11, 12. Oh, she likes to see for her. Yeah, she's in with my passion. We didn't care about this song. Now on, my friend is falling off his shoulders. I'm going to come with my guys who don't. You sound the whole process fungots, so ask any cool that she ever knew. But keep away from the stiffness to it. 144 or 56, you've got the N5, 670, 560, pound 560 on a mobile online. Hey, go over standing by it. Flag there, we're doing it. Are they doing it at Flag? No, they're trying to do it. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a straight male flight attendant. Yes? Only kidding. Listen, how come all the way up for this penny sales tax thing? Nobody knew that the money was going to the Marlins until after it lost. Is the Harold like totally brain dead or what? Okay, let's go to Miami. Hello, we're in a mobile and four-laterdale. Whatever this is, hello. The off-millo, Neil. Yes. Hey, you know, your buddy, Chuck, the S.O.B. guy. You know, he's wondering about making sure everybody had a gun in the coal mine. Use sound of his bed. Yeah. That's the way. Then you said, well, fine, then we should arm the five-year-olds. Right, that's right. If those little kids in the days care, Senator would have just had guns. Okay, once the father, you know, they had a tornado yesterday in Salt Lake City. Yeah, that's because God pissed off at the Mormons because they're not doing their magic underware, right? Well, they could have won up there to arm the oil, guys. They could have shot the tornado. Neil, that's a good point. No, all right. Second point. Did you ever get the... Don't mess with Moses, man. He'll get you. Did you ever get the book on Harry Carey, your brother, Rowe, did you ever send it to you? Your brother, Rowe? Well, you ordered with Steve Stone. Oh, yeah, I did. It's great. In fact, who'd help gaming that? I think Norm Kentsam, you'd like to have a book. Okay, well, I was about to send you one, but I was... I was just a little self-serving from Steve's point, you know. Yeah, it's a little... But it's still pretty interesting. It's got some good stuff in it. Yeah, I'd send it to you with Steve's. It was a lot of crap in it too, but... Yeah. Okay, I'd get checking. I don't think he would have written the book if Harry were still alive, you know what I'm saying? Well, no, it's obvious. I'm wondering, Harry, couldn't have been here for a sandy social last year. That's the really sad part. After all those years of misery and suffering and pain and agony, it comes at least finally get one thing to get excited about and he's not here for it. Yeah, I didn't bet, but of course this year's normal, so he would be with me. We'd say no crap. Yeah, that's right. Okay, I'll have a great thing. Okay. So how do Steve Stone Force do? 560, 560, pound-560, unable, unil at you. You think everybody is... Yeah. I think the divine cox is... Definitely. And I wouldn't be surprised if our good friend... Raw! I think he's... Also, here's a mobile and coral cable, shall I? Oh, no. Yes, sir. How you doing Neil? I'm fine. I'm fine. I get my brain on scramble here, just can time to get out of here. Listen, I'm debating where to go to Northern California, like San Francisco, a fossilita, that place or a cat, and I would have never been. So what do you recommend? What do you recommend for what? What's the question? Like, in between a better place to go, if you have a choice between Northern California or let's say Toronto or Quebec or Montreal, which I've never been to Canada at all. Since I've never been to Quebec or Montreal, I would say Toronto is a great place. Really? Yes. Hmm. I wouldn't sound like the answer you wanted, but I mean, it all depends almost you're looking for, you know? What do you think about those two fat ladies? The one that I'm died in the cooking shot, and if you're a watch, I could go grab them. Um, cooking that work? No. The top fat ladies died? Well, one of them died. Yeah. It's funny, because I mean, you, you, you, you, you get a kick out of it. Like, they did not want to hear anything about low fat. I mean, it was large this cream that was in the water. And she's dead? What was the prize, huh? And including, thank God. Wow, this back on the air. What is this? Whatever he said, I don't really, he's got his own agenda. He, I can't hear what he's saying. He's just plowing right along. Think God, what is back on the air? I don't know. Nobody's been attention pal. Could you please have somebody facts to fill in the article in the material I asked for a hand for the website. I can't find them anywhere. It's his Eric. Well, Eric, um, I'll see if I start that. I think I already tore them up into a more, but nevertheless, just condone Eric, you doing a great job. We love it. But just condone. Here's a mobile Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I was traveling this summer, came back through Cincinnati. There was three, four college kids late in online to get check in at the counter, top up before it wateredale and go over to Bahamas. And from the front line, there's this old douchebag and he pipes up and he says, I'll never have a good time down there. There's lots of traffic in the crime. I don't know. We never wanted a kid to say, you know, ignore him. They're all like that down here. And I said it loud enough to deploy to say there's nobody holding a gun in his damn hat. Neil Bajers is right. They can take I 95 more. And I got the, and why does that old fart mind is on a thick end business to add away? What is it his business? Is he working with the anti chamber commerce now? Is that it? I had no idea, but I said there's nobody holding a gun. He was heading to Lee even think of you as president. No, see, I think what it is, he just don't want any plan to the age of 100 coming back down here. Figures if we get three college students, that's an opening and then spring break will be back in no time. That's what they're terrified of. That's exactly it. And secondly, on the stadium is the sunset. And we'll also have to track the bill. The trip in company is a lot of money. But I'm taking a nickel of paper. That's right. And that's what I said. They own it on the cobs. They're mine out left. There's so much big baseball people. Let him build a nice stadium for John Henry. If they think it's going to be so great, let them do something. They never did anything else for us yet in this time. Let's start right now. I'm a one of the former season ticket holders. And after major league baseball said, oh, no, we don't have a stadium for the all stars. I said that if they don't need my money, I could sit home and watch it up to Santa Lake there you go. Take a lot, Neil. Evergreen. Take a paypal. 10 before 2 at 5. 60. WC. By the way, we're throwing all the old parts out of Brower County. Yeah, we're going to call it students back. Yeah, bring it living and breathing people back. That's what we want. Not about to old, sorry, thoughts. Living in condominiums destroying everybody's life. Making sure that everybody is miserable and the crepities they are.