Okay. Sports radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neo-Roger GO, the Tongues of Neo called 5605 680 free, radiative error, or pound 560 on your cell bond, the opinions of Neo-Roger Quest, colors, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of W2AM 3-Decrositions, or the Beasley Broadcaster. Now, Neo Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAAM! I feel good because women's needs are muscle, you was caught by cops in Hollywood. They said that he was done and no good. Ben's on that crying car, the big mob, when you got a hooker and got a blow job. Oh, he's got a hooker and a blow job. Oh, he's got a hooker and got a blow job. English don't have sex, they drink to machines unless you're part of the Royal Family. But you've written up like that, he's no regal star, so he's got a hooker and got a blow job. Get a hooker and get a blow job. In the back, he's you and down on his nose. Okay. It's 10-02 at 5-60 WQM happy Wednesday, welcome to the land of the rampant repression boys and girls. Welcome to the police state known as the United States of a whatever it is. By the way, did you know that the first hit record by the BG was just before the rest of Australia and went to a back to Britain? The name of their first hit record was, Spix and Specs. Well, excuse me, yeah, I can imagine if they came out and they do live out here on Star Island last time I checked some of them. I think Andy's hanging around out there. Specs and Specs, they can come back here like do we make Spix and Spooks would be good? What do you say? That was SPICS, of course, but nevertheless, they had a VH1 thing on last night, which was not nearly as depressing as the Gen D1. But let's talk about Gen and D today, huh? Yeah, come on, let's recycle some of those great hits, let's get sidewalks surfing out again today. But it was pretty entertaining and that of course did next hour, which I guess you saw some of, and I shut immediately off was about Andy Gibb. And being a little masochist that you are, I guess you watched that. Why the hell would you want to see that? I won. I'm just a little wild, yeah, and he's dead. 11 years ago, he's dead Andy Gibb. Once he hit them, our 30 years old, he was too successfully without a white powder. Anyway, the most besides the borrowed school board thing, which we'll get to in a second. And again, the Harold continues to show their back to the entire world. Well, you're a bunch of assholes over there to Harold, you know, you know, unbelievable. Typical editorial, just exactly what you'd expect from the moral leaders of South Florida, the Miami Harold, who never stole four-frame trains. Just unbelievable, but I'll get to that in a second. The most shocking thing of the day, student told not to display the star of David and Gulf port Mississippi. They had this poor kid kind of a goofy kid, by the way, who would orange here. But they hit him on this morning, and of course being a Gulf port Mississippi, to expect him to have orange here. Was wearing a star of David and the school board decided to do that. In fact, school boards all over America, I think, are dropping acid. That's the problem. They're all crazy. There's something in a drinking water. Can't wear that star of David because it might be mistaken for a gang symbol. And they had them on there with his step parents or whatever this morning, step mother and his father. By the way, he'll be very excited to know that this kid's father's name is Tom Green. Okay. I got it. The American Civil Liberties Union says it will sue a school district in Gulf port Mississippi that barred a Jewish student from the Spanish star, David Neckless, because the administrative spirit that it could be mistaken for a gang symbol. High school officials had told Ryan Green that he could wear the necklace, but not where it could be seen. By the way, he said this morning that no, they can't even do that. Even if he puts it under his shirt, you know, they still said, no, they can't do it. Sally, can't do it. David Ingraham, Rutson, head of the ACLU of Mississippi. He was under this morning. So Green's family agreed Tuesday to challenge the policy in federal court. And I was going Tom Green, stick it to him, baby. See, as a person who is just vehemently opposed to the whole business of organized religion in the first place, but nevertheless, still respect the fact that we do have rights. If you want to practice whatever crappy what is long as you don't hurt anybody, at your business, that's supposed to be the American F and wave of guess what it's not. It's not. There's not a city wanted to do this not only from self-advise, it might be affected by the policy in the future. Tom Green told the Harrison County School Board on Monday that the necklace symbolized the Central Legislative convictions that he didn't want to send to be afraid to express those beliefs in public. I don't appreciate calling Mr. David Ingraham simply told the board. The board voted unanimously. Talking about school boards on acid, the board voted unanimously to uphold the policy that keeps students from wearing anything that could be considered a gang symbol. Not that we're paranoid about gangs, or anything like that. Law enforcement officials say some gang symbols incorporated six pointed stars, but normally have other elements such as a letter or a pitchfork. A pitchfork. This is not a religious issue. Said Frank Baskin, a spokesman for the Harrison County Sheriff's Office. This is a safety issue. So I guess what he's really trying to say, I think you hit it on the head is that if the other kid knows it's a Jew, they've got to have to do with gangs. If they see that it's a star David, that this is a Jew. He's got real real serious problem. Oh, exactly. A gang symbol. Cross, how about kids at work, cross? No, no. How about under their shirt? No, no. Crucifix, uh, deep inside there. Right, though. No, that's bad, too. Remember what Linda Blair said to do with it? Huh? Oh, yeah, I know she gave us a demonstration. But nevertheless, this is America. More and more repression, baby. It's getting bad. Get them. Get down to the passport office right now. Get me to a passport office. I'm telling you right now. Because it's becoming more and more and more censorship, more and more, repression, more and more anti-human, more and more taking away your rights. And like I said, instead of getting all those, uh, assault weapons off the street, that's a lot easier to say. Ban all the video games and do this and do that and all the, a lot more censorship. Just like this business, we got with the FCC here, which I find out today, another one of the bits that we're playing. The FCC is psychotic about anal sex, okay? Which means probably there are a lot of people up there working at organization who have a sore act on something like that. They're really uptight about it if you've pardoned that expression. But nobody has figured that story out yet. Nobody has found it yet. Just amazing to me. I mean, you know, be as on a house. That's a big story in this time. But, uh, you know, FCC threatening fines and just chilling business about free speech. I've not a story. Nobody cares about that crap. Okay. Thank you. We'll get to the abroad school board and their spinalists. Gotless pathetic and the Harold as well. At least one thing about the Harold, they're consistent. And very jackass today. I noticed they didn't put it on the front page this time, by the way. Way on the back page of the Harold's board section is a little tiny piece, which very by the way couldn't get a little tiny piece of the life dependent on it. But there's a little tiny piece on the back page by very jackass. 1700 the fan talks show us the feature. Our Mundo Cell Guerrero and Jim Barry, the anxious Jim Barry, despise by all. Reviled by most and despise by all. So we got a lot of good stuff going on there. And then we'll get to our Jane and Dean stuff. Nine minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WQAM. Once you pick up the phone or call our good friends, you draw concepts and make a call of them. Not to obligate yourself anything, but just ask for their great brochure. They have a little show you the amazing rug and especially cleaning facility. It got for it. The Oriental rug cleaning adjoint is got it in my hand right now. An amazing thing. There's spent a lot of money to build this facility to do the best possible job in the world. Nobody else in Torre can do it. To clean your area of rugs and Oriental rugs, they like they can. There's no obligation at all. Just call one of the numbers. I'm going to give you a second and say, hey, I'd like to get that brochure and take a peek at it. You'll be amazed. And of course, they're also probably as a rightfully, they should be of the great job they're doing of dry clean your carpet in your home. Nobody in the world doesn't like they do. They come in and suck out even the deepest down dirt and make even the worst looking carpet to the world. Just like brand new. You can't beat them. That's why I've been using them for over 15 years in my home. So pick up your estimate. Call them at the Endade County 305 93036 36 93036 in Broward 5 950. 545 8147 39 518147 39 and Palm Beach County 561 93047 39 and be sure to ask them for that brand do. Three brochure. You'll be astonished when you take a peek at it. In your home or in their plant always depend on dry concepts. This is 560 UAL. Yes. I'm hitting it as well. I'll bang it. Smack it. I'll bang it. I have no pants on. Oh, I'm dancing in the blue dry town. Oh, I'll shake it round now. I wonder where watch out with Legos when I jerk. It's waiting in my hands. I like to watch it on the upside down. I'll shake my legs with my happy feet. To make my button much more. Come on. Let's go dancing with your pants off. Come on. Let's go dancing with your pants off. Okay. Come on. I'll do my best to take your pants off now. My way me is in motion. Not really in my hands when I'm swimming alone. I can't just say you say it. And they show you how it works. Sure. Come on. Let's go dancing with your pants off. Come on. Let's go dance with your pants off. Come on. Everybody take your pants off now. That's what we're getting at 560 UAL. Slowly before we get to the guy in school board. There's another great piece today by Renée Rodriguez. Who's the movie critic in the heroine. Nice going. Renée, whoever you are. This is a classic example. Well, I'm talking about it. Of course, the public got there. You know, they're not concerned about the movie. Because they don't even understand what the guy damn freedom is. Are in the first place. I want to something about a first amendment. And of course, they're all worked up about the guy damn second amendment. Which they also don't understand. They must be in the list of members. Of course, now Melissa's got a new meaning. Movie ratings board needs reality check rights. Renée Rodriguez in the heroine school. And like I said, Renée, one of the best articles that nobody will read, which is why I better read it. This is an intractable self-righteous bulldog who thrives on media attention and shrugs off the bashing of arbitrary movie ratings is nothing more than whining from culturally leaders. Jack Fulenty, motion picture association of America president, is plenty familiar with criticism, but he even he might be bristling now for it's been a long hot summer for the MPAA's classification and ratings administration. First came the flap over South Park, vigorous longer and uncut, slapped with an NC17, no children under 17 law enforcement, admittedly lood humor. The teen comedy American pie had to be edited four times, four times before landing an R, mostly because of a scene in which a horny teenager saved an apple pie a little bit too enthusiastically and of course, stuck his f**k on it. Most notoriously, there was eyes wide shot branded with the adults only rating for its graphic origin scene. And now the ratings board is working its mischief on the ads for two movies open Friday, setting a new high for the MPAA's in namely arbitrary nature, or I think what you should say when a new low. The board objective that the proposed TV spot for teaching misses tingle, which we talked about yesterday. What's his name again? Very Watson. How you doing? Very. Anyway, they are objective the proposed TV spot for this movie. A PG-13 comedy about high school students who kidnapped their malicious teacher to force her to change her bullying ways. In the ad, co-star is Katie Holmes and very Watson. See Mrs. Tingles dog wicking a line bottle. You think Mrs. Tingles dog is an alcoholic Watson asked. Wouldn't you be Holmes replies? The NPAA is reasoning for the rejecting the spot. It's promoting teen drinking. Oh, how do you like that? Here's a dog looking a line bottle. It's promoting teen drinking. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Maybe the dog is a teen nature. And you could have make it to his teens that it keeps doing that. Or maybe he will. Worked for wine science Churchill. A bottle of day keeps the whatever away. And Mickey Blue-Wise also rated PG-13 to grim reaper. So I want to mention him. He'll grant plays in our dealer whose fiance has ties to the mob. The film's trailer included a quick glimpse of a painting of a fat bottomed woman based on a real-life classic flimish artwork. The NPAA demanded that the woman's rear recovered by a digitally-created thong before they would approve the trailer for use and theaters. When an incense grant went to the, and you know, if I can interrupt my reading of the circle, can I do it? Yes, thank you. I was watching the piece on CBC last night about Hitchcock, the story of his life in all his movies. And in Cycle, one of the people involved in the production was the lamenting the fact that the, and Hitchcock is the one who cut it out because he knew that they never let it go. There was an overhead view of what's her name from, generally, in the shower scene. And it showed her ass. And they had to cut it out because they knew that it would never have passed the house. And how many years ago was that about 6,000 years ago? Cycle for Christ's X? Anyway, it says when an incense grant went to the NPAA to please this case, one board member told him, we know this is nonsense, but there are people in America who would be offended by painting as a bare buttocks. I mean, this is just unbelievable. We have to now everything we do in America has to be based on, do we want to offend anybody? If that's the case, why? See, this show is all over with. That's just, that's the end. If everything we have to do in this country is based on whether it might offend somebody, then that's the end of entertainment as we know it. nonsense might be too mild award to describe the rating boards reactionary state, since the horrifying shooting at Columbine High School and the alarming wave of similar incidents that have followed, Hollywood movies have come out of extreme scrutiny taking their share of the blame for these inexplicable tragedies. It's a telling sign that later this year, director Oliver Stone will have to defend himself against the suit cleaning he made natural born killers to consciously drive viewers into a murderous frenzy. Whether or not violent films breed violence is open to whenlous debate, but it's sex and profanity, not violence, that the NPAA continues to fix aid on. The unnecessarily sadistic rapeseen in the general's daughter was deemed our friendly, so was the bone crushing violence in the matrix. The menocos are about the other ones that they're also a codica. It says nothing in American plan, not even the infamous pie coupling can compare to the sheer roginess of the showers seen in 1981's porcupies, which was rated R. Today, porcupies know not what again in the NC 17. So basically what we're today is saying that what I'm telling you is that we're moving backwards here at 18 years after 1981, when porcupies got an R and found out past a mustard, past a mustard place. Here we are 18 years later and we're moving backwards. Just like I predicted now, everything in our team and video games movies, radio shows, TV shows, you name it, it's all responsible for people blowing each other's brains. Don't kill each other, movies make people kill each other. Bullets don't kill people, people who see a too many naked butx in movies, they're to want to go and go nuts and they go out and blow each other's brains out. Not kids be all screwed up on prescription drugs. This country, the superficial band-aid approach to every goddamn social problem is country is terrifying. It's mind boggling. You're talking about rampant-y. What you're talking about? So nice going there, Renee, in the hero this morning. So at least there else got one thing going for it there, Renee Rodriguez. Oh, it must be a Georgia's, yeah. They're all named Rodriguez, you know that, they're all, all the same. So anyway, here's this editorial, a bad example swinging teachers case in a hero this morning and don't forget boys and girls, the hero is against evil. They don't want to see no gambling, they don't want anything bad. They do want you to pay more sales tax and they do want to put in editorial is chastizing you voters in the county for more than two to one voting against the goddamn sales tax. That's okay. But when it comes to anything I have to do with sex with morality, the hero is on the Lord's side. They want you to know that. They start out by singing the editorial this morning, the Broward School Board reached a sensible compromise on Tuesday. Did they reach a sensible compromise? No, they sure didn't. In dealing with it's messy dilemma with two teachers who were arrested this winter out of sex club and left them on suspension but continued their pay for nine months, pending administrative hearings on the facts and the law. Given the moral mercanty, quivocal public sentiment about sex clubs that surround these cases, this struck a fair balance. But the board should not allow these cases to set precedent for a new policy on this plenary actions that could as some suggested move future cases behind closed doors. And it goes on to compare their arrest with the teachers who might be arrested for drugs, weapons, misbehavior with the child, a stealing a freight train, etc. And so on. As if there's any comparison. Is there any comparison? No, but that's okay. Don't confuse the editorial board of the hero. The goodly two shoes, the more leaders of our community who are going to keep those evil one arm bandits on here come hell or high water. And we're better not have too much high water because it gets in Mickey's way as bad for business. Although embarrassed it goes on to say in a hero this morning, these teachers might have been fired without any public debate or whether they're behavior violated professional conduct codes. The two teachers who both teach high school, coincidentally found themselves at the same club last January engaged in sexual activities with others. The Broward Sheriff's Office raided it in another club arresting 50 people including the teachers on ludenous charges. How come it doesn't mention here by the way that the charges were dropped against one of the teachers? Oh, I see. It does. Which makes it the art of mixed data tour ludicrous on its face. It says yet one is being prosecuted while the other isn't the split decision among prosecutors, fairly reflect splits in public opinion over both privacy and morality. See, split decision on this one is one isn't so in other it's just get your legs chaced up real nice. Get your back them nice and chaced there by riding the fence like be foe. Is what they're really saying. So the board is being compassionate toward the teachers while wisely letting a trained administrative law judge sort out this angle. Here comes the best. Every time I think I've read the most inane sentence in the history of edit tourals in the harrel, they come up with even better one. But unless it is denuees with other cases of teachers arrested at semi-public orgies, it should not let the CH-it should let these cases remain anomalies, not examples for the future. Teachers arrested at semi-public orgies. This is the way the Harold views sex clubs. Semi, public, or Jews, with their own spouse. I'm sorry, don't confuse the facts. Rather than take a position that nobody in the community and overwhelmingly so far, the opinion is, and I saw the news clip this morning, speaker after speaker getting up there, including a bunch of old farting, go back to the business of teaching a kid and stop persecuted these teachers and get your nose out of their goddamn private parts and let's go on with life and cut the crap. Over and over, they were getting up there saying that, but the school board of course, they're like, a little bit on a, yeah, yeah, please, you know, yeah. So they take the easy way out. They make it look like they do a good thing. And all of them will continue to put you on suspension. We'll find something for you to do and we'll pay you. We'll put you give me a back to pay. And we'll let some judge figure this up because we're too spinal, and gutless to say, hey, if none of our business and go back into a good job of teaching which we're doing in the first place and good teachers are goddamn hard to find. And we gotta be concerned about good teachers and not who they're banging. And by the way, is there any more and here about the story about the cops with those hookers down there in Kendall and the cops up in Orlando who have caught on videotape? No. I mean, I'm, you know, it just reached the point. It's an American thing, but especially in Istanbul, we have probably the worst two news papers of any major market, and I use the term loosely, but at least in terms of population, any major market in America, the two worst news papers. You can be, they can always depend to come up with crap. Never to tell it like it is. Never to have any courage, any balls, just a pander and pander and pander and tell it like they think you wanna see it. And just, and just like with the thing on the penny sales tax, I hate to break the news to you at the hero, and just like the thing with your view on casino gambling, I hate to break the news to you, but you're very much in the minority in this town. Very, very much in the minority. And the people that you're pandering to, they don't read your goddamn paper either they hate your like poison. So you just whistling in the dark, you just farting in a wind storm as what you're doing over there at the hero. God, what an embarrassing rag. 1026 at 5.50 WXU-I-M. Greg Reedon is buddies. Put him on a show before you hear today. Oh, buddy, we postes you more. RWhich personjas, cheers and everyone? I'm home. Help me, Oh jangan! inserts, pressed by the window, I came to you with a shirt, all that bottoms cloud and navy from CNN Gold saw his feedback. Wooof, we're grumpy and yund yang, I speechless jerk. Who knows the same people who judge today? We will never be clearly not obvious. You said you love family, I hate to see, you're a buffet. You're a F carb j pasti. Here we come up in saw, where other gold fields are on the hall and when Billy is up, no people are even using that they'll jump with your white walls and now just a memory, everywhere we don't have to never do nothing with his off-to-downs, gibberish and every ball of kids up I think he should have, honey Well, hell yes, I do I think he should have all your time here I'm taking care of things, taking care of business I'm taking care of things, taking care of business I'm a big deal man, man Here, every ball of kids all if they don't have any eye events all you're run with your sister's ghost be dogs can you never have them in their yachts don't change your mind, well in Illinois hey, hey, hey, we're gonna believe that you're a Yankee band I'm not a virtual beanie that telegram get rid of all kids all take your yellow hair all white get rid get rid all that'll be all it just happened to be on okay 1032 at 5.60 WQAM and of course the apiste they had on NBC which the story with the school board members in the sex club thing is made national as uno national media and everybody's focusing their eyes on us and how on the NFL we are down here and this morning the story they're pointing out the fact that all these people are getting up screaming and yelling about let the teachers go back let them do their thing and then we have basically a spinalous school board is what it's all about 5.60 WQAM 5.60 WQAM 5.60 WQAM 5.60 WQAM 5.60 WQAM 5.60 WQAM 5.60 WQAM 5.60 WQAM tremendous pushing him down pull me down pull my arm behind me your combríabah Well, Joey, Joey, see his program director. He don't really want to pay Joe Bowd 930. And, you know, it's usually Joe is in there in the show and Ryan are there in the morning. And it's said we were treated to crap. But what does that mean they were usually there? They just didn't show off? Yeah. Joe has gotten a better offer from another company in Jump Ship. I like to say Joey, see you in Jackpot. Hey, thanks for the good news, sir. Nobody over here cares. 567, 0560. And obviously the audience doesn't care just like I said before when I brought this up the first time about the teachers and it's swing clubs. Nobody gives a crap except the rest of the world is looking on. Everybody in her brother is looking on. But nobody down here cares except the few people have bothered to show up there along with the 8 million people from the media at the Broward School Board meeting yesterday. Oh yeah, that's the other point. My mind is one because I got same coming in here with all kinds of how's it. Nice job on that golfer, I'm not saying. Here's a Cooper city. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Okay. You know, tell me what's wrong with this picture. Just because you have a couple of teachers that were consulting adults in a private club who paid big money to be there. You know, they want them. You know, they try to get them get them fired. But then you have a president who's having sex on the job. Who's close to being charged of, you know, this country. Talk about setting back. The fact is that it's nobody's business. Whether it's the president's business, whether it's the school teachers business. And the point that they're trying to make which I forgot for the second time is that the teachers while are on the suspension with the pain. Now that they can do whatever they assign them to as long as they don't call anywhere near students. So again, the inference being that because they were at this consenting adult sex club, they must be perverse. Don't let them anywhere near children. Well, you know, that's some saying the argument they're saying is, you know, they weren't even on the job. Here are the presidents on the job and nothing happened to him. So why should anything happen to these teachers? I mean, the bottom line is. But the fact is that it did. Yeah, but you know what? It's all this stuff is done behind closed doors to leave along. Well, what does that mean? Oh, what stuff has done behind closed? Okay. Okay. There you go. That was a good conversation. What did he mean? What language was that guy speaking to? Does anybody know? No. 560, 0.560, pound 560. I mean, it's great. You know, let's talk about Janet Dean again today. As well as I said, that's what I should have stuck with. This is a place where you people out there and I've been doing this for a hundred years. You do not care. Okay. You just don't give a crap about things that any ordinary people in any reasonable place would care about. Believe me when I tell you. This is not a real place. This is Lala Land. This is the end of the freaking Earth here. Here's a mobile and Oakland Park. Hello. Good morning. That's the hot air. Okay, sir. Yeah. I'll get back to what you're talking about the miles out of TVs. Have you ever seen anybody kill anybody with a 27 inch sunny? Yeah. You know, you get my drift. You know, miles and people happens to be it starts in an early age. And if I had done by, you know, somebody that, you know, I want to pay to kid us five or six years old. That's when they start. And it doesn't, you don't, you just don't grow up. And I'm just going to get you here. I'm going to go get you. Okay. Thank you. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, Ella. Yeah. You know, making myself very clear today. I must have better go take a Elocution lessons. You look so awesome. Yes, sir. I think I might disagree with you on that teacher thing. That's considered questionable behavior. Don't you think? No, I don't. I do. I mean, I don't say they should prosecute or nothing. I think it should definitely be made. If they bring it up, you may want it to be made public. No, but they should definitely bring it to the supervisor. I'm going to say, do you not to do it? It's been fine. Why is that? Because it's considered definitely questionable behavior. What does that mean? Questionable behavior. What does that mean? Do you explain that to the audience? Yeah. It's absurd that they go to club like this. And they're, the things they're doing like that. And then they're going to teach your kids the next day. Probably seniors in high school. What are they going to teach them that has to do with their private sex lives? Are they going to teach them about going to sex clubs? Is that it? Are they going to give them the address? It's happening before. Sure. Absolutely. Like teachers had had some even Catholic preachers come on. Absolutely. I wouldn't want my kid being taught by a person going this in a club at night. Sure. Let me ask you this. How do you know what the teachers who are teaching your kids? What their sex lives are all about? How do you know? I'd rather not know. And I'd rather not know. Okay. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Yeah. It's questionable that you hate your. I think you're added to this questionable behavior. Sure. That's what I think. I think you're full of crap. I think there's crap coming out of every poor in your body. I think you're a simple dude. A lot of these fixed right now. So you don't reproduce. God forbid if you do have kids. He's worried about what his teachers are doing about their private sex lives. You people need to grow up. Okay. In fact, I'm going to tell you something. People like this guy. You're living in the perfect country. You're living in a repressed suppressed, constipated God damn United States of America, where once upon a time we're starting to make some progress and have a few freedoms and now we're moving backwards. We're moving back into the Stone Age, started in 1980 with Mr. Alzheimer. That's when it started this reactionary mentality and it's getting worse by the minute by the second. Unbelievable. Questionable behavior. Like the kid like they're going into school and describing what acts they participated in. Like like if they were doing it in their home, where they have no A. All of business in the world have a whatever kind of sex, where they're made to that they want, where they're husband, where they're wife or both. Like they're going to come into school and describe it out to their students. What kind of drugs are you answer? Because we sure like to have some over here. Crazy person. Oh, these sex clubs. I know something. I know go to sex clubs. I know something if they want to. I don't give a crap. That's their business. They pay a fee to go there. It's the consenting adults behind closed doors. There are no children. They're not talking about it in the classroom. These are good teachers, by the way. Crazy person. He wants perfect people to teach his children. Perfect people. Missionary position face to face in the better than that remaining with a doors fully locked padlock, I would hope. Get a live pal. Grow the F up. That's what I would say to you. Grow the F up. I sexually constipated paranoid friend. One moment please. Sorry. There's a rejoin. What's the succession with hokey? The boys. The five minutes wait. You've found what's going on in the home. Just guess who's near a college. Or you'd lie to understand. Oh, what you tell us. They're all me man. I can't let a night be tight. Because I've lost my skin. I'll be up all right. What would it be? But a night is a seat. Because I'm a feminine guy. I'm a feminine guy. I know that I'm a feminine guy. I know that I'm a feminine guy. But they were last night with my son. I'm a feminine guy. I'm a feminine guy. I'm a feminine guy. I'm a feminine guy. I'm a feminine guy. The odds are there behavior is questionable too. You know, sing it like that with those false set of voices. 1045 and 560 WQA and 560. 560. A little flurry there and then most of them went away. I want to hang on too long. You might actually have something to say. Oh, I doubt it. Here's Miami. Hello. OK. Great. Thank you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I agree with you on that 100%. They shouldn't be involved in people's lives. But one thing, you understand that with double standard here. If this were Nick Navarro, who would it put these people in jail. I think you would have been focusing on him. And the fellow that ran this deal, the rest of these people, is the biggest Democrat in Broward. Are you talking about Ken Jenny Sir that I've been ripping an ass here for the last several months? Say you're another one of these people. All you know is Republicans is Democrats. Liberal and conservative. You must be, uh, have one of your clothes because nobody's been ripping Ken Jenny more than I have. He's a fascist. I haven't heard you do it at all. Maybe I just missed. You must be missing it, sir, because I do it almost every day. Every chance I get. I haven't heard it today. Haven't heard it today because we're not talking about it. It's not in Ken Jenny's hands now. OK. The rest of the world already made the school boards. The one that had the meeting yesterday. How about let me say it again. He just got through here and it Ken Jenny's a fascist. My good Republican friend. You see, I can't deal with people like this guy. Also, who's a child? He's the biggest Democrat who ever came down to Pike. Well, excuse me, but there's a lot of Democrats who are assholes and a lot of Republicans who are assholes. Like I said, as recently as yesterday on the air here on the show, the field of candidates for president next year in both parties is coma inducing. I say, give us Jesse the body right now who's not a Democrat or Republicans. They vote suck. That's sure you're just another political animal. You know, you're not their child. All you know is the Republicans good Democrats bad. You know, like South African good and that's said, we're so on Democrats bad. You and Frank Einstein, hope you have a nice life together. Yeah. Idiot. Haven't heard you say it through today. I just got through saying it to him. He didn't hear me say it. That's because you've got cotton in your ears. Sure, you can't hear. You only hear what you want in here. Like most assholes out there. Go and write another letter to the editor. OK, in between reading Cal Thomas. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on a mobile one lie. God. How about Bobby Butterworth also a Democrat? Have I talked about him? Eight million times on his show, Fashes Pig, Mr. Antigand, Mr. Goodie, too. She's also a former browser of by the way. Here's a leading mobile implantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Before that last break, you forgot two things. Not just the missionary position, but it had to be in the dark. And only for the purposes of procreation only. That's right. I just wanted to tell you, forgot that. I want to get the whole pissed off. That's right. That's right. OK. Well, I'll enjoy listening to you, Rayette. So I'm going to go back to my radio. Thank you. Yeah, that was questionable behavior. You know, something maybe was questionable for them, but didn't affect their students. It didn't affect their job performance. And it's nobody's business. Like I got to finally admit at the end of his call at any of before. Nobody's business. Well, I wasn't school. The teachers weren't talking about their sex lives. And I can guarantee these aren't going to be doing it either. And haven't been doing it. That's not the issue here. My knee and it's all friend. Get with the program. It's almost the end of this century for crying out loud. It's almost the year 2000. And some of you are living in the goddamn Stone Age. Don't do as I do. Do as I say. That's the American F. and way. Calendale. Hello. You know, I don't. OK, sir. I'm going to ask you on the fact how America is just turning backwards. It seems like we're losing more of our freedoms and gaining freedoms. And what another thing that scares me is the level of hypocrisy with the politicians, like take for instance, Ken Jenny. I want to school with his son. His son is the devil. His son was a bad kid. I mean, he should worry more about what he's sons doing. Other people than what people are doing themselves. These are victimless crimes that Ken Jenny know. And a lot of our other office. So everybody who aspires to hire office in this state because it's a real Bible something the end of all state. Everybody who's got political aspirations. They think that the way to do it is be a real goody to choose and go after the sex clubs and the adult businesses and to show everybody what a great job they're doing it closed down the strip bars. And that's going to win them some brownie points. Yeah, but it's just a shame because they should worry more about the crimes that hurt other innocent people than these crimes are just big. They're not turning anyone. I mean, OK, so maybe they're not morally right in certain people's eyes. But they're not hurting anyone. Let's worry about people getting raped and murdered and robbed and everything else. I think those are more important things you should worry about. Don't you? I don't think anybody with a brain wants to have a sheriff or anybody else in law enforcement who's salary were paying by the way so they can interfere with other people's private sex lives. Yeah, it's just ridiculous. And that's why they call their private club by the way because what goes on in there is private. That's why they call it that. Yeah, you could do it. Like the hero says, semi public orgies. I mean, you could do go and do it. They didn't know who the hell is going to know. But now because they went to a, I sure hope they don't have the last rated movies in that hotel room, by the way, sheriff will be in their confiscating those. That's just a shame. I'm a great day, pal. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You're, he's the biggest Democrat. I'm telling you, some of you people, it's amazing that you don't have to put diapers on when you get up in the morning, like little children. Little children. Everything is the right against the left. Yeah, that went out with a light bulb. Okay, that kind of thinking and that kind of dialogue. It's juvenile. It's a wasted time. Get into the real world. Okay, where they're all a bunch of thieves. They all suck. They all smell the same. And like I said before, whether it's bubble or rail grower or any of them, the only thing that Democrats have been good for the last several years. Now, just being a buffer against the right wing extremist. That's the only purpose that they serve. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And then the pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Anybody seen Bob Barley, by the way. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Yes, sir. A couple other things. We're not the only state with it's living in the city. I don't know if you saw the thing last week about Kansas eliminating the teaching of evolution. Right. Yeah, so they called me yesterday. Why didn't bring that up? I had the article here for two weeks already. But what the hell is the point? These people don't give a crap about it. They don't give a lot of education. They don't give a gau. They're worried about what their teachers are doing in their private sex lives. But to kind of crap that's being taught in the public school, they don't care about that. They let the fundamentalists write when you learn things. Let them decide the curriculum for the public school for your kids. That's brilliant. It's pathetic. And also Florida is one of the top three states for hate groups. So we don't want to concern about that. Right. And the world is flat and the sun revolves around the earth. Now you're starting to get warm. I can't get away. OK. Bye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Star of David band in Gulf for Mississippi and the public schools. Here's a public school. Kid goes to school every day. Kind of a punky looking orange here to geek with this star I David around his neck. Oh, no. That's a gang symbol. You can't wear it. This is becoming a crazy country. It's a country of crazy people. And all these, like this guy before this professional Republican that call, well, I'm sure hate the ACSU like poison. We better kiss the ground. I'd always agree with him. But nevertheless, usually I do. And in this case, thank God for them to step in there. Instead of the family having to spend billions of dollars on attorneys, which may they may have to do anyway. Because they're kids being persecuted because he wears a religious symbol around his neck to school. A star of David. Very controversial. Oh, exactly. Here's a mobile and coral spring. Hello. Yeah, are you doing today? OK, sir. Uh, that's just, you know, forget about the bad grades of school. That forget about the gun violence. And I'm sorry about what teachers are doing on their own time. I think we ought to have a guide, then we ought to have a witch hunt. That's what I think. I think we ought to just go out there and be, let's get time fever from the hero to follow all these teachers around and find out who's being naughty and nice. And where they're sticking it. Absolutely. It's not a victim. This crime's not even a crime. They've lost them once a year. So just to get the names in the paper before lecture, yeah, all the charges are dropped after all. Amen. Thanks a lot, God. Great. We'll have a great day. And you people on a Broward school board, you should be ashamed of yourselves because basically all you did was pass the buck. Gotless and spinalists, even worse than the original decision. Because now what you did, basically, is say, well, you know, the public sub said they don't agree with us. So we'll let you have your money. We'll give you your pay. But well, let's have a higher authority understand. I like the guide. He'd be nice. Who we hope is we're going to start David around his neck, by the way. Not in public. Now, let me ask you, is it okay if that kid wears a star or David at home in the private? No, I'm sorry. Okay, not at home either. How about in sure? No, that's not good either. And this by the way comes on the heels of the episode last week in California. And the kids being shot and is damn naughty set of a bitch running around there trying to kill people like he said for their safety. They're everybody screaming in the yard. Yeah, that's right. This must be for a safety because not because it might be a construit as a gang symbol. But because they might realize you do wish and beat the crap audio. How do you like that? That's a great message. Crazy people in Mississippi and by the way, we ought to kiss the ground of a grateful that message would be exist because Mississippi and Louisiana always make Florida avoid being hit in the bottom of the comes education. Always way down there, but they're always just one or two notches behind us. That's just. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. You know, everybody's thinking about here too. One of the things is with any only two that were caught in this place. Fifty. There were fifty caught, but how many other names were brought up with that led everybody know what they were. Business man here, lawyer here, judge here. The only thing that they pointed out in the article is that there were law enforcement people, there were other people in all kinds of walks of life. And for some reason their names didn't make the newspaper very good point. That's it. Well, hey, what's wrong with them? I mean, they're out there for that. Supposedly protecting us too. I mean, the teachers are supposed to be teaching. They're not teaching this in school. They're not closing the curtains and doing this in school. Right. You know, hey, get some of these other people. Let's see some of their big wigs whose names are on their wipe-up on the teachers. Okay. Have a good one. See. I got news for anybody that would want that would want to be a teacher in today's public school system. I think need some serious help in the first place. God bless them. You ought to kiss the ground. Especially with the kind of parents we got these days because the teachers always wrong and your kid is always right. Don't forget that. That's also the American F. and way in about the last 20 years. No matter how average your kid's behavior, how unacceptable. How many weapons he takes to school? It's always the bad teacher who one night we saw at Highlight. I can't tell you how many calls I've had like that. Well, they only work you know like eight months a year and nine months a year and a month that I saw a teacher in Highlight. Oh my God. Teacher was gambling. That was wrong with them. Next thing you'll see a Montenegro Circusino somewhere. There'll be a school teacher there. See, I never realized that teachers were supposed to be holier than all the rest of us. I didn't realize that they were supposed to be like monks or something like that. In fact, maybe we ought to go back to the old days when all we had was old. The lesbian's, you know, I'll do Dyke's teaching us schoolworms. Miss, yeah, schoolworms. Miss this, miss that. All my teachers missed. They were like 60 and 70 years old, but they were all missed. And of course, we know that they weren't, you know, doing anything. Yeah, I know. That's God. Tell me, what's the reason for you to say? What's the reason for you to say? What's the reason for you to say? What's the reason for you to say? This is the biggest part of the scene. That's the one that's been waiting for me. That's the one that's been waiting for me. That's the one that's been waiting for me. That's the one that's been waiting for me. That's the one that's been waiting for me. That's the one that's been waiting for me. That's the one that's been waiting for me. That's the one that's been waiting for me. That's the one that's been waiting for me. Hello everyone. 5.60 WX2. I'm Hesley Wednesday, too. Well we got a lineup today. Maybe that's why I'm a little off my feed this morning. I feel like I'm lost. Could've been seeing Sam in here, when we also had the Muffin man, and about 85 things going on in here while I'm in the middle of a show, but nevertheless. By the way, Sam, the answer is, No, just forget about that. Just stay out of here, Sam. Okay, you make me sick of my stomach. Nice job. I got treatment too, by the way, Sam. That precipitated that ugly event we had here with Bro. There's a nice going Sam you're right on top of the baby 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T wireless line Hank is on a way to San Diego. So guess what we got this afternoon to a clock. This is what they started it Bill's in for from Philadelphia, no less. He's really into what's going on down here is any oh no And then at seven o'clock if you thought that was kind of weak. Oh my god Yeah, Joseph Gackie oh no, you gotta be telling me a lie, huh? 7 the 10 o'clock tonight. We got the anxious the terminally boring Joseph Gackie on his station And then again tomorrow from 2 to 430. Oh man Scary really it's it is no is it seriously. It's scary to me. It's frightening Here's Pembroke pine. Hello. Hey, yeah, sir. Actually I called for way in on the teacher situation But I have to ask a question for us maybe I've been in a cave or something But the star of David is Ganged symbol yeah, in golf, or Mississippi. I'll be there. I have no idea. I feel like that getting a good education here You know I'm not even Jewish by my wedding galvanized About the teachers you know they was as holy and now bitch on the TV news last night They say oh well the teacher should be held to a higher standard. Why is that? Exactly. Well, because of the higher salary that they're getting paid. Is that it? Yeah, we're all the big bucks that they're making the guy teaches geography How about hell is he gonna get an opit to where's he gonna do? You know promote you know sex clubs or a group sex or something? And God forbid by the way. I mean this was a private sex club that these people be a feeded you want God forbid that the one or more of these teachers would have been like say that a a a strip club I mean God forbid that that would have happened the world would have ended as we knew it I guess you know I think I am still doing a couple times now and let's you know this is this country has the sex police We are so a part about sex that's unbelievable we could run a lot of the first guy that calls me this morning Talking about their questionable behavior what what quiet number one what questionable behavior number two Who's business is it they're married for Christ's sake the question will be there anything that's facts I've got to forget she's a Christ the next thing you know somebody also be having sex Oh, no, no, I can't let that happen. What can I have a denic? Thanks, I have a great day pal. God. What I mean you talk about the Puritans even appearance are embarrassed They're rolling over in her grave. They got a red post Christ all mighty. Oh, yeah, the teachers have to be able to they have to be really good at issues in their Privilege as if is if their privatizer anybody's business It's something nobody should even give an a thought to if they're molesting children. Okay, throw their ash in jail, of course If they're committing no serious crimes if they're doing hard drugs Oh my god, can you imagine if one of these teachers was called with a roach in an Australian his car That would have been the end of the world as we know it. I can just hear that you're human cry then from all the hypocrites out there Oh, yeah, they're gonna be bringing in weed for the whole class. All right There you go. Maybe they might have a good time. I get into it. I have a long lunch period, but 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line no interest here today to be honest with you a little bit of a flurry there, but no real interest Here's a mobile and for waterdale. Hello. Hello, how are you okay, sir? Listen, what do you say we like just adventure? And then we get a cash-touchable amendment that I'll say that any two people who want to have sex can have sex anytime Any place anywhere and it's against the law to interfere with them anytime any place you mean like on a street corner anytime No, I don't think leave them alone. I don't think so And you're serious? Yeah, get the sex police out of the okay, see on the corner for 41 and I've dairy Would the Oculus crazy person? 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. How you doing? Okay. Listen, I wanted to change the subject a little bit. Okay good 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T. No, this is what I'm gonna talk about because this is the important thing So whole country all the networks everybody in the universe is focused on this right here on this town and his school board And what's going on here and this guy damn facts is sheriff of yours and this guy He wants to talk about god only knows what something. I'm sure real important like how the marlins go to win the penit God almighty. I mean I realize that I've been around here for I hell of a long time probably too long. I think And I realize how God damn complacent and apathetic the public is here much of goofballs But Christ all mighty what is it take to get your pissed off? What is it take does it only take a threatening to taxi was that what it is? Is it only dollars and sensors that the deal? Oh, yeah, they threatened to put a tax on there Right away we had phenomenal response and everybody's rushing out to vote no no no no. Okay. That was good That was fine and you had the right idea, but No matter how much your freedoms are threatened no matter how Aberrant the things are that go on around you. It's still the same old tire Yeah, if we just don't care you cannot make us care you won't make us care we're professionally apathetic I said that 23 years ago and I'm WKAT and it's time the first few months. I was here I said this is the only place in a world where the people make it a profession they work at it They're professionally apathetic It's like an occupation being indifferent we just don't care and we're proud of it That should be it's that of this bull crab about choose life. They should have a Florida license tag That says we just don't care and we're proud of it FNA Because that's the four brilliant 560 560 pound five 60 on the 18t line Here's a mobile and public fine. So hello That those those terrible I said no, we don't get any calls from South Beach anyway. They're all stone down there Let me throw my two cents and I just read the status article vanity fair about P. We Herman Yeah, did you have you read that? I don't know if you read very good. No, I'd already been to be first like good Well, you know the guy dropped out of sight for like I don't know like seven or eight years Yeah, and he's finally like doing interviews that they give it a movie now and everything Yeah, that incident Destroyed his life and it was like the stupid thing on the end together They like a hundred dollar fine and the poor guy You know what I mean it was like embarrassing to a point where he didn't want to talk to the press He didn't want to work anymore I like the guy picked the guy was really funny and then that that was actually a genius Well, what do you mean it was the stupid thing and that because basically with my own stupid things How it's a stupid thing to arrest the guy. I mean this is this is America's idea of police work the sex police They were for our what if you didn't read the article. They were four playing close police officers in this theater right in Sarah's okay. It took four cops off the street right could possibly be solving drug Well, they don't have any crime over in the West Coast. You know that Who's Sarah soda? I think it was I mean come on me poor cops off the street to catch a guy playing with if we win and a theater Well, everybody knows people do that there right. I mean I don't personally do it I do it at home. I read my videos and I'm loving yeah, but I mean I mean did four cops For three and yeah, what we pray for and I just said you got to read the article That America for you baby like I said, but they're all doing a Clinton stuff during penis gay to rest of the world was They didn't know whether to laugh or cry at us Have a great day pal. Thank you, and put it away please I was a geek ever wonder what happens to four skins once they've been zipped Well, once the clipping is done those incredibly strong little helicopters are sent to the four skin factory Where they're made into some of today's most innovative products here for instance We have a wall and one it looks like an ordinary wall just give it a quick rub and You have a briefcase, but that's not all just rub it a little while longer and Yeah, have a suit jays our amazing technology allows us to make many fine-forced in products for everyday use Look at this watch band a quick robin You have a new belt finally our most amazing new product is this new car Yes forced in technology has come this far this new car fits for comfortably But what if the in laws are coming to visit just a quick rub down with warm-vavioil and You've got a full-size van for more information on our incredible forest skin products call 1 800 cold tip Call within the next 10 minutes and receive a free pair of our one-size fits all running shoes It's 1115 at five 60 WQM so somebody facts in which I've already seen this and it's just you know more the same crap Cuz you know cruise ship pace of out of a hundred ninety thousand dollars are cracked out on gambling ships last year He'll another pay off for the state newest gap is paid a hundred ninety thousand dollars and fines were rolling with ice too soon How do you like that? Oh, God the fines which are Florida attorney general Bob Butterworth's latest shot in his war on the so-called votes to nowhere STEM from a December raid by Butterworth and Broward County Sheriff Ken Jenny That resulted in charges against the owners and operators of six South Florida casino ships which we remember so well Do remember that real well? We sure do that they spent all of that money and then of course had to bring the slot machines back remember that with egg on their post Couple days later also your taxpayer expense Under cover officers posing as casino cruise customers boarded each of the both several times and used portable electronic global positioning systems To record the location of the boats where the casino is opened and closed and they were like a mile or two a couple of miles not quite far enough And straight to jail or pay us hundred ninety thousand dollars. Thank you Now for we're Mickey Harrison you see Mickey King you know wrong. That's building another slip from Mickey. Let's build an arena for Mickey. Let's look to public the Mickey whatever the Hellnicky wants that's okay Because Mickey's got naked pictures of every politician everybody in law enforcement in South Florida and you can do whatever it I'll he wants But it's those evil gambling ships don't you understand Bobby Butterworth and Ken Jenny for this asshole before this professional Republic of the Senate ever mentioned them which I mentioned them almost every day on his show What a couple of fascist assholes they are they don't like gambling gambling is evil And they're good to shoot is they're better than all the rest of us and So therefore they're doing us a favor the making sure that we don't get ripped up and then we're not allowed to gamble like a mile or two like inside the Whatever it is Territorial waters Crazy people and this is how your tax dollars be in spent Peter way does this like opening up a faucet and peeing away your money on crap Here's Del Rey Beach, hello Just off Everyday like people say what does we have to do with us anymore? It doesn't do right host a You know you take on the trial level commission. What do you think what you're five six seven oh five sixty Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha the trial. Adorable commission all right Let's hear it the illuminati let's go let's go back to that crap again. Yeah. I don't be doing that Michael Myers thing and there whatever you're doing that thing on your head okay The dog is we're up to her and okay do it in front of you not on top of that it's like this by the way Yeah Austin powers Georgia's doing the Austin powers imitation in a bad one two by 5 670 5 60 and you gotta work on the teeth to and pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line The trial and animal commission you illuminati paranoia running ramp a there you go paranoia The fact is that you got a bunch of spinalist politicians and the fact is that the so called Moderates and liberals got for but they're in a sleep there in Lala land They've been very very effectively You know put back into a closet somewhere Liberals become a dirty ward in America so God forbid unless you're some right wing fundamental Extreme is you're supposed to keep quiet just let everybody else run the country just like that crap and Kansas Oh, don't teach evolution it's the science it makes too much sense. Let's get the good book in there again right Here's a mobile in Miramar hello Hey, Neil how you doing okay, sir. I just want to know if you're in a pro on private property in behind closed doors Yeah, why is it illegal? That's what I don't understand why is it legal for an adult to go have sex behind closed doors If I want to have an origin in my house. Yeah, I do I have to worry about them rating my house sounds like a body house to me Yeah It's ridiculous Also on another no you ready body house. We'd like to have the number no In what also the density regional denny on fox files like the serial killer no You went to religion also he's on the TV and he's preaching all this and singing all these in We can hook him up with son of Sam we can have like a religious ceremony and marry the two of them in jail I know but you can see he's still off his rocker, but I mean it's just ridiculous and they're interviewing him I guess this is amazing all these people people find Jesus behind bars Exactly, it's a vote no two bad Jesus couldn't find them before we two late for all the people to kill you know exactly He's a little slow All right, but though I got a great day pal He's busy up there with the South Bend they do it his hands up in a year That maybe that's what they were confused okay, he had his hands free up in here They put him up there and I crossed only was signaling was touchdown Jesus for Notre Dame Let's hear it for the fighting average baby. What are you saying oh 5 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T. Warless line I mean I don't I don't claim that it's solutions for it because it's hopeless I know that's not a very pleasant message. It's hopeless this country is lost forget it right it off just do the best you can Do the best you can and take a lot of vacations hopefully out of the you know 51 states 51 yeah Puerto Rico Here's a lady in sunrise hello Hello, yes, me and I'm sorry. I was that the meeting yesterday until the way past day 30 and I spoke in behalf of the teachers a couple of things that I thought you might be interested in is that school board members Stephanie class Maryam all of thought and garlic Carter all moved But unfortunately couldn't get enough votes to have it ended red that and they are saying it was nonsense I got up and so come behalf of the teachers saying that especially the one doesn't even have any criminal charges against them And I don't think this has anything to do with the school board right and I asked them you know I actually told them that Since I know every one of them what they like to have their personal lives held up to the light to be scrutinized Right and I told them to get off this witch hunt and of course that didn't go over to well I think this Diana Wasserman She's the real the biggest sugar in the wood pile with that punch. Yes, she was quite unhappy. She's the one that quoted me backwards saying You know that they weren't on a witch hunt What they're going on is an administrative code and in Florida dealing with an act in the walling world to Tarpitude or Louisville Yeah, yeah, I almost said that and I mean it's absolutely Rekeccuous I've never been so disappointed in a private club where no miners are allowed behind closed doors Where nobody has the right to even know what's going on in there since nobody's being harmed Nobody is being put upon who doesn't want to be Private club that they paid a join and somehow the state still has the field they got the right to go barging in there Invite the immediate to go on his witch hunt and then try to hit the smear and destroy people's lives in careers Well, not only are their lives in careers destroyed. I mean you'd name me someplace in the United States of America Where we teachers can now go and teach with the whole balance right and I said that yesterday and then I also asked them It where you know by then doing this what kind of door are they opening now? Are they gonna reverse and go against any gay teacher? Are we gonna start going against principles? We're having a fair All the gay teachers out of school. I met as well. They can run school for two months a year. That'll be the end of that Then we're gonna go with principles who are having affairs with the system principles your teacher What about teachers who want paying jobs for what I mean where is this going to stop? When we have children that don't have books when we have children that are standing in a hallway There's a classroom. Okay, well, we have portable on top of portable, but they got a swim between classes You know, we really need to spend six hours and you know on this nonsense. I mean it's time for the school board members in my opinion To take charge and stop listening to staff staff does not run the school board. We don't elect staff We elect the school board members and if we can't get what we need then You know people like you need to keep doing the good job you're doing and bringing it to the attention Because I noticed yesterday that the two or three of us that spoke Okay, the only one that got You know on TV not that I wanted to be on TV but the other one that got on TV was the one lady who said this is awful I had two grandchildren and I No, the piece I saw in the days show this morning everyone that they showed speaking was in support of the teachers Maybe that would be local TV, you know now I didn't see that well then then you know I guess we did do some good yesterday, but you know at least we got them suspended with pay my biggest complaint was how do you root a career of someone who doesn't even have criminal charges against them and take away their livelihood and their right to obtain Council how are you gonna pay for an attorney So at least without it semi done, but I did want you to know that those three board members did demand that it's the nonsense and But they couldn't the they couldn't get this a point. Okay, keep it up sweetheart. All right. You keep it up. Okay. Very not bye bye 560 560 pound 560. Let's close it all down. Okay, any place people might be just just like that ordinance We got in Broward County by the way, which fits right in with this About virginity That says that you can't a man take it in the right while course woman. I guess it would be kind of difficult a man Take it in the direction in a adult join like in a swing club in a strip bar anywhere it's against the law we got the virginity police that are gonna come up and Frisky okay a new form of first you're gonna first you're Watch And just like they do with a window tinting, you know, they see how what degree or windows are tinted if they're a little bit too dark a little bit too light a little bit Whatever my feet are wrong color the wrong shade If you're a little bit too hard then you got real problems. Okay We got people running around blowing into this brains out. We got people buying assault weapons and gun shows This is a crazy country like she said we got kids going to school and got the portable units With no textbooks You know, you know the convenience store on the corner where we're at a 441 right around from Chuck subs Every now and then when I leave here if I'm especially a psychotic I go in get one of my king size Snickers bars or whatever I get and I was in the other day And there was a bunch of black kids teenage kids like 15 16 in there and You know nice enough seeing kids, but I'm listening to them talk to each other and I thought to myself This is criminal this is criminal how do you how do these kids get advanced from one year to the next and not be able to speak? I mean not at all to hear the way that they were speaking or attempting to speak the English language I wanted to sit down on the curb somewhere and cry What chance of those kids got what are they gonna wind up doing flip and hamburgers at McDonalds if they're lucky if they're lucky And what are what are the goody two shoes the right wing lunatics worried about these sex police supporter the Kenjani people worried about? About who's Dittlen who consenting in private behind closed doors? That's the kind of thing America really needs to be concerned about is the the the Terjudity of your penis. This is something we need to spend a lot of time on Spend some real serious hard time worrying about it. I do mean hard not too hard because then you go straight to the slamer Taking it in from professional tennis the WMBA will be making some changes in order to boot their ratings The changes consist of the following better looking chicks That is all and Christie is bouncing in the front court. She turns that has been moved for Squirt wise up and now 50 a fastest of the ball did you see that Sean if I did I don't think she was wearing any Underpants wall Drop the ball bend over to pick it up. Oh my she shoots and oh it's an air ball Have at least everyone jumped up the trend block WMBA has changed and you're gonna love what you see less scoring more bouncing WMBA we got looks Hey, I got 31 at five sixty that's WQAM so anyway the hero the course the good at two shoes Harald that's against cuz you know gambling against the yollies eagles all these things Talking about teachers arrested at semi public orgies in the reditor list morning and I just turned just that A curiosity during the break I said I wonder if the sports section in the hero this finally eliminated all the edge for those massage parlors And I turned to page 60 On a page with Florida Marlins got Craig council and Broward is still his home And he's doing great out there when a co-steady on the on it and here underneath it's a bottom of the page under what a dismal year it is for Davy Johnson Here are seven billion ads for every goddamn massage parlor in the history of mankind Not that I'm knocking at okay But you talk about a bunch of hypocrites in other words. They'll be glad to take the money just like they did from the cruise ships by the way The gambling ships they have no problem. Remember the day that they had the raid and I opened up the paper and he wore a big ad Quarter page ads for the same for the same for the same accrueships that were being rated That they were editorializing about how Louie isn't this great what Ken Jenny and Bob butterworth are doing So it'll be more than glad to take the money no matter how dirty the money is no matter how illicit the behavior Maybe going on in these joints and don't say joint That's okay, but we're better than everybody else don't do as we do do as we say That's the Harold philosophy and we'll just take the money. Thank you 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line Here's Boca. Hello You're talking about those kids outside the convenience store who are being served language Even speech therapists cannot correct African Americans language. It's considered dialogue and racist according to the American speech and hearing association What what does that mean? It means that you're a dialect and rate What what do you mean racist? What will you send next no sense? It means You talk about the African American kids and it will be there are plenty of African Americans as I'm sure you well know who are very articulating speak perfect English Yes, I know that Even the speech therapist in the school if you try to correct that and haven't speak standard English Yeah, it would be jumped on because it's considered a dialogue and you can't correct them You saw a fact of robotics again, is that what you're talking about? That's the official position the American speech and hearing association. Well, listen that said and it is that another example of our great racist government And it worked. Yes, second thing. Can you tell me exactly what crime were these people with this private members? Lou down the CBS behavior Oh my god, that's what they were charged with. Well, I've done that in my home Yeah, but in your home. Yeah, this was a private club Which should be the same as your home because it's beyond closed doors you have to pay the joint but don't confuse the Brewer County sheriff for that I agree with you completely. Okay. I would get that thanks. I'll be seeing you 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line and by the way, I'm reading this article again I'm rereading it in the Haroldus morning Indulicate compromise school board restores two teachers pay and it's interesting because the today show has been all over this including again this morning I never watched it today show button channel serving. I saw the recovered history. I mean with a blanket. They were all over it And it says and this is nationwide not here of course because I realize you people have got different priorities down here for whatever reason These things don't interest you believe me. I know because I'm here every guy damn day But it says talk radio and internet bulletin boards Lullup would debate on the case which outrage many people's notions of what consenting adults should be allowed to do behind closed doors The suspensions even became fodder for J. Leno's monologues on the tonight show So the nationwide media and people on talk shows around the country are talking about this and outrage Then sense, but the people down here. They're still going yeah And my first couple of calls this morning the one guy the rocket scientists he's told me about their questionable behavior And about how somehow the sex lives of school teachers are of concern to the entire community and the students ought to have an idea who's sticking what to wear and where they're doing it Here's Carl Springs hello Talk about More on two happened to politicians, but first a couple of calls ago somebody mentioned regional Danny a serial killer Was the original that me the guy that was beaten up in the afternoon at the Rodney King case? Yes, okay? What was the guy's name? I don't know it's different guy. I don't like it anyway More so a long time ago I said two great things two of his most famous say he's one of course his doughnut simply because you'll make an S out of your knee The other one was that all the really intelligent creative people Industrialist people whether it's teachers or mental lawyers doctor scientists what have you there out there doing their thing Which of course leaves the complete more is to run the run the country and more or more you've got politicians who just maybe have nothing That it would do at the time that stick to those is another people's business interesting lay enough Many states that have laws on the books against Malaysia gets all sex right In your own bedroom this is where we're going We're in a state of Florida the Saudi me statute that is still on the books makes illegal any kind of sexual activity even between husband and wife besides face to face Missionary position in of course any other form of sexual activity is illegal in the state of Florida Exactly, so if they're allowing this to happen at trepies Are they get eventually decided that they have the right to break into anybody's house anytime they want to have a dear Debitrient police there's starting this weekend That's gonna be Ken Jenny's next deal Just a that just to give you a short story Somals connected one Clintus who became a recarmel California and once again You don't have enough people who have nothing who have no agenda is running for office because whether it's a money situation And they're just too busy the first thing he found out when I got I was moving to California at the time Was that that the the the previous administration Just meant about a quarter of a million dollars trying to figure out if people should be allowed to eat ice cream on the streets of Carmel He worked in there we didn't find a problem We're gonna a few minutes you throw the paper I can set fine, but then the ice cream and destroy this is the problem They have nothing better to do and they just want to stay for nocess and tell everybody I don't know why did that? I don't know why this is my philosophy of government I think that the government only in the most extraordinary of cases ought to be allowed to interfere with anybody's private behavior Another word if you're doing something that's harmful to somebody else at that point you're obviously breaking the law But short of that I don't think that the government's got any business intruding into any of our behavior none They are I only have a problem with people who don't have a sex life those are the people that I worry about Yeah, I know you need to walk in a right place He can't get any of these maybe that's his problem. I gotta go to the dentist. I'll put the only okay. See me 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Jesse Ventura. I'm telling you right now for dictator Benevolent dictator put in all of this crap see the American people are so I've put it this three years successfully brainwashed in the believing This is the freest and a greatest. Oh, yeah, give me a break This is becoming one of the most repressive goddda and by the way certainly the most violent They were talking about that on the talking head shows over this past weekend Most violent of the so-called westernized countries in the world not even close not a contest Week heal people. They're like some people killed guppies and they got them fishpale Denny Rollins by the ladies. Wow the original Denny Denny Rollins Denny whatever McLean. He's also in the slamer It's 1144 or 560 WQOM here's the facts from England again. How do you like that? We're big over there. You want an awye because those repressed Constipated brits. They're loving this At least they understand how repressed they are This is from Sarah Smith at the University of London We say she was recommended to listen to your show by a friend of hers and another university and she says why was he right about you being witty Rimes with I love the show a lot and it's a shame that we haven't got anything like it here in the UK They even charges 101 pounds here just to watch the freaking BBC We need to show like yours over here to revolutionize the whole damn radio business in this f-in country says Sarah Covered by a bunch of muppets called the royal family and the funniest thing happened last week that Queen mom is 99 years old and who gives it them And ps I don't want any back-to-week voice tickets I've gone Sarah good for you. I'd like that bitch up there in Boko Yeah, should use your last name on here. I say that letter by the way the one from uh, yeah, I got it here somewhere Which have we heard from Sherry up there in Boko yet? No, I don't think so to apologize to me for sucking around for free back-to-week voice tickets Man That's the kind of thing we're worried about here. What can we get for free? What time is the early bird dinner? Am I allowed to steal the silverware in this sweet and low those are the important things in this town Which is why it's in the shape that it's in 56750560 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line and somebody facts to me. I already read this stuff about the The paint the taxes paint toxic paint that they're using I kill you in high school and you write that story And about one of the teachers Charles Boyden That's having a big to do with a principal and of course we know about the principal Timothy Dawson at Killy and high Remember the Killy and nine on high hold business That he tried to ruin their lives and get them all kicked out of school. That's the principal down here at Killy and high He's asked ought to be fired right now And they're worried about a couple of school teachers in a private swing club Unbelievable just incredible The crap the scandals in your public school system in this country and the incompetent the ineptitude that goes on And the saddest part is most of you don't care. That's that's the really tragic part nobody cares Here's a mobile implantation hello Hey Neo how are you okay sir? Listen. I'm one person that does care because first of all the foot lottery on news I'd be ashamed of themselves or printing something about a teacher Which really has no concern of anybody else's? Second thing we were there that evening and Are you still there? I'm here and we were there that evening and fortunately we were locked into a room by ourselves And we weren't harassed like everybody else but to the other people that were there It was the most embarrassing thing I've ever seen and you just see the looks on their faces and cupped together right naked right It's really naked It's just it's just ridiculous and they didn't even mention the two police officers that were there also involved That's right. They were not on trial right. Yeah. How come we don't have their names in the paper? Anyway, I agree with you 100% I'm going to Germany next month and who knows maybe I'll stay have a great time Got see you Yeah, isn't that something we come full circle now over in Germany They know about sexual freedom and about all kinds of freedoms but over here. It's becoming like Nazi Germany Correting people around like a bunch of hardened criminals if you should pardon that expression Okay, we got six or seven hundred open lines right at the moment five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line phone calls on talk shows all around America all around like it says in the papers this morning Not here. No, they don't care Here's Pemberp Pine. Teller. Yeah, you do a new okay I'm a black cop man. I work for a metro It just incensed me that these people are arrest people out there that are bothering no one right and it's just I can't even find a word to describe how insist I am that they would carry on about these people and they're private lives And see I'm obviously these people being school teachers in our taxpayers and the idea that we as taxpayers should pay that somebody's idea of law enforcement Is to harass us and it tried to embarrass on humiliating destroy our lives It's unacceptable this totally unacceptable like you said you can watch a box and match and they'll beat each other's brains out There's nothing wrong Everybody's happy about that You pay money for right these people's private lives They're sitting there their handcuff I guess I've been a cop for 20 years and I know how humiliated is to arrest people Especially when they feel like they've done nothing wrong Geez Well hang in there pal. I guess I will okay all right good luck And especially this guy I'm sure no is being a police officer here in South Florida We don't have any real serious criminals We don't have any real serious crime to worry about Isn't the day goes by that we don't have a specially thing and that's what keeps channel seven going by the way All the blood and guts in the murder and mayhem that's going on in this town every single day of our lives That guy we don't have to worry about that or being safe in your home and in your neighborhood 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 5 6 the pound 5 6 the only AT&T wireless line the town that refuses to care We just don't care don't you understand you fat fact don't you get it we don't care Yeah, get it Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You know I've never been to a train club. It probably never will But To be so half a fetic like you say okay, I don't care about spring club I'm never gonna go who cares you shouldn't have the right to do that well Fiblet rate commission right now is trying to go around Congress to make Advertising first cigars tobacco illegal will cigars are a legal product Uh-huh and for our cigarettes by the way, so you know all you can lose who say oh I don't care about twin clots about care about cigars mark my words just wait Don't let just play it away whatever the hell that you enjoy and I got news for it all the pent up where you're sticking Adds you're on this wind club then you really got problems just like bubble was doing It's coming the day's coming okay pal. Our goose stepping see you at the passport office. Okay, two or three hundred open lines here like I said And I'm not gonna just a back off on this I don't give a crap of the elected Not I'm gonna sit here in Bangalore. I don't all I want on this bang on it 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line See that's one thing about the constituency of any of these kind of places whether it's strip places whether it's at all clubs Whether it's a stress swing joy it makes no difference they have no no constituency that wants to come forward very rarely They have the most the biggest closet constituency in America because we put the public has been convinced that it's dirty You know good healthy people don't go to like a strip joint You know what I'm saying Yeah, good healthy American red blood right they don't go to a strip joint They don't go for a lap dance. They don't they don't do these disgusting perverted things That's perverted perverse disgusting rotesque. I'm acceptable 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile in Boker hello Hello yes sir yeah Me a last night I was watching is show on the history channel which is called the history of sex They have another installment on this evening at 10 o'clock and anyone who thinks that all this is Anything new really sit down and watch this show because it was extremely laughable To see how these curtains when they came to this country to Supposedly escape all of the hedonism that was going on in Europe at the time We're basically committing acts of visjality and women walking from farms to farms You know get laid at every at every time and we're not that far from what I think came from yeah All this stupid perverse stuff that was going on behind closed doors and always had them You know if they caught somebody doing something that you know people working on everybody's windows I mean is that what we're you know getting back to yes? I mean it's like Anyone who wants for the good old days is full of you know what crap And that that's a bunch of crap. I mean debris it out into the open hey, you know I like whatever I like and you like whatever you like and that's great No, you know you don't force your point of view on anyone else and I don't force my point of view We may not agree it comes back to again to the NH do no harm I have the greatest of the last Lot's video as long as you are no miners involved as long as you're not forcing yourself on anybody else other than that It's not the government's business. It's nobody else's business Unless you do not in the middle of the street or in the shopping mall in which case it is everybody's business and has no place Yeah, I agree with that. Well, hardly the impact one of the things that really kind of around me was the fact of how some of these curtains What they would do is they would sell off daughters that were not economically practical because you know naturally the mail is it was worth more at the time In the sexual slavery what kind of crap is that? Yeah, and these are supposedly you know card carrying Bible something Christians So you know all this stuff about you know coming off Soft like just it's always the hypocrite That are you know doing everything behind You mean like a lot Henry high that I saw pontificating on the floors of the house a couple of days ago about our children Our most precious commodity in yatiotic But he didn't seem to be concerned about the children of the family that he broke up with that poor guy and Western That he had to affair with at With the woman and lied to her about being married didn't seem to care about his children or those people children We'll have that question of point is you know You know good pointing fingers. They care of your own business and leave everybody Everybody alone sir, you know something that's that you hit it right in the head leave people alone and let's they're harming somebody Leave people alone is that so much to ask in America Leave yes sir probably pardon it, but the FCC doesn't unfortunately Excuse him one excuse him. Well, all right probably who are you? 567 I mean you know he said both crap. We should be able to put that on here. That's another example But I I know that I'm in a very tiny minority that and if we said the effort on the air people Oh my god, he we knew he's a pervert. He's a bulk rat F that and F the FCC and all this other horse crap and It's a ledge fine that we're getting that nobody in the media in this town has been able to discover by the way No, if they come after your freedom of speech then it'll be a big story You're other all my other colleagues in the media here in this town, but because it's my freedom of speech and my right to God They've exercised my sense of humor, but I'm doing it and order living nobody else gives a crap including my good Volts printed a bold printed friend Tom Jerka No, nobody gives a crap about these things leave the public alone nobody is paying their tax money to be harassed Is that a difficult thing to understand? No, I don't think so I don't know about you, but that's not what I pay and believe me. I play a lot of taxes Big big bucks, which I resent bitterly not because I'm a post of pain my fear share Which I make a lot of money, but because I don't want to be to be used for the wrong purposes So I can live in a fashion's God damn state And the brainwashing, you know, they talk about all the propaganda Nazi Germany and in Russia the communist Cuba and all the other and yeah, that's true, but you know something nobody is better Appropagandaizing than this country nobody does a better job of cutting the public in a believing that we're the freeest and we're the best And we're the smartest and the brightest and the healthiest all of which are lies Maybe that's why we're getting fined by the FCC. Maybe they know this chilling of speech Maybe they're not too crazy about having somebody on the earth in this country telling the public the way it really is in a real world Because they certainly can't be living that much in the stone age. I mean it's 12 years now after they came up What I last do but moving on sexual activity and this and that and all the other bull crab definitions that they arbitrarily decide of what words We can say and what acts we can talk about and let me tell you again don't even think about it Right, they have a nervous breakdown up there Washington if even think about it much less do it And what we heard here on this show last year there a lot of you believe me They're gonna be tapping on your window one of these nights real soon Probably one at five 60 WQM we got bills in for a two o'clock after that Then I said you know less it's the better I think five six seven all five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile in coconut creek hello in your has it going okay, sir It is you happen to see the news last night about that option the two children that were killed in plantation on what the mom said What she said about it? Yeah, she said that for children went to the world cup was for that morning You went to sleep the Jesus always in that to record yeah, isn't that great? Everyone just says you know It's okay for the kids to die because they're going to see cheating and go with their people the father who killed him It can I say something closing yes, sir were you flush pack and 560 560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line very thoughtful color Here's a mobile in north Miami hello good morning Neil yes, sir I consider myself a conservative very moderate conservative and I have a side If I oftentimes disagree with what you're saying but when it comes to when it comes to this The first time I saw it on the news I said oh geez what you know one of these days doing up there and brought yeah and then this morning When I saw one of the local stations Actually had their names and pictures I said what in the world? Well, this is not even know I mean their names came out right off the bat What babbling idiot would you know what's it a news editor would hit you know Oh, oh, yeah, we got pictures and everything. Let's run with that. So that's it. This has been going on for years here when I first came here 1976 and then we're doing the thing I've told us a billion times and then we're doing the old routine on Biscayn Boulevard with a John's and the prostitutes and the decoys and all this crap and doing their raids in the newspaper What would publish the names of in fact? I remember back in those days there were people who were like a Vice President of banks There were people who were a lot of all of a one-first of a school in town and and some of those people their marriages Were destroyed they lost their jobs because the Miami-Herald decided it would be a good idea to put their names in the newspaper Yeah, I I Came to my end is the same year that you did and the crap that we put up with that and it's just totally And you want to know why sir because the rest of the people here don't care There I never have to beat these people over to as much as when I'm talking about something like this They just don't care It's really it's really a Situation where yeah first of all if if you call up and you send something to the news people about this You know they're responses hey great and least somebody's reading you stuff and at least somebody's watching this up to me and You know that just means that that are ready Who's life? I don't know anything Yeah, I mean the media has no conscience in this country anymore, sir. They don't care All they care about is ratings are making a lot of money. They care about nothing else no responsibility Whatever absolutely I'm in full agreement with that and I just you know And the problem with this is a thing that makes me so irritated about this is there's a lot of things that happen That you can do something about but when it comes to something like this like I said you can't do anything about it Because we can't get on a phone with them, you know their attitude is oh, yeah Well, we decided to run with it, but they hang up the phone. They go. Yeah high five each other. Yeah Look there's there's another person that With normally been watching TV, but when we when we put these two people's name and picture We splash it all over the place That means you're already in Sir Gawna. Yeah, well, what can you do? Thank god. Thank god that nobody in a local media ever Hit anybody with their current front of a Joe robber stadium and then yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. Have a great day pal And then they just kind of disappeared went off the Houston for a little while and came back in the big superstars now 560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line Lot of open lines have all eight lit up before the break and then we sit here during the break and watch Plank just like plank a lot of prices right watch them all vanish and disappear because this isn't really very important anyway Here's a mobile in four lotterdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I got to tell you if you think this is bad today Wait till November after we elect the new president here on the luck in the present November Now we'll never elect us our CNN ran a thing on Post the other day running for president and at the end they said a strong and Be as force is pushing him toward the president and strong and what and mysterious force all mysterious force What might that be could we say the word right wing? So I think this is just the precursor of things to come. I'm hoping I'm long, but we're probably was all of our freedom Yeah, all right. That's it. Thank you. Okay Thank you Yeah, man who stands for nothing a man who just his name happens to be bushening looks like you know kind of a nerdy guy And that's it and all of a sudden he's way out in front Who knows where these people come from five six seven over just like bubble where did he come from? Besides Arkansas with a banjo on his knee where did you make Carter come from where do these people come from? And please don't tell me about George Bush senior being a member of the trial at all commissioning that guy I'll call back again five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line Where surely spell a bird when we need or huh that's what we need let's bring that old right wing bitch back Here's for waterdale. Hello Hey, now yes, sir. I just wanted to update you about the police officers who were taking in that Sex club rate that to one of the BSO deputy they were fired and The Fort Lotto police officers been on administrative leave. Yeah, he's trying Just to let you know about that Another thing is the unit that did the raids that was the same unit who did the raids on the cruise ships that there weren't supposed to be They were gambling before they were out to 12 mile limit right the lieutenant in Have been charged both of those was shortly after the sex club raids. He was shortly thereafter transferred to the midnight unit in pop and obese and also have some information Apparently he's just in recently demoted the sergeant Due to another internal investigation on another Other thing internally he was caught lying in the investigation So he got demoted that was the guy who was in charge of all these These things but the one thing you have to ask the sheriff's office may be arrest But why is the state attorney's office Prosecuting I do only reason I think they're prosecuting is because they got the two police officers some other professional people involved And I don't think that's gonna go anywhere. I think the judges are gonna drop this whole case Oh, yeah, they'll they'll get thrown out, but at the meantime they've done their damage. Oh, yeah, they've done their days ruin some lives That's for sure, but for our county taxpayers are gonna be paying a lot of money due to the civil suits I don't it's not gonna go anywhere. Right Okay, pal. All right. Thanks for the bad news. All right. If you blow too much you're in trouble Boy Oh Sitting at home watching white water day old talking by how bump a ceiling nine it five Our rail when Southern Lee with the bullet and to dish up onto the screen came as partner and Bishop She said this job can To our witness room It's a normal routine as ever To last more did sales comment up at five 30 people them from the stores because they so dirty oh They're so dirty. Oh They're so dirty. Oh there's so dirty. They curse all the time Oh there's so dirty So so dirty Oh All the time The album and he was a Paul He said thank you Janet Reno I'm glad that you're called we got the take-a stand I'll guess this 30 wrong Besides it's really close to the election time His brow were judged friends that I will not fail you will censor any mention of Janet Stale you they're selling such a kid going through puberty The two live crew. Yeah, they so dirty Oh there's so dirty. Oh there's so dirty. Oh there's so dirty. They curse all the time Oh there's so dirty so so so dirty Oh there's so dirty They curse all the time He kept crap a bunch the show he had got Almost of the people said the tie is a fun He ribboned land of that noise pollution Even though it went against the constitution and what did Lufu Durant all of this job So 10,000 more copies at 1295 Oh a brand-new Mercedes. It's really hurt Steve Robin it's to the bank Because he so dirty Oh there's so dirty. Oh there's so dirty. Oh there's so dirty. They curse all the time Oh there's so dirty so So dirty oh There's so dirty. They curse all the time E 15 at 560 WCM I guess they threw the charges out again Luther Campbell Oh, I don't know to rest the other day. Remember last week it's club. You know what the Z stands for next club? Jersey gag. Yeah For Luther 560 750560 Yeah, they heard that that's what the Z stands for was Jersey gag And they said that's pornographic and wait till they find out he's on our station You think we got problems now. We're gonna be in big trouble 710 o'clock tonight 2 to 430 tomorrow on this station. We got jerseys And we're all pretty embarrassed about it. Plus ones he wants us all to know Everybody in the world that he's apologizes and beforehand ahead of time You know all these simplistic bumper stickers, you know bullet guns don't kill people people killed people Oh, that's so I got a good one. How's it at this son words don't harm children bullets do? How's that? See always the excuses for censorship whether it's on radio stations, whether it's in the movies Oh, well, we got to protect its children. I don't know any kids that get harmed by words And has nothing to do with their morals and has nothing to do with their well-being And has nothing to do with anything because there are no words that you can come up with that your kids haven't heard no matter how young they are And they're not impressed they've heard them a million times and they could throw a few back at you You don't even know what they mean But that's always the convenient excuse. Oh, we have to protect the children just like all the bigots out there back in the You need a bride days during this town 20 some years ago save the children save the children yeah Sure 560 50560 pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's Miami. Hello. No. Yes, sir Okay, listen, maybe I've come in on this story real late and it's probably out But I just kind of came the door and saw last piece of a new story that one of these women that was involved in this Supposed sex scandal She's got a bunch of parents now talking about how she gave kids marijuana and other drugs and Maybe having sex with them in her house What things where do you where do you see that? This one channel 10 and from the school system of two teachers? Yeah, what what was the I think it was a South Brow at high school, I believe one of them Not sure. We're worried at this all of a sudden come from I have just walked in the door and Happened it was on and as I turned around the corner for my kitchen look in and they were talking about this teacher Who Was also having sex with children at her house and did this and the teacher is one of the ones who was busted at the swim club Are you sure it's the same story? I'm not completely all right. Okay. Well, listen when you find out call on let us know because I'm sure it's not Oh, I love calls like that man. Don't you just love calls like that? Oh, yeah Cut a little piece. So let's call up in yeah 560 Because I know that anybody else that's going to a swing club. They're probably having sex with minors and probably distributing pot all over town 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's for a lot of Dale hello Anywhere happen at get a Rick Sanchez hit over there. Oh, yeah, gee. Thanks. Yeah Here's a color red. Hello Yes, sir Do they have a case where lawsuit I think so Yeah, who's gonna pay for it Well, I know but we should do it and Who's gonna pay for the couple of elections They're doing this little life Okay, sir. This guy he says he'll be glad to pay for it. It is numbered sure. He says he's gonna pay for their all their legal fees to take it all away to Supreme Court 560 50560 eight million open lines here today baby. It's pretty weak. Did we have one call about this thing and golfport Mississippi About the kid being told it can't wear the star David a class because it was considered a gang of sign Again symbol one call about that no no And just here last week everybody's screaming and yelling and carrying out of all my god The new wave of anti-semitism and he's not these and all these hate groups in the audio and here in a public school and golfport Mississippi The ACU has to step in because this kid is told to can't wear a star David a class What do you think would happen if the kids here in South Florida would told to could work crucifix across around the neck Can you just even begin to imagine the fallout from that? Massacita exactly 560 50560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line you're just a I hate to break the news to you okay You're in Lala. Hey 95% of you are in Lala land you are oblivious you're delirious Here's a mobile in Miami hello Hello, yes Yeah, yes sir first time I call but Missy feel frequently and I just wanted to say This is a this is really ridiculous It's the whole thing about it is the aftermath What the family's got to go through what they expense they got to go through right? Yeah There goes our phone again. Thank you very much Southern Belle. There goes this crappy Greg Reid phone again. Sorry sir. I apologize But that's our phone system Just can't handle the pressure God wouldn't be nice to work on a real radio station someday Would like real equipment and I thought anybody would lie to me and say they were gonna build a sustainability out of equipment with all of the wisdom Best equipment and stuff like that and I was stupid enough to believe it you know I'm saying Greg Lairlier pants on fire every day. We got to go through this crap Bush league That's why we got cheers a guy on the ear here tonight and again tomorrow Bush league and By the way Very jackass today and this one's not on the front page of the Harold how do you like that? Well, yeah, I wanted to backpages as Barry Stewart today if I can find it and I think I lost it And all of a sudden more testies to strata he's in he's out now They're looking for somebody to be on a show with him last week Barry was right now the new weapon station That he wasn't gonna be on it was gonna spend his time with his family and up in central Florida all of a sudden now As if he never wrote that in the first place the stations looking for release one co host a joint former Marlons first basement More testies just run on talk show in the evening 7 to 9 eight to 10 sometimes and guess what no mic in the mad dog because the fan in New York doesn't syndicate to show They can't carry that show so that was more bull crap and I was Jim Barry maybe two to four As once again, Barry jackass continues more misinformation more misinformation more bull crap and you're great American news paper the mommy hero In fact the mommy hero is I think the epitome of what's wrong with this country It was possible hypocritical full of crap and certainly not in the best interest of the public only self serving 560560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line for waterdale hello Hey, God yes sir. Gunned it down hurt children Do you want to face change? Do yeah go red wings. Uh-huh asshole 560560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line more on here's a mobile in heaven sure. Hello Hello, no yes sir. I want to thank you for the battle my heart for lunch Friday When I put it on my normal Boris. Okay. Thank you He was on vacation. Okay. Sorry sir. He was having a good time Thank you from the bottom of my heart. No, there are others silly spit kind of gonna say but I think it's going on Just want to take a cheap shot at somebody very good sir good regulations let's go out for you very well done schmuck Here's a medley hello You know how are you okay, sir? I'm trying to get me pissed off a disc rob man. They're just in Lala land. They're just foolish idiots You okay, they're Mario the right no, isn't that? I Yes, we work time for the mad dog. I want you to play the mad dog song. Okay, 567 560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line here's a mobile in deer field. Hello Yeah, yeah, sir. How you doing? I wanted to talk to you first time call it I like to follow that for the couple assholes that were on just before me. Yeah, 200 around two good ones. You know, who's going on with that? But I just want to Get your take off stuff. I got a couple kids up the school up here in For in each and I would just told us they're not allowed to wear their shirts Out of their pants and with no belt they're bearing they're being Screamed every day. What do you mean no belt? What does that mean? They have to wear a belt? They must wear a belt and they must wear their shirts up there Can you believe that no the way of the country? Well, well wait a minute. Can they wear a t-shirt to school? Yeah, they go or a t-shirt. Well, who the hell do they have to do that? Talk to an a t-shirt? It beats me. It just caught me off It just made it really open my eyes to the school on a hangar. Who's actually Running a costume? It's not she's here, you know? Yeah It's a character, but yeah, that's what my Have to know if it came home. They must be something and they must wear belts You know, I guess What are they afraid? They're pants are gonna fall down if they don't wear a belt is that what they're worried about? I think what it is that it makes the easier from the heart of guns, you know? Okay, we'll call us back and let if no if it works. Oh my god Yeah, let's have dress coats. Let's have everybody dress up at a little uniform. So you people out there that are in favor that you need mental help Just like Hitler's little, you know the Hitler youth. That's what just what we need is all the kids dressed up to Same little uniforms go stepping the class every day that'll do it Five six seven all of these things that have nothing to do with education by the way nothing to do with what's going on on the inside All these artificial stupidity out of things you're all the American band-aid approach We don't have any real solutions stick a band-aid on the luck on the Titanic metal work. Just as Leo. He'll steal float Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line 12 25 a QAM Click it and stick it No Beauty queen They all agree Yes Why I Why do you have to wait? We'll love you, yes, funny. When I leave you and you, and you, and you, and you, and you, and laundry. There's dropping stone, but in a prison, there's no rule, there's no rule. Oh, they end this lock-in. There are all the broken, the date and time's un... Did I forget about it? No, I did not forget about it. Well, I mean, I did, but intentionally. Just leave me alone, Sam. Okay, you bug me. You bother me badly. You bother me coming in here, pretending you're doing some work, which we know you're not. We have an immediate houters. We have an immediate whiteness, and whiteness is what he was meeting with. 560, 50560, pound 560, and a mobile one line. Here's a fact from a somebody in Kendall who says, on the issue of sex clubs and how immature this country has become. Think about this, other than at a shady local, which I find that an interesting term, but other than at a shady local, can an adult run into an adult film in this town? Question mark? See, I don't agree with that. I think there are a lot of video stories that run to adult movies, or am I wrong? The hardcore? Yeah. No? No. There may be some that have a back room, like to be deterred and kind of saying, right? But that's rare anymore. It says, the video stories that used to run these types of movies were bought out by baldy and turned into better than God, holier than now stores where they will tell you what you can watch. Let's face it with no competition where we need to turn to. In Kendall where I live says the effects here, you can't find a video story other than adult books. There's the catered to adults like me who from time to time want to exercise their rights as an adult, and if you want to see the privacy of my home. But we have only us to blame for electing these types of assholes into public office, so they can tell us how to live our lives. Where's the nearest passport office he acts? Well, that's the revelation of me. No place to write the adult videos. Except of course there won't place up there in Tamarack, which we won't talk about underpettably a death. Because that guy said, you know, I said, I said, let's do black deal though, that what's his name? Rawr. He's borrowing all the time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Can you, I want to tell you about how bad date schools are right now? Yeah. I'm a student at Southwest High. Yes, sir. I'm a school where there's 40 plus to 60 plus students in a classroom. Well, that's lovely. Yeah, and they don't even have enough books for them. And we're taught by teachers where my personally, about the top of myself through all three years of my high school stay there. Right. And they don't care because they make 25. The teachers are making like 25,000 a year and less sometimes. Yet the school administration somehow now has a brand new office. I do like that. You know, for all their staff and everything. Right. And so now I'm trying to get out of there. And who knows, maybe I'll go to college one day. Good luck, pal. Yeah. I'm telling you. Sounds like I don't need it. Okay. Really. Thanks, bud. There you go. That's how much you people care about the public education system. That's why it's in a shape that it's in. Oh, but we got to build a new stadium. Let's find. Come on. We'll find some way to get some money. We'll find some way to subsidize it. So John Henry can have a play to it. But screw the kids. You know, now when they're on the wrong. They're all bad anyway. Another evil. Fine. We got 400 open lines here today. Maybe it's a real tooth pulling experience this day. If 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. They get real ordinary when we start doing a show like this. I'm telling you, they get real upset like that jackass that called a few calls. They go, hey, we don't hear enough madness. Play that mess. Yeah, right. Play some stupid stuff that we've already heard 50 minute times because this guy is too much of an immature child. He don't want to hear the guy damn truth. He wants to live in La La Land. Just like I said, just like most of the soft floor. Eee. A lot of place to live. It's a place to wait to die. It's a place to escape from the real world. Because there's sure nothing real about this place. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. 7 minutes 53 seconds in their gone. Thank you. Okay. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, are you okay? Great show. We have somebody like you talking about issues that really come to town. I was willing to waste my time screaming to a bunch of people. I don't give a crap, right? I tell you, you should be commanded. This thing with the teachers, I got a lot of friends that are teachers and kind of talk to them a little bit. You know, and they said, and I agree, they're a private life. There's no business of anybody else. And it's not like they're exhibiting a stuff in front of anyone else, which wouldn't be probably wrong anyway. And you got to police coming in there and busing them. They're behind closed doors. They're paying a premium price to those students, whatever they want to kind to a door. And it's really sad. It's an item-imagining five-ten years you won't even have teachers. Now that they're going to be afraid of being fired or losing your job. I think the officers, this is one more great incentive for people looking at in the teaching profession. You know, it's almost impossible to get people to become teachers anymore because of the fact that the public doesn't support them. They don't make any money at all. And the kids, you know, behave like about your animals now and bring weapons to school. Looks we never used to hear of. So it's almost impossible to get good qualified people to be school teachers. So let's just start a witch hunt and see how many of them we can afford out of the business. Thank you, everyone. Yeah, including off to the young boy, where was that where he can't wear a religious symbol? Don't support Mississippi. You can't wear the star-davin. Yeah, that's pretty sad. That's like things all, I'm Christian mind you. That's like saying the all Christians. Hey, don't carry your bibles out in public anymore because we don't want to see those books. You know, that's it's just that thing. The world's really going to crap in the hand-bath. I don't know what to say anymore. I'm just going to go smoke a big one and get back and watch. All right. How about you on the top of the line? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Free weed for everybody. That's what I say. Oh, yeah. That'll solve some of these problems. Mellow some of these assholes out. Ken Jenny Bob Butterworth, school board members, most of them are Spinalists. Let's hear it by the way for Stephanie Crap. Is she the one? She was the one that had some balls. She's the one with the biggest balls. They run a bar with school boards. I just throw this thing out and let them go back and teach and cut the crap. Let's hear it for Stephanie. Okay. One person. Stephanie for a mayor of Broward County. That's what I say right now. And let's cut the bullcraft and stop with the witch hunts. I say there ought to be an impeachment drive against Ken Jenny right now for that. Idiot that called me for telling me about what a big Democrat he is. Therefore, I don't talk about him. But if it was that asshole, Nick, the bar I would be. Not only are you in correct sir, but I said we should go on his program and the story for his book. The ought to be in teaching Ken Jenny right now. Mr. I have bigger a fish to fry than be in sheriff. This is only a waiting spot until I get to be a big shot. You're a big shot all right, Mr. but they got the iron award shot in your case. You're a big oozing smelly pile of crap. Ken Jenny. You know, this is like in the carkey witch hunts. That's what it's like. And that was in the 50s. That was in the early 50s. So in other words, we moved the clock back almost a half a century. Nice going. We don't want to go forcing for barging our way into that next millennium. Now, let's move the clock way back. So we give us kind of an easy, easy into what kind of an approach. 567560, pon 560, animal, one line 21 before we want to kill him. So as soon as I even give the time, there goes that one drop soft. Another one here on the level man. This radio station is like a gigantic cancer on my back. I'm amazing, but I'll take the text. Thank you. Why are you airing? She like this. Hey guys, have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend what's really on your mind? Like when she asks, you need kids making this bed. Well, now you can. With the Mr. Hanky message service. Hello. Hello. I'm here that you're having a little wait. Pro help. Excuse me? That's right. You've got more chance than a Chinese phone book. What the fuck are you talking about? With Mr. Hanky message service, you can get it all off your chest. And she'll never even know it to you. My gosh, you're coming to my chest. I can smell it all the way over here. You're a little motherfucker. Girl, tell me you piece of shit. If her ass is getting big, let her know. Call 1800 Hanky what? 244 too much Hanky. That's the problem, baby. They don't like that Hanky Panky in America. Cut it out. When it's out, do like Rudy Giuliani in New York. Let's just sanitize all of America. Begging into one 50 state Disneyland. There you go. Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse. Don't let him get too close to each other because we know who's inside was uniforms perverts. But let's have one big Disney world. And that'll be America for you. In fact, let's just make everybody into a unit. That sounds good. Oh. See you. 560, pon 560 on a mobile one line. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. A collale. Yes sir. I saw the Russian rocket yesterday. Yeah. You look great. Uh-huh. Very exciting. See all the great, you know, Russian NHL players over cold coast. Yeah. Yeah. So it's good to get hockey back. Hockey's not back, sir. It's the 18th of August. I know. Hockey's not back. Nobody in the fact of what we've been 18th of October. Nobody here in this time cares about hockey. I know. And you know that. You and I do and that's it. I told the second one. I should get it again through you and I. That's it. He's out of Russia rocket. I'll get it. This guy must. He must know Gilbert. 560, 50560, pon 560 on a mobile one line. Another one of these people that goes to practice. Ooh. Oh boy. I mean, any, no matter what sport it is, you don't when you talk about professional sports and yeah, there's only one thing that comes to mind. When somebody says they went to practice, you know what that is? Why would any person in his right mind go to watch play a guy's practice? I won't even go to an exhibition game, which is, you know, supposed to be like at least a contest. I won't go to that for a lot of money. But practice, sir. Are you, are you losing it? Are you out of your mind? Why? God. Captain off the streets, I guess, is the only positive. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. A long time listener, first time caller. I wanted to talk to you about the baseball stadium. I want to talk about the arena that we help build for Mickey Harrison, one of the world's richest men. Did you know that his corporation carnival cruise lines pays no United States. Yes, I do have to. I talk about that all the time. The ships are all foreign registry. Yes, sir. I'm all right. That's great. And Daddy took his nine billion dollars over to Israel. Years ago, Ted Eris and so we could avoid paying tax on it. Here in the US, yes, sir. That's right. And that's how crazy we are. The politicians are helping him build an arena. Well, that's your mayor. That's mayor Pinga that did it there for you, sir. He's the one that put it around a public. If you're forward vote, yes. If you're against it, vote, yes, whatever. That's right. Well, that's what I wanted to say in the old. Thanks for listening. And have a great day. Now, this stuff just goes on. I mean, the penny sales tax was a miracle because at least the people had a chance to vote for it. And there were some of us who were able to help to rescue the election result. I think I hope. Well, generally speaking, it's one of these deals. If you're forward vote, no, if you're against it, vote, yes. What can we do here? Let's swing it around and lie to the public. Because this, this is one of the easiest places in the world of kind of public. Because people there are asleep. They're professionally doing their rip and wake a routine. Even when they're driving, just take a look around you out there. If you're in your car right now, just take a look. There's news and baby, you're cruising and there's news and. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. How you doing? Not too good. Really? No. No, I'm beating myself up. But I think you're the greatest. Yeah. And I listen to you all the time. What do you study press about? I'm going to divorce. Oh. And you should be, you should be having a party. It's killing me. Yeah. But anyway. How can we do for today, sir? Before we go into a total state of depression? Yeah. Right. Okay. 560560. I wonder why somebody's divorcing him. I don't you wonder why. Yeah. Woo. Congratulations. We're not wherever you are. 560560 on a mobile one line. Wow. Woo. I sure feel better now. You know why? Because I'm not him. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Yes, sir. All right. Yes, we'll also get into the wars. Yeah. You think Rich? Yeah. I've read about that. Very messy. Nice. All kinds of us. Yeah. King of the right wing douchebag. King of the don't do was I do. I say great. But the one that was philanthropy around Malice. Life was lying on her deathbed. Yeah. Yeah. And you said on her fair for what? Three years now? I think I heard. Yeah. And he's a robot learning. Yeah. I think he's a robot. Yeah. We're going to get a divorce. So that he can pursue his little welfare there. Right. You must have a lot of cash in the way. And a stash somewhere. Otherwise these women got real bad. I said one or the other. Yeah. One of the other. Well, she's hiding something that can't be seen by the naked eye. All right. You know, I thought you guys, thanks for the good news, sir. Good old new baby. He's got more problems. Now he's got a real messy divorce coming up there. And a story is all over the place. And he's got that bull likes. Sister we've got to contend with. Well, a problems. And let me say it again. The people, the right wingers, the finger pointers, just looking at closets menu. It would be like Fibre McGee and Molly's closet. Just stuff come poor and out of there. The ones who point to fingers the most, those are the ones who are dealing everybody inside. Anything that moves. Here's a mobile and pomp and a hello. Hey, I do. And I'm northbound on the turnpoints. I'm long from pomp and a lot of here by a ye-ha jump. All right. You're breaking a progress. Nice going. And not liking the right. And I'm headed towards a camp. I'd pick up a new motor on my butt. Great show. Listen to you all the time. And thanks for providing it to us. You're talking about police brutality, which is what those people suffered with. With police brutality. Right. And W.S. The end aired something about a week ago. Up in Lake Worth. How that cop was beating that guy with that metal baton. It was a whole bit time. It was a whole bit. We're going to show it about two, three thousand times in slow-mo and free-shram. Looks like I said I'm with a golf club. Yeah. But the first time they aired it, they also indicated that the other two officers were holding the guy down on the ground while it was happening. Yeah. The next two or three times I saw it, there was no mention of that. So I emailed them and asked them, you know, what was their take on that? What happened to the other two cops? They were as involved as the first one. And no emails returned. So I figured I contact the state attorney off-sup there in Palm Beach County. Yeah. And maybe follow it through. It seems like the other two guys are in the background off the look completely. Really? I saw them as being part of it. So. Sure. Sure. Look like it's a me. I saw it about 400 times. Well, they're going along. Just in Chandler's one, you couldn't have missed it. Well, they're going one guy, boiling an oil and all of a sudden the WSVN didn't want to talk about the other two. Well, it's exactly like them. Sounds kind of like that story about the a prostitution ring in Dave County that people keep promising us. We're going to hear all the rest about it in all the names of gentlemen. And so on, but nobody hears any more about that about the cops that were hurrying out to 16-year-old girl and candle in a one-high-lia. That's the police chief for the mayor or somebody like that makes the call and all the seven of the story. All of a sudden, they're going to be like in our great investigative journalist that we have here in a media for some reason. They just all of a sudden lose their tongue and we never hear another word about it. Isn't it great? Well, your show helps some of us realize that and the rest of them like you say they're off-law-law-land. Okay, pal. The reason I was calling and headed to pick up this RV and I'm to have them put a dish in it and they offer the dish network. Isn't that the system that I want? Not the SS? No. You don't want the dish network. You want direct TV. I want direct TV. At least that's what I like. I mean, this, I don't even know what this network has got. That's run by the cable operators, I believe. Okay, I'll focus around a little. I'll focus when I tell you direct TV. That's the way to go. That's the way to go. Okay, great show. Thanks for providing us. Have a safe trip. You too. I will. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. We hear any more about those cops? No. I want to cops up at Orlando that I talked about yesterday on a video kit that we saw. No. Please, frame and slow mo talk. A ticket in the here? No. You're any more about that? No. People going to a private club behind closed doors, adults. Nobody's getting beaten up. Nobody's being abused. Nobody's being alarmed in any way. perform so there is no no way in the world that anybody should know anything about what's going on in there. All but they're breaking the law. How are they breaking the law? Loot and was serious act. Sex is about course they're again. You go back to that's not a me statue but you got things under books from 5,000 years ago. There's anybody in this audience right now touching yourself. I'm telling you right now you better hand-off because you're breaking the law. That's against the law. Whatever you might be to. Even if you just take an leak and check it off a little bit you're breaking the law. And if it's starting to get above like 50% on the Richter's scale of turbidity I'll tell you right now Mr. you better cut it out. So to speak. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Can't you have some happiness and this is why he is busted out. Okay thank you. Can't you. Can't you? He has no penis. Thanks for the good news. At least you know God works in mysterious ways but sometimes we get to good news a little bit late. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey how you doing? Hey okay. You just scared to heck out of me man. I was in here with my phone and my right hand and my left hand was in my lap. No no no I don't do that. I'm going to win the net. All of that even accidentally in my brush show you right a little bit and God only knows what might drop up next. I really work. How to be a honest chronic lawbreakers. You know I was sitting here thinking we got all these so-called resource office. There's an all of our school. I don't know about Mississippi but don't you think that these guys shouldn't have who the gang members are instead of just flirting with the 16 and 17 year old girl. First of all the idea that you know I can't imagine that there are too many Jewish kids in Gulf port Mississippi in school and it sounds to me like a flagward act of discrimination and anti-Semitism was really sound like to me and like I said before if they told the other kids that they had to take the crosses out there. They would be such a human cry and screaming and carrying on and asking of teeth like you'd ever saw before in your life and you're the only one that's got anything to say about it. Nobody is the least but concerned about this. Well the whole thing bothers me I know when I was in school it seemed like the administration knew who was doing who was breaking on Friday now and now they can't tell the gang members from a Jewish boy. Hey listen to parents don't even know when the kids are building bombs in the garage and in their bedroom so how do you expect to anybody in a way thing everybody could believe this man. That's true. No family anymore. Everybody just runs the streets and does what they want. There you go they're running the streets. Well nearly you keep up the good work because eventually somebody you can turn somebody around it's not listening and make them listen. Okay I love the list you say. Have a great day. I'm going to turn somebody around. I'll... I must have me confused with Ricky Martin. Apparently those two other cops in the lake were getting were fired yesterday someone called. All right. All right there's the good news. Okay the two other cops were candy yesterday. Good. That we're holding the guy down while the one cop was just beating and beating and flailing and wheeling repeatedly over and over again. Like I'm maniac and heat. Five, six, seven, speaking of Reginald Denny. You've not seen it? Isn't it ironic how that came to that. I told you over the years everything ties in together like I got them puzzle. What goes around comes around Reginald Denny. It was in this book before. Flip that name in there. From back in the Iranian King days. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty. Boy I'm Tony. I'm working over time today to try to use squeeze a little bit of response out of these little thargic bastard out there. It's not working. Dude, I'm trying. I'm squeezing. I'm pushing. I'm pumping. Probably they turned off because they heard that the Jersey guy could be on later. It's not till seven o'clock but that would sure get me to crush my radio. Oh boy, it's the one to two hours. Have you trouble falling asleep? Yeah, every night I try counting sheep. But they stink. Well now you can relax with a new limited time offer that stinks in a different way. It's the best of outdoors. Oh, gore. I want to be asleep. Not gomato. Shut up and listen to this. And we have this today because I created the internet. Wow. I feel a drowsy already. That's right. After just a few minutes of listening to Democratic presidential hopeful outdoor, you'll forget what's bothering you and start thinking about who's bothering you. I love the environment because environmentally speaking without an environment, the world would be a terrible environment in which to raise our children. I can't keep my eyes open. Yes, you'll get off to the land of Lincoln Blanket and not as you subject yourself to the most uncarrasematic public figure in the history of American politics. I have made an illegal phone call or two in my office. But at least I didn't have the listed sex from there. It's true. Nothing puts me in the mood to be unconscious. Boy, the device is here. Oh, then it's office. My wife. Don't stop me through another sleep. Listen, I get the best of outdoors today. And tonight you'll be sleeping like this. You ordered the best of outdoor. I'm sitting in Kazakhstan just all 800. It's 102 and 560 WQAM. Here's a fact from Tom and Volko who says, My sister's a teacher a six years today. She's flying the South Korea for two years because she can't afford to pay back her student loans with the money she or in teaching here. How sad when the education system in this country expects dedicated teachers to live next to poverty level says Tom, right on Tom, pay him nothing, abuse them. Don't ever take their side. Always assume it's a worst of autumn and then have witch hunts to make sure we can find out some dirt on them so we can go screw up their lives. By the way, the good news is about those two cops that they didn't get canned. The bad news is that they were allowed to walk away so they could still get their pension. They were allowed to be signed. But they still really get their pension. How do you like that? It's only $50. Nice. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You know, you sit here. I kind of like stare at my naval kind of played three more years with this. Three more years have been here in this repressive and this fascist in this anti-human kind of environment that's getting worse by the minute and the people out there just keep going. Like that. Nothing phases you. Nothing bothers them. Nobody cares about anything. Oh yeah, let's build a little ballpark. I mean things that are just so on the face of them absurd and maniacal absurdity. And people talk and your newspapers. Oh yeah, well, it's not a question of if it's just where we're going to put it. You know, and who's going to come up with the money for is now? Easy for them to say what all are God damn millions and billions and dollars. Really easy for them to say crazy people. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I'm at the school of teachers. I got three kids and today the truth I wouldn't want my kids anywhere near those guys those teachers. I mean, I got a 12 or 14 and a 16 and you know, who's to say what's going on, you know? I mean, what does that mean? What do you mean? You wouldn't mind a minute when you're those what what teachers? Your kids teachers? Yeah. Why? Are they all scumbags? Well, I mean, they're in these sex clubs. I mean, come on. Come on. Why? You. Well, you never know what they're doing. Well, what does that mean? What can they bring in after school with them? They could be what? They could be bringing that stuff to school. They're bringing what stuff always bring anything in the bag. You think they're going to school with a book of bags of the bags they could have lotion in there or kind of stuff. If put the lotion in the basket, is that what you're saying? If put the lotion in the bag. You know, when I think, sir, I think you've got lotion in your vacuum. You're a mental case. That was the best call I think I've ever had. 567. 0560. 550. 560 on the AT. What was he trying to say? Eeeeh. Well, that's what I thought he said. Here's a pompaddle. Hello. How you doing Neil? Okay, sir. I just recently graduated from FAU with an elementary grade degree and I just got hired yesterday and I'm kind of scared because I actually have I have a brain in an opinion and I listen to you. So what's next? It's a media. You're going to hunt me down because I listen to Neil Rogers? Probably. That last call. Well, he was he special or what? He was a special case. Unfortunately, that's what I'm going to have to deal with as a teacher. His parents like that. However, Neil, I'm glad that somebody has an opinion on your teachers and they're actually backing him. But what they do off-school grounds is their own business. I mean, come on. That the thing's media is going to little too far with this. A little too far? Not a little bit. However, love your show and I'd like a shameless request. Can I call somebody to do Spag? Yes, sir. Tommy and Jack to do Spag. Okay, good luck, pal. You'll need it. Oh, boy. Like I said, we'll need it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Get put to the North, shouldn't in the basket. And Pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. That's right. They're bringing their lotion to school. How do you like that? Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. One of your kids might come home from school one day and find some mysterious lotion and his spectrum. I don't even know how to hell it got there. I do like that, huh? Man. Used to be learning the ABC's in school now. They're just learning the old K-wise, I guess. Here's Fort Myers, hello. A meal. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm doing green. Great. What a lot of topic. Hey, I got an interesting story for you. I used to work at 10 rods on Miami Beach. Oh, yeah. Well, that's back when I just built the club. And by the way, Jack 10, right, I think if you got it on the WoB's restaurant chain that you said when you went wrong. Right. And yeah, there was Span too fast and went out of business, which is a shame because it was great. Yeah, but in that light, they used to throw a lot of functions at that little night, that little stand of 10th street right there on the beach. Right. For the police department for the Miami Beach Police Department. And I kind of got to know a couple of those guys. And they had a guy that was like a psychologist for them that would interview these prospective Miami Beach police cops. And he told me that like a large portion of them that he would sign off that these guys were eventually going to be mother-raper and father-stabbers. But that they would still hire them anyway because they just needed to fill that board. You know what I mean? And so I think that is that commentary on the kind of mentality that the, I mean, I got nothing against police. Wait, okay, I'm not going to stop. So if we can find a time, yeah. I'm glad they're out there because you know, but I mean, it is like we need to draw the line somewhere, right? Yeah, but let me ask you this when you say we know they're out there. But it used to be years ago, you'd see a cop in you. There'd be like a good feeling. You felt like safe. Like when you're in Europe and Rome or somewhere, and you see a cop with an oozy standing on a corner. And there's a feeling of comfort that comes over here because you know that he's there to protect you and you know, go after scumbags. But sure what you see a cop and maybe it's only me. And it's usually you know, out there in a highway somewhere. And everybody slams on a brakes and they slow down about five miles below the speed limits. Everybody's paranoid and all crap, you know, I sure won't be turns off the road and gets out of my life for real quick here. That's generally the kind of feeling people have what he's he cops now. Sure, it's fast as you can. You run the healthy other way. But you go in a hostile and they and they shoot. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, hey, great talking to you. Okay, slow down, pal. Yeah, chill. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T, why don't we just have this story and the news yesterday about those cops done in candle. Would that the illegal crap that we're doing in that house? And then we had the drug cops last week with that enormous amount of, I can't even keep track of them. There's so many of these goddamn stories. So who now has got time for that, you know, a little didly prostitution ring done there. We don't have time for that. That's all potatoes. I guess. Now let's go ahead and like the guy said before, there were a couple of cops involved in this rate on the swing clubs. We don't find out who they are. Not that it's important you understand. But it just seems to me there's a double standard here. Maybe I'm crazy. You know, all crazy, all the crazy Neil. Eight minutes after one at five, sixty, WQM, Ken Jenney is the anti-Christ. Don't ever forget it boys and girls. All you kids out there. You see Ken Jenney coming run in the other direction. If you have a chance to vote when you grow up, whatever he's run it for, just vote against whoever he's run in. If he's running in a tiny Rick Kimler, just remember, Heinrich never stole a free train, just say goodbye to Ken Jenney and Bobby Butterworth and all the other fascists of their ilk. Crazy people. Pandering to the anti-human element out there. And of course knowing that the rest of the public was just, you know, sitting back in the, like I said, La La Land. Play a reason to a Romeo and Juliet on tonight. I'll be looking forward. Let's just say, you two, one, fourteen at five, sixty WQM. We got bills in for a coming up into a clock for the, well, he's not really on vacation. Thanks out there in San Diego. Now, you're ready for the ball game this week for ESPN. You know, Hank that works here kind of like part time during football season. Bill's in for Zander and then of course it's seven o'clock. I want to give you advance warning on this. Let's see, Zimper's on from what do we got Josh Deros on from six to seven to fill the breach because you know who's going to be on TV, boring the audience to about five thirty. So a seven o'clock till 10 before tomorrow in Dodger game we got cheers tonight. We're pretty embarrassed about it too. We are real embarrassed. In fact, I'll bet you we could probably get a, somebody better than that. Somebody qualified to be on the air. If somebody in this building make a little more effort, get off your stuff. Yeah. And find somebody who belongs on the air instead of like, you know, get off your stuff. Some, uh, man, with no personality and a mouth of size of a mouth rush more. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the AT&T Wartleston. What I said at Joe is gritting from here to here, they really mean it. Where we going? Here's a somewhere. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, whenever I see the geek, those succache on TV, I get, okay, great. Thank you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, so on the other. Yes, sir. I hate to attract the education nonsense, but I'm one of those education nonsense. Well, you know, I'm one of those terrible teachers. I'm one of those terrible uh... On the balance. No. I'm one of those terrible people who teach the students of some of the same people who either avoid your program because they think you're too racy. Oh yeah, God forbid. I've said it's all, all, all, all our high school and all all the kids out there would be have a nervous breakdown. They'd probably all become hardened criminals if they listen to the show. Yeah, but you know something, these kids have told me some stories of some of the things that happened in the schools and I'm not kidding and this is not high-parabely. Yeah. If the still get the parents new, what the hell their kids were doing in the bathrooms, in the quiet areas of the school, then they would be a revolution against the administrators who run around for meeting to meeting. No, no, there wouldn't because the parents don't care. That's painfully obvious. Well, don't care. Unfortunately, we have parents in our advisory board and all they do is sit there like Ben Froell was Nommies, sort of like the superintendent of schools does. And, you know, just sit there and say yes or yes, it's rebags full. Nothing ever changes. And, you know, I just wanted to say that, you know, as a teacher was trying to do the good job, was trying to fight that good fight. I really appreciate your work, your radio show and the Oxford English dictionary is looking for new words. There is a new one. Neil Rogers, God. Okay. Thanks. Thank you, Nermel. Okay. 1,400 open lines here. We got 40, 4 minutes to kill the who's counting. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Now we can continue this conversation. We can just put the vaccine boys on from MTV. You see that limo right there? Yeah. You're about to get in that limo. Yeah. Would Nick probably that'd be her luck. But that pineapple head 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Opalaka, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm not saying with those with it, with those teachers was correct in that. But something I want to ask you about, I'm trying to mind here. Wouldn't you build a concern that you were, uh, had a pilot that was getting ready to, to buy you some more in Belgium told me plastered in a bar about 48 hours earlier? Yeah, of course, nobody would be like a fan. Yeah. And so, wouldn't that bring up a little bit concerned about what they had done with those and structures? This was what they do in their class. Some others you comparing being drunk and flying a plane with having sex. Now, let me ask you something. Suppose the sex acts that they were doing in a private club. Suppose they did them at home. Would it affect the way they behaved in class? And they did differently? They wouldn't be breaking in their home because they didn't break in their house. You didn't listen to my question. You're suggesting that somehow because of whatever they were doing in a private club was going to affect their behavior in the school. And like I said, if they did the same act at home, why wouldn't that also affect you? And so in other words, you're saying that teachers could be unix, is that what you're saying? No, but I'm just saying that if you're concerned about someone going into a club. How did, and how does that affect how, how you do your job the next day? How about a fear-lying pilot that you're talking about was drinking? How about if he was in a private club that I'd be for? Do you think that's going to affect the way he flies the plane? If you go back to the question, you just finished that? Or you don't want to ask him. How would that answer that question? Would that answer the question yourself? Do you want to be self-explanatory? How would that affect that pilot because you'd call it in your plane the following day? Is he still under that little bit of anesthesia because of the drink that you're out of? Well, maybe your ears are plugged. We already answered that one. Nobody would get on the plane on the right mind. We're not talking about people who were intoxicated. We're doing a little rush-exited. And we're also not talking about people whose jobs are affected by their sex lives. Can you tell me anybody who's job is affected by their sex life? Can you try to tell me that you're even answering one question or not? I'm trying to. Well, what's the answer? The question is how could anybody be as rude and stupid as you with the same time? That's a question. Got an answer? No. Thank you. Here's your guys having a conversation with himself. More on idiot, simple to me. Yeah, like a pilot who gets dropped, there you go. Got a lot to do with a teacher that goes up and has sex in a swing club or wherever the hell they're having it. God forbid. Crazy person, man. You're crazy. You'll rationalize anything to try to try to make up for the fact that you're sexually repressed and that you've been brainwashed. Sex is evil. Sex is bad. Blow jobs in a white house. That's okay. Five six seven, all those orgies there when JFK was in every time Jackie got a ton. That was okay. They kept it quiet. Five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and cruel spring. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. And if you hear on the first team this morning, I don't hear the first team. No, I did not. Five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and four-later day. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. Yes, and we'll be sure. Anyway, I'll bring it up to the cops and planetets, false evidence in the apartment house that day. The scary thing that makes me, uh, that's the one. The cops that planted the false evidence. That was the latest one. Getting them all. There's so many of them in the last week. I'm getting them all confused, right? Right, but what scares me is all the other people that were arrested by them. Previous that they did it at one time. They probably did it before. Yeah. Just to make them look good. Could be. Think about that. It cast a big gigantic shadow. Doesn't it? Yeah. Yeah. It could be going on. And it's in people in jail or your pain. No. Beating tickets and finds and everything else. Yeah. Oh, uh, the scary thought when it's just nothing works in a crooked cop. Right, amen. Okay. Okay, sure. Thank God we don't have no crooked cops down here. Uh, cops that are running a prostitution rate. Five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. What's going on there? Yes, sir. I get off work about five thirty. So I can be at the station at seven to do the show. It's a gaggy. Oh, right. Put it on over there. Right. Come right on over. You could have you got to be better. Oh, it's got to be. I mean, at least I have a personality and I know I mean a little bit about sports. Oh, that should call for I need for, you know, second behind the hang on the station. Call up, bluster man. You don't have your stuff. Right. I mean, how do you, oh my God. The gaggy. I mean, okay. See you at the quarter seven. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in the Grove. Hello. Yeah, I mean, I have a gun. Okay. Hey, um, don't we know how these particular council members go into them when it comes time for them to be reelected? We can get them to hell out of here. Why do you know, I keep reading the article. I know Stephanie Cranfield said to her to hold thing out. Well, she seems to be the one with a half a brain. And Diana Wasserman, she was the real chicken. But for some strange reason, it doesn't have the entire list of how people voted, at least not in the article. I'm reading here today. Oh, you don't know Diana Wasserman. She was the real chicken when it would pop yesterday. I think these teachers are not going back into classroom to listing as we solve for those people who think this is a reversal. It is not Diana Wasserman. I just, she was the real bitch. They should be all accountable for their opinion. So that we know what kind of people, you know, what kind of mentality you're up there running our school board. Right. I mean, we just need to know where the people are coming from. Yeah, we're in the worst. Where is the list of who voted. That's right. I would love to see it. I would love to see it and put that up so that they can defend their way. I've got the answers. They'll fax it to me before the show is over. Okay. All right. I'm looking for my passport. Okay. I'll see you. I'll be right there. Right in front of you in line. Renewing mine just for the next 20 or 30 years after my, oh, the one I got runs out. Hey, special load all my friends there in a passport office in Miami. I love you guys. No lose my address. Five, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60. I mean, what kind of person in the right mind would want to be a school teacher in this country? Now we got shootings in schools. We got how many kids came with weapons? This school. Not just how many kids came in with weapons, but how many were spelled? Those are the statistics they give us. And oh, gee, it wasn't as many as last year. Isn't that great, you know, only 4,000. Coming in with knives and guns and shotguns and pipe bombs and you name it. And then listen to some of these people. Oh, yeah, I wouldn't mind my kids. You're any old scumbags because God, oh, he knows what they were doing in there. Yeah, they were having sex acts. Oh, God. They might have actually even been touching some of these. Or maybe even their own. Oh, boy. What kind of person does that? Here's a mobile and hell and nail. Hello. Hello, you know, yes sir. I just want to comment on the guy you call in said a kind of compare. I'm flying to airplane Trump. Well, uh, I'm preparing that to set. Yeah, that's simple. Then yes. The douche bag. Doesn't send anybody go home for lunch and have a quickie anymore. It was a chance I could come on the way to work or anything. Oh, no, I sure hope that airline pilot isn't doing that because if he's doing that, we don't want to get on that flight. And that was a ridiculous comedy. You know, let's hear it. You have a 30 7000 feet in God knows that you've been dildered around. You'll probably strike you down. This is where you're getting back. You know, I'll pissed off he gets. And he has sex nowadays and he can't drive a car. He's going to get a DUI or something. Make two talks. David is now. You're starting to get the drift of it. Okay. I know. Put it away. Five six seven. I mean, sex is the way we have these sexual paranoid Americans. That's what we have now. Everybody wants it, but they have to, you know, for for consumers, uh, sake for the same for the consumption of every other public. They have to talk a good game. Oh, it's evil. And it's disgusting. And it's sinful. And the Bible says this and everybody who's doing this and they're, yeah, missionary position face to face with your spouse only. How many of you people would be in jail right now? What's the sex police start knocking on your door? Puring through your windows? And, of course, the best part of it is it'll be on channel 7 News. So once you see the channel 7 truck drive up there, if I were you, I wouldn't be walking around anywhere in the neighborhood because there got some people over there don't drive too good. Especially later on in the evening after they've had a couple of you know what I mean? So you better watch it. They might not only run your reputation now, they just might run you down. Not to mention no names Rick. Here's a mobile in North Miami, be it, tell them. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm confused about exactly what law or statute those teachers broke. Obviously the proprietor of that swing club was not arrested. The club was not shut down. There's no law against having places like Plato's. Not only that, they have a license to do business. They're not operating illegally. They have a license to go business. They do wrong. Move in with serious. The hate here, but that's going to be out in the open open, isn't it? You tell me. I don't even, this is ridiculous. And you know, everybody's been complaining. Why doesn't, you know, obviously that law has to be changed. It's just ridiculous. And you think that that law's going to be changed with the person governor and legislature that we have now, it is good Bible something right when good he chooses that. Is it a four-glater down law for the state of state? Well, Louisville, Asimius, and Sodom, you know, all of that those are Florida statues. State laws. I don't know how. In addition to which we in Broward County, we've got even worse laws than just the general Sodomy law. We've got the turbidity law and all the other things that was told you about before. In Pompano, you can't, they have that turbidity thing. If you're going to the Dalvestat estimates, you can't have your penis has to be in a limps state where you've got big problems, maybe. That's right. And to keep it in a limps state like Florida. By the way, I've been here three years and it's really disappointing. Thank you anyway. Good luck, your pal. And please put it away now before it's too late. Why do you think this is the state of shape like a big penis, huh? Get your all worked up into a frenzy and as soon as you touch it, oh, you're going to jail. Oh, right. The prior we butter is man. It makes quite a lunch and yet. So when it's time for lunch, I want to thank you. I'm going to have me here then. If one of these people, so we've bought some food, but it didn't have a kid so we've got a kid who's in the 50th year. Who's in the 50th year? Who's in the 50th year? Who's in the 50th year? I don't know how you got an old driver to stop. We'll pick up the 50th year, but look at the 10th of the 90th year man. We're going to have two people who didn't drive to us. It makes you feel like you're in the 50th year. And there will be those who are making the 50th year. But you have a really clean room to spend on. Pretty timely to this. This will be our topic tomorrow. Jews who eat spin. 133 at 5.60 WQM hold a mail by the way. Well, it's big and I'm like mail. I'll save that. I mean, what a stupid article this morning about Povellbury and the Pants is you don't know what you're talking about sweetheart. You would know Trevor Kid from Trevor Henry. 567.0560. Pant 560 on a 18-T wireless line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hey, you. Yes, man. How you doing? Okay. I've been down for a while. About all the stuff between the guy, the kid who can't wear a star David and what's happening to the teachers. It's also going to be the same thing that it's just expressing individuals in the just playing wrong. So how to win though, that's right. Individual freedoms are a history. Well, it's a me as you're saying about the school uniform, the date, and all this stuff. I'm keeping thinking whenever they try to do this thing like Nazis and Fishist and coming, every one of these things that fall and they fall, they all because and it's not just because of outside force. It's always because people on the inside part against it because they didn't like it because they really hated it. And the undaminated it whenever they could. Why did they keep going? It's like a neurotic repetition. They're always going to keep trying this like someday it's going to work. I think it's going to change something. If you dress everybody else, I'll, everybody up the same and you make him go step a little bit. All of a sudden, it'll change the way they behave and they can real bright little beating kids. It's like the school security. They got, okay, they're going to put metal detectors in it. Well, if I remember that the educated kids, your, in 10-year-old, they were off, they were at the wood's office school ground shooting at the kids. So they were protected when the work there and in column by they just have this thing where all the kids are going to have ID badges. Well, that would have meant that here at St. Creeper would have had them too. So what could does that do? I mean, what difference does that make? Now, but everybody's going to have a bad. So we know who you are. Yeah, very good. And it's just great great solutions, all simplistic band-aid solutions. And then people talk about getting these people out of off, like the school board out of office. The other day I'm watching about, you know, the 12-year-old care, who's supposed to respond to the kid who's, who's, who's, is what it was babysitting? Yeah. Who is in a 12-year-old? Yeah. The six-year-old girl that's dead, you mean you? Yeah. And turned that with more than just her neck. Right. A lot of other injuries? Mm-hmm. Yes, you know, the judge was who has him in, in half the rest. Not the Susan Leibault. Yeah. Let him go Leibault? Let him go Leibault. Oh, no. What's he probably about the early injuries in the slides? I'm taking a cigarette, hey, let's get him started towards you. Then he'll make a great line back. Oh, God. Thanks for the bad news. Uh, to say it. Maybe let him go Leibault likes to be so. But anyway, five, six, seven, 0, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. How could she still be a judge by the way? How could that bitch? Still be a judge in Broward County. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to call. I think it should be a law where teachers have to go to swing clubs, just to release stress when teaching all these pools of school. Oh, there you go. That's why I had to say Neil. Okay. Thanks. Five, six, seven, 0, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Excellent call. I especially like the little. It's the under there. Kind of an interesting touch. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. True story, 1942. My mother was a high school teacher in Palm Beach County. And it was tormented into the year and she was pregnant and the administrator walked by. I noticed that she was teaching high school and pregnant. And it thought maybe it would be a good idea of she resigned because it would not be a good influence on the children. No, not sure. It was not a good married for four or five years. Right. So they'd been a straighter. So that big company, they might start asking a lot of questions. And my mother was as conservative as anybody. And she's with her. Are you serious? Yeah. She's already think of these high school kids. What is this? This is high school? High school, 1942 in Palm Beach County. Is that amazing or what? Yes. I wish they would get a little more concerned about some of the other activities that's opposed to also whether the cruise ships open up their gambling casinos, you know, a tenth of a mile from that's right. That's how that's shown before they get outside the territorial waters. You're right. Really if they're stuck in these things real real close. That's what we're paying our tax money for. No, no, no, no, no. No, no. No, no. We're here in our tax money. There it's like, my Washington down the toilet. We just keep paying and paying and paying and smiling and just we're oblivious. Well, we hire Larry Smith as a barred county lobbyist that convicted felon when he was a congressman. Right. And then repinds you. Targeting is a lobbyist also. All right. I mean, you know, that's just like, oh, that's okay. It's convicted felon. But we want, don't want those cruise ships like gambling at 2.9 miles out. That's a good luck to you. Thank you. I'd love to. Thank you. How about if we get John Lamello back? What do you say? How could everybody roll Martin? See, unlike these idiots out there, I keep getting these chronic factors, which I don't read by the way. I throw them in a waste basket as soon as I see the handwriting signal waste the paper or you can just wipe your rectum with them by the way. The same idiots does make any different Democrats, Republicans here in South Florida politics. They're all the same. Jews, Graham, Hispanics, Anglo-Spartis. Well, we got enough criminals in every group to go around. Doesn't make you, you pick one. They had the thing on this morning. These surveillance tape dated with Howard Geary. Who is the, uh, not Miller Dawkins, yet another spartur recognition that was going to travel to Jamie Burke. Was that the one that Jamie was hurt? Yeah. Yeah. Who's with the B? Oh, yeah. 100 grand sounds good to me. And you can slide it over there. I'll tip you get up and cash into Cayman Islands and Baba by the Internet. Yeah. We got more guy named Crooks down here. The biggest Crooks in it. And you know, something and they keep putting every time if they get to run again, put them back in again. That's right. Wild crazy people. Xavier Swaris. You know, man, that's running around knocking on people's doors. Eee! Yeah. I want to talk to you about politics. Eee! Oh my god. I wouldn't be surprised. Brood Hernandez is going to be running the whole county in a couple of months. Once they let him out, well, they want to keep him in there for a while so that he could be a little pissed off at his wife, you know. And that lawyer guy. Yeah. They still do it. I wouldn't be surprised. Now see they belong in jail. And not great. He's sitting in the slamer. He's probably getting his back home. Yeah. And she's getting hers. And the lawyer, too. See, it's one thing to get screwed by your lawyer. But when your wife gets screwed by your lawyer, then you really know you got a big time. Oh, she'll never said that. Because you know about lawyers, George. Especially ones that call here that want to be talk to a host and don't want to do their lawyer work. 21 before it's too morning. You were just this morning. I was telling you about him not to really do it much. But he does that out long, emotional letters. I'm glad he's feeling great. Great. We're all pulling for him. But you know, do some lawyer work. Okay, Norm. And stop by. And by the way, Joseph Gacky's better on the other than you are. So what does that tell you? I mean, that's a shot and deservedly so. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. You know, we have heard some two throw it up in the pool. I took a closer look at his father. They say the future means Brad so many. Now I can't get no job. All right. I don't got no business. I've talking like a no big rose. If I'm the top man, how does this way? Now I can't be nothing. But I heard that say is that okay, change my name to Hey Coutud, Brian said it's you screw. Try to do Senaco to end the course and live. Like you said to be over three dollars? God, think about the more the harder, the longer this is. The быстро you've seen and gotta look at I know you saw my name because I sold them over a thousand times earlier. got to go in cell mode back okay back okay back okay notice what a ball is song it's a song that's not gonna do with the rest see now I got to make more money they were fool sound good to me I got plenty of nothing you better get me anywhere maybe I'll look in the old white bitch steal a purse and full of hair then I gonna take some money I'm a stereo and a fridge at there I remember when I was stealing all the white pants closed hanging outside the building there all the brands of blues that saw the teeth white devil's got no japo these pants so the body could get my mouth changed down all of us got to go in cell mode back okay back okay back okay back okay back okay back okay back okay back okay you know so much we thought I had on my comments about the convenience store over here in blackhead receiving these a few minutes before the crap and you couldn't understand what they were talking about even for bull bonics they weren't doing too good then they'll come at about that and you want to know why because most white people are very happy to have it that way they love having it that way okay okay okay okay okay okay okay now the best part of that is that I happen to be a big probably the number one back to the voice fan in the whole town number two I love the Carter and number three I'm talking about pineapple head because if you're watching your dv used to be bitch on the mpv thing for the video that the shooting he's got his hair up and it looks like a pineapple head and that's why I said that but because you're so obnoxious and disgusting you see what I'm saying about the moving down here even a young one she was crying she was crying she was a circle she called and I thought that was a miracle is there anybody on the right is town who's a bigger fan of the backstage boys than I am and Nick Carter who even knows who they are by the way no you owe me an apology sweetheart okay little bitch that's that's that's that's what is with the women in this town young ones old ones in between one ninety percent of them belong behind a red rubber room somewhere he's great okay Jesus got all mighty I got somebody in hysterics here we're talking about it in important stuff and I got somebody in hysterics because I made a joke about Nick Carter looking like pineapple head being on an mpv thing which by the way if I'm so anti Nick Carter in the backstage boys how come I was watching it sweetheart you crazy bitch God by the way Nick and I have this finger on that's what you said I got a better chance with a physito that's what you said oh the night you're heart me you say you're heart me I think that's really hard and Nick some you're mine I mean this is just it's unbelievable this town so many angry people hysterical people about crap you're singing your preaching the choir sweetheart oh my god now I got to take flag because first of all I won't send that cherry bitch in boca and he backstage boys tickets which I don't have any I'm working to see if we're going to get my own tickets thank you and I'll get to take crap which do we ever hear how many young women do we ever hear from on this show maybe three a year and she calls up and right off the back she starts out and he says I need to go more time is a little I don't know if it's a little or not so we'd out in order to I care this was the highlight of my day you know this this kind of broke up demonotney of the rest of the day you know pleading and prodding and trying to get force people to talk about something the oughta be up at arms about is getting attacked through my anti-nick Carter and back street boys views well you know something I better change my routine you know oh yeah you're even here you're even a jib how about Brian you are my my stop it we don't want to get that part where next starts and she'll start breaking out in hives good thing I wasn't talking about him yeah oh yeah wait till George comes out on an application he'll have to have a few words about the back street boys because George has got crappy taste probably don't even like 98 degrees all the way does like the video because he likes the video yeah he likes the hot chicken with a big hooters videos great when you're playing other music the video is great oh yeah there you go see relentless little spick and I don't know why it has to take the crap lady I'm going to tell you something sweet art you only a handwritten apology