Sports Radio 560 W 2 AM Miami Fort Lutterdale presents the Neo Rodgers show to talk to Neo called 567-056. What's the old name for the Neo 405? 660 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neo his guests call his or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of Neo TV. The Neo 4056 W 2 AM B's Lee Reed acquisitions or the B's Lee broadcast booth. Now, Neo Rodgers on Sports Radio 567-08. How is this solution in the past? Have you ever turned on the radio and said that song makes me... Well, now. KO Pactake Records presents songs that make you wanna grow up. The dots are going up, Chuck O'Newell. I gotta let change the feeling you're gonna... I'm sorry, but I'm not gonna do this. I'm sorry that making one a throw up. You get stang. You fire the moon, the moon, the moon, the moon. I can sleep faster on. And who could forget that classic? Knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, oro knew, knew joined, nnew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, knew, be okay there you go he's pulled out okay I write to give my shot little shot in the head and he's okay because I threaten to my said hey if you don't come out of this and stop uh all over the house you're going back there and you're gonna stay in the cage he said okay any cut it out so everything's okay another lot of people taking notes out there 10 out 2 at 5.50 WQM happy Thursday to you well take a look at the hero this morning and they should tell you everything you should need to know about Mickey Erison and Tony Ritter and the Nightwitter people and the Insistuous Relationship what have we been on your back when they were doing that thing and pulling wool over the public signs about the arena the american airlines didn't burn down arena and the eritor people Tony Ritter was in their fight in with Mickey Erison and not fighting with him but i mean in bed with him to put that thing over on a public that they've waited back where to make sure it would get through because they want one hero plaza to be worth about twenty billion dollars and they really believe in their wisdom that downtown Miami is really gonna make a big comeback thanks to that american airlines arena so here we are the front and did you see this look at this the front page of the hero here the impeachment of the president the trial on the set of begins today is that the important story in the hero the whole top half even more than half a page is NBA finds way to play that's the hero's important story of the day how do you like that see the hero for years they promote anything that they're interested in that they have invested interested they like they're not too crazy about hockey so the coverage in their very minimal non-existent like harness racing pop at o park i remember Alan fickles and years ago telling me all you know i'm a real promotion guy i'm gonna get there all to come around did he ever uh to it till the day he went to his grave did they ever come around no they'd give nothing there if they're not interested in it they will give you absolutely nothing that's the mommy he'll for you so in their mind the big story and let me sit in because i got a great facts about this NBA business which i will read by the way a wonderful facts fun get like two facts is like this every day we could do twenty hours but then we get those sports nerds upset so when i get to the facts and minute about this whole NBA thing i stand by what i said virtually nobody cares that the NBA they were showing people on the fan in the york they were showing clips in the talk shows on the network news last night of people calling in and all the people that i heard and of course it was selected i'm sure but all the people i heard were saying hey we were sitting in the orders but are we gonna go we're not gonna go we're a sick and tired of it we can't take anymore i mean the idea of seeing Patrick you know the national bad boom association i'm sorry seeing Patrick uwing on their talking about well you know we did lose a lot of money oh oh oh oh yeah don't you feel for these guys that they actually lost a money because they didn't be playing some of those games that are making eighteen and twenty million dollars a year they're walking around with their ref for a fifty million dollar earrings hanging from each year and how come they got one and they're right here by the way what's that all of uh we're supposed to be a society for this crack but anyway there it is on a front page the hell people will tell you this is the most important thing in the whole of god damn world also braward teens accused of raping half sister eight and of course so this is like the Ronnie's a more thing all over again this is because they saw an episode of jury springer and these two kids aged fifteen and thirteen the two brothers decided well we'll write the crap out of our eight year old sister over and over again because it looked good on jury springer in says this best does anybody believe that no we'll talk about that w q a m reaches a deal with u of m tentative deal three year deal u m football basketball baseball anybody interested are we gonna make any money on that no is there gonna be a lot of work and a lot of effort and a lot of time and uh yeah see this is Greg Reed's concert pretty civil carry the metaphors we're gonna be carrying a god damn arena football or we know indoor soccer you name it if there's tilly winks chairman's out there if it's a sport it'll be here on two way and twenty five hours a day just on and on and on see i would be learned they're lesson with u m they learned it a long time ago which is why they won eventually won up on i and c there's no money to be made on u m sports there's minimal interest in fact here they played St. John's in basketball last night ranked number ten of the country and beat him by the way and i saw about thirty seconds of that was there anybody there four thousand people in the mime arena the c you won play one of the top ranked teams in the country and beat him the list and there's still was no interest so he can put all of the n and as far as ratings i mean if nobody shows up in the venue with self what does that tell you about how many people potentially might be listening i mean i brought cash you in baseball for six years on w just news many many years ago and it was a lot of fun doing it but was there anybody really listening no there's nobody there ever show up in a rating no did you have football even ever show up in a ratings back in her heyday when he were packing your own ball no never made a blip on the Richter scale on the microdoor scale never made a blip by the way the panthers tied last night two two i get up this morning it was the one nothing and my table is running i get up this morning and i i fast forward and i thought it was the end of the game and it was two nothing Colorado and i thought damn it did got shot out and i'm driving a work on a hear guilty say because yes i did hear guilty how do you like that i heard him say was a two two tie which it was panthers scored right at the end there may be tied up with the extra tack around at the end of the game nice going air boys really times but better than a loss and speaking of guilty and i do i am going to give you my piece today i'm saying my final piece about Rick and so it's okay and i do mean final piece not stals your has a funny way of affecting your brain you know it a lot of people we like to live in the past we like to reminisce and we like to remember the girl days when things were well however they were and usually when we remember them they seem to have a lot better than they really were you know i'm talking about you sure you do by the way there's how many cuts on here what's up oh it rubs the lowest non-nits skin it does this whenever it's told yeah rubs the lotion on it's skin or else it gets the hose again oh yeah that a rye that's my favorite that is my all-time favorite it rubs it out of the lotion not a skin or gets the hose again get hose again of course we're used to getting hose over here but that's already a for you okay so i'll get to my important facts also i got another book which you must i know you don't want to hear too much about this not gonna understand it's very boring the super antioxidants by Dr. James F. Bouch B.A. L.C. H. and just two weeks this is made an amazing difference in my life the likes of which you can't even begin to believe in 99 and 910% of you'll say yeah sure fact so we believe you and that's fine i don't care i do not care if you believe me or not but there'll be like maybe a half dozen people out there say she is not pretty interesting when i tell you about the stuff in this book we'll talk you through later very briefly don't get panicky he's back on that health and nutrition kick again god damn it we can't stand it we'd rather hear about the stock market which is taking a big oh two lathe for that they're showing it at 10 yeah i'm gonna i'm gonna give you a whole rundown on that so i've got about the 5,000 things to do today and that'll good that's getting clean this facts i love this facts thank you very much Jerry great facts for the cuts for Saturday November 29th in 1997 can nine coming this ball it's the NBA on NBC we'll see guys who make more money in ten minutes then you'll make it on lifetime it's morning versus mottombo more to see if they have the thing is i make $50,000 every time i take it that's maybe two alanzo but i make over a million dollars for every people on your big black uh really tall black guys who make a slow-down mutton the NBA on NBC all right they're happy to say hello baby are they happy oh yeah 12 on the chapter 10 560 WDQM hangover good too with the Jimmy Johnson Show with 5 then we got the uh they old redhead i thought he was the orangehead but her depot say he's the redhead booch hobby ever seeing him in redbobber together by now and then uh 10 o'clock we got a capital no games tonight oh right we'll change that soon so at any break it back to this reconcended thing you know uh i had that soft spot in my heart even the most people think that i'm a hard-hearted son of a bitch which i'm not really and these guys we heard that story which is a true story by the way about how bulger called him into blow them out and tell them they weren't gonna be renewed and then Rick you know salvaged their job and we sold his way back into the morning show and how much reduced his salary whatever it was okay fine i'm all for the town i'm all for those guys but but what is today third day so that means i give them four days and i get in the car this morning to come to work i turn on our radio what is the first thing see such i love such this funny and his own way as he is a wamp you're right about that he is a one piece under Rick's tongue and is making a very embarrassing minimal amount of money which if you knew you'd be it be astonished but nevertheless he's he's an underlings some people play that role in life they're just always the underlings but he's a good guy and he's uh i'm using his own way very often but Rick is a hard ass you can't tell him anything he will not listen in fact i'm all you tell him one thing he's like a stubborn like my little dog the more you tell him one thing the more he'll run in the opposite direction so i get in the car this morning i turn it on and what's he talking about oh well the market you know of course the market is taking another drop today after yesterday's big day it'll all go away you know whatever game yesterday it'll look because it's again but he's going on about uh well it's a good time that maybe gets panicky and but i be and i'm thinking are we gonna go through this again today again we're doing this Rick Rally sharing his expertise with a stock market you know on the one hand beer is good for you you know beer guy like chinese you know that's the right the schmolz that's what they do that kind of trailer park of mentality that's their whole stick head you know but on the other hand it's uh this obsession with a stock market i'm gonna tell you my button went so fast actually back over here for a few minutes and then i said well i don't want to get carried away because i'm just not going to be sports nerds i can't deal with that but i will never listen to the Rick and touch you again i did get in a lot of promotion lot of publicity a lot of the people who listen to them from the old i od days listen to the show and so don't blame me for not turning people on the fact of where they are and when they're on i did nice service for them absolutely free but am i gonna be listening no because i just i can't deal with it i cannot deal with it of listening to Rick Rally talk about the stock market anymore than when he's to got on that jag about the computers remember when he first started with that crap at least a couple people can relate to that but it but it's boring i mean everybody's got a computer and most of us use it some people use it a lot some people for whatever but but talk what is there to talk about all the way we'll say this i mean everybody's got a toilet bowl but not everybody's got a brand new seat in fact Guinness Booker records on the i just listed this the beginning of the new year the erodier strikes again only talk show host in the history of radio to be brought a brand new toilet seat while on the year number two the only toy on a talk show host in the history of broadcasting to a to a to a fast up to a bruised rectum on the year there you go two listings in the Guinness Booker records already and it's only January 7 so Rick and said that we should luck but you'll have to do about me which i'm sure they don't care one way the other but i will not be listening in fact you know what i discovered because i have no CDs in the car at the moment and you know what was fantastic like the last 20 minutes of my ride to work this morning the sound of silence oh god turned it in the opposition and i thought god i feel better now like when that pain stops man wow i feel fantastic so at any rate we got this specs which i'll get a new because it ties into the NBA thing a lot of stuff that's going on and i'm always accused of being a racist because of there's some people out there who can't be handling the truth okay Neil whenever you do a show you should want to be as accurate as possible well i should i want to be accurate it's a talk show dummy who the hell ever said anything is accurate how the newspaper's accurate so what else should i be accurate well you said that no one underline no one cares about the NBA you are wrong i stand by you see anybody on a photo cares about the NBA no i'm talking about the fans i mean obviously the players in the owners they care these really bastards these freaks of nature they care and they keep the nest today of course they care that's why they gave them because they don't want to miss their 15 and 18 and 20 million dollars a year that if we're playing a stupid game well i can't believe we were going back to work i can't believe it haha yeah it's great the fact is honestly what you should say what you should say is you don't care i care cbs when the others do care when we expect the ratings of the NBA to be much higher than the ratings you gave them you are racist anyone listening you talk about black people can't be happy well i sure hope they produce the NBA games the heat games on there better than they produce the new at night i'll tell you that like maybe you'll be actually to be able to see the picture and hear the audio on there that would be a start maddie maybe maddie wrote this fact you are racist anyone listening to you talk about black people can't be happy not i can't can we follow that again anyone listening to you talk about black people can't be happy there are a few black people you admit to liking look at Oprah misspelled by the way there's an h on the end dummy she is lost weight maintained it and looks a lot better than you do this Oprah look better than me no this you look better than else you the board and cow no and as far as maintaining weights she's up and down like an accordion she's up and admitted binge eater who's sitting is if you ever read those articles in the tabloid then of course she fesses that she tells them this stuff about eating bags and bags of like just going off in a corner and just gorging on enormous amounts of of crap one week she weighs 40 pounds the next week she weighs 400 pounds she's a human accordion she has lost weight maintained it looks a lot better than you do she's a financial wizard yet still you are jealous that she has high ratings people do like her not jealous i would like to have her money yes but i'm not jealous it just astonishing to me and depressing that there are people who are like follow her like sheep especially the housewives of america oh Oprah read some stupid therapy book now all of a sudden a hundred thousand stupid women go out and buy the same stupid therapy book because Oprah is reading you are saying that you don't care if no one talks about you and your charity what you do care see this is a guy who not only tells me what i should say but also tells me what i care about if you didn't care you wouldn't bring it up daily i've never heard of a stupid person being in air sign jury never heard of a stupid person like head turner for example being a multimedia in air there are a lot of multimedia like how about the glinter remember him dare to be great how about buddy but passion about all the junk yeah that there you go well they be smart don't they be smart no come on they be geniuses artists musicians never heard of a stupid per and in fact if this guy heard and this is obviously one of the sports they're that listen to this radio station if you hear some of the interviews with the jacks on this radio station i mean stupid would be it would be a compliment for some of these bozos okay but let's take the part about first of all caring about the NBA first let me just say this to you if it weren't because i'm assuming that whoever wrote this all i really don't know i'm assuming that it's a black person would you agree with that then this is probably somebody they're completely the wroteest more likely than more likely than not very good well put diplomatically put like i said it's on much larger wrote this facts well let me say this to you my uh dark complex in front if it weren't for all the white people in their business suits going to the heat games and subsidizing the mimey heat there wouldn't be any mimey heat because most black people in this town unfortunately for them don't have the finances they don't have the the disposable dollars to be able to afford the high prices of those tickets do you want to see any of the sporting events you can go to the dolphin games that i did for five years you can go to the path of games that i do every home game you can go to the heat games which i don't but i do see them on tv for a few minutes here and a few minutes there and you'll see 99 and 910% of the people at those sporting events are white people who are subsidizing those events including by the way the heat all those business guys with their cell phones those plastic guys with their white shirts in their you know their uh business suits on sitting there and while you know pretending to pay attention with the thousands of empty seats around them and then leaving like a midway in the third quarter whenever they get around it would okay because they really don't care so this was the even even when the heat has had tremendous seasons which they have had last couple years there's still a thousands of empty seats and it's not only the heat they showed they showed the like i said talk sure some of the fan in the york and calling shows all over the country on the newscast last night and maybe it's a conspiracy by the honky media maybe that's it but the majority of the people that they talk do they couldn't give a crap less they're sick and tired of it of subsidizing illiterate dumb people okay seven foot freaks to jammed a ball down to the you know a ten foot basket what talent that takes uh the national bad boom association and as far as being racist is concerned hey i'm not anymore less racist than anybody else i just admit to my true feelings okay i like nice people i also not too fond of really really dumb people i mean there's some dumb people or you know nice people that's okay you know expect anybody to be rocket scientists but i'm talking about people are so dumb that they're just that they're embarrassing they're dangerous especially because they're reproducing but i got good news for you especially with the story about the kids raping the sister in the adjury springer the good news is that they're just an ounce from washing in last night maybe they may be jury missed the story but all all professional athletes all collegiate athletes and all people who live in trailer parks are going to be sterilized in 1999 just before the end of the uh before the millennium how do you like that so maybe one won't have such a white-to-k problem anymore huh we're going to be sterilizing everybody who lives in a trailer park and all college and professional athletes which isn't the same to the athletes are more on but you know every now and then you got to make a sacrifice because the generally speaking this is probably you know being a little on a conservative side here probably airing on a side of state the user good way to go so that we don't have more on's reproducing and of course we find out that most of these athletes are not most of the great many of them are reproducing they're not married anyway who's the one guy who the hell's the one job that's got like uh is it a box here who the hell is it that's got children by about a half a dozen different women none of whom are he's married to by the way who is it remember i think he's or four man are you no not George form and he's got the lean mean grill and machines i love George form it see there's another black guy like i love George form it i'm not even by me a lean mean grill and machine i think George form is great huh he's a rocket scientist but i think he's funny is he good guy and i like the lean mean grill and machine what are you laughing about i watch that when that information comes on i sit there and watch to the whole guy damn thing i love it i think he's he's better in Ron polpiel he's more entertaining and he's got a him huh what Sean Kim no not Sean Kim come on somebody after come up with it help us out okay i'm not one of these sports nerds that got that expertise i even thought the Tennessee quarterback was a white guy to show you how much of that game i watch which is about 20 seconds i mean it was i wanted to watch in that game oh of course not anything about a vander holy field a vander holy field that's the one he's got kids by all over here and over there and she's got yeah and it's supposed to be like a blessing like a midsby that we got dumb illiterate people make an all kinds of babies but women at their not married to have no commitment to next thing you know i mean they're talking about bubble for christy next thing you know bill cos me's gonna be fathering kids out of wedlock and he's black too how do you like that so like i said this bull crap of a and this business about anybody listening you talk about black people can't be happy well what does that mean if there's anybody i don't talk about black people as a group i may talk about specific people about specific sponsors or specific white people people are people there's black people are brilliant there black people are dumb there black people are great people there black people who are scumbags just like there's white people in the same category but the fact is that we also have a class of people and there seems to be an inordinate amount of crime for example an inordinate amount of drug dealing that goes on in black neighborhood and of course giving to song an answer about poverty about this and what you know something there's lot of people live in poverty maybe they don't all go in the rob stores and kill people in the old drugs on street corners but you know so anyway anybody i'd like to find out if the people who are listening this show are unhappy it says they can't be happy i must say the whole audience has got to be unhappy then maybe that's the problem maybe this entire audience is unhappy because it says anyone listening you talk about black people can't be happy what do i be saying about black people that makes people unhappy that's what i would like to know jerry whatever your real name is maddie and as far as whammy is concerned in all that you know anybody can throw a ball game on anybody like this station with the dolphins anybody can go and pay a lot of money to get the rights and throw a ball game on and however many people are interested in it will tune in or watch your listener whatever both of the above what what what skill does that take what is that happy to do with anything as opposed to producing a show properly and putting together and promoting it so that somebody might find it interesting and watch wasn't just needle at night that was a bomb on whammy every goddamn show they put on it was a bomb on whammy so least we were consistent anyway jerry five six seven oh five sixty let's find out number one all the people who are excited about the NBA because jerry says that i'm the only one that's only me who doesn't care everybody else is fired up and pissed off and excited the NBA's coming back and they are going to play a few games and number two the people are unhappy because i'm a racist but here from them for starters five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line over gives me soldier are you from roader rotor just happy to say me ten thirty five sixty wc by the way here's a fake facts it says money doesn't care who owns it for all that's for the author of the fact you just are out of the set from that's from somebody else money doesn't care who owns it who be owning it okay and the fander holy field she got us got kids by like a hundred and 72 different women nice going airy vanders are doing it a lot obviously says looks like elegant road regas recently let go from channel ten after seven years of the five thirty anchor is high on the list of candidates to replace camberl martian is and barber chan kick on channel four news channel four general manager Steve mold and pronounced himself impressed with robberts mock news cast with robberts but stations postman leaves him and said no offer's been made to the state cuban american state i love that who wrote this this is great this is from the sunset and the uh... softloaded insider officially the national search for marshals replacement is continuing but with February sweep approaching station official mon somebody new on the set by the end of the month stayed would be a compliment okay elie dwegg is probably a nice guy but is boring as vanilla ice cream i mean really really boring sorry elie but i think i think i think i got a brain joulouse which means you probably got to john here's north mimey beach hello i do on yes sir i just place get i mean south for it i'm back visiting at the first time i've released at any time down here for about ten years on so sorry oh yeah it's the place getting worse yes it seems to be getting dullmer and it seems to be getting even more racist but i left and it was that rate before i left it wasn't racist before you left it's that i moved ash on the carolina and the president of the right right it's racist up there i'm reading the paper yesterday i didn't hear if you talked about it or not radio host replaced by anti gay rights minister the river and the off-terogaro was the last guest on the top of star sea of west is the national news yet and that's all news what what's going on with this place it can't have that as well is yeah well if that's something new homophobic human's in town is that's something new homophobic old human's from domino park yeah why not a coin might have come let me got all that up to ship today part the gay rights thing in date county so they got all psychotic about that and they ran back into closet and started hanging out with the p-room at westland and they got all been other ship they had to go check the ones to hang out at the glory holes that's what i'm talking about what i'm going to all right thanks a lot i was afraid it was getting worse you seem to be confirming okay i'm glad i could have it confirm your suspicion okay see an answer we have been open line of day one and bro come on let's go i want to see all these people out there were excited about the NBA so that what's his name gerryk and get all uh i was saying yeah told you so told you so mother never heard of a stupid person being a multi-millionaire i mean that there's one of the greatest lines in the history of the human freaking race okay all those really bright jobs who can't even spell or own god damn name who don't know what god damn day of the week it is okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in pop at o-b till oh hey neo how are you this morning okay sir good just calling uh you're right on with this uh in the a staff uh i could kill us if it ever comes back guys there are a bunch of overpaid uh uh non-brainers and uh the joke is really on the fan to go and pay to watch these guys it's it's pathetic yeah now are you want to happy because i talk about black people however uh the gibberish is ideal are you want to happy about it? absolutely not i don't think you're a racist at all you just calling uh call spade a spade you got it okay thanks the other great day pal okay i'm coming these lines aren't smoking here this morning got what is wrong with his audience with his pound it's got to call two calls to go is right it's getting worse and worse and worse and worse okay Jesus Christ i mean Jerry says these people are all whipped up to a friend he is right on the front page of the harrel so it must be the most important thing going on in the world isn't it? oh yes it is these people are emotional about it and if i'm a god damn racist let's cut like i said call us spade a spade put the cards right out there on a table and these little kids buy the way the 15 and they are 13 year old brother from hollywood being held on charges that they admittedly that they repeatedly raped their eight year old half sister as wide they told uh investigators we saw it on a jury spronger show okay this is just like Ronnie's the more an elis rubin twenty some years ago with a TV intoxication and then on the local news this morning we got some sociologist on there well it is true that children are impertinentable you tell me a 15 and 13 year old that don't know the difference between right and wrong as far as raping their little half sister or any other little girl and i'll show you some of the needs to be uh you know put in a rubber room for the rest of their lives everything is always well we saw we're impertutable we're the we're too stupid in other difference between right and wrong so let's blame the god damn and as much as anxious as the jury spronger show is and believe me it is as anxious as it is it is not responsible for the social hills of America today I know that comes as a great shock here's my me late sello hey Neil first time to call her yes sir I'm excited you know he's when I'm excited about the NBA coming back because I saw a spring printing equipment that supplies and we need to get them teachers printed yeah there you go here's a guy again that wants to exploit those poor uh freaks in nature hey you know what that's putting it down in my sandals so you know we gotta get out there these these uh baboons gotta get out there start playing so i can uh self a more interesting but on these jerseys okay good luck pal those play it all one place we have an open line a day one at Broward 560 560 550 680 on the mobile one line let's hear from some other people out there who's children have committed aberrant crimes because you made the bad mistake of not supervising the TV viewing habits and a lot than to watch the jury spronger show come on let's you kids who went out and murdered their neighbor kids who uh you know gave their dog a berium animal because that they saw it on a jury spronger show kids who hang out in the back uh halls at school going Jerry Jerry because they saw it on a jury spronger show let's hear it come on we won't identify it here's Miami hello Miami yes sir first encounter okay i'll just comment about the headline the house is 20 okay open line a date 560 560 and 560 on the mobile one line here's Kendall hello yes yes I want to this two things how was for that 30 norm what you said he was sick and hospital who? Freddie in it fat Freddie what is the name fat okay we have an open line in the date one at Broward 560 560 are these people gonna respond what i'm talking about fat riches doing fine norm can't is doing fine my little dog is doing fine i'm doing a radio sure i'm talking about stuff are you listening to what i'm saying are can you respond what i'm talking about here today Jesus Christ that guy was right thank god we started right over the box today with a guy who's come back here from as Phil Lord Carolina ball places and still can't believe how dumb it is here you are absolutely correct sir Jesus Joseph and Saul oh don't put on any more people over the age of 100 i refuse to do that anymore i'm not talking to seeing out old parts about fast Freddie or whatever the hell is name is fat Freddie oh my god anybody know how fat Freddie's doing no oh right and recording as of but almost every day on TV. Really fantastic, I think it is so good, it is so good. It's so good, it's so good. It's so good, it's so good. So if you like the kind of children I'm going to ask them like you. And if you treat them watching, I'm going to show them. And they're really good and pretty good. And they're really good and pretty good. And they're really good and pretty good. So if you try to call the light-sharp, by the weather 15, I'm so excited to see you. And I can just follow you. And you'll get up and sit, watch the kick kick. And I can sit, watch the kick. I'm so excited to see you. And I'm so excited to see you. Please don't worry about your feet. I'm so excited to see you. Please don't worry about your feet. Please don't worry about your feet. Please don't worry about your feet. Please don't worry. Please don't worry about your feet. I'm so excited to see you. Now, I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I've never actually given on my interest where they were raveny-summer on it. No, not on them. Yeah, they were raven, they're a little system. They're half-sister and half-reading. No. Maybe that's what they mean by half-read. Yeah, they've sought on a jury spring or show the dog made him do it, maybe. Huh? Try their asses, what I say. Ten-four input that on a jury spring or show. Put something real on there for once. Try those two kids asses like side-by-side. Here's the fact this is Neil. Thanks so much for saying what you did about Rick and Suds. I decided to stop listening to them when they were doing afternoon for exactly the same reason you did. I can't stand it when Rick talks about the stock market or any other topic considers serious. I specifically stopped listening during the UPS strike when I couldn't stand listening any more bricks pontificating. It's as boring as watching paint drying, of course, God forbid Suds tried to tell a joke because he gets cut off by Rick immediately. As far as I'm concerned, any problems they have can be traced back to Rick Riley. He has this show's worth enemy sign Mike. Oh, my God. I did them a public service like I said. You know where to find them if you want to listen. Fine, if not, I just I hear you're right. Can't I deal with it? I mean, when a guy is much of a bubble hit as Rick is comes on there and starts sharing with me his expertise about the market and the futures are this and fair value was a get out of here already. Okay, you're all lost your mind all together. Jesus. Here's the classroom John who says I agree with much of what you say about life in America, which includes what goes on in the African American culture. There is no African American culture by the way, John, but anyway, in general I'm unimpressed with their culture, but I'm not a racist. My wife is black, West Indian. Yeah, and from a completely different culture. There's no African American culture. What does that mean? Just like there's no African Americans. There's no such thing here. Nobody who's direct, you know, with the last generation or the one before that came from Africa. Hey, excuse me, I'm a Polish, Russian American because my ancestors came here 200 years ago from some from Minsk, a barna. Boy, what a bunch of bullcraft and propaganda. But you know, instead of getting education, it's easy to get sucked into propaganda. Oh, there it goes with that racist stuff again. Now I'm just telling that the way it is, and some of you are emotionally crippled and can't handle that. Here's a mobile and don't read B. Chillow. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. First of all, I'm interested in a lot of sports. And me and my friends have absolutely no interest to interest at all in the NBA. We're all rooting that they say that for the whole year. Oh, God. Yeah. That they gave up this. What are chances they came in as last mid-Extrists? They don't want to miss out on their 15 to 18 and 20 and $3 million a year. What are shock? What are the consequences of price? And also as far as there's no free speech in America. You're the last guy that's got it. I'm the last year. It's the last one, man. If a white man says they get against whatever they call themselves. Now, we're racist, but they can say whatever they want. Yeah. And just the Jackson's out there leading the parade. And he's in a highly timely way. No matter the fact, he's in a highly talented as we speak. Yeah. I don't blow that stuff up and act on that. Well, that'd be different. Have a great day, pal. Thanks. Okay. Yeah. I mean, reverse racism is okay. You know, white black people come on. So what if they want about a honky? That's okay. I mean, I'll give you another black guy. All the people on the Jefferson's. I realized that was, you know, they're, oh, yeah. That was kind of an uncle Tom show. Okay. Make it fun. Oh, it was just a funny show. It was a funny show. It was probably one of the funny shows that was ever on a year. Okay. Oh, you just liked it because that, uh, how does that guy? He happens to be a faggot. Well, so what about it? Would he related to general Sherman, you think? We have an open line in Broward. 560560 and Pomp560 on a mobile one line. He's out, but he's knocked down. Here's a cross brings in, uh, wherever that. What does that take? Cross brings in cross brings is what George wrote. Hello. Hello, now. Yes, sir. Great show. But I want to talk about the NBA. What a joke. I listen to Boog last night. Yeah. And Tim Hardaway had an interview with him. He did nothing about the strike at all. And when they asked him, uh, what do you mean he knocked off of the strike? What were you mean by that? He even though, uh, who was on his side. He talked about Davis Dern and he said, and, and our guy gave up a lot. Okay. No, you didn't do this. You were going to know, David Stern from Howard Stern. Is that what you're saying? Didn't know what thing was embarrassing. Yeah. Everything. But I couldn't give a crap about it. Okay. Thank you, sir. There's another one. It was crap. And I'll please don't tell me they're just calling into being great. She didn't even know they are of course. I'll come this jury that sends me the facts. He don't have the balls to call me and can front me on the phone. I personally challenge him to call me and give me a song to dance. And maybe you can even spell it right when he says it. Like Oprah with an H. Maybe it's Arpo productions and not Harpo, huh? Maybe the H is silent. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. I mean, let me say it again. I did. I like her role. I'm here with that daytime, awful show. No. Last time I checked he looked well. Of course he's part for the weekend. Maybe that's it. Maybe that's my bigotry show. Again. I don't care what he's got. The family tree is all about or who's up there. I didn't like their show. I thought it was disgusting and nauseating. And especially when he had the whole brown family on there. It was sucking around with him and building them up. A bunch of money grabbing slots. Especially that Denise. Isn't that her name? The sister. Denise Brown. boy oh boy the whole family oh well we all knew he was doing it they all knew that he was beating the crap out in a cool all the time but they sure didn't want to let go and that's the gravy train baby there ain't even a dog in America that loves gravy train more than the brown family did and so it was kind of like a human sacrifice you know we had a sacrifice to cool because we didn't go on a sever our relations with the old jace even after he severed her arteries okay and her all those on there building them up and sucking around with him he makes me sick to my stomach I don't think he's black is he last time I checked I call a spade a spade okay whether it's a white spade now Malcolm on a young and a rest of the time I like Malcolm huh a lot what's wrong with that Malcolm is uh is God now he's black down a very light moka I will grant you very light complex and I would say again like I've said before if black people could like you know mingle a little bit more and like you know get it down to that kind of complexion we'd all get along a hell of a lot better in fact if all guys look like Malcolm a lot of us will get along a lot more often because I know I wouldn't say that when I see Malcolm I get along more like that here's my amy hello hello me sir hey first I'm caller good in a help but hearing you this morning talking about your racist stuff about calling the speed of spade and all that yeah and I think that's pretty much up I mean how would you like it if I was caught okay great open line of day five six seven see as soon as the night point as soon as you call yeah another spick okay let's go to not smudded cone by the way not faggot here's a mobile in candle hello yes sir I'm Tyler every time you have a topic like this all this raises the Americans call it and this black people racist Americans yeah why you know they're American are you checking your passport though I don't care I'm gonna start every time you have a topic like that you know like what I did the guys send me a fact I read the fact on a year okay I also brought up about the kids that raped their sister I brought up eight million other things about the NBA deal yes I bet he was a bunch of white guys playing basketball you will never feel the same when you feel you feel not about black people sir let me ask you this question aren't there colleges where they have like almost been telling there's still not many but there's some colleges where the teams are mostly white and I sorry about the answer would you listen to me you want to have a conversation yeah I'm not any more interested in college basketball or NBA basketball if all the players were white I don't care what color they are there's seven feet tall their freaks the game has become very boring I have no interest in it I don't care whether they're black white or purple makes no difference to me well I have the difference what what's the difference if they were the bunch of white guys playing basketball you have a difference well what did I just get through telling you do you have ears can you can you have a brain can you like a receive any information from the outside or is it only outgoing I don't got to telling you I don't care what color they are and if there's college basketball on and all 10 guys in the quarter white I still won't watch it and and and that's it no comeback very good sir excellent conversation no comeback just keep see that's that's a great tactic a lot of these people use just keep repeating the same thing over and over again pretending to hear what I was saying because you don't want to hear what I'm saying because it's a lot easier to have a goddamn chip on your shoulder and think that anybody who tells the guy damn truth or released their opinion of the truth is big it is the racist is an American is a honky what you know whatever it is you can handle a truth baby you can't handle it sweetheart I'm not interested in the god of the basketball I don't care if there's a bunch of average of these if they're all Jews if they're all bags I don't care what they are I am not interested in watching it okay period I used to broadcast basketball college basketball high school basketball for years I used to do it and you know something it was it was you know a different sport then it wasn't a bunch of seven foot freaks slam a jam in a goddamn ball I mean what kind of talent is okay I got who seven feet tall how much of a reaches it how much do you have to reach up to a ten-foot basket when you're seven feet tall okay it's a freak game is what it is and it's also a sport which has been the worst and the fastest defender and accelerating salaries to a point where they're ludicrous they're insane they're ridiculous which is another one of the reasons why people are nauseated by the idea that anybody that the owners who are loaded with millions and billions and the players who are loaded with millions and millions that they even have to have this so a whole conference I'm going on because it's all about money no matter what they tell you that's all about because they never can get enough never can get enough and you know where they're getting it they want it out of your pocket that's the best part they want it right straight out of your pocket here's Kendall hello hey oh yeah sir two things first of all since you're on the thing about something about the NBA and the racist conversation that's been going on there today it always cracks me up not all because obviously you think the same way but a lot of blacks they'll say exactly who outsharped it is or Johnny Conquern is or Maya on you lose but if you ask them you know what my links right but if you ask them if they were ever read you know both by the black author you know they would literally you would never would type who you know you know they know they know they know they know they're little icons within you know against the great white devil here but you know the black people that got there and bust her but trying to make some fun so they make fun of them you know so that's one thing also Rick Riley you know when I stopped listening Rick after when you guys split them all he was talking about computers and the spot market same time but the worst thing he was talking about yeah was about his dear darling son who's always being friggin tossed in jail yeah yeah you know I have a listen to them in ages they come back in a morning I'm trying to give him a little bit of a boost and it's like I never missed a beat I pick up right where we left off and it's you know that the stock market thing I'm telling you man it's just it's hopeless and and son goes right along with oh yeah I want to talk about that too because son is under where somebody's an underlink and son is too smart in his mind he's got to know how boring it is and how the audience is getting totally grossed out by it's good luck to him you know he'll need a boring that's boring Rick what's on the last beat hey we play is is that to be a group is Johnson gonna make another statement for the about the NBA strike I hope okay thanks he'd be having one coming up his matter okay good you have an announcement card okay that's you for all by the way we have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T one on the line that call a couple of calls ago but it's so perfect so it's so it's just a natural yeah thank you for all the buncher this cause they're black guys I don't care if they're black guys but let me say it again keep the black guys out of hockey okay maybe one for team met maximum leave the white people something to a dittler round with okay if I come he should have told OJ that leave those white blonde chicks alone let the white guys have something that dittler round with and then we might all then machine might still be alive today of course then her family would have been able to get on a gravy train right her although or although oh there you go or although still trying to figure out a fifth of your penis or not not the guest I'm talking about his 1056 at five sixty wqm if you're suffering from hair loss and not happy with what you've seen in the mirror today that image in there you look in really we like remorfer example anybody seen him lately oh wow every air i did this man is losing it in the clump he's got seven hairs left on his and i got more here than he does and he's culminating straight back and greasing it up he's got that new pinstripe look one here one big girl chunk of a ball spot one here nobody wants to look like that if you want to look like a men's call my good friend Charles Alphiari till 50 up a no time for over 25 years he's been dealing with people with lots of money no money medium on monono because he sells you the natural heli insistent at an affordable the meal Roger show now on five sixty wqm Miami Fort Lauderdale there's been a major setback today for the NBA lockout player representatives shoefro addule kingfish oh well a full video full in equal over 50 level g a full level of somebody's over real he's lost the boys and his full is se whereas The idea is in sports today not can you be like a productive human being along with being able to be a good athlete. Not can you like a reproduce people in the, you know, bring up your children to be intelligent and pass something worthwhile along with, it's just a question how much money can you be making? That's all. It's been reduced to nothing. It all be on that. That's that's America today. Not are you intelligent? Not are you thoughtful? Not are you articulate? Not can you be spursing yourself. Not a deal, but just how fast can you run and how can you be jumping? Very sad. And how much your money can you extract from the poor public out there that can just can't take no punishment no more. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Chicken pot, chicken pot, chicken pot. Prye. Okay, great. Open line of Broward, 5605, 60 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. Whatever the hell I was. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hello, no. Yes sir. Can you translate the last call for me sir? And no, I can. I'm African American. What does that mean? So is this that's a title I choose to take the call myself and that's what I shouldn't bother anybody. The reason I was calling myself whatever you want, but I mean there's no such thing but anyway. Well, that's that's debatable. Why isn't black sufficient? Why why do you come up with this hyphenated American? Why should that bother anybody? That's what I want to call my brother. No, I don't. It doesn't bother me, but I'm just telling you that it's it's a pointless. It's an exercise and futility. It doesn't mean anything. No, I disagree with that. But anyway, do you want to be after differentiated as opposed to between like a black person to my teacher, making or Haitian or August? One thing I happen to be married to Jamaican. So I have two separate cultures there. Aha. But what's interesting is she's not an African American. She considers herself African American. Yeah. Yeah. She was born. Like is it a rub off? Excuse me? I don't understand. Well, let me, I'll can she be now women. She's Jamaican. She's Jamaican. How can she be African American? Okay, she doesn't make the distinction between some Jamaicans will say, well, I'm not African American. I'm not. Because she's put up here long enough where she doesn't make the distinction. There's just a matter of linguistics. She considers herself black. You just got through things you consider yourself African American. Or you consider her that. Well, whatever. Whatever. It's just a matter of kind of linguistics, right? Yeah. But the thing is, I mean, I don't get upset with someone's scars. Who's so fraught in America. That's the way someone will feel like. No, I don't get upset in the least bit. I just find it's a waste of time. It's like Cuban American and Puerto Rican American. And I like I said the other day. If you ever heard of somebody who died in the fight himself as an African Canadian. Let's see, that's the thing, though. You just mentioned the other nationalities. But when people call in, they always have a tendency to say, well, they African American thing. But the other thing I want to point out to you, I've been listening to you for a while. Yeah. And the way I started listening to you was back right out of college. I worked for snappy car rental. You had to run into car from snacking and you had some problem. Right. And you called my office and I wanted you to speak to. Yeah. And I didn't get it from a matter of office. So I had sent you to that office and you started ripping us a new asshole on the radio. Right. And I've been listening to you every Sunday. And deservedly so by the way, too, it was a whole lot of experience. They suck. Yeah, oh, there you go. Now they've worked there. I don't even think they're open anymore. Good. But anyway, the reason I was calling was just so MBA thing. I don't, I know you're not a racist, okay. And the thing is, this is thick. I think you're a very intelligent person. Yes, I'm a worker. But where I have the problem, though, a lot of your lives. I wanted to call in. Like the one guy that called him said, just he Jackson and L sharp then. Why do these people threaten them? I mean, because in the same breath, he could mention David Duke. Yeah. You see him and my whole thing is. Yeah. Yeah. My whole thing is when people call him to your show, they can't separate the fact that you have to entertain us in order to have us call in. They can't deliver different things between the objective force and the truth. Yeah. Yeah. And so what happens? I laugh when white guys call in and say, oh, yeah, that bad boo. I'm not going to let you know. What about the black guy that called me about three calls ago that wanted to try to tell me that if they were white guys playing basketball, then I would have a different opinion. Well, I'm not even touching on that because that was an idiotic conversation. I'm not even touching on it because that was idiotic. Okay. Don't touch it. Yeah. But what I'm saying is that when white guys call in and they say that they're better than the monkey, I laugh because I know if they saw me face the face, they wouldn't say that. So my whole thing is, I know what you respect people for who they are. All those old common all nationalities, all systems, all colors, but when colors come in and they try to get in on the bad wagon and they make us a little comments, that's only thing I have to do them the things that that's how you describe people of color do that to someone's face don't do it over the radio. But it's not necessarily like the National Babaluna Association doesn't mean people of color. There are plenty of white guys in the NBA that fit the category. But no, you know what a guy calls in a single tobacco and go play. He's talking about, you know, guys. you know guys that were like, yeah, you see that's part of the hypocrisy. I'm glad you mentioned it see that this is what cracks me up about the whole Sports thing I've said as many times before, but you'll never hear the other people on this station on his sports jox station talking about this there are lots of people they admire all these black athletes that they're on their team But they would never want them living next door to them. Yeah, I mean it's funny because when I go to again for us Then I'm a big dealer that yeah, I go to a golfing game I heard often fankit drunk and referred to steel at player is a nigger Yeah, but he's not a house nigger Like the house niggers. We just don't like the the bad niggers. Yeah, I get nigger in the bad nigger And the other thing now there's no such thing as racism Reverse racism racism racism racism racism right there. It's a black person on a white person or black Going you well, we don't say going you to a black that's that be bad. You get a group upset Have a great day pal. Hey keep it up. Okay, I'm on Keep it up because I'm thinking about Malcolm. We have it only right listen. What's wrong with that like Rodney King said can't we all get long and he looks pretty dark to me That Rodney King I mean it's a racist guy then country is what it is. It's just all about racism And I keep trying to tell you these things and then we get people to get all bent out of shape at me because they can't handle the truth The government loves racism that's why we got they love this whole thing about African Americans and about these African names because it continues driving a bigger deeper wedge between the races in this country and Let me say it again has anybody ever heard it's it's ludicrous on the face of it The and there's there's some black people up there in Canada. Hey, there's a few Anybody ever hear of a African Canadian? No, it's read the laugh at it. It's silly Anybody ever hear of an African Dutchman? No And African fraud no, but I'm an African American we got so many guy named hyphenated Americans here Miss everybody's hyphenated I'm on this I'm gonna tell you to work it on the Cuban American I'm a I'm a whatever Open line a date one in Broward 56705 60 pound 560 on the 18 T wildest line come on. Let's talk about the stock market. Okay. No Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir having to do you do sir. Thank you sir. I Can be a fan what I'm gonna be a fan right I'm a sports fan I don't go to the game I don't know how I apologize to Jerry there's a guy here is a fan. I'm sorry You know I watch it on TV. I don't spend the ridiculous amounts of money good you know that the TV station that WQA and do that for me You know and regardless of the racist thing I think you know they they bring it on themselves You know with the exception of a you know some black gentlemen and black ladies the rest are just Worthless I can attest to that well when it's with the acceptance some black gentlemen Like ladies no and lady. Oh and lady. Yes, you know there obviously there's there's Black people with formal education then you know who are able to wait like but otherwise the rest are just Not getting an educate I've said this for years education unfortunately is not a priority in the black community in this Exactly yeah, and a superstition and a good old-time religion and you know all that get down and rock-and-roll and church stuff They've been brainwashed in this because this is the bone they've been given a hang on do as opposed to being taught that a great Education is the only thing that's gonna lift them out of poverty out of their second class status to citizens in America And yet it's part of that message is ink it in true and it's free right? Thank you a lot of new. Okay, I'm everything Yeah, you can walk around with all the chips on your shoulder and a ghetto blast around your shoulder and still don't cause you an education Okay, does me anywhere Thanks for that facts Jerry. I think We have an open line of day one in brown five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line anybody ever out there raped their real little sister because they saw it on a Jerry spring or show Well in his case He didn't need Jerry spring or maybe they saw it in you know on the silence of the lands Maybe they're spending all day putting the lotion in their basket it puts the lotion in the bath They do that because they saw it in a movie, you know, I mean it's not where yeah, you just For anybody to admit that there's such a simple thing because they see something in a movie We want a TV show and therefore all of a sudden they just lose any concept of what the differences between right and wrong I mean am I buying that no, I don't think so good excuse didn't work too good for Ellis Ruben no and Ronnie Zamora But uh no ten after 11 at five sixty wk away The lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again All right Bill the cards and Monica for China Let's out a gigo When he made an wiggle Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind But I'm not a blinder but I let she's all mine Me Where he don't know where a stove he goes I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and you made more And then I can't stop it. Don't see the box needs to her naked Stars report you need to go in blind That's what he was working hard late nights in the overreofits Working on the practical joke He took a massive noodle put an explode in loaded for Monica was blowing the snow Oh Bill the cards and Monica for China She let's out a gigo Every time he makes it way go Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind Are you sure to say car and her vagina she's all mine Oh People feel that Hillary's been made a fuller by her husband Feel that Hillary was wrong Up in the Lincoln bedroom she was morning morning Outfall was doing her with bills all fall Oh Bill the cards and Monica for China She let's out a gigo Every friggin time he makes it way go Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind But us a car and her vagina she's all mine Again Yeah The Number one was poor pole If you'll allow what's his name is coming up on the rear flash scored and that's coming up real close right on his Rectom here's a mobile in North Bay,ville, and chill out What is it did you say did you think what there's no faith in the judge? I was just over the Ashley here. It's a lie. Oh, okay? Yeah, I'm an actually an eight year tool. You're myself here and I want to comment on the best well, I'm an extracurricular hard core best well, man I think it's become boring as you say it's come like some almost again TV baths about the money's too much And I just will I will not even watch anymore And my second issue is like recently I recently graduated my file you In December and when I was doing my walk, you know, it was quite insulting because they had the arch vision of the Catholic church With the opening speech For about an hour We had a stand up sit down, stand up just like we were at mass finally I just stopped I just stopped standing up and I said down and I had one of the monitors come up to me one of the One of the monitors. Yeah, I think I just these people sitting on the edges watching you and you know So I need to sit out and be quiet Thoughts of that yeah, she could help you to come with it. I was in the you know follow The speaker that actually just weighed outside Of course, I told you to look in the bit myself Uh-huh, and I just sat down and that's pretty much what I want to say Well, you should know as soon as the arch vision got up there and started out by saying they're so fact and in the church You should have always on the defensive road right from the beginning Yeah, right that's what they call a defensive end Well, they have a good answer and back to you. Good luck and congratulations. There's a Julio AC is okay That's the kind of people we want to hell of a lot more about there There's a kind of guy ought to be reproducing like George in there not teaching his kids a bunch of goddamn theory tales Not making a ball kind of silly simple in stories for their little kids no more reproducing by dumb people. Okay, God damn it That's what I say that's the new deal in 1989 no more Reproduction of idiots of morons of pia dumb people making more dumb babies got damn it We have an open line in date 5 6705 60 and 5 so I like sons Oh, sure, so he's not the problem on that show everybody loves us, you know, damn it's right It's just that the dick or whatever his name is That's stock market expert I thought it was dick Davis was the guy that the stock market died just whatever thing was that thought he was the dick. Here's a mobile and coral springs. Hello Coral springs going once 24 minutes and 50 seconds and they finally couldn't wait anymore God damn huh God Jamets open line a day one in Broward 5 6705 60 town 5 60 on the AT and T wireless line I'll take it one thing we won't be heard from no trailer park people people because they're all getting padlocks for the doors now That's right three in a morning you're here a little not kind of the door baby. It's the fixed it people That's right They're the SNIPS net people are gonna be doing a little quick cup on your tip at three in a morning because anybody lives in a trailer park No more babies as of today Which doesn't speak well for the future by the way the jury's been your show where else the audience gonna come from all those daytime shows Here's the pop of no be chill Hey, you know I do it. Okay, sir. You know you really hit a nerve with Rick and suds. Yeah, um that show will just be very very funny Yeah, and Not anymore It's just Rick is just seems Whatever he's talking about something because he's got a sponsor or something like that that he's pushing So guy and Rick is so guy then into himself. He's so ego centric and whatever whatever all of a sudden He discovers is the most important thing in the world like now He's got a few bucks a week in the stock market. He wants to he wants to burden the audience with that incessantly It never stops Don't get me along now. I love that show and I wish he was just his funny is he used to be you know We're supposed guys were funny That was a lot of I don't know. I'll never listen to it again because you know first thing out of the box this morning that stock market stuff I just I can't deal with it. It makes me very angry Well, I want them guys to be successful because I love the show. Yeah, and I just wish I would have been really love with the show He just got through saying that It's not funny anymore You know he can be funny, but he just seems to be getting very cynical and very serious about stuff that nobody cares about That's all okay, sir. God bless you hard. Okay. He said they say he likes drugs and Rick sucks It's not what this guy just said. Oh, I think that's what you're trying to you know cut to the chase We have an open line at Broward two in day. You know again This we should be in a day that I should have to be given numbers out today. If we if we have any audience left out there It all which I have my doubts on this God bogus station here of ours We don't even have a guy with a sandwich board running around up and down looking road mall or any other part of town Yeah, hey God Q. I am here's what we got we don't even have that Greg Reed what's he's been in this time? Oh, he's busy signing up more ball games to be on a goddamn you know because great like you know You told me this when I came here This was his dream. He wants to be have a sports station. He wants to be the sports kingpin Yeah, that's right that that's his whole deal. Okay Again, I have no idea what did he want me here for why didn't he want the new Rogers show on his thing? Which all he cares about of these goddamn sports does he know anything about sports not really now when you come right down to it But this is his obsession a magnet not so magnificent obsession even when you hold them to bear us by it With the in that movie we hold there. Yes Open line in day county five six seven. Oh five sixty come on on you people that are fired up and pissed off There we got her a cool basketball at baseball and football. Let's hear from all those people that are just forming us alone because we got more goddamn ball games coming up here We got games with people that haven't been born yet. We got games with embryos plan Here is Miami hello. Hello, no yes, sir. Hey, this is my opinion on the whole circuit. Yes, it seems like you Ten to the people don't realize what kind of show that you have there would turn the thing that you indict a whole group of people and then You know what group does that be was for example that for getting people a black people African I don't know any African people I've never been to Africa and I'm not planning on going anytime soon You take the mentally queen and you separate them as not being the norm in the gay community That is I'll thank God for that but you also take the uniterate job And portray that as to be the norm. No, I don't black good. I ever say that you do a daily in other words Dennis Rodman is the A typical black person no, I'm not speaking about Dennis Robyn. I'm saying you indict a group of people No, I don't I I go to great lines to point out that there are a lot of articula p I can't do it Is claim or like 400 times a day I'm saying I'm saying the perception would be that you indict a whole group of people right and then you separate some that you like or you This like and then you put them up to be what this could be like this and you should be like this one and this is a good one But there's a norm you would some people would kind of leave that you think the whole group is like bottom view Yeah, and that's why I think there's a lot of bottom features, but they're black and white And all kinds of bottom feeders. You don't have to make any of it's what color your skin is to be a bottom view But my point is that when people listen to yourself Yeah, you speak about black individuals By the Washington talking about more foster when I said look at our sales department go ahead Okay, when they see when they hear you talk about black people as or Bro, yeah, they would turn into bleep that you have below you already said that and then you believe that No, I don't I'll be sure they we got boy. I have them like okay. Thank God. Okay, so you see in the country what's that country? Africa that begins with an in See now if I say that right away there people here. This is a radio show. This is entertainment. Okay And at the same time that I'm doing a little bit entertaining. I'm trying to lighten the people up out there a little bit the ones that are so god They amount paid about it. Oh, gee. He said, speak. He said. Yeah, big deal. Okay, get a life Professional ethnic shot there. Oh, he said, Kuiki said that the jukunu yet too bad Well, by the way, there was his old bag in the jukunu yesterday You know, I kind of nearly killed me. I'm brought by by nice calling your bitch God Two open lines and see one thing I'll tell you about this about South Florida We can't say too much else for it, but if you want to become bigoted This is the perfect place to come through if you want to become anti-stomatic just go to sunrise lakes if you want to become racist Just go to certain parts of liberty city or overtime. Okay, if you want to become If you want to hate his panics well, just go to domino park or just turn on a radio mom beat That's a Was just hang out with the song raise So if you in other words if you really have a need to become bigger That I mean this is a great place to become it We have an open line in date by or if you want to become it. This is not a great place to become it 560 and 560 and 560 on the 18T wireless line Hey, Goldberg it too. We got the Jimmy Johnson show with Hank at five we got the orange red whatever her whatever He's got booster it six and then we got a capital in a 10 Pro you can pulse of gamblers out there That's our poll question that they are they're more white or black and pulse of gamblers in soft Florida How about other more white or black African American bookies? Anybody know an African American bookie out there? Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Welcome to you. Yes, sir. I'm a software native APF yes, anyway good morning. Are you a South American Indian American? No, I'm just Florida raised and just a white boy cracker, I guess What I'm calling a reference to is we talking about these sports guides. Do you feel that the majority of kids are not finishing school because And they fell in the different agents and that's most soccer and all that do you feel it there I'm Turning kids to take more of the money instead of schooling Is that is that a tough question? Is that a difficult question? What happened to their child about here? You understand they're not recruiting people because they're intelligent because they want to educate them They're recruiting people because they can play and they can bring in millions and millions of dollars for their athletic programs So they can perpetuate the same empires of the Bobby Bowdens and Steve Spiriers and all these other mugwamp Yahoo Rednext all over the goddamn American land What happened? What's going to happen? What happens to these kids out of college? Let's say if they get injured and it's like a They're going to become adults out there. No longer to play. There's a juicy Lucy. There's a Burger King. There's a Wendy's. They're all over the place And that's what happens to them. Right And then so why not stay at school and get some education? I mean really But first of all you have to understand that by the time somebody gets to be college age if they're Dumber than Sondas, they're not gonna get any education. They're not gonna. You're not gonna suddenly make them smart You and it's like in football. Well, he's a 50 or senior What is that? Oh, he's a red shirt freshman, but this one's a 50 year senior. They got all these fancy names for dummy. Okay, he's a moron A 50 year senior my big fat Jewish ass. Okay 50 years senior. In other words, he's 28 years old, but he's still hanging around in school because he's too stupid enough Cres and basically we can graduate and then nobody wants him to God damn draft Open line and date one in Broward 567 and then plus he's probably got a few babies out there running around on the loose He ain't hooked up to know a bit yet, but he has got a few babies running around on the loose Righty van der 567.05 60 and time 560 Some guys I see myself buldan Hmm Fred a major wheel stud Like something. She's highway amid Read. Mata's floor He's winning Masou Riki And the magic is with the power of the race, Marin Arnmark would know the change to just get to the full of the jump. Boys are the rainbow. We can get in that car. We're an asshole, aren't you? This friend she's the gamer. The pair's friends won't be chisel. When they find out he's been strict. Watch your brains through a round of gorgeous day. What's going on? Jordan and Jay. Who knows that I heard it? Jordan and Jay. Oh, right. Yeah. You think you're fucking gay, man? You know the race track. Let's begin the new bear. As the biggest fan club. And he sucks just like our Hoover. It's been known for a guy in the baby. It's been that he liked him at home. He's breaking out his whole family. He's looking at his very red love. He's won't be chisel. When they find out he's been strict. Watch your brains through a round of gorgeous day. Jordan and Jay. Who knows that I heard it? Jordan and Jay. You're such a bear. I know that I heard it. You're such a bear. You're such a bear. You're such a bear. You're such a bear. You're such a bear. Let me see if I'm 50, but he came to this mention. It's very, very unique to these two people out there that are not about staying alive. I mean, this is a phenomenal book. The super antioxidants, what they're, why they will change the face of healthcare in the 21st century. The super antioxidants by James F. Balls, B.A.L.C.H.M.D. Because I started like two weeks ago. I picked up this book and I started taking great seed extract, which Rick Riley, by the way, was way ahead of me on that one. I'd be bought some stock in it. Great seed extract and co, what do they call coq10 enzyme? Is that what it is? What do you look at it and be like that for, Mr.? I don't know from antioxidants. And also I take coq10, the garlic, you know? The garlic supplement? Coq10, that's been around for years. And I've been taking those three things on top of the list of, if I take it for the last two weeks, my blood pressure is so much better. It's astonishing. I've come in medication down to a minimal. My pulse is way down from like in the 80s and sometimes in the 90s to like 6871 72. And I'm talking about for like last several days at a time. Can't be just a coincidence, okay? And I'm the livable book. I've just gone there, Jimmy. Two open lines in day, 560, 560, 560, on the 18th, he wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hey Neil, hey Neil. Great. I totally agree with you on, you know, these black guys going around acting like a bunch of monkeys and blaming it on there. I'm not sure. What are my guys you talking about? Well, like those kids that rape their half sister or whatever. They were black? Well, yes. How do you know they were black? Were they black? No. They were white. They were white. Oh, that's their black. Yeah, out of here. Where how did that come from? They weren't black. So you immediately years a story like that. Not exactly because these are racist use, they were black. They weren't black and they weren't monkeys, okay? They may be in a monkey around with their, I have to say they weren't black. Racist bastard you. They were T.P. trash. They are there exactly. So I said trailer park trash. I don't know any black people live in trailer parks view. Do black people live in trailer parks? No. I don't think so. They do. What about Cubans? They live in trailer parks? The poor ones. Mary Lee Thos. I thought they lived in downtown. I'm asking you. I don't know. I don't know. They're so goddamn defensive. Oh, no. I was like, what about a human in a right way? I had brought in a Cuban sandwich. You'd be psychotic about it. For somebody that's per 10. So God, they're desperately to be like offended by the Antics of the old Cuban right wing lunatics in Domino Park on the only Cuban in a gross Rosanna Dana later than yes. And the only Cuban I've ever known to have lived in trailer. Yeah. So why did you say the poor ones? You're the only poor. I just assume it was George. You only poor Cuban. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Oh, no. The Mary Alito's that came over here in the early 80s. They're all rickered in the dough. Is that what you're saying? Oh, I think they're downtown. They're downtown in what? I'm the overpass. That's not the overpass. They're the overpass. Let's talk to somebody who knows about that. Okay. About trailer park, solos and. And who's taking maybe Wayne is down at the contract to take out the trailer park trash. Man, he asked a simple question. All you gotta do is get that Cuba there. But be better. But I enjoy starts doing at the Mexican tap dance. You are so hung up on a Cuban thing, man. You need to be. Get a little bottom of it. Too much too many of those. Sly me things. Here is the drill. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I won't go and drop. Yes sir. Hey, let's go. I listen. I was hoping. Yesterday. Kind of felt bad today. The MBA was going to play the season. I was really hoping that they would cancel it. They didn't have to be paid way way too much. Yeah. They're self centered, ego centered, you know? How is the average slob out there on the street to post the field sympathy for the owners and the players who are all rolling in so much God damn money that none of us will ever see in 45 lifetimes. And we're supposed to feel sympathy for these people. Yeah. And what if there was no MBA, what do you think these guys could do? I don't know because it's I don't think the students are high enough in McDonald's. I don't think they could fit in there. I think they could just hold on to the kitchen. Listen, is a QA I'm going to have a 24 or 36 hour pre-game for the Denver Miami game. 36 day period game. You already in the middle of it. Welcome to it. Good luck, sir. Okay. Oh, yes. Anything. Could you do a plaything by Brad the Booker Belmonty? Have a great thing. Can I play anything by Brad the Booker Belmont? No. No. Two open lines in days five six seven oh five sixty and pomp five sixty. I mean like that opened up a whole avenue of stuff. How about Brad the Booker? We got him. No. Five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty on the AT&T wireless lunch. Here on your sports neurotic station man. We got the dolphins. We got the panters. We got the marlins. Anybody care about them. No. We got the hurricanes. We're like one signature away. Greg weed is feverishly working on them. Then we'll get the matter to his locked up. We'll get teams that we don't even know the names of the arena soccer team. The arena football team, the outdoor soccer team, the badminton team. They got them par cheesy team. The pocket pool team. The swimming team. The deep sea diving team with Greg Lewis and his. We'll get them all on here on this guy damn station. And they'll still have like, you know, fractions of shares on those broadcasts. Because they just don't know which side their bread is buttered on in this place. They don't know where they're making the money. They know where they're losing the money, but they don't know where they're making it. Because this man wants to be the sports radio guru. He wants to be, you know, well, take a look at him. 21-24 noon at 5.50 QAN. This is 5.60 QAN. Or the big ones in the back. One day, two days back. Two days back. Two days back. Two days back. Two days back. Two days. Two days. One hour. One hour. One hour. One hour. One hour. One two. More.  To. One Matter What Go. To. One more. Seven. Two. We, one. Two. Two. Two. So. One. One. Two. I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it  16 till noon, in 560 WN, we have two open lines in day 560, 1050560 on the AT&T wireless line. So our message today from Lost to You is it's a hell of a lot of blooder, better to be intelligent and rich, but being dumb and rich ain't too bad after all either. Is that what we're really talking about here today? Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello. How are you doing, Leo? Okay, sir. I haven't talked you in a long time to get myself a stinkin' job, but I want to stop at saying my girlfriend and she's two, but she used to live in a trailer park that about 10 years ago. She got a job. Yeah, and she got out of the trailer park? Yeah. Oh, thank God. Is the show on when he still comes out of the trailer? Long gone, pal, history. Long gone? I had to make way for the heat. Yeah, we're great. I want to enter your post saying I couldn't give a crap about the NBA. Oh, also I watched the hockey games last night. Yes, sir. I have one thing to say. Job and ask you suck, hey. Oh, okay. We have an open line of day to what a bar. Was that lunch that just came in here, huh? Don't look at a cheeky way like that. It was Carvelle. I can have some of that. I'm doing tremendously well, which rhymes with Carvelle. Don't be like my mother, okay? Don't pretend you're like going to make decisions for me, all right? I'm doing spectacularly well. If you could see my blood sugar in my blood pressure, and I'm not saying I've had eaten the right things because I would be embarrassed if I told you what I had yesterday. And it's quite of that. And I wait, went down a couple of paths. I'm doing spectacularly well. Thanks to my friend, Dr. Balsh. That's a great book. And I know nobody out there will buy it. If I'm carried on about that at length, it would be like Rick Warrad with a stock market. It's boring. I got to kill the show because I'm improving my health on the first day. What was that? Tell us about it. The guy came in with a Carvelle outfit on. Carvelle ice cream. And he didn't look Jewish by the way. And I thought, what? Big ice cream cake. Some ice cream sandwiches. Yeah. And some chicharrones. But they're cold. They might have to have a cold chicharrones. You don't want to have your chicharrones cold? No, that would be gross. Yeah. What's the deal? What are the ice creams? I do not like the vanilla ice cream in the morning. Oh, there's chocolate. Okay. I'll have one. If it's a mixed in match, it's a little bit. I do like Carvelle ice cream sandwiches. Yeah? They look really good. They look really good. They're bringing ice cream. Okay. Because even I was doing a little bit too healthy. And they don't want that to go on for a long. That's okay. Thank you very much, sir. Now, how do you know he wasn't Jewish? Did you check? We have it over. Why? He looked too good to me. That's what I would have thought, sir. Well, I'm going to use that. What would a Jew be bringing a chicharrones? Jews eat chicharrones. Why pork? Yes, of course. Orthodox Jews eat lots of chicharrones. I've seen Orthodox Jews who are in the pork. Well, we have an open line in date 560560 and 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. See, it's kosher until it gets separated from the body. Here's a mobile in Weston, hello. Happy New Year, Kenyatta. Thank you, sir. Happy 9th of the night. I want to tell you a story about Miami's finest. I went down to the hospital for eight, but of course, with a mistake. But anyway, I got separated from the rest of my family. On the wrong side of this came home, which I give both sides of the wrong side. But anyway. Is there a good side of this came home? No, no, no. I'm not on the other side. Depending on where you are. In fact, Anthony makes a difference where you are. Right. I'm going to the office. Where can I cross and you direct me down about eight blocks. So I got down there after that eight block walk and after another officer on the side of the street. Where do you cross here? So he said, right there. So I crossed over me and my friend. And when we go to the other side. When you go to the other side, look for chicken. Yeah. Right. Another one of my Emmys find that said, go back across the street. And if we're like, your officers told us to cross there and he said, I'm revoking his order. That's what he said. I can cross this. I'm revoking his order. Well, excuse me. I'm revoking his order. That's what he said. Do you remember what Michael said never give another order like that. Remember that? So anyway, thought, well, where do you cross? So he goes, this is a quote. None of your business. So. Well, it didn't. It was a little quirky. He was speaking of Cheetah Rhoins. Right. But then he said, you woke up on the wrong side of the road. So then I'd be a little bit of, you know, so I said, I don't think you can revoke his order. He's a sergeant. You know, he said, oh, would you like to go to jail? So I said, that's okay. I'll go back across. So. Just to it. Okay, well, that had a good time. Thanks. Wow. We have an open line of day one at Grower. Five, six, seven, five, six, but what are your sniffing stuff in a bag? What are you doing in your man? You're like, danger. What is that that you're hiding all of a sudden? What? Yeah. Who says that you're a real girl? How often do you have an opening overnight? It's you. Don't you know? Tell me, how much you're looking at them? Shenmue? How will we survive if you've eaten that? The difference is you actually belong to a identity-in-one style. screen sandwich. Do you want to know what? Of course I want it now. Jesus are you some kind of an imbicilar what? Boy, I didn't think I wanted it now. When do you think I wanted like about the four of the staff to know what it turns to mush? Of course I want it now. This would be a first for me. I've never had a car about ice cream sandwich on the year. And sure it's loaded with carbohydrates and it's very bad for me, but that's the way my life goes. I'm doing me a while. Thank you so much. See it's just, oh it's too hard. I don't know if you popped it in the microwave first. What did you give me an afternoon? It's as hard as a brick. Oh, perfect. Mmm. Mmm. It's a flying saucer, baby. Here is a wait a minute. One moment plays. Here's Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I'm a way to a non-African American man. And how's your pooch? Great. How's he doing? He's doing fine. Yeah, he ever only got it. Yeah, he picked up some crap who knows what it was. Well that's good. How do you mind your shot and they warned him don't do it again. He said okay and he's fine. How about this racism, Neil, I tell you. Everyone knows you're not a racist. Anyone was common since now. Yeah. And how many of people would come and send us a guy? Well, there's not too many of them out there, but there are a few left. You happen to be one of them. And it's ridiculous, Neil. I mean it doesn't matter what color or what ratio are everyone's entitled to a free education. You make with what you can. Yeah, if you don't get an education you see the problem is when you have totally ignorant, uneducated people reproducing like rabbits, you'd likely who to then you know raising intelligent children is minimal to non-existent. That's the problem. That's a big part of the problem. And unfortunately, that everybody thinks the wonders of reproduction are so fantastic, but the problem is that the people who can afford to have babies to leave are the ones who obviously are reproducing the most and create enormous social problems. Unfortunately, it's getting worse, not actually the children are getting worse at times by. Yeah. So that's a pretty scary situation. Well, I was you in that goddamn Jerry Springer show up to you. Might be okay. That would definitely help absolutely. I tell you about the NBA lockout. Neil, that that Patrick Ewing. It's a good thing they're going back to work because he's not going to be doing any modeling anytime soon. Okay. Take care of yourself. Yeah. Okay. No, I heard that Ron McGill was going to sign him up to do an ad for Metro Zoo. Well, you can't say that. I just said it. Patrick Ewing, he, every time I look at everything boy, you're old and ugly. And I think of Patrick Ewing, I think you know something I look pretty damn good. God. Then I think of rumors here on those games the last time I said, you know, I may not have much hair left, but I'm like a walking frugal. I'm like around Jeremy. We have an open line in date. Yeah, I'm like around Jeremy. I'm old fat and Jewish. Open line in date one at Broward. 560, 705, 60 and pump 560 on the AT&T line. Oh, it's coming up to new and that's why the line's sitting out there real big time now. Sorry. Are we interfering with your lunch? Here's a mobile and perine. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I want to address something. Saw your distance out there. The so-called African American. Yeah. The label that we were given. I'm African American. No, you're not. Yeah. No, you're not. My head of that thing. No. My ass after the K from Africa. Yes, so my answer through some of them came from Russia. Does that make me Russian American? Okay, that's that. It is idiotic. On the face of it, it's lunacy. Don't get sucked into this white man's propaganda, okay? Okay. Let me say something to you. On my birth certificate, I am Negro. On my mother's birth certificate, she is colored. On my brother's birth certificate here, black. Right. Well, you tell me what the hell we're supposed to say, what we're supposed to call each other. Um, bro. Bro. Yeah. Is that on the television after the deal? What do you mean by that? Is that a person in the television after what I'm saying? Bro, what I'm saying to you, the establishment, why the Americans? Yeah. Label those. What the reason was, so what difference was it make, why do you need a label? What does it make what's on your birth certificate? Unfortunately, new, that's America. Like you said, that's America. If you continue using the label, then you get sucked into it. If you just be a, if you just a person, then you don't have to be a label. How come on on? You can't, you can't be label unless you accept the label. You can't blame white America. Stop label it, you started off by telling me you're African American. No, you're not. Are you? Are you? Are you? Are you? I'm African. Well, what is the point? The point is how come on applications? We have to put ethnic activity on the application. What is it? How come we have to put ethnic on the application? What are we, you know, they actually are you are you black or you on white? How come, Neil? Because they want to know how many quarters they can fill with you. See, that's the point. Tell me your, tell me your Hispanic black and Jewish and you got to all the jobs. All right. Okay, good luck. Okay. Okay. See, and what's that config? We have an open line of day one and bro. There is no such thing as an African American. Okay. I hate to break the news to you. Okay. There is no such guy damn thing as an African American. Each generation, the white establishment comes up with another label. You see, because boy wasn't good enough. Okay. That was pretty nasty boy. And then it was Negro. And then it was a, and then it was, uh, black and then a stop. And nothing already with the goddamn labels. Okay. People are people. It's very simple. Every message that I preach on is God damn show. B and H, do no harm. T and C, techno crap. No labels. That's it. Simple. Instead of being compartmentalized, are you like a, a hyphenated car compartmentalized human being, then cut it out, get a, get a life and stop referring yourself the way that other people are telling you, you want to be referred to yourself. In fact, when it says, uh, ethnicity on that, the application of job, I'm just put in you N YA, Nanya as in Nanya business. Religion, Nanya. Nanya, God damn business. Okay. I got qualifications. I can do the job. Give me the job and cut the crap. That's it. There is absolutely and you can argue with me until a college come home. There is no such thing as an African American anymore. There. There's an African Canadian or an African Russian or an African Finnish, whatever they are. God, it just amazes me how weak people are. Oh, yeah, of course, now it's fashionable. We're going to all this. In fact, did you see the number one female name? Katelyn. Is the number one name for a girl's in America today? If you're the earlier that come out this last year, Katelyn. I know a couple. But what is that? What kind of a name is that? Made up. Katelyn, KATLYN. What what is that? It's a made up name. Sounds like Katelyn. But Lynn, Katelyn. Is that like Mary Ellen? Something like the Huggiesu, Jim Bob, Billy Bob, Katelyn, my ass. What what is that? Well, you're just old fashioned. You're like the old fashioned. Yeah, right. Like Joe and Bob and Tom and Dick and you know, and Sue and Sandy and Mary and Esther, John with Esther. That a good diet would help. We have an open line at Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the 18, T, Y, was flying at us. You love to 56. Oh, George, I've sucked his car, but I love. Let me check you private at QAM. But Neil Roger show now on 5, 60, WQAF Miami Fort Lauderdale. Yeah, Bush. Hey, the blue. It puts the notion in the basket. It makes it all up. It puts the notion in the basket. It puts them both the yellow. It puts the notion in the basket. When the eyeball falls out, it puts the notion in the basket. Let it have to hold it down. It puts the notion in the basket. It's what I have to get. It puts the notion in the basket. It will rub it on my ground. It puts the notion in the basket. I have to try to eat my skin, so if it puts the notion in the basket. I said, I should watch my baby in my legs, I said, oh, I like to dance around this way. It puts the notion in the basket. I over my feet, it works the notion in the basket. How much does it grow? It works the notion in the basket. I've got my skin so beautiful in that equation. So if what Joseph says is true, that American it can be Xcheobcaroic stars over because they need a electron to fly over the field. 100 meters. What kind is thatDoes the kingdom's key shots in it? All the names that we talked about this last week. talked about this last week of all the names in America today in the world today that is the dumbest. I don't care about all the other names with the 85 letters that is to me the dumbest god damn name that anybody could name their kids. Kishan. It's got just ignorance written over out here. How fast you run? How many balls he catches or hangs on? Do or grabs? Kishan. You're following them? They're just listening the way it sounds. Kishan. How you doing? Kishan? It just sounds like a goddamn dumb name for a dumb person. God damn it. Good ice cream sandwiches by the way. But the key to that only is your kid who are crappy into your mouth. We don't want to get a guy in crap. It's a hit in this thing but these were called in crappy. You've got to get him in the restaurant. Well the guy Carvelle's going to feel bad now. That brought us by that big football cake. I assume we're raving about the Carvelle. We are raving about the Carvelle flying forces though. I'm on our second one. Oh, but their loader was sugar. You have a great sense of humor. You don't understand. I'm telling you about the evil of sugar. Don't you understand? Don't do as I do. Do as I say. That's the American way. That's right. Just like this whole thing with the impeachment hearing that. You know, Bob, don't do as we do. Just do as we say. We're all screwing around like crazy. Here's my any. Hello. My any. Going once. Going twice. Wong on. Two open lines in day five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60. Unimobile one line. How about poppin. Oh, hello. Poppin. Oh. Where are these people? They just all vanishes at the same time. Okay. Poppin. Oh, it's gone. Let's try Hollywood. Hello. This. I'm going to tell you. I can't. One more. One more of these. Hollywood. Yeah. I'm here. Yes, sir. You know, I'm the musician to you for a long time. And I've done your show pretty entertaining. Yeah, but what? That's right. I'll tell you there is a big button to this right. The big, what is here? Yeah. First of all, there's a couple things though. I think that perhaps in your intentionally overlooking. Yeah. Or it could be that it just makes the great conversation. What is that? Well, first of all. I call myself. What I want to call myself, which is which is Africa America. Yeah. And the term that I chose to use. Yeah, would you have invented that? No. Yeah, that's correct. One time you have the difference between what I taught myself and what made your father's father and your father's called the is the difference between the title that I choose to use and what has been a set of things throughout publicly for so many years because we did not choose to be called the inward. We did not choose to be called boy. Okay. First of all, I'm not gonna get away with it. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Why do you have to come up with a label for this? I don't know. I don't know. I'm just going to explain it to you. I'm just going to explain it to you. Here's a big problem. The problem is not so much that people who look like me tell you problems with people who look like you. But the problem that we have to face left is that you and you're not you personally, but the people of my years ago have been the ones who created this thing called slavery, who created this thing called oppression. And if you understand the true termination, I mean, the true definition of racism, you have to understand that black people, people of color, African Americans cannot really be racist. We can be perfect. So we try to be racist. Of course you can. Racers and no. I said it was a while. Okay. No. Because I've been saying you're wrong. But to no. It'll order to be racist. No. No. Yeah. And order to be racist and help. You would have to be able to suppress another receiving means culture. No. That's true. We have never had an answer. I think not the definition of a racist. We have never had a certain order. Can I say something to you, sir? Yes, you may. The definition of a racist is somebody who discriminates against somebody else or dislikes someone else because of their ethnic or. That's correct. Right. So you can be as racist. But I can be the part of the. The word and dark or as light as you are. You dislike somebody else because of their. You are. Your races. You are one of the. You say you're. You're not. No. But it also. In effect. There's. You're not the people are. They're cause. I think personally. You're talking double talk. I think personally. You have a responsibility. And well, and I think responsibility. Do what. I'm. You. We're saying we don't want to. I said I said no one to call. Started. How ludicrous. It was going to be. No, because you're telling me that. You didn't invent the term African American. You call yourself African American. Because the white establishment came up with that term. You didn't. People with color came up with that term. Oh, one. One day. One day people. We are. They woke up on the. They said we are African American. What happened. You realize. How ludicrous that is. We. We girls are how. We. We. What happens. You play. I. I'm listening. All right. Some of your bits that you play. I just. You don't want. We just heard with the. The best. I think that's funny. Well, you got. You got. You got. You got. You got. You got. The . But, why. Oh, I'm her. But it's for. if you're going to pick a emoji, pick a emoji. When I hear that bit, I become very old. He's a lot of it coming from it, because the way he's delivered it, that his self-public like some white guy recorded, and tried to emulate someone, he thought sounded black. Yeah. Have a very eemison and he's torn in his voice. It embels and goes on and on and on and on and on. They get each other six. OK, they can't get his eye. It's old, either the pump like that, my friend. Yeah. OK, there's another model. OK, there's got a six-tongue to a six-tongue. OK, this is ordinarily in our picture. I know a lot of angle-guests have picked strong. But we're not talking about it. Guys, we're talking about OJs. I know guys, we're talking about the OJs. I know they have a ton of ideas. OK, there was on that bit that you played. That was someone trying to emulate someone of color in both of them. Yeah. The NBA. Why would you call the guys the boom? Why don't you call that? Well, I don't like what they have with the NBA. I think the screen has a little bit of bonus association, because they're big tall, rich, have made, do you know it? They're rich. I'd say right now. Every game he's short man and smell, build, die on a midge. Wishing to have the height and the silver and silver. No, he doesn't. He does not. He would see the peanut size. He doesn't see the size. I don't know. I don't know. OK, say how to shoot for him. Get out of here. What do you say? Oh, man. He's just trying to intellectualize. He's got to go. He's like, you hear that? He's laughing his ass off. He woke up one day. I'm the honest one. That was a very entertaining call, sir. Black Americans, people of color woke up. Now, you've got to understand only those who's and says there's hundreds of years ago or from Africa you understand. Not Jamaicans, not Haitians, not people from the, but to that and to be able to do a lot. Or the Hingian. Oh, well, but hey, me, well, let's go, please. You're going to start me with a Bahamas craft. You know what they said at that meeting in Kansas City, or where do they have that meeting? They're heads of the five families. What was that in New York? I thought it wasn't Kansas City. That's what I thought. So from New Kansas City, you know what he said? He said those Bahamians have the good stuff. There's what he said. 9 minutes past noon at five, 60, WGQAM. Yeah, we all woke up this morning and decided we're going to call ourselves Jews. We woke up, yeah, there you go. If the Jews are supposed to have all the money, all you dark, complexed people, wake up to our morning and says, I'm Jewish. Even if you're not, unless you're Sammy Davis and he ain't feeling too good, keep an eye out for him. Yeah, I'm Jewish. Huh? Isn't that what the popular stereotype is? The Jews get all the bucks just because of what your old Jews drive those big Jew canoes. Those continentals and those big fat Cadillac. See, that's why so many black people like driving Cadillacs. It makes them feel Jewish. Huh? What do you want? It does. So if you're going to want to feel Jewish, call yourselves Jewish, okay? Forget about what the damn Jesse Jackson says about Heimitown and Ed Lewis Ferrican, man. In fact, you notice they changed the name of one of those Middle Eastern countries because you went over there and told them that they had a gutter religion. Used to be called Qatar, QATAR, QATAR. Now it's gutter because Ferrican says, you got a gutter religion. gutter. What kind of a name is that for a country? Oh, I live in the gutter. Yeah, well that's your problem. Spurs and change, mister. Oh, it must be a black Canadian. Oh, an African Canadian, whatever that is. Oh, my God. Donovan Bailey, he's an African Canadian. It's 11 after noon in the 560 WQM. A kill on the cold. Coneaux rhymes with smoke. A beggin for him. I took a call from the East fondacle. He says, the future being sad told me now I can't get no job. Cause I don't got no business to eat. I've talking like an old Negro. All right. I'll make something houses way. Now I can't do nothing. But I heard it say that okay. Change my name to shoot for a week. Drive a dude send a code of any kind of like. I remember when I went to Italy. All the white pants cost hanging outside. The bill was there, bar, bar, the blue, and the bar was there. The bill was there. Snow, y'all, so many is time. Fast. So the bar was there, but not the chase. Now I have passed. Cause we go in, sell most that code chain. Practicing, track, or things. Track, or things. Track, or things. Track, or things. Track, or things. Track, or things. Track, or things. Not even a bar is a song. The bar makes me sound funny. Got nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make no money. They were fools, sound good to me. I got to any unnothing. The bar that couldn't get me anywhere. Maybe I'll muck in the old white bitch. Spear the purse and full of hair. Then I go on a taste of money. Spive, burial, and the fridge is there. I remember when I was dealing all the white things. Cause hanging outside the building, the door. Sounds the blues, sounds all the peace. Why did they look like snow, y'all, so many times. So the bar that couldn't get me blind. I've changed now. Hard, hard, hard. Got to go win so bold. Track, or things. Track, or things. Track, or things. Number, expectation of your life. OK. A thing you'd say. You'd say, it's good. Make change your views on me. Cynthia and I would like to come down and see you. No, no, no. As a fan of yours, would you stop eating ice cream? No. You are going to kill yourself. No. Stop eating junk. No. Andy from Hollywood. You know what we can say about Andy? He's an asshole. And everybody would say, that's right. Amen. And you and A sweetheart. Nunja, none of your fucking business, okay? Do I have any regrets about eating those two flying sauces? Not one, but two. They were great. That was my lunch. Do I have any regrets about it? No. No, they were all, they're all coming out. No. Delicious. I mean, every now and then, I mean, these people, I think you're going to do perfection. I'm never going to have sugar again, even though I know it's going to kill me. I'm doing fine. Thank you. Very nicely. And no, I do not want to see you. And yes, you are an asshole. And stay the hell away and the blow out your ass. And find a life. Every time one of them just floats away, another one comes, you know, it's like a bird on a tree. Now bird flies away and goes off into the distance never to be seen. Here comes another one, like just moments later, lands right on the same perch. So perch on this, Andy, you jackass you. You said quiz-ling. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Violent, man. What is this? Violent. About the NBA and the labels and all that other kind of crap, like my company is a very big company. Every year they have a still out of evaluation about our managers. One of the labels that they ask us to put on their is sexual preference or sexual orientation. Because of that, I refuse to fill out that evaluation every single year. It's put in on you, and you end why in. I refuse to do that. I think that's, I mean, is that enough to ask someone about the race or religion, but to ask about their sexual preference? That makes us a little bit no sense. Is that a bummer below the line, so are you getting an ending? No, that's still not that surprisingly. Just think about the NBA. I'm sad. I'm very sad that they got up there. They're going to be playing now. I think it's so disgusting. The same thing with baseball. They, they struck the Adams strike and people that you give a crap. Do people give a crap now? No. What about NBA? People didn't give a crap without this strike. They don't care. They're not going to care. You're going to be the same thing. And the baseball thing with the salaries. I mean, these, these, these, these, these, these, these, these, these, these, these, they don't understand. It's all over. I mean, these are the, these are the final days. It's all over. I mean, baseball just hung on last year because of the McGuire social thing. That was just a temporary reprieve. But other than that, and now with these unbelievable, unconscionable salaries, people are saying, who the hell can subsidize this? And, and as far as the label about African American, I swear on my life, I refuse to call anybody a label about those type of labels. I'm a human being. I am a person. That's all. I'm a person. Everybody still anxious to label himself. Well, for what? Who cares? Start off by law. I'm an African American. I'm a Cuban American. Y'all, okay. Here's the medal, okay. But what do you, what does that mean? And, and I would, I would venture to get that most people, that living other countries, like you're saying, they don't use those labels. No, they will not. I mean, my father, my father came from Poland to I'm a Polish American. Who cares? Now, I think Polak is the one you're looking for. Well, that's your nail. Yes, sir. Losing. My buddy, I'll piece of me up with the DSS dish. Yeah. And that's like the best thing on the face of this earth. You got it. Now, you know what life is all about. At least you got contact with the real world now. Thank you, I love it. Okay. Twenty-two past noon at five, 60 WQL. I'm really upset with that guy from Carvelle, bringing it all in ice cream, aren't I? No, I'm not. Thank you very much, sir. Even if the Cheech out hones were garbage. Well, George worked in the bag. He never gave me a chance to see him. Of course, I would know a good Cheech out hones from a bag cheeched that on. And George said they were crap. What he said. Stale and cold and yeah. Mombaddy, smart me. Faddy. There's a little bit of a fatty. Well, what's wrong with Faddy? Didn't you hear what I was reading yesterday about dietary fats? Faddy is good for you. Faddy. Thanks for remember that song. We always play a fat is good for you. Just before we do the stock market report. Staked in the beer is good for you, Rick. Okay. Forget the stock market, Mr. Anil Actual. God. Jesus Christ. He just he just he inferior to me. He did when I worked over there with him and he inferior to me. Now even though we're not on the same station, he may just makes me angry. Because you try to do them a favor. You're trying to give him a little boost in a boost up. And, you know, he's back to the same bookcraft. That's the same one dimensional. Like a horse with a blinder's on. He just can't see the force for the trees. Here's a lady mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I'm good. I'm good. Turn that radio down please. For the tree. Okay. Speak to me. Speak to me. Hello. Hello. Yes. Is it the deal? Yes it is. Hi. I just wanted to say something about the racial issue. Yes. For years and years and years. They were we referred to as niggers. They. The black people of color. Yes. Right. And then we finally got people to classify them as color people. Well, would you classify? Why do you? What does that mean? Classify. What? What? Look at our last four years. Something. They don't. It's okay for them to call themselves nigger. But it's not okay for a white person to call. What about if I just call you bitch? How's that sound? We have an open line in Broward. What are the disgusting filthy bitch, okay? Oh, they. They this. We got them in a laboratory. Hey, listen. Go find Dr. Mangalow. Okay. Sweetheart. He's got a surprise waiting for you. Man. It's good that we have these conversations because then we fair it out to real bigots out there. And by the way, we are tracing the calls and they will be knocking on your car door any second there. They are the guy then bigot police. Take your ass away. Jesus Christ. I mean, well, what kind of scumbags are we dealing with out there, huh? They. Well, you know, we put on a label. What do they do? Well, I can't get around your neck like a mizzosa. Is that what you do? We're going to hang a label on them like a sign. Here's Boca. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. You know, I like that bitch. To the real bitch. Discuss that filthy eye. I hope that all kinds of, uh, little animals run into a rectum. Okay. And have a party in there. All they already are. Uh, that's what it looks like from here. Can you find up at the Richard gear, uh, a poem? Exactly. Be careful of God. Yeah. I don't. The data calls. There were not enough people who possessed it up. I just saw it before they heard the kids passed off and go. They wanted to invade the convertible, uh, A couple of nine lives down here around in Utah. Feeling actually safer about Met einige. I'm so mad on ultablo. Did he see a wak still. And He'll, uh, let's go. Uh, gots off the cowboy. It was not found. I thought Hey, is he gonna test he graven to cancer, shame of his receive forgiveness. I found him like a giant boy. You can't let that Kah radio poll with another murderer. want to and then he agreed with what I said he totally contradicted himself exactly I think he was white he might have been I think it was a cracker yeah one in closing yes I like the new vantage point that we monitor the whole call from we can figure out which of pain medication George likes today okay stand have a good one and back to you he likes you're in the good stuff on hold that that's the only incentive for the call nobody wants to talk to me they want to hear what you're just saying while around hold that's why we set it up that way damn it we have an open line in the day five six seven oh yeah unlike when George says you damn juo they want to hear that what he says you faggot what's the one has to do with my record slimy honey not a corn no splimy is the flan okay i'd use the like flan can flan can we like flan okay i love flan can like a nice brisket a nice brisket is that good they're never anything wrong with a nice brisket even the Graham like brisket right twenty six p.c. that's one thing i'll tell you right now and that is that blacks and jews even though we got to we got the people like ferrocan and there are a lot of bandit and black people because they've been brainwashed by people like timey times as ejection and little as ferrocan but the fact is that jews and blacks like deli you find lots of black and Detroit lots of black people in those jews deli they love that stuff they're not all out there even watermelon fried chicken tank and they like driving cattalex because they really see black people want to be like i said forget African American it's awkward it's not just say i'm jewish nail a little mizzuz on your door and then you can drive around at those little buses that say you show you know those jews for jews to say yeah you've seen those like in darky town which is right next to high meat town you've seen those things yeah right jews for yusky if you'll have it made 27 after 12 at 5.50 WQM freedom and safety i know someone like to do a sandwich or a dude hit marks that's in each sector the skin is check i know who you're doing just briefly that hero when she you got to lay off the flow hit marks that's in each check we want to know what's the deal the flow's a trap when you're in rehab your worst than alley McBell it works the lotion in the basket 1231 at 5.60 WQM the Hank over show it to a clock Jimmy Johnson joined tank five or six this afternoon the preview the big game Saturday then we got the six of talk to booger with the orange in the comic book here antenna clock we got at Kaplan and the G.A. show open line at Broward by the way five six seven oh five five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's Miramar hello neo yes sir i'll use the great i haven't thought you can quite a while but i want to tell you i always enjoy your program and of course you said it's not the life listen i know i know that basically you're not a racially prejudiced but you are a prejudice i know that you are prejudice against stupid people i know that it's all you eight pieces prejudice against stupid people and religious people that is the same that all atheists are smart is that what you say that's like that idiot that called me a couple of weeks ago all one once you meet a gay person you better wonderful person and then what why do you make these ridiculous generalizations atheists are smarter than stupid people as well no there are dumb atheists just like this done anybody else and you know you're prejudiced against me because i call and try to tell you an important story one time and you would let me talk yeah you let another guy talk the guy who made a poor story about what about i thought listen you know you cut me out of the important story about why well it's a little delicate it's it has the word penis in it okay great okay oh it has the word penis in it maybe he's got a we have an open line in brown five six seven oh five sixty and palm five sixty on the mobile one line rest my case there got is a real smart the eight here's Davy hello welcome Neil happy new year Jim use a camp all in the like delusion uh yeah i think he was i turned out about a half hour of an ocean in the basket exactly i turned out about a half hour ago and uh i'm i'm not to call you about this and it was like a good time for me to call for for Christmas i got it those were razor and the name of this thing was the bump fighter and it came from wall body you know i turned a box over and i'm reading the back and it says the bump fighters designed exclusively for African American men with a bumpy complexion first of all i mean i had no idea razor to be for one way to another i mean a face of the face i didn't know that no and secondly i mean it was phenomenal of uh bumpy face African American something new or well why do you think you let me black ladies in blue blade oh there you uh i request lady me girl okay i didn't show you a playby who requested we have an open line in brown five six seven five sixty and palm five sixty on the mobile one line surprise that guy that called before that invented the term African American i'm surprising every knee even mentioned the fuel with that uh you know i'm all you can eat are you negro here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah the inventor earlier neglected to make sure the fact that when the slave trade was going on they sold their each other yeah like this oh of course where it's all that who do you think that the white man bought the the upper court man exactly what people had talked about slavery i mean you talk about living in the past you know why what i mean you guys start talking to the Indians about Columbus okay exactly we're going to rehash a couple of the janna's in Alden and Priscilla and all those uh many action here and have thanksgiving all over again and she'll be talking about god these people just talk garbage from out of the past you know you're going to be with the protest right you got it pop pop pop pop by you got it they built it show they're shooting it out their ass they shoot it out their mouth they're like oh you take your crap and plug off right exactly how good they are well said your excellent john like he said it's the same old yeah oh slavery the one i'm well guess what okay the Indians they were scalping uh this one and they were shooting that one and etc and you know all these people i want to waste their time being professionally angry and professionally incense over the ancient history uh just waste your time okay some of the rest of us will go on living how do you like that what a shock some of the rest of us will eat ice cream sandwiches from carvale flying sauces there are this world they were very good why haven't had those in a cone z oh gc there he goes again god damn it next he's going to be talking about uh Peter Warl given that puckaway and things tonight to go oh see there you go they made a monkey out of them right there at the blue line and then that idiotic fighting a boy took a couple of good shots from that Parker from a colorenalized now couple of good shots in the head there at the end Peter here's Carl Gable's hello hey hello Neil yes sir how you doing okay i've been here uh this is a Q and spiky american yes yeah the other day we're talking about with George but uh Palmin's stakes yeah yeah you were carrying uh joking that was horse me and all that we do have a plate that is called the fahil and that's real horse meat hmm it's really taking there are places where they uh do horse meat yeah that's really tasting yeah another way they know when they can i get good brisket what day can you get good brisket oh i'm wearing they can't get on a form well we're in date county well yeah well discuss that thank you sir where can this guy get good brisket oh and by the way do you know that there's a pop or next where the hell was that going i was trying to take a strawberry shortcut the other day and i wound up going on 441 north which was a bad mistake from 595 and oh i was going up to bar and pull and they got all i can everything i'm trying to worry you go now because it's the middle of the season so they got the roads all torn up thank you DOT you assholes but in any rate so and i i spotted on the west side of the road i'm thinking is it a more than i can't think we're exactly where i saw there's a bumper mix i thought all the bumper mix were gone bumper mix always had good brisket another one you're talking about about i forget where it was it's on 441 somewhere up in the yet but not in date county date county working in good how about going to the uh... oh rascal house if you don't might be in the middle of all those old blue hair juice i don't like the rascal i'm sorry how about trying and but i was gonna say maddy when he brought me that chicken soup the other day i was i would have sworn he said the villa deli sent it by now can't be the same villa deli because the one over there in all the road and we've heard a million times they're long out of business or i'd feel like some kishki and some ribbons mmm you mentioned griminers before you play the day i see my mind you play the day i's recently real good uh... the kishki sounds real good they got the half way decent kishki up there at the what's the name of that joint in uh... torono the pickle barrel on young street they got half way decent kishki and if rager sirs a till you'll say that's good and the kishki one bad either twenty two two one at five sixty w q a m is five six b you a m and we're have all the communist gone just a short decade ago they were everywhere and now there is rare as a playboy in ritered women's bedroom unless you pick up tickets for this weekend Disney presents kami zanai former dictator loving red tape spreading kami bastards are now on the ice and twirling their pink a little hard thought for you and your family watch the stolen six juggle their pickles and hammers as they twist and turn and elegant formations resembling battle tactics they never got to use gays in amazement as glademher jack-off performs the nearly impossible bullshivic fourteen forty degree revolution it's Disney presents kami zanai employment for baco and entertainment for you this weekend only it rubbed the lotion on it's skin it does this whenever it's cold okay twelve forty two five sixty two two a m oh my god the other difference by the way about the neverlands besides the people are being very progressive and not all up tight there's no labels nobody has any labels they're just people there all different kinds of people white and black and middle eastern and uh... gooks and well whatever you like you know and uh... and that's it no labels here everybody's got to have a label everybody's got to be compartmentalized here's Virginia gardens hello yes sir number one you'd all ask for you one buddy i will okay number two the guardian vendor of that's the american yes like a more on yeah there's so many reasons not like the soul exactly there's so many reasons not like people on a personal basis right that's right i don't know why he's got a playables in there and uh... other crap and it's other than the uh... the best line was that all the african mayor all the black people walk up on morning and they decided that they they called themselves african american it was an active liberation i guess they did yeah they'd like to be that called in earlier about they did this and they that the darkies right yeah that's the same kind of person that says that they know the black people that gave themselves up his ways and and all that kind of right he had a that's all bunch of crap just like the you use given so's up for uh... human experimentation during the holocaust or they turned themselves in that's how they were uh... uh... it's a carcass people to a place that's all one's time and have a happy for him we have an open line in uh... they celebrate virginia gardens big and foreign by the way uh... i mean as the other way around open line today i don't know what i'm talking about probably my blood sugar is up to six hundred log guarantee it's uh... not bad since i've been taken as uh... grape seed extract and that co-cute ten enzymes and my uh... kaiolic oh yeah you're crazy amtana the proof is in the pudding baby the proof is in those instruments just absolutely astonishing and amazing but they're not gonna go out there by the spoke because they'd rather go out there and be sick and wouldn't be something if like yesterday if i would have eaten a part of uh... uh... new york superfudge chunk uh... and in spite of that had all these wonderful readings including my blood sugar would not have been really amazing but i thought i did did i need a point of new york superfudge chunk yesterday well that would be disgusting after getting on here in script what do you look at me like that did i say yes did i need a point of new york superfudge chunk ben and jury yesterday that's the question did i go to a court i went to the post office had a male couple things and right over there on uh... uh... uh... hiatus and open park there's an records i went near i got a couple of bottles of soda it's possible that maybe in a moment of weakness because right there by the soda was all that that injury i had fish food that i get fish food no i get fish food they had chubby cubby did i get that they had a lot of cheery garcey did i get that they had new york superfudge chunk did i get a part of that yeah but did i eat it now and what i'm doing great i actually lost weight i think i discovered the guy damn uh... key to all of this this morning i woke up and i invented here's a mobile in my amy hello yes yeah sir well glad to be on the show with you got a great show this new every day yes i am and i'm just uh... tired of all these people calling up and uh... and one saying that uh... white people invaded slavery uh... it's kind of been around for all the other tribes i mean i got even the god in the bible was telling uh... people how to do with their slaves do this and do that and time is there's an okay i'll do as many as i can yeah i mean you know i'm just tired of hearing it's a little bit in the past yeah that's a little bit people i want to live in the past in the latest guilt trip on us crackers baby on our all's anglo's in the jews and whatever we are for stuff that people did years of what i'll do we have to do with it and you know what they would be like it would be like it would be like jewish people being bigoted against germans just because of what happened fifty in the sixty years ago okay people are still plenty of not use over there but i mean yeah and they uh... everybody screaming about uh... racism and all uh... their showy blacks are screaming about how racist white people are but i don't think they be real happy if we had a white entertainment channel yeah and i don't even say this how would the india survive without the white people before the tickets that's what i said earlier in the day how could there be an india without the white fans could there be an india no way oh really got a great show and uh... keep up the good word and have a grand light that's what we keep trying to tell you people if you just light enough about ten shades would be good if all people if all black men look like milk and if all black women look like well sherry bologhati she i remember the name that time area it's that caravel that's brain food baby caravel flying sauces your brain will be sharp as a god damn razor when you eat those flying sauces to me now they're still doing some more in a couple weeks now we don't want to know once a year is good couple of times a year maybe although the kishki is not a really good you really what am i up a tight for that and did we find out where to get really good brisket and did we find out about the villa delie come on let's go what's the matter just because you can't get to one of the lines now god damn it if we only had the famous restaurant i'm washing an avenue over there on the beach then i mean forget about all those drug addicts and those pink in the united line buildings forget that crap that's not what made the beast the beach was made by the famous restaurant those were the great days on the beach and piccolo's and the turf pub and kneels on out in the road there that's when the beast when i first came here was great even with all the crabbie old zoos it was still great the famous did you ever eat the famous oh ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho I'm gonna tell you something there has nobody you have never lived if you didn't need it to famous restaurant i've watched an avenue on my me beach and you sure as hell didn't have to be Jewish to enjoy the famous just under i mean they would bring you out like the fried crap loss little fried wonton and it would in fact when we go in there from kt we go in as a group so they bring out like huge containers of mottables and crap loss and noodles and you know they bring out the soup and you put as much of the stuff in there as you want boy that when talk about kishki kishki that would just make you sit on a floor like a giga to yourself that's how good it was i mean you you feel a tickling your back home while you're eating that kishki that's how fantastic it was here's a mobile in south Miami hello yes sir talking about people reproducing like rabbits who have no brains what is that have to say for the long term effects how long we enough for the stuff like this what's got like one we'll stay in the people if they're a free reproducing like rabbits what we're stopping it this year that's the exact when the president makes a state of union dress that's going to be the number one thing is been a promises that we're going to be sterilizing all the human people for sterilization right starting in the trailer parks and working on up um at the side and African American came from uh as you'd be the white guy came from pool and would be an African pole you ever see an African pole i hear they're pretty sizable we have an open line in Broward 567560 because that's just an old stereotype we heard about Peter were the extra did it I made up the store that he was on like an insect 567560 and pong 560 on the mobile one line hyphenated humans you don't stop it if you hyphenate yourself you're demeaning yourself you're saying to yourself you're like a lower than in other words just a plain old ordinary human or american or whatever you might be your pull-out that's not good enough when you hot once you hyphenate yourself you are lowering yourself on the human food chain don't you understand that don't you get it no oh amaya yeah yeah yeah piscopadian american i mean what will kind of sewages that what kind of nonsense and again this is propagated and promoted by the establishment by the media who are the pausing the establishment i don't want to sound like one of those paranoid nut casings but that's that's what goes on oh no this guy invented it the one that called her about half hour ago he invented it yeah just like i invented cripples right here's a lady mobile and hollywood hello hi nia yes ma'am okay slowly my three and a half year old listen to the show with me and now he's he's favorite thing to say now or put the motion in the bag all right yeah yeah it puts the lotion in the basket lovely you can ever be pretty under put the lotion in your basket i agree anyway you better not putting the brisket in the bag you lost your cell keep it up thank the show too bye bye bye okay so i always because of a big black pool name band we have an open line in brown five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty on the mobile one line yeah that don't have it Bailey baby he's a great Canadian uh African Canadian uh whatever he is here's north Miami Beach hello hi nia this is uh Jane work my name is beach uh are you a hi fan ages humaner uh i'm an Irish american well an Irish american alright oh so my my my ancestors were forced to clover from Ireland and work as police of New York City right so i'm going to send you to Boston yes is that is your ass why two could take to plant what is it is your ass why two take to plant yes because i'm making sure after you know the next year's season you can crack okay whatever you say oh god he's got his own little son of feckle in there very good nice sponsor oh he's got a why two k bugging is uh oh break him is what he was trying to say what was it oh break him two open line today five six seven oh five sixty and pomp five sixty on the mobile one uh yeah what are we worried about hi fan ages Americans well we should be getting all panicking now it's the seventh of January so that means we got seven last days 258 days now until we have the y2k problem and the world comes to win in any better start you know sort of stirring up all your toilet paper and taking your money out of the bank and doing all the other idiotic things that superstitious in imbicils are doing morons jackasses fools the sky you know they're running around same old tired crap all crazy people on the loose and the media acts like these people are you know they got a point oh we're investigating the president by the way on the CNN the trial of the president and of course they're not doing anything right now Henry high keeps walking around with that big fat putpick in his here's sport Meyer cello hi no that's patriated american here yes sir i need your advice so uh i think you started with the great house yesterday at uh convince me that it's time for me to move out of here i'm surrounded by the direct subsciety in the trailer park trash yeah i've actually got a lot of trailer parks in uh four miles in north four miles in particular uh yeah we your uh your warm up the Neil Rogers want to be guy that we have on the local station he uh and i know it's entertainment but he got the thing going about great house and i couldn't believe the calls that were coming in really just unbelievable so all of the steel and my material on was that it oh he doesn't have any material uh uh that's not the point i can't go north and i can't go over on your coast over there i was always ready to want to move over here i thought it was always smugged you know i thought we had the best side of the coast over here but you just can't put up with these crazy people yeah uh the Dutch Caribbean uh you know you're not a big Caribbean fan but did you know that was Caribbean why now would you want to go there well i'd be in the saber no oh when you should go i highly recommend that's where i think i'm gonna go for what to live where is it oh it's uh it's close to Saint Martine uh it's the closest island to it and it's above uh Dominican but uh i got to have salt water i'm one of those kind of people but uh i was just wanting to get your general take on the Dutch Caribbean oh no not for me not for you thanks one of you like Holland so much you well i got news for the people in Holland who are from the Caribbean we don't want ones we're gonna send them back you know want those people there i get right my good luck sir and i'm saying uh yeah i know jeez oh well you'll find out for yourself i got a bunch of Dutch clients so uh you know they're good people but uh you'll don't never work for them okay okay all right well thanks for the amount of advice okay good luck okay you'll need it yeah he's going to twin it at and Tobago and the Surinam and all his other ago is your places okay we have two open lines in date if you move quickly five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line topic today is Neil racist is that it okay and do we care no okay just make it just check it and make sure five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line lots of comment on those two kids by the way that raped the eight-year-old half sister 15 and 13 years old and claim they saw something on the jury springer show that uh it was suggestive and encourage them to do it Hollywood Detective Curtain of our talk about the 15 year old he said he showed no concern there was no remorse he was very cool I have never seen anything like it I do like that for trailer park uh you huh? saw not a jury springer show anybody believe that? no here's coconut creek hello coconut creek who's got some of the crap on a radio turn up in the background open line it's rowered two and day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's Miami hello hello yes sir are you doing Neil okay listen I'm gonna go to the office subjects for like about a second I know you I hear sure the time you're always dragging on Columbus I just want to know what the problem with Columbus you know I know I haven't mentioned Columbus four times in a twenty two years I've been on the year it's interesting that you bring this down on a left field what is the problem with Columbus? I'm not on that what's the problem maybe you had a little problem in the Isabella maybe you're falling out with Queen Isabella's that's cool I'm talking about the high school what about it? I'm thinking that maybe you just sag it asking me there there you go how do we know that how did we know that little Julio's little bag Julio's okay they're got molested by their teacher at one of the local Catholic schools always calling here with their bag at this medical and medical and put out your kid and pal okay this is the guy that keeps sticking his all the holes in Westland there you go trace the call little Julio's with tiny pingas that's the problem pinga need this that's what they're known as by the way which are not to unlike what are those other things you just do out teacher run is he's out on it that's right he's probably got a little she's out on he is what he's got maybe he would like his number given out or maybe a little people wrong he what is his number three oh five three oh five four seven seven four seven seven 1786 there you go column up and see if his pepperoni is big enough for you okay four seven seven one what was it 1786 1786 that was a good year I wonder how Columbus was feeling then work wonders for the other fact at the we are right the other little baggage two open line see that's like I said this is what we get from our Hispanic community here on this show I've been here 23 years and I keep hearing oh this town wouldn't be nothing if it were for us and you ought to try some teach out on is it said about it so on and all we get I mean you know I'm waiting we got too many of you if you people out there you people may as in Georgia's people I keep waiting for like a call at like make some sense which has been a lot about two years since I have one that we can call that I can call man oh man just the same old little tired one dimensional a medical on that account you know not even another thing have like the thing said before it over communist the scream about now it's only medical on that account they're like one dimensional they keep looking in the mirror and repeating over and over a medical on that and so what's the 1257 to 560 WQAM the real Roger show now on 560 WQAF Miami Fort Loderdale oh boy it's the one to two hours and pup on dialgle 1977 you going to hell you got 404 error is mousse7 askingning about as you will be right there mousse11 remember Z Now, tomorrow, these are lovely gifts. The full boat will answer. From heaven, work more and work more. And the moon will open all of them. The moon will open all of them. While you see how many lights burn. And one will open all of them for a turn. They'll open all of them for a turn. And one will open all of them for a turn. Thank you, Dad. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. And one will open all of them for a turn. It is pretty fun as I hear. Man, man, I'm so much like my little girl. And one will open all of them for a turn. I'm so much like my little girl. Just in between, Dad. The on doesn't know just what I want. All go through so much fun ever. You're welcome. I'm so much like my little girl. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh four minutes after one at Jamessteep, after one at five,steep, in a brown tooth pap But he's coming along. He's a great guy. He came by the house yesterday brought me a New Year's gift, a anniversary gift, a who knows what, like all kinds of good stuff. And he also brought me the catalog for the Atkins products, which they got a great website according to Phil, www.atkinsetter.com. But I'm looking to the catalog, Atkins Diet Cheesecake, which if I never see another one, it'll be too soon. How much you think they charge you in here? For the Atkins Cheesecake, $5. Well that's what it is like in the store. But if you order some Dr. Atkins, a one and a half pound Atkins Cheesecake is only $25. Yeah, it says in here, if you were to buy a slice of Cheesecake in a good restaurant, it could cost you up to $10. Now you can buy a whole Cheesecake for yourself. We're just $25 and it's perfectly legal on the Atkins, one and a half pound. Is that a, is that like a big extraordinarily gigantic? Because I'm looking at the picture here, and it looks like a piece of Cheesecake, you know? Like an ordinary, one and a half pound, only $25. So, let me just do that. Yeah, button store. Two open lines in date, county, 567, 0560, Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Tampa, hello. Hey Neil, first time listening to First Time Color. Yes sir. Just wanted to let you know that I get some gin and real audio, my uncle is a big fan and I was down there for the Dolphins Playoff game. And the hockey game, which we saw you, you were sitting to be cornered from his teeth. And, um, but all you kept saying all weekend was, but it puts the lotion in the basket. It was the lotion in the basket. Yeah, exactly. Any of you would tell me about the, no, no. No, no. Rave about your shell and so he told me I had a tune in the real audio. So, um, I don't really have a lot of time to talk about, but I've been enjoying listening to you so far. And hopefully, uh, the other thing I did notice is I listened once and a while to the bottle after the earnings. Have a great day. Okay, listen, well, listen, have a great day and we'll see you at Stake and Shake. There we go again with that last of this stuff. We don't care. Sir, I love you. I'm glad you're listening on the, uh, thing, but uh, as soon as we hear that name, we start up chucking and, uh, yesterday and that flying saucer from Carvelle starts back up in my is Sophica's again, but have a great day and, uh, thanks for the call and do it again some time. Not too soon. We have an open line in Broward. But see what I'm saying every time we hear from anybody even close to Tampa, it's that awful last that are disease again. Oh my God. Wow. It's enough to just, uh, make you lose your brain. Jesus Christ Almighty. Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Exactly. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Happy new year. Uh, lived down here on my life. It's been up in New York for a couple of years and down here visiting and such a breadth of pressure to hear you. Yeah, thank God for me, man. Thank God, this place you got a place with floor right off into the Caribbean. Well, we'll go back up tomorrow and unfortunately won't be able to, well, I could catch them there, I guess. Yeah. But, uh, this one of the thank you's always speaking your mind and, uh, you are an institution. Not, that's where I'm going to be. In an institution. Okay. But, uh, anything closing? Inclusive. Inclusive. Or you can eat meat growth. Is that a question or statement? Okay. We have an open line at Broward one in date. Five six seven, five fifty pound five sixty got a AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers. Hello. Me, you, is it? Okay. Great. Big fat pig. Was on the wrong line or what? I guess maybe it was on the wrong line. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers. Hello. Here you go. Yes, sir. Okay. You forgot one of the greatest racial slurs of all time. Good. Okay. Well, I'm sure you people over at N. West Coast would know it. Okay. Open lines in date two five six seven and both. This one and two are. Maybe this is the biggest. Who are that? Five six seven, five fifty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's West Kendall. Hello. Meal? Yes, sir. Yeah. I want to answer that little, uh, spit, call about Columbus. Yeah. The one thing, Columbus. Well, I want first of all, why will you dignify that? That's one of our chronic cranks. Why would you dignify him? Well, just for for any of those other that may not know about Columbus. Yes. Columbus didn't discover anything. There were millions of people living here. Very, very kind. He was talking about Columbus High School is what he was talking about. Oh. Well, okay. Okay. Have a nice day. Like I said, it's the one that's sitting back in the chair and I'm going to digest my blind sausage from Carrell and pretend I'm still eating them and have a big smile on my face. See, every day it's like, you know, it's like a race car driver. I don't want to mention no names, but you just wait for that moment when you run into smack of that big brick wall. You know, air me day sooner or later, many days sooner, some days later like today. And you just run smack of that big wall. It's like, oh, man, like, just jumping into a pile of cement. 560, 50560, and we sure had plenty of the chew on here today, but these people are not chewing on it. Maybe they're coming it. There's smoking it out in the air. 1, 2, 3, 4, one, 10. Okay. Okay. Those. 2020 Becoming a I've got to cut the foot too much fine. I'll lose your line with the loser. Everybody out here is broken fine. I saw the flying tail in the middle of the middle. Yeah, this was my second. I got to fly. I got to fly. I got to fly. I got to fly. I got to fly. I got to fly. Yeah, yeah. One for ten is five sixty wqm your sport of sessions of sex upstairs. No one would dare to be needy. Like there's my right. Gun turner and day to be mediocre. We have an open line in day one and Brian. Now what's the phone number that got with the piano that wants to be an entertainer because obviously he's only got one song for me. But maybe he's got a whole bunch of different songs sitting there at the piano like Victor Borger or is it liberal acy? Well for you. What do you'll find? 305. 448. 448. 6450. 6450. And maybe he'll like to think a lot of video in the piano too. Same old tired craft day after day and they get all their paraphernalists set up and they're a little a sound effect. So they sit there. You know, I'm around here for like a half a second. Or maybe if I'm just happy to be able to write mood and don't get on it all. Talk about wasted effort. Talk about wasted space. Talk about oxygen that could be agreed by living and breathing worthwhile creatures. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. And back to you. We're on about the NBA. I could care less. They might be in the face. I have no. No, they slap you. You slap them back. Exactly. And as far as the two beasts did what they did to their half sister. They are beasts. They should be treating like animals. I feel. And as far as labels, you know, this country's got to get over-label. But it never will. But you know, somebody's obsessed. The whole system in this country is based on categorizing and labeling people. I know. And it's wrong. It's totally wrong. Like I'm a Navajo Polish American, which is kind of written on it. Yeah. We call ourselves Scroat-em-Poles. But I mean, no. There's so many people that everything has to be labeled and looked at in this way. Just there's good in their spad. That's it. Yeah. And there's like you. It's my right. Yeah. And you know, I think if everybody can get along with that and just leave everything else. But they can't. Well, don't even want. So you see in Europe? Not on see it. You don't see that in Europe? No. I have. I've seen it in Canada. I looked up the new feeling for a while. Well, I mean, yeah. But I don't see it in Toronto. Well, up in Newfoundland. They, uh, there was a little bit of animosity towards what they call the eggs, which were the Americans. Yeah. But it wasn't too bad. I mean, you know. And they just would, you know, off the flag. And they're not being Toronto. I see all kinds of different people who all seem to get along pretty well. And they don't, uh, they don't have any labels. Well, that's what I'm saying. There are Chinese Canadians. And there's no African Canadians. Well, that's what I'm saying. There's the frogs. But that's a separate category of a creature. That's what I'm saying. I've been Canada and Europe. They don't have the money. That's what I just said. Okay. Have a great day. We have two open lines in day five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18. And two wildifying. This guy just that refuses to understand. That's the American fucking way. Doesn't get it. Here's a mobile in a pompot OB. Oh, Neil. Question for you. I know you like Vegas. Have you ever been over to Atlanta in the Bahamas, the news since it opened? And I wouldn't go to the Bahamas if they paid me to go there. They're taking me a thousand dollars gambling money. I would not go there. Why is that? Because I hate it there because it's a, it's a grotesque. It's ridiculous. Might have like also been a douche bag. No, well, what does, what does that mean? Well, well, why are you asking me that question? I was curious. I'm thinking about going over there. And I'm just not here. Your opinion. Don't do it. Okay, we have an open line in Broward 2 in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Margade. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. Like what is the, uh, tap of that. Happy New Year. And back to you, sir. Talk to us. Uh, let's talk to something about something really important. You think three rumors are true or not? Do I think what? Pop out. Yeah, sir. How do I know that? How would I know that? Do I think it's like people are called to the sports shows? You think the accused is going to win the penalty against? Well, you know, I can make up any kind of story that I want. I have no way of knowing. I don't know. Would I like to be true? Of course, I would love that pop-held brewery. But I'm not going to get excited about the brewery, but about the BM boys. Because so far, uh, this year, especially they show me nothing. In addition to which I'll guarantee that if they are true, if they really are working figure, they just happen to be in Vancouver. Now, he's probably talking to Brian Burke around the clock. And if they happen to be true that they're working out of it, I don't think Brian Murray even he isn't stupid enough to get caught with his trades down again after the Richter deal and the potpan deal. And all of that get out in public. Because if he gets shot down again, I don't think he wants us to know about it. What a shot, huh? Here's Fort Myers, hello. I know. Yes, sir. Is everybody, anybody ever presented a third to you that you could possibly be African-American? I mean, after all, most has did lead the Jews from Egypt and Egypt to the part of Africa. Yeah. Therefore, all Jews would be African-American. Right. That's what I said. That's why Black people ought to be a colonist of Jews. Okay. Thank you. And put on your Galashes, too. I'll order you at it. Two open lives in the day, five, six, seven, five, sixty. What's wrong with that? The Galashes they have in many of the OP and don't they? These are Galashes? All right. Everybody's got to have a title. Everybody's got to have a fancy name. Everybody's got to have a category. Everybody's got to be in a little compartment. All of our fiscal pages, who Lutherans, who are Orthodox Jews, who are a far-bisc enough guy? Who are whatever the hell we are? I don't have the, I listen. I live too long. I don't have the patience for it. I don't have the time for it. It is a waste of my time and your time and everybody's time. Oh, I'm an African-American. If I had a dollar for every goddamn time I've had a call, if somebody came on a phone and started, I'm an African-American. Okay, great. So we'll send you a, you know, from fried chicken. I mean, what does that mean? What does that mean? Can't you just be somebody out there making a call to a guy named Talk Show? Can't you just be that? No. Man, you talk about being obedient and subservient. It's scary. It's terrifying. But then again, all you gotta do is go to a sporting event and see though, they crank the music up and everybody responds. Just look like Tom Aton's. Just like you're on the end of a bunch of strings like a bunch of Marionettes. Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad. Hey, dad, dad, you know. Now, at least, at least in some of the other places, like in Denver and going to Colorado, like the Abelites game last night, you notice, they don't play that song. They play that collegiate song, but they do it upright. They know how to do it in a little creative. Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad. Give us that plug where we're going to sit. Dad, dad, dad, dad. And they say, Panther is shocked. Or whoever is the teammate. Duck's shocked. You know, whatever the team is the Abelenture playing, the fans are a little creative. Yeah, it's a beautiful thing. As opposed to this. Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad. It's opposed to this thing, and they all respond just the way they're programmed to respond. And you wonder why there's so many guy damn sheep and religious effects raised out there? Why each and every one of them in these big businesses have got so many followers? They stamp them out like these people were so, like she was spitting out those octublets. Like those people who are spitting front of me at the hockey games, like she's spitting out babies evidently. Like, one every five minutes. I would be surprised next week at the Toronto game. They got 20 kids sitting in their lap. I'm going to tell you if there's any hanky panky in that road during the Maple Leafs' Panthers game next Wednesday. Believe me. Here's a mobile in, because I know the security guard to go with a fanny pack. He's going to fix me up good for that game. Mobile and pepper pine, shall I? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, happy New Year. Happy Chevalous. Yeah, I got one for him out here and pepper pine's on the right. I'm driving down the road. You know, I used to those bumper stickers that say, my son, Mediana roll, and all that crap. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I got one. I'm going down the road. There's my son, maybe, inmate of the month, the day correctional. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Okay. I put the bell Florida. Uh-huh. Okay, beauty. Okay. We have an open line in Broward. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. In fact, how about a bumper sticker that says, my son beat the crap out of some kid who was on an honorable student at the, uh, so until elementary. There you go. Oh. Here's a mobile in the four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. The Chinatoma happening here in 1999. See you. I'm not how you doing. That's okay. How you doing? Okay. Just get back some Vegas. Had a great time out there. My culture earlier before, um, so Dennis Rodman over to Hard Rock has been with Caramel Leacher. Uh-huh. Pretty interesting. Um, well, I'm hoping I wanted that pretty interesting. Well, we've had her not, you know, you know, could there's Caramel Leacher, right next to Dennis Rodman for a little bit. You know, she's trying to get his attention and he just like totally blows her off. Okay. Um, he, she's, she's painted attention to about three other girls who are sitting at the black check table there. Yeah. Here he is Dennis Rodman with about, I would say probably, I'd say about a stack of 105,000 dollar chips with gambling, playing black check there. Um, and these girls are like really talking to him, really talking to him. Caramel's sitting in the back there going, what the hell have you been those doing to him? And everything new I was, she gets up. I mean, and I mean, okay, look, I'm glad he had a good time. Okay, here's the guy I went to Vegas, said it's a hard rock cafe and watched Dennis Robben and Robben and Caramel Leacher. And that was his idea of a good time. Oh, boy. We have an open-line at Broward, 560, 560, 560 on the AT, T-T wireless line, man, oh, man, oh, man, oh, man, oh, man. I'm going to go home and nail 10 misses on my door frame, different case. Because they're out there now, they're on the loose. Air of East Street Corner, air of East Goddam, looking, cranny, air of convenience, door of every gas station, they're out there, just like this guy. Oh, boy. Spend his time watching Dennis Robben. If Dennis Rodman was across the hall and the devil of paper, push your people's place, I wouldn't walk across the hall to see him. I wouldn't waste a gas to fart in his face, okay? But this guy again obsessed with celebrities. Oh, it was Dennis Rodman and Caramel Leacher, yeah, okay. And, and here's home's dead, hello. Well, my own nail. Yes, sir. It sounds like you. Yes, sir. He just a long time listener, first time caller. I have a comment on the end day. You're absolutely on target and about the end day. These guys make enough money. I was open to seeing when he comes back home. They make enough money? Yeah. And you can hell of a lot too much money. Yeah, more than like your take reach on that one, where it says more than 10 minutes and you'll see in a lifetime. Right. But my other comment. I have a little bit of a connection if I can on the first team with a guilty in the rest. Yeah. Oh, guilty definitely. He's got to go magic kingdom for him on the way in. You can listen to him. And as far as people, he, he, he, he, he, he, he. With him, he is a connection with him and as far as the NBA. You, the other day he was advocating on the first team show that they had a continuous season to see if the tournament was a real winner. Is there enough already these guys are doing? I mean, people was on there like and who's about the fact that they're playing this crap that you want to. You want to let me take you to the inside reason why. Okay. I was going to listen to me. Okay. When the dolphin season ends, which probably will be this weekend, but maybe not. But what it ends, it'll be soon. Don't you understand that after that, this is a 20 hours a day. This is a sports station. Do you realize that if they wouldn't have brought the NBA back just for a short time, at least, they would have nothing because the only thing that would be going out would be hockey. And as you know, there is nobody in his town who can talk hockey and tell us that he except me and then nobody after we really know anything about it. So they would have nothing to talk about. That's why he's got to put on his act. Like isn't it great that the NBA is back in business again? No, but here's common to not crack me from our, our, our, our, our, our, our Stanford, I should have said that it was in regards to college ball. And yet he was over there contacting the fact that those, those, those theaters ball that was over endorsement, that that was in the area of college ball. That he wanted to see a season of extended like, you know, with a, with a playoff system. And I think that would only just go for the gambers and all. Let me say this to you. Okay. What difference does it make? Who cares who the national champion is in college football? Who gives a flying cramp? Maybe people are like overgrown children. Why would anybody care if tenant? I mean, Tennessee does anybody care about Tennessee? Oh, even their uniforms are ugly, right? Who cares about Tennessee? And I've been harping on this and harping on this. What's the point? What the, and especially in college football of all the things, collegiate sports where they all play different schedules against different girls teams. They have to put a couple of girls teams in there. You know, like a, no today, I'm always plays the military schools, a couple of Pan D teams, so they can wake up a couple of easy win. It's a joke. How can you determine when you've got all these different schools, playing all different kinds of competition and then say, although this team is the best, yeah, right, right, because they want to one game. It's a, it's an eotic. So enough already, okay. Good. Go back and crack the books and learn something. I'll give brilliant college students. 127 that. Oh, yeah. He's a fifth year senior, a majoring in, you know, a science. You know, any fifth year seniors majoring in science? Fifty years senior and you people out there like, oh, yeah, it's great. It's one of all. Yeah, come on. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Jesus. He'll rock your eyes. Thank you. Are you tired of that neighborhood bully? Yes, don't worry. Lunch money. I shut up kid and tell him, want to hold a male next time. Next time, fight back. But he's bigger than me. No, no, no, just tell mom. Next time she hits the candy aisle as a grocery store. Pick up a pack of new, shi-cat candy bars. Shi-cat? Yes, it's a new candy bar. Bead entirely from recycled cold und. Guaranteed to turn your stomach. So next time. All right, kid, give me a lunch. No, no. Please don't take it. Just shut up and hand it over. Okay, here you go. But whatever you do, please don't eat my candy bars. Hey, whoops. Ah, let's taste like shit. So you want my lunch tomorrow too? We have a lunch. You got a little lunch. When you take the bite of that, just get far. It works the lotion in the basket. It's 132 at 5.50 WCM. Here's a facts from Frank who says, I've been living close to Liberty City for 27 years now. What's known as a Cuban American. I was born here in Miami. My parents were born in Cuba. My grandparents were born in Spain. But after all that, I'm an American. Why do people from other nations hang their nation's flags on their cars? Podes jewelry and on polls. Well, you need money or benefits from our government. They hang the American flag high and proud. Excellent question, Frank. How about this racist issue? It might job like three every one exactly the same. Because I believe we're all here to make a living. And everyone has an exact right to live. But when I leave my job at the end of the day, I go see my white girlfriend. And hang out with my wife for and watch her only hockey because it's my preference in my business to do so. It doesn't mean I'm racist again. I've been living here for 27 years or so by black. When I was in high school, I used to watch basketball and football all the time. I don't anymore because I got tired of the dancing. I'm Joe watching hockey because when player score goals, they all huddled and congratulated each other in excellent teamwork. One last thing, the preference to be with your own kind will never disappear. Even if the world had just one race, human beings would still separate fat people from them. People thought people from short people attracted people from the last track of people, etc. Thank you for keeping software to wake one of your favorite friends. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'll just keep going. I'll just keep going. So anyway, guess what I'm eating now? What's your job already, season? Why not? I mean, you can't just use your palette with a couple of flying sauces from Carvelle. And then you have a few bags of famous and his chocolate chip cookies. I didn't even need them the other day that I did. Did I eat them? No. So I saved them for 30 days. 30 days all you can eat sugar day. Didn't you know that? Huh? If you were a green shirt on Thursday, that means all the sweetness you can put in your mouth. But you're wearing the purple shirt. How do you know? That's only from the eyes of the beholder. It looks green to me. Well, when you eat this much sugar, I mean, I didn't say it was green, but I put it on. Here's Miami. Hello? Yes, sir. Oh, I know. I was a girlfriend. I were a reunion arena watch that Dallas stars play. Yes, sir. But they got only five losses. Oh, my god. I had to kick in as Jesus Christ already. Really exciting to watch too. 56 points. They had the same. They played the same music there. That's the same music that they play here. And oh, they played almost everywhere. Yeah. No. No. But they weren't there. No. They played. They have that. They hate us. They can't stand it. In between the periods that goofy stuff. They have the same stuff. And then they had a guy sitting in the Zenbo de shooting. Oh, and by the way, I'm so glad you mentioned about what goes on in between periods. There may be you're aware. If you don't know if you go to the Panther games here. But the ice at the Mac Arena is some of the worst ice in the history of the National Hockey League. It's so chewed up and so bad. It's like trying to play hockey on cement. Okay. Now, it's last game. It's better not bad enough to do all this other stupid stuff between periods to make the ice even worse. Last game between the second and third period. They bring out a real car to lead out a bunch of little cars. And they have a contestant. You know, with some stupid contest trying to weave the little cars around these barriers. And I'm telling you, by the time they finished with this crap, they had chewed the ice up so much. The guys might have all of this as well gone home. You know, they don't care about the game. They figure the fans don't care. So why the hell should they? Yeah. The difference. The crowd was a lot louder and a lot more active. Well, that because they understand the game because they're into it. Yeah. And they're carrying down that arena. They're getting a real arena right. They're for this kind of. Well, it is their one. We didn't deserve one because we got a bunch of socializers here. We got a bunch of schmoozers. Right. We'll keep it up the other day. Okay. See you. We got a bunch of schmoozers. Let's go to the macarine and schmooze. Okay. And run around like rumple stillskid on drugs. In fact, why? How come they don't have like a cotton candy stand out there in the hallway? How that's pure sugar? Get all the kids hyper in the running around and bounce them off the walls. Of course, in my world, we don't need that. Open line a day five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. We got a hand coming up top of the hour. Got the Jimmy Johnson one hand. Good five. Booster with six with the Euro-Connacle Care and Ed Kaplan for all you can Pulse of Gambers out there who need serious ass assistance. He'll be along at 10 tonight. Here is the mobile informyers. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. First of all, I wanted to tell you that their song parody to go in the Caroline in my mind is probably the funniest radio I've ever heard in my life. Okay. But also I wanted to tell you that we eliminated completely all racial terminology from the language. We couldn't write any new paths over songs because there's only one word that runs with months of. Oh, I see you. Yeah, I see that other. Ever thought about that? Oh, we got excellent point. Some people go with lots of, but that's too much. Come on, Laka. Well, that's really right. How about Kishka? I know what the line but I'd cheer like some. I love it. Okay. Happy point. Got to go with spots. Okay. Let's all go with the. We have an open line in the Broward 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the famous A&S line. Well, I do love these. You know, you know, see I didn't smell these first. Huh? Hmm. What? I've got nothing for all the people I've got. You're going to die. So I call a cab for you. You're going to be able to drive home. But you out of your mind. What's wrong with you? Why is such an emotional spick? Isn't that redundant? Emotible spick? I'm serious. It may be this is going to be the return to corner. The only time we had about your Julio's calling on the show since I've been on a station who had anything to say was when we were, what's with that thing about anal sex, which I didn't bring up either way. All these allegedly straight guys out there. Oh, and in the students we had that topic going for a couple of days. Air v Julio in the world. Oh, yeah. Mayo female Julios Julio. Yes, someone out here. What they were? That's their area of expertise. Is the human rectum? Well, not necessarily human. Why do you think they got all those dead goats on the front lawn? Okay. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Happy Thursday, you. Back to you. Well, I got to call it a week for you. You know what the NBA stands for? Okay. We have an open line in a day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pump 5, 60 on the AT&T world. Let's see. I rest my case. There's another one. Not one of your people. A little comedian. Got a search party. They're digging in the middle of that forest. Can you look for something? Here's a mobile lake or a fellow. You know, high-reference. You know, observation on labels is a tiny Americans, you know, more things. But there's no Jewish Americans. And I want to be fair to what Jewish Americans use. It's the only religion that has a mark of the poor that country that I know. Well, I didn't realize that Tanya and the Polish were religions. No, not religions are country-horrorisms. But if you thought about it, African Americans are tiny Americans, there's no Jewish Americans. Yeah. I recommend you. Yeah. I'll am a Jew American. How do you like that? Okay. Okay. I woke up this morning. I invited it. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. I woke up this morning like that, uh, charter that called now in half ago. He invited African American. Well, guess what? I invited Jewish American. How do you like that, Mr. Ath? How do you like it? Oh, I knew you'd like it. In fact, I'm going to high-meat Thomas as soon as I leave here. We have an open line in the day five, six, seven, five, sixty, and pound five, sixty. On the AT&T wireless line. 21 till 2 a few AM. See, sometimes sugar makes you feel good for a little while till it sets in, then you start getting ahead and get them real sick. What? There's nothing wrong with a few bags of famous antics. You don't think I'm going to just eat that one, do you? I got to have a couple bags for the road. Once every now and then you have to have a dare to like this and get it out of your system, and then that tie it over for another few hours. Atlantic, where ATV all from then. I'm dreaming of a white neighbor just like one guy you know. Grab along this work trip and with our red rims. So there is all you'll go. I dream and a white neighbor with every force you'll sign on the ride. So there's a poor question, but you rather have a whole bunch of immigrants from Sweden or from Africa. That's a poor question. It's all done. You know what the Sweden is? A lot of drinking problems. 16 till 2 at 5. 60 WQA in. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hey, come with me. Okay. Listen to me. I'm back on fourth and to tell you the truth, you know, it's just a little bit. Well, to tell you the truth, you know, I it was so I got a hand that I have a coworker Neil. He told me that church is probably taking the day only in the blackfold town because it's owned by the KKK to keep the black folk out of the white folk town. I thought churches chickens out of business. No, that's still in business. Very much. I just wanted one out of business. Boyjango. Oh, boyjango. Yeah. Boyjango. You believe that thing, Neil. You believe the racial thing just goes as far as that. No. I mean, this is unbelievable. You know, I'm a who I get along with black Jamaicans. Why? You got to stand a good side to make it. Yeah, I would weed money. Yeah, I've got the real good stand. But it just gets way out of hand, Neil. And I just wanted you to know that because, you know, when I heard that that was. Now, to forget about that, let's talk about the importance of like teach out on this. Teach out on this? Are they good? I don't have it. Oh, well, you like more see you? I've been more see out on over yet. Yeah, more see you. Good. Marseille Clark. No. Yeah. I just like to call Mike my friend at Duskberg and wish you happy new year. And back to you. And Michael played the old man named Eisen. Okay. But I need a car alone. Okay. I want to have for your cheeks out on you. Yeah. We have an open line on the Dave County lines here. Five, six, seven. Oh, you know, are supposed to play today. And I forgot all about it. Well, you know, when you get old and seen off, and you start feeling your body up a lot of that sugar. Where now is it? That Arnold thing. What does that call? It's called Axel. Is it? Yes. It's called. He's the biggest man. Tony is rocker at all time. And he's not taking any prisoners. He's Axel's fortune. Well, come to this jungle. He got one end game. He got everything you've got. He blew your own. He's a real man. Axel's fortune. He's all pumped up and ready to rock. He's going to take me down to Canada, Italy, to the classes, green, and the girls are pretty. Or I'll stick it for an egg, lunch or a sunburn. It's a military industrial strength rocker roll. The way only animals, what's an egg or can challenge? Good, one. Oddly, John Claude Van Damne is a. He's given to Carl as a kid with a pony tail. The only reason I did a film with his veto is because he put somebody's gun. It's actually a sportsman. He exclusively on a turbinator CD is rendered in the sense. If you don't find this album, I'll fix that. This is an egg. It's one forty seven or at least a stand-up guy anyway. One forty seven and five fifty WC man. By the way, I'll tell you who's at least consistent. But it makes me sick to my stomach now and I never want to see him again. Have you been seeing all the puff pieces they've been doing on a movie with? You know who with the red nose? I don't want to say robin Williams. You know, I'm going to, I used to like robin Williams about ten years. I'm not talking in movies. They're all the good morning Vietnam I did like. But other than that, every movie he makes is worse than the preceding one. And I wouldn't watch whatever this new movie is. But if they keep you know, hype and get the hype again. Showing your clips from it. He plays the same character all the time. He's always robin. But yeah, and even when they interview him, he's always doing that same thing with a silly boy. Said, no. And they just they're in love with him. They're obsessed with him. And every movie he makes now is a big bomb. I mean, so worst. Here's Miami. Hello. That's you. What's the name of that? Anyoxidin book you're talking about? Oh, it's called the Super Anti-Oxinants and it's by James F. Bals, BALCHMD. It's a hardcore. It's a new book and it is. I know I'm pretty skeptical on this book too because there always put in all these different Orval things out to make a lot of money. But man, this stuff is pretty good. Yep. You try it, huh? Yes, sir. All right. Thank you. Okay. It's helped me. I'm telling you my blood pressure is way down. I'm at a patient's like, cut it way way to hell down. And what else? And my blood sugar. It's like a miracle. In fact, I'm going home today and I guarantee you if I, Seriously, I had that point yesterday of Ben and Jerry. And this is probably the worst in there ever happened. Because now that you find a crunch like this that straightens out your system and my pulse, that's the most important thing. Because a couple of years ago after about three or four years ago after my doctor gave me a few of those Ben Ben. Just a few. And my pulse rate. I mean, just skyrocketed. Bad. So I stopped taking him, huh? Thank God. But I hear. Yeah. And in any way, like, I mean, like, you know, I'd walk around a little bit. My pulse would be 97. 92. 89. That's not good. That does not be hell. I know I'm out of shape and the lectures. But even so, that's bad. And just taking the great grape seed extract and the coq10 enzyme in my Kyola. Kyola, a garlic stuff. Uh, 72, 68. Which were a fat-old slab like me is pretty goddamn good. So I've gone doctor ball to over to how you are whatever you're peddling. And at least doctor acnes is on cheesecake for 25 bucks. Can you believe that? What kind of a moron buys an atkins cheesecake for $25 fat moron? Here's Miami, hello. Miami? Going one, going twice. Okay, blowing out your ass. Mobile in the Delray Beach, Chila. Hey, Neil, you didn't like robin' limbs in the Fisher King? The Fisher King, I didn't see that. He was our right net. It was out of the lab. The lab at Williams is an actor, forget it. He, they find him the worst roles. And he's always the same thing. He's the only way to the same clown, huh? He's really different. Well, I'll take you away. I don't want to. I never want to see robin' Williams again. Have you seen this new movie that they're hyping now? No way. Where he plays the silly doctor with a clown nose. Oh, my god. I mean, talk about neurotic. The doctor is last movie, wasn't he? I don't know. Yeah, you were talking about it. I don't know. Watch his movies. I can't stand him. You know, I was at a windyxie yesterday. I couldn't. I'm glad. I first thought was really disgusted about the NBA being back. And then I was glad after this happened. I guess this guy was a player because I needed change. And he couldn't make change. Yeah. Didn't know how. Thank God that he'll be feeling his rage for this. He'll put that jackstep on. He'll be feeling the change. It's not like I gave him like three cents extra when it's like 10, 28. Right. Like even 20 years. Yeah. It's kind of bad too because now the new registers, they all show your homestreams. And they still can't figure it out. He couldn't. He couldn't count it. Yeah. He had to get help from someone else who worked out. Well, he, but he sure can't multiply. Okay. We have an open line at Broward 2 and day five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, and time five, six. On the 18, two, wireless line. Not a tremendous amount of enthusiasm about the NBA except the course for the sports and their done his stations. We've got to have something to talk about. Why do you think people want more Collins football games? You know, drag it out. Have a play off play a few more games because it's a food for the bottom of your line is doing. Crime out a lot of people who haven't had the NBA goal enough for a little while. What the hell would they have? Hockey to these people on his station or anything about hockey? No. The people on his town care about it? No. So, well, there you go. Nine minutes before two at five, 60 WCWM. How about that, Dan Kloochay, by the way, to Rangers? He can't play the great, but he sure looks good.