Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale through then the Neil Rogers Show To talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone The opinions of Neil his guest callers or anyone else on the toilet and not necessarily reflect those of W2AM Beesley read applications or the Beesley broadcast group Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-18 Anybody have a heart or a liver? No All right, you Who's party's home? Must take it slow Broke your inside Don't say With even still Or grandmas Or even Neil Jones Treat You're there for a while No treat like hell It'll surely go back Oh please Just keep it clean You can't be thick You'll need a donor Don't you ever party hard If you do, you could die Or just wait in a while You can't stop I can't get this trust Beesley broadcast That's the set part of a good people die in a miserable no good piece of crap David Crossbeast still alive Well, close to show you the Lord works in mysterious ways Don't he? So it's 1002 at 560 W2AM Boy that was sure thanks to weekend wasn't it? Man, that just flew right on by Can we have a weekend this while? No thanks So I think we just passed It is spring by the way I got some real real interesting news This could be good news or bad news It could be good news I'm starting to really like the new studio It's by the way And I want to say that too loudly And also this is V Day Before again, do this whole thing about spring It's spring and everybody is on the way out of town Yeah, you know that once the season It just keeps getting shorter And shorter you know what I'm saying Like as you get older Certain other things keep getting shorter And shorter and shorter they can track They should develop into your body And the so-called Season down here Which used to run like from Oh, you know like the latest Thanksgiving Until in the May sometime in May Now it runs from like maybe Before lucky Christmas time Until soon as pace off and Easter come And issue that here like there's shot from a cannon It's almost over with Which we're not not that we're complaining You see that it's a blessing in the one side Because all the pain in the esterist All the frogs they're going away All the heavy duty traffic all the land And it'll all us We got enough bad drivers down here already Without that crap okay So that part of it there on the way up So it's just going to be us It's going to be like from the first of April All the way through till what is it again December Just like last summer I'm used to that you know we can just throw the phone on the floor Forget about that Although if we can get one call now What can anybody give us a spy report Is Henry Burrow still on the ear Do we have any uh no this morning I was flipping around on my dial Desperately I mean searching Desperately searching Remember that song desperately searching for something On AM Well I mean I don't want her about the you know this sports cramp Jesus Christ The only sport we care about in the show is wrestling I've got a great thanks about that two by the way And guys you're not fooling anybody anymore I talked a whole bunch of people about that over the weekend They all said you're right 95% or more Every guy that you know 95% of them I'm sure the guy in that picture are straight as narrow But other than them What now maybe four or five other guys That I was talking about last Friday College wrestlers no almost no stray see these guys They just confused you know they just get sucked into it And then you know then eventually they say oh wait a minute There's something wrong going on here and they get out of it Get out of it before it's too late The other guys are like you know They want to grab your stuff Any guy that wants to grab your thing he's a faggot Take my trust me I'm telling you right now that's nothing complicated Why do we have people calling into beating that here on Thursday and Friday Oh sure so what what is it about on that so flip it around the radio this morning All right, I'll get back to the thing about the cleansing your liver This is cleansing your liver month You're watching your show and any of our sales holes by the way I think they're bringing any food in here that I'm going to eat between now and like the end of April Forget it blow it out your ass give it to fat boy And by the way fat boy, we don't want to see anymore But he coming here for this morning Without red face you know that's how he's getting real red in the face I think just before the end they get real you know anybody who's that fact just before they're about right to stick them into big piano case Is when they start getting real red in the post You're busy anybody get real red in the post That's the time to stick them in the box But at any rate that we don't want to see him anymore I thought I'm not talking about all about the Flip it around this morning And I'm looking for Henry a barrel on there to see if that show is still on And whether Mark Benson the umptious one is on with him I didn't hear anybody all heard with some awful sirpy sandy peat and promo and a couple of make believe spots for some witch doctors And they're segueing all this garbage music Johnny mattress and some other really grotesque stuff Then I punched over to J&A and I heard UGABUGA winneri all by him alone some just mwah as he said And you know it was what you'd expect I wish y'all luck in the world Mike you'll need it now He deserves better he's been screw over badly And I'm scouring that A&M dial that I heard Mr. Eagle for about three seconds talking about he's going to turn 60 years old A&A now That's going to be said there's a man if he should live so long when he's 90 of me just like Jerry Williams So have to die on the air Seriously Of course Walt's table of scoogery in the back so we can't die on here because they took him off before that happens But why would anybody want to do that? Why do people do that? It's like wouldn't it have been great if you lie at kazan and by the way his name isn't ealia even though he print you know years ago It was you lie it's kind of like a Tony door set Tony door set you know which way do we pronounce it this week depending on the artist formerly known as ealia kazan The backstab or formerly known as that piece of crap and I didn't watch any of the Oscars last night But this morning you see that's a good part about the Oscars it lasted four hours in two minutes you don't have to watch any of it Especially if you didn't see any of those movies anyway So what's the point you know You watch in the morning like on the today show this morning which I never ever watched because I can't stand either one of them is the Katy correct that's on there And Matt Laura oh God two of my least favorite and this morning they got that fat based rosio Donald bitch on there You know I'm gonna tell you something when you're as gross as she is And you go on TV with no makeup on she had no makeup she looked like they just rolled her fat porcias out of the sack That should be illegal Especially early in the morning so anyway they they replayed the whole goddamn thing just about they went back Air we got them applause everybody that far in the audience and then the thing about ealia kazan Who turned in all those comedy pink or back to the first said well, I don't think so and then they made them an offering couldn't refuse it. Okay, here's the names And some of the people got up and applauded and then of course that George Hamilton there's a there's a piece of crap You know something got father three he's the one God Not the dog Lucas. I mean, you know at least he you know never stole a freight train stole everything else But George Hamilton there's the way she had a stuck the glasses to his goddamn neck or something piece of crap He was the one and all of a sudden all alone a whole bunch of other ones. They're standing with engine carry you know silly goose And Nick Nullty and about you know 50 other people sat there with a grim look on her face And what's the point in fact? Why do they even waste their time with the whole thing what was the guy's in Roberto Benini the Italian The one three Oscars last night is a little who that is no why know who that is three Oscars. He wanted to see him In fact, they shouldn't give him a special Oscar for gymnastics He would jump it over the chairs. He was hopping over people's ass high-fiving with himself this guy would have oh my English ain't so good But it'd be better, but yeah, and go back where you came from okay. They won't take you back over there go back to the old country Robert Dobanini Maybe he's kind of a Roberto Bajio So I didn't see it, but I'm sure we'll get a call or two on it. We'd make get a call or two this week But my point being that it's really oh we're in the dog days now, baby Here's our this is gonna be our call today. Hello, I'm mobilin bokeh hello Mobilin bokeh I give you something else to talk about besides the Oscars today. Yes. I got a lot of other stuff ago head Okay, well, you know what to do with Jack the work you in today. Put him on trial for that murder For what murder he didn't murder nobody Well, you know something he just helped him along the way. That's a Oregon Washington Michigan has a system suicide laws Right, yeah, we need to explore the big time But you know, you're gonna spend a lot of my spare time if we get it going on the system We already have a system suicide laws are in court and meal. Yeah, they nailed license renewal to people who are 80 years old right That's a system suicide Right, you can't see sir. You can't hear Okay listen if they kick his ass out of the machine we're bringing him down here I'm gonna send him the airfare. Oh, and by the way, Duff if you don't pick out your desk today The offer is withdraw. Okay stop being a pussy. I'm buying you a beautiful desk If you want to sit in there like a little child with a little infantile desk You might guess with little folding chair that you pretend to be a desk if you want to get a nice desk from our friend Joe So, what is it? Roth office supply. I'll be more than happy but today is it? It's a limited time offer because you're too much of a pussy for me Why don't you go back to Canada you two bastard And now here's Timmy Dean founder of Timmy Dean forks hostage with a few words about new Timmy Dean vagal sandwiches Hello, I'm Timmy Dean. You know, I saw when it drove me a 25 years ago that I'd be making vagals I'd have said huh? That's due food isn't it but times have changed and I guess I've got to change with them But I don't have to like it. You people want your bagels. I'll give you your bagels Will the bagel grease this slab a Timmy Dean port sausage jotted new Timmy Dean non kosher bagel sandwiches If you're Jewish you can buy him you just can't eat it. Oh, you're eating bagel sandwiches There's a little bit of big it and everybody 15 at 5.50 WCM some leave it here on Friday driving on near Hershey highway The airport and I heard George talking about the Scientologist going to get us in a lot of trouble George. Do we hear? Yeah, no no, but then you write then it was an interesting call that you got from the guy who was like one of their former Dick's right. He was a private dick for the Scientologist and he's like, you know, left the organization along with a lot of others They got like 85 different websites people out of gotten out of that scam and are exposing them for the fakers and shakers and terrorist that they really are and killers like most religions But it's anyway, and I thought are we talking about is there a time you get on for like 20 minutes here He goes with that religion again religion again. Jesus Christ which reminds me a couple of ways to admit the hockey game before the game and all these nice people always come over and say hi It'll be for the game some not so nice and there's a young guy from my lives and key west was there with his father. I'd see about 20 young blonde guy I give him about a 25 on a scale of 10 good looking guy. Oh, seriously nice guy and he says I love your show I listen every day, but when you turn when you start with that religious stuff, I turn off because it's boring Now you don't think that just cause some young good looking guy comes over to me and says you don't want to hear about religion. I'm going to stop talking about it Do you? Oh well, huh? Do you think I'm that easy? So anyway, I'm going to well, I do have some religious stuff today. Well, it's great. And by the way, I talked I apologize See this isn't the Oprah show. I don't recommend garbage books like that. That bitch I was thinking coming to work this morning, you know, but it'd be like for the rosio Donald the crap that women watch in America That should tell you about them. And then maybe it's all the years of being repressed all those sexism in this country that's gone on solo And then being dominated by bull dikes, you know, pretending to be women's livers But the women in this country 80% of them totally screwed up. I mean their taste is in their torch, which makes guys like George lucky by the way, but nevertheless I mean just pathetic the crap that they watch but Oprah, you know in fact you go into a bookstore now And got a special section recommended by Oprah every major bookstores got you know that crap So you immediately run away from that because you know if it's recommended by Oprah it's guaranteed to be Right beyond a shadow but up. But I was talking about the Koonan and book was there's nobody in this audience that cares about that I've noticed that about Koonan and the rosio Donald stuff. It only happened part of it right here in town The whole town was mesmerized for a week on end. But nobody cares. That's all right. It's a fact thing But I recommended that book by Margaret Orth because that was the only one I knew that was out And I should have known what I got to that part where she couldn't figure out about the glory hole that that's not the book You know straight people you can read that book, okay? Because you're as naive as you you're cool as like she is So that's good for all you straight assholes out there, but for us queens there's a book that I picked up over the weekend called three month fever The Andrew Koonan and stray by Gary Indiana who's even better than boy Gary. Oh, just and if you look at the picture in the back before you if you don't know Gary Indiana take a look at her. I mean him. Whoo, but what a writer great writer unbelievable And here's the real story and by the way one more live from the Miami Beach police and the early East from the media anyway Remember when it was search in the house boat that night I was at the track with fatwitch that night that was during my seven month hiatus I was off here and had been following the story very closely and so anywhere worth the track and we'll watch in the whole thing on full on news channels in channel seven And then they come out of there breathlessly. Ah, there's nobody inside After all I crap remember the first reports of nobody inside so I get home and I turn it on and other talk about the body the button. I'm thinking what body? And then come to find out they find a body and they're running a bed upstairs. We know well, there was all the tear gas in it Then the this story was all the reason there was a confusion in the communication and also the fact that they couldn't identify my way because he blew his face off guess what Another lie in this book You know you don't have to this isn't really a glory picture. What you saying not that great not that much blood on it He looks just like Sam our promotions band by the way You know, thanks so he looks just like Sam the sham. Oh god Wow Ha ha ha ha ha Not that I wish anything bad on Sam Here it's his police exam and Kuranans body and house board bedroom and there he is better than crap And you got you know like blood on his chin and on his you know on his chest there and a little little bit of blood spatter on the headboard and the bed And here's this lady police brought she's whatever she digging crap out under under his fingernails whatever she's doing And there he is in a tin you know, I mean, so another lie But this book is sensational and there's some really forgetting about the subject matter There's some great stuff about religion here and the more every time I read a book that's written by somebody that's you know knows what the hell he's talking about I sit there and I ask myself how could anybody believe any of this crap, you know how could anybody with a brain believe any of this crap That's the reason I talk about it because it just does somebody somewhere has to Now this one today this morning they had some broad on their some comedian I don't even know who tells she was but she was good she was saying to a Katy Kurt Oh stop kissing ass already want your rips somebody for once in your life. It was great. You know Katy was in there Oh so it's so wonderful and her beautiful pink dress and yeah right great You know rips somebody open up a mouth and say something instead just being asked because as we already got Larry King he covers the territory for the whole world. You need one more ask kiss of you side Larry You don't talk in about Any more ask kissing this world that was funny anyway in this I'm just going to read a couple of passages from this book speaking of a religion This is beautiful stuff by the way very well. I put Talks about who man and going to a Philippines to visit daddy would slide the country and kind of like you know went back to banana boat land It's over there in the Philippines they have what Andrew called catholicism super unleaded and infectious blurring of faith in the everyday drama mass sightings of the virgin Weekly episode this stigma and holy water cancer cures every capsized fairy and typhoon was laid out in the book of revelation This is plainly as a third in the toilet bowl You turt I love it. What the alliteration. Isn't that beautiful? But here's good stuff. This is this is the listen very carefully or not better turn it off If you want to those people I can't handle it true It says Koonannins suspected that having seen and licked off his balls involved him in some type of mortal sin and just to be safe He confessed it to the following Saturday using the formula the priest at Saint Rose of Lyma seemed to prefer Alluding to an impure deed and letting the priest in for him at touching himself The priest did often ask you if you've done this with a friend whispered a few phrases about the dangers of impurity if you said yes Really the same phrases they said if you said no in a graver tone of voice how just pleasing impurity was to our Lord And how it gave more pain to Jesus and added more weight to his cross God that things got to be getting heavy by now, you know Most intense pleasures and even many mild ones were said to drive the spikes deeper into Jesus palms and feet to squeeze the crown of Thorin's deeper into his forehead In this instance Andrew was fine 30 heal Mary's in 10 our fathers and given absolution 30 was a lot Anything where your banana came into it would brought a miserable number of prayers into your penance and of course you had to kneel down and say them right then in a pew Picturing Christ getting triage and paradise valley emergency room for the trauma you'd given him because you might walk out of church and get killed by a truck If you had an incomplete penance, you're so much to purgatory for hundreds and hundreds of years A drop in a bucket of eternity, but really a long time for you purgatory was almost the same as hell only temporary You have to supposedly preferable to limbo where unbathed eyes souls went in limbo they got most of the benefits of heaven But we're forever denied the ecstasy of seeing God and we felt the first little Chinkin is armor or faith over just this issue For we couldn't conceive that seeing God in love itself would be such an amazing pleasure That it was worth burning in purgatory for a thousand years who souls in limbo immediately enjoyed a fairly lavish existence after death They went on forever without getting worse Unbelievable, the best the greatest the most beautiful stuff I've written a long time by your Indiana that's holy queen What beautiful stuff? And that's the first time that I've ever heard of that is that every time you commit some kind of a sin everybody this is Every cat-lick that it drives the nails deeper and it jete those wounds again though the way that that cross my God He may hit the ground and he said, look out He just hit it he couldn't keep it up and across either and there are people out there that believe this crap Now the interesting part I find about that is the part about the she I know about purgatory because I'm sure that I'm gonna be there just before hit the lake of fire But limbo the only limbo I knew was the limbo rock which I think is what you do one of the installer in order to stick your Fuck underneath to make market or happy. Yeah, is that what you did the limbo rock you had yeah I mean how else you stick your fucking goddamn stall Margaret I Wasn't there taken leak in our men's room down here before I came in here this morning and I looked at the I didn't go in there But I just looked we got a twin horror in there, you know two cedar and I looked at where that stall comes down Who just inches off the bottom of the floor and I thought to myself if there's any man taller than three inches that can stick his penis under that stall man Oh man give that man a prize Even even Ron Jeremy couldn't do that even that contortionists couldn't do that We got to hear about I've got to find out about limbo today. Did you know about limbo? I was raised cat let's I understand, but I mean I thought that was just a joke all the unbathed I thought that was like us being on this radio station kind of like being in limbo All the unministered just to all the unbathed babies all the you know all the slush pool They weren't good. They were saved. I thought that was purgatory What's the difference between limbo and purgatory or purgatory you can get out of the ventually? But limbo is the earth at your floating around traffic. Oh my god Oh my god. Wow Okay, so that takes care of that also last how about those Spartans out of like any sport intensive and how about my Spartans? Yo, do couple probably kick our ass but nevertheless final for this year baby. We're gonna kick some serious ass somewhere We'll be against do some day somewhere. Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello. I'm Neil. Yeah, I got picked up. I got picked up fast People call Neil. Really stole my son. I was gonna I was surprised it took you half an hour before you mentioned the the Spartan And I give a shot Neil I sure this isn't this isn't the sport you. I'm talking about things that are more important than some stupid basketball Well, I mean, there's your morning show. I listen to the work team six 30 Yeah, I was going on and on about a lot of the morning getting thrown out of the game I switched it off. I went back at nine. He was talking about the same thing. That's old news. Bye now Is that real old news? Well, it's from Saturday night. Yeah, it's old news. Yeah, I know and you find this the other new story The the wife of the child molesting bus driver from North Dave right Did your whole business and the reason Right, yeah the reason that has been the top of us. He's fell from grace You know, so he's gonna wind up in limbo if he don't cut it out Is that rational and bone-y? Yeah, he's gonna wind up right inside or zero and looking at apartment complex And Michigan State let's hear for the Spartans, but I want to talk any sports crap Leave it to the aqua told you before leave it to the other 20 hours on his radio station to talk sports crap man Because that's what it is got it is so boring and I'm scouring this morning desperate does anybody know if Henry Barr was actually on or is that Uh, huh? I never heard of word for anybody on at the supposed show. No anybody heard Reniri be side me for about two minutes is morning No good luck Mikey. You'll need about there Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their five old persons better? Well, I have the answer to your prayers from the makers of you think my martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy Crucifixion Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible and it's easy to play First someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it But be careful if you pick a wrong letter your little Jesus dog gets nail I'll take the desk Um, how about a chair? No, sorry Billy I'm sorry After three nails and one spirit of the chest everyone loses But don't worry in three days you can play again So run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of crucifixion why not play tonight? Comes with the small Jesus doll nails in a tiny spirit fake blood wooden frost and hammer not included crucifixion Oh, for out of eternity brother Drop that cross Jesus 2lay 1031 at 516 WDQM Purgatory and limbo that's our poll question today. Which would you rather be in? And which one are we all gonna wind up in? Are there really seriously are there really people? This is an honest to God question. Are there is there anyone in this audience who believes any of that crap? Who's really that stupid? I mean, I don't want somebody to say just because it's fashionable just because somebody said you're supposed to say that It's impossible for me to comprehend that anybody could be that stupid that they would believe such ridiculous Trights such crap such swill such idiocy such lunacy But every time you touch yourself it drives the stakes deeper into Jesus's hand and he's going like Oh, I'm coming he must be an in or of course, you know, Kunaana was big in the SNM So he must have really gotten off on that you don't say scored scored Order another one Oh, he's a Don't do it again. Don't touch it again Oh, wow No wonder there's so many screw up he just haven't trouble he can't would deal with all these answer people's prayers And deal with all these problems in the world he's having a hell of an uproar trauma Just hold that cross up it way so God damn let's now That thing must weigh about a trillion tons by now Somebody just touched it again Oh Christ Stop touching that thing God damn it Scored oh no, oh I'm any second that thing is going to hit the ground. What what happens when he drops the cross when it hits the ground That's when that guy goes over that one that hits the fan when the cross hits the ground Come on. I want to hear from somebody that can explain it with the difference between the pergatory and the limbo And somebody else that really believes in all that cramp. Oh God Go there and you open up your mouth and they stick that way for in your post and you'd reckon from that from that goblet That the priest has had his guilty lips on the same lips He's had on that that he's had on gut only knows how many alter boys And he's got those disease lips on the chalice and you're drinking on the drink and the wine out of it. Are you kids out there run like hell? Okay before it's too late And before they start to alter boys in your family Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Mobile in Miami. Hello Neil. Yes sir I know there's a cloud and a puratory thing if you're wearing a capillary I think a capillary you're in a scapillary Yeah, if you were that in your puratory you get out earlier. It's like a holy relief like a free pass Yeah, I'm silly. It's like I'm going to be like I'm real a fortune you get a free pass You know, it's some kind of a deer you get out earlier because when you confirm You're blacing over your head, you know the priest or the priest I only ask you something. I'm assuming that there's so many people in the world They must have this all figured out by computer right to keep track of it Now what's going to happen with the Y2K problem with this? That's probably the biggest thing we ought to be worrying about Oh, well, go to the end God doesn't worry about things like that. Oh, yeah Yeah, I have that in the a wood and head and Ellen That's our best couple. Are you out that one? And H. and Ellen with the best. Best best dikes. There would name best dress couple. That's right They did that the picture home and then I'm going to. Excellent. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. A couple of bull dikes. I'm tired of dikes to be honest with you. I know we got dikes listening to the show And I love you and all that but I'm really tired of bull dikes. Pretend you'd be something else Although they can't pretend anymore because that show was dying and I thought they might save it and guess what? Wrong again. Nobody want to see a goddamn sitcom about a couple of dikes. 560 and 560 and 560. I mean, you want to watch a sitcom about dikes? Of course not. I look good. They didn't look good. No. They looked like crap. They look almost as bad as Rosie O'Donnell. You know, it's like what I was doing at short live TV show and an awful whammy thing and I got awful make the leave TV station people call him to Oh, you sure are ugly. Well, guess what? Tell me people on television and why don't we? In fact, usually that's the key to success. Look at that hunchback Larry King with those suspenders. That's ugly, baby. Look at Rosie O'Donnell. Look at Roseanne. The ugly who are usually the more successful you are if you're on a real station. You women out there watching Rosie O'Donnell. I'm telling you, man. You should be free. Maybe only in the leg for a beginning but get free now. We're gonna choose a pig. She's disgusting. She has no talent. She can't act. She can't sing. She's not funny. She looks like crap. She looks like Elsey the board and Calon a bad day. But other neck. What a talent, man. Rosie O'Donnell. You see what I'm saying about hype? All you got to know is it's just a matter of luck. Blind luck. You fall into a bucket of crap at the right time. You get the right agent. You get the right PR machine behind you and the sky's the limit. Because like somebody wants to. I think it was Greg Reed. You can sell a public any kind of crap you want. And then you can put their spots on the exhibition ball games if you look. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I nailed this is Frank Oliver. I called him last week. I'm a former member of the Church of Scientology. Yes Frank. I was a former investigation officer and I'm currently actively fighting the Church of Scientology. Yeah. I heard your call with your attorney. Yeah. They're currently involved in some litigation and several parts of the country where they're fraught as being exposed. Yeah. You're in Florida and Clearwater. They've been charged with two criminal counts for the death of a girl named Lisa McFierre. Yeah. You're repeating the same thing to me that you said the judge on Friday. Yes. I heard that. Yeah. There's a court case coming up right now that some people might not be aware of where all the copyrights of the Church of Scientology is claiming are theirs. I've actually been in the public domain. So they're going to lose their ability to sell the super secret levels about Z. New and the body Satan. Oh brother. What are we going to do then? Well, they claim that someone they've exposed to the super secret level before they're spiritually ready to get pneumonia and die. Well, you know, or die some other mystery. So I write. Yeah. Absolutely. Okay. Well, thanks Frank. And thanks for repeating everything you said to your judge on Friday. Okay. It was very interesting Friday. This time I would say somewhat less so. I heard it. Everybody else did too. He's seen this is the guy who thinks that just because that was off for like 25 minutes. And you came on everybody turned the show off. That's not true. Just most. No, not nobody turned it off. Strong with you. Frank. Give a judge a little more respect than that. God damn it. Yeah, the Scientologist and the purgatory and the limbo and the iscatulari. Now, how come you didn't tell me about the scapulari? The scapula, the the uvula or something like that? Whatever the sky was talking about. See, you only know like Catholic light. You know what? Oh, you'll have your duty stuff. I got out early. That's what we got to find out today. Especially since it's getting close to. Oh, my God. Stop and think about a God who sends down his only son. Whatever the hell that means. And, you know, in order for everybody else to be able to go to enjoying God up and having to do God only knows what. And he's the only one who does know. Because nobody else can figure it out. You've got to believe that they put nails to his hand and nail them up on a cross and set him on fire and like whatever they were supposed to do. Fire didn't work too good by the way. I just died up there on the cross. You know, we're heavy weight on his hand. How come he said if he knew what was going to happen? How come he said father? How come that was forsaken? Why do you say that? He already knew what was going to happen. You knew the scrips. That like children has to always said don't get in the act. And, you know, if you're already red the script, you don't like it. Don't just don't get in with. Don't take the rule. And their people let the leave this. Oh, my God. That's our poll question today. Okay. Which people are more ridiculous and stone age? The Hasidim or the from Catholics? That's our poll question. Seriously. Which people are more in the stone age in the dark? That's a tough one. That's a toss-up question. There'll be a bonus for 50 points when we get done. Yeah, some everybody's got to go on by this. Forget that Margaret Orph book. Okay. She wouldn't know a glory hole if it hit her in her. She wouldn't know it. She's got guys sticking her penis under a stall in the, I mean Margaret. I know that maybe you sleep in with your husband as Tim Russell. And I wouldn't look either if I was married to him. So we'd art. But good God Almighty, your penis isn't attached to your toe honey. You can't stick it under the stall in a men's room. I mean, is that kind of like basic? Jerry and D.N. and a three month papers. Pretty interesting book. Even if you don't care about Andrew Kgan or Gianni Versace, you're in it or Miss Lee, Miglant. A calls Lee, Miglant, Miss Lee, Miglant in the book. Certainly a book for Queens, by the way. You love it. You know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. This scum, dioretics, is wife and endless nightmare of confusion and chaos. There's what will eat nothingness. Or is it just me, AJ? Why do I have dreams about my mother in Salama? Page 69. Why did I give my life savings to a bizarre cult religion founded by a bad science fiction writer? Page 99. Am I worthy of seven levels, Garnons or? I'm gonna butt head. Page 25. Discover, dioretics, flushing questions from the mind. You can see all the cowards, see the movements, dioretics by L.R. on Hubbub over 20 million copies sold in Uple, leave it. Oh, I can't. 1044, yes, I can of course. I mean, the dough, the bowl, Rey, Miglant, whatever the hell is named, that lunatic. Everybody's got their own religion and I have told you before each one is crazy than the next, but now especially that we're approaching these ridiculous barbaric idiotic meanless holidays. Easter and Passover. And people are gonna go out and do all these things because they're programmed. Like the Jews are gonna go out there gonna buy the motsa and they're gonna be nullish crap. All of it is good with salt and butter, I'll tell you that. Speaking of food, by the way, like I told you, it's liver detox month. See, you know, Dr. Mark is a good guy and, effectively, all those blood tests in it. I got that done, I'm glad I got the blood work and I went and I read some books. I did my own doctoring over the weekend. Like I told you, you got to be your own doctor. And I cut way down and I had to record a science out because my other doctor, he's like out of the picture. Now he just forgot about me. I just point Dr. Pusskin, I'll be there clearly on clinic. Give me a prescription for 50 milligrams, HCT. Way way too high. You know, when you take your blood pressure, you're wanted to be like 74 or 52. I mean, you know, I like that my blood pressure would be in a little bit lower, but 74 or 52. I don't quite need it that low. I don't think. And since that particular drug is, you know, makes your blood sugar go up and there's a lot of other things, maybe kidney, so I decided to cut a way back and we're recklessly like eating just like a third of a pill. Since it is a pill you can chew by the way, which I also write about myself and my blood sugar and my blood pressure is like a phenomenal. And I'm cutting way back on my prescription drugs all by myself. About any advice without any help from doctors who for the most part are like, you know, lost. And then I find out that, you know, with these blood test results, taking that drug, makes your bun reading, which has to do with your kidneys, by the way, makes that to up. Which is what your bun makes your bun go up back to. Yeah, that's right. When you take that drug, so not to worry quite that much, but nevertheless cut way back on it. So I got this book about the liver detoxification. That doesn't sound too appetizing, especially when you're in the coastal onsite. But you've got to detox your liver, you will wind up like they have a cross-be or David Cassidy. It's bigger than that, by the way, while a lot of you people were wasting your time watching a four hour and two-minute piece of throat on there, but the same self-aggrandizing people. And guess what? Nobody cares about Shakespeare. See, this is what is wrong with the Oscars in the first place, even assuming that these people did deserve awards that they were that great. A bunch of pseudo intellectuals run the whole thing. Shakespeare in love. Anybody out there see that? No. Anybody care about Shakespeare? No, I don't. I'm a slob, I don't care about Shakespeare. Not some phony, goody two shoes intellectuals that gives a flying crap about Shakespeare. Or Roberto Benini, or Roberto Bajio, or any of those people, you know? Those aren't the Italians I'm looking for. But instead of that, so I was channel serving, especially, I mean, the first two and a half periods of that panther game. Oh my god, talk about snooze inducing. I would have rather heard the Roger Magdalene's entertainer report and I'd rather be dead than hear that. That's how boring the panther game was. I'm channel surfing and I come across VH1, which I don't know, VH1 is kind of like, you know, tapioca putting the man ever watching. But they got a special thing on, at least they did last night. And it's about all the teen idols from the 60s and 70s. And where are they now? Basically there was a whole hour in David Cassidy. She's the real guy. I mean, he's the real good out there in Vegas. Do you think he's fooling anybody? No. No. He hasn't spoken to Shirley Jones in years, and also, well, watch your name. From the parter's family. Susan, Daisy. Susan, Daisy, you know, pretending to be beat up again, you know. But hasn't spoken her in five years. She still pissed off that his hair looked better than hers on the show. And he was a lot prettier. And he was pretty. He wasn't cute. He was pretty too pretty. Okay, that should have been the first hint. And then they showed some pictures of David a little bit later on, like about, you know, five or ten years ago. And I talked to myself, wow, she's a knockout. Yeah. But he's, he's, and he's doing that, uh, effects thing. And Vegas has been there for years. He's not. He's, uh, kicking ass. David Cassidy. Yeah, the wife, you know. Oh, yeah, I know. And then they showed, uh, a whole bunch of, uh, screamers on your leaf. Garrett. And he's like kind of, you know, fallen to the cracks and hits him. And almost every one of these people, including David Cassidy, who's not way to come back. But they all drugs and the depression and your suicide and lost all their money and how horrible it was. And, uh, oh, God, what is pretty interesting stuff? And then it 11 o'clock couldn't even go to bed and then they had all the grown groups. So we're all these, uh, uh, bimbets have gone and they'll have to have them. Very interesting stuff. Now there was one segment on there, which is shocked to hell. Who do you think the last group was before they went into the bimbets? Minuto. And they showed these 655 kids all of whom were molested by the way, who were all in the new, though. Well, they're probably all footballers. They're all Hispanic. And guess who, well, I think somebody already told us this night and believe it. And I apologize by the way, you were right. I was wrong. You know, who was a member of Minuto? Ricky Martin. Ricky, oh, you knew that? Sure. I didn't think you were in a poor region. I'm not. Oh. No, seriously, Ricky Martin was a member of Minuto and boy, he sure was two thin. And now, well, they're trying to bring about it. They're trying to put the pieces back together again. Little Ricky Martin. And he was also on general hospital. Or was that to know, he didn't know they had to Rick Springfield was on there. Of course, was on general hospital with John Stamos, who was black. I mean, just all these flashbacks and almost every one of them wound up like in the gutter. Broke the press, drugs, all these river penis stories. Man, there's a million of those stories. And all these people want to be rich in famous. Why do you want to be rich in famous? Those people are all omniscient. They're erect. Their lives are pure unadulterated crats. Like they talk about how David Cassidy had eight million dollars in a bank one day. And then like before, you know, it's like that. That's not that your fingers, it was all gone. He had $2,000 to his name. Now, be honest with you. If you want to bring me over the eight million dollars, I'll give it a shot. Okay. I'll give it a try. I might not show up here tomorrow. I think I might be able to, you know, make it last a little while the scratch it out and the money too. But these people, they've all got this fame and adulation that they can't deal with it. Having all of you said the wrong people are got all the money. Not to mention anybody lives in Hellendale. Here's a mobile and forlaterdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing? I know the difference between the purgatory and limbo. All right. All right. Purgatory is sort of the waste station between Heaven and Hell. The waste station? And what else would they call it? Yeah, where are your curds away? I think they have with the little spiders beside her. It's where they, you try to earn your way into Heaven or your, and where you lose your way into Hell. And live both. How many spins do you get? Do you get any free spins? How many spins do you get to do that? Well, you have all eternity to prove yourself one way or another. You can stay there for attorney, which means. Oh, hey, still, how far is this over? There you go. And limbo is a conservative bloated talk show host on a another. Okay. Thank you. Okay. I've got one out of two, wait, bad. But you're going straight to purgatory, pal. After that. What is that? Are you here at that? I'd like to be gearing up for the mix, the noon time, power, jam, next thing. I'm sparsely having noticed it. It's part of the benefit of being on the turd floor. Can you hear that? No, it's the charge. Here it is. I can feel it. I can feel it. And the music, too. They got this power 96 to crack the dipail over there down the hall. They got that cranked up so loud. Like George said, I know what can you hear it in here. You can feel it. The walls are goddamn shaking. They're worried about a smoke in a cigar in here. And we got, we the whole guy, the whole building is, this must be an active God. Must be getting pissed off. I get about this conversation here today. Crank it down. God damn it. Thank you. God. See, it's like always we're chapel over with the AM. You know, we're like the underlings. We get no promotion. We get no T.D. spots. We get no nothing. We have no promotional stuff to give out. We got nothing. Zero. Zippity do that. Even though we're the highest building station in the market, forget about that. We're too much trouble. They haven't turned that down. They are cranking it and spank it over there next door at Power 96. How long is that going to go on? I'm not going to try to do a show here every day. We're going to have to listen to that. Until one o'clock. Until one o'clock, my F and S. Are you out of your mind, Mr.? Well, let's crack up these speakers as loud as they'll go, huh? I didn't got to succeed. Yeah, crack it off, baby. Crank it. Is our program director, I'll make believe, PD sitting down the hallway. There's certainly somebody is going to have to go tap him on the shoulder and tell him that he's going to have to talk to kid curry or somebody in his building. This ain't going to fly. We somehow managed all last week, whenever had any of that. We had it a little one morning. Remember before we came on the air. I thought, well, you know, that's only going to be early in the morning. Once we come on the air here, they're going to have understanders and other radio stations right to do a show in there. We can't be cranking a music and shaking the goddamn studios in the walls in there. Seriously, I want you to get him right now. Drop your hand. Forget about the phone. Forget about everything you're doing. Get a hold of our program director. Of our paper-posure program director. And tell him by the way, if you don't take the rest of the day, he's out. Busy. Get physically. Get up. Out of the chair. Walk down the hall. Open up the window. And you know, we're mad as hell. And we're not taking this crap. Seriously, I'm not going to try to do a show like this. I mean, I've worked under every kind of adverse condition under the sun. And everybody who listens knows that and another exaggerating. But this crap, where they're like banging and clanging in the whole room of shaking here ain't going to fly. Not for this kid. Listen to that. They're jamming it, baby. Here's Miami Lake, Shillow. Here's Miami Lake, Shillow. Here's a little nail. Yes, sir. This is like a not house here today. The world on that house, sir. Anyway, I call to give you the definitions from a severe ex-catholic of limbo participatory in all that heavy crap. Yeah. Okay. participatory is where you go when you go. I think I'm in it right now. Yeah, you, you, you, we are. The conservatory is where you go after you die to pay for your sins and become cleansed so you can enter the kingdom of heaven. Oh. Yeah. Okay. Now, limbo. What, what do you be doing there? No, no. Hang on a second. Sir, hang on. Okay. Can you hear it? Come in here. Come in here, Bluff. And there are times when it is so loud that the walls are that, you don't just hear it, you feel it. They're cranking it. Shut it down. We're going to be out of here in 10 minutes. Go ahead, sir. Okay. If you're at the foul play music, we'll just crank it up and we'll out here. We'll have a battle of the music. In purgatory, you suffer and you burn and everything as badly as you do in hell. The only difference is it's temporary. Yeah. It's temporary for how long. Oh, temporary. How do you know? How many questions do you have to answer to the year way up? Got no. You know. So in other words, I guess that's final. The idea is you do know that you get to go about having you eventually because, you know, that's it, you know. Okay. Then limbo is a place where you go when you die. If you die before you are baptized. Yeah. Okay. Because if you're not baptized, you cannot enter the kingdom of heaven. Because the gates of heaven were closed to man, all upon the original sin of Adam and Eve. Heaven's gate was closed to man. Yes. To bed they didn't tell all those people before they got their nuts chopped up. Yeah. No. And then when Jesus came and died and crucified. And everybody gave the gift. We got to get back in the heaven. Well, I tell you one thing. We better help them hold that cross. I've been must be getting pretty damn heavy now. Oh, Jesus. Exactly. Have a great day. Ha ha ha ha. Now, I think they may have turned it down because blood actually went down the hall in a moment of rear machoness. Went down the hallway. Told them. Turn it going. Everything down. I think you told them that. Maybe not that tone of voice. Isn't that better? Oh, how will you thank you, Doug? Oh, good to have that desk now, right? I knew I know sooner or later he'd do something useful. He's torn between the cheaper desk and the more expensive desk. Well, make up your mind today sweetheart. I know it's a tough choice. 567.056. 560. 560. On the AT&T wireless line on a really bizarre Monday. What do we do start the week this is? We got a call on the board there. You know what that means? I think we're AT valve from there. We are from the obvious state. To enjoy the super-hospital. We're glad to tell you all here. And to enjoy the Towa-Saposa and some Towa-Rb-Tow. We will pick up your solar on our ways of your galaxy. So have your escape impact. And be dead. We'll build up his closest to Earth. Sanctuary. Guys, we're kicked in all blackbirds and waiting for a ride to death. We're in my human way to move. Oh! You're a super-hospital. We'll take a clean beer on your mouth. We'll take the heat out of the sea. Something to call it this day. And we're gonna get into a light and clear. We're gonna have a ride to death. They ain't never in my car wearing ice cream. This is the day, this is the world's end. Someone's gonna find us. Back back to pocket and Jane. Our containers keep on going. A trucking here's some thing of our big star. So do get me some thing of our big star. We're in pocket and some applesauce. Just so hit the map. Oh, stop the way I pale box. When we join our next gut, jump in. We're in the toilet. We're in the toilet. He and the man had it. They helped me meet up without a big place. Right on our big plane. You're a friend. You're gonna feel safe. If you want to know who to find this year, you're gonna be the QAM. Ex-Ophyser, please. No contest in six case. Panama City, Florida. A former police officer was fired after being charged. The performing oral sex on a sleeping man. Will avoid prison. But never again working law enforcement. A prosecutor says. Sean Randall, 21. Pleaded no contest. We reduced charge of aggravated assault. And was given three years of probation. He could have gotten up to five years in prison on that count. And initially, he faced a possible sentence of the 15 yards. A years and 15 yards in the. For holding 15 years on the sexual battery charge. Applement said it was an embarrassing situation for the 18 year old victim. He considered that the plea bargain end is a result of avoid having to testify. Defense lawyer, Rayland Graham said his client who had been on the Panama City police force for about a year. The maintain he was innocent of sexual battery. And intended to go to trial until a prosecutor's made him an offer he couldn't refuse, as they say. Randall was still under the legal drinking age of 21 when he was arrested in August. Had been drinking and providing alcohol to the victim police said. The victim told investigators he had fallen asleep. And when he awoke his pants were down and Randall was performing oral sex on him. Oh. Panama City police officer. Giving oral abuse. Once you hear no more. We're going to be sponsored today. What I told you that didn't I? If you thought last week was going to be bad. And the reason being that there's nobody left here. They're all gone. It's Easter and pace off. They're worried about that. They're going to go out and eat to still mosa. And what are they eat on Easter? They're going to roll the eggs around. By the way, chocolate. I'll tell you that right now. I'll buy any of these stories. They can't do make this a story that they make up about how it's good for it. It'll give you only one thing. Hard attack. Stroke. All kinds of horrible. It'll give you everything bad that's ever been invented. And also by the way, we're clogging if you want to cleanse out your liver. Or that book I'm reading. Cheese. Cut the cheese, baby. I'll tell you that right now. Because cheese and all these dairy products are in these things. Slag up that liver. Something fierce. Milk. And if you're a senior kid, no, I'm not talking about breast milk. I'm talking about after they're finished doing that. When they get to be about 20. After the huh? I'm serious. After you're feeding them cows milk. Stop it. Whoever heard of any as there any other animal in the animal kingdom that drinks the milk of another animal. No. No. In saying. Now, unless of course you get to get from that baby milk factory over there in a rack and bag that. That's okay. Cheese product. So what are we going to be eating now? I guess not too much. Real slim. We're going to have to find a salad place. So you say Tony's got good salad. Without all that meat and cheese. You know, I mean, we love chunks in the sub-hinter. That's wonderful, et cetera. And by the way, it was a feel like so that they're in the production studio. A lot of apologize to the people in power 96. Was not those people. I'm not that they need the apology because they're probably full of crap anyway. But there wasn't them. It was feel like some production who, according to Greg Reed, is tone deaf and can't hear anything anymore. From years of missing all that loud crap. Cut it out, Felix. You hear that? 560, 505, 5050, 50 on the AT&T line. Hank is at the end of the day. Yeah? At the end of the year. What's he doing up there? And then we got the book, Shambhi, 610 at Capital of the Scores 10 o'clock tonight. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. I quote a few months ago. I sent you a facts about, um, Jack Lee up in the freehold. Yes. Something happened after two weeks ago. That in, in a history on his race and you never seen in your life. They, it's, erases to clear the official. They don't like to lay the prices come. Obviously, they were, you know, with a boat race. They wouldn't let your cash hit tickets to close the Sand Machine. And you had to show identification. The cash hit tickets. Yeah. The exacter came in smaller than the win. It's, it's, it's a big article on the paper about it. I would say they, uh, I was a little lost or short. Two, two people, bad, like 90% of the pool. They got all the money to try the, the tried. They didn't even know. Here. Uh, so, they, they, they call the New Jersey State police. They follow the guys to a diner where they met towards the two drivers. Yeah. Okay. You won't be seeing George Brennan and how we park a drive anymore. Really? Oh, they've done. How do you, you're running in Howard Parker? I've done. Patient Parker? Patient Parker. And George Brennan, the second lead in driver in the country. Oh my God. Wow. Not to mention did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did. You see where the, the lead in driver in the nation is driving now? If they found the state they'd let, what the case driving. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody, everybody, always comes back. I know that. Everybody, they don't know the deal now. I understand, everybody comes back, except everybody. They all come back. Well, he's, he's, he's. I'm, I'm, I'm. Actually, physically steal a free train. Uh, they come back. Well, this, this was a race where you could not cash unless you showed identification. Yeah. They caught the guy the best, most of them money got orbital. Well, thanks for the good news and course. I don't cash anyways, so I have to worry about it. I never cash. Okay. We got one call on the board. It's going to be a worse Monday than I fear. I heard the default this morning pumping it and pumping it in the number two. And then finally get to call a guy in there. It's a bad mobile phone and crap out after about two seconds. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pot, 5, 60 on the AT&T, why was one? Here's having a tour. Hello. You got, yes, there's pretty much anybody. Great. Thank you, question for you. One, we were having a conversation that was at a party, we were trying to figure out what the hell but then all these Canadians are in the Hollywood. I cannot wait till I'm sending more Ontario play. Yeah. Two, maybe a French Canadian Zernti from Ontario, but anyway, go ahead. Uh, two, go ahead and it'll be leaving Wednesday. Uh, you need me to inform you. Yeah, have a good time. Okay. Let's go to, um, popular. Hello. Pop it out. Yes. Last night, earlier. Benini. Or Robert Dobinini. A great genius, but he's not Fox. He's one. He's a good one. He's a good one. Good one. He's genius, but he's not Fox. Okay. Woo! Shifton came in over to Wichan again. Let's hear it everybody. Oh, Shifton said, but again, yours before runs out. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18th year. And of course, for me to say that people believe these fairy tales I was talking before are dumb. I mean, I got news for it. I'm just, just, just don't. I mean, there's a lot of dumb people out there. Oh, how could that after a hundred years of doing this? And I just figured that out? What a concept. There's a lot of morons out there. Last call for phone calls today. We're going to cut a short motel. Felix drank the music up again because it don't make any difference anyway. Tonight on the E. True Hollywood stars, it's the light of the most popular kids that are tanner in the history of television. Tinky, Riki. For an important tiderious win, Kowski on the lower East side of Shifield England. This lovable purple triangular shaped antenna wearing doll. Never thought he'd become the alternative lifestyle cult icon he now is. But things weren't always as gross as they seem to the man they now call. Tinky, Riki. In the early days I was so cool that I don't declare. So. The supplement, my knee income. I started thinking, but Tinky, Riki would soon become even more desperate for money. So desperate he had to stoop to what he now admits was an all-time role. A spoken word Beatles record. Picture yourself on a bus or a river with tangerine trees. And laminates guys. Although his public life would bring him fame and fortune, it would be Tinky when he's private life that would trust him permanently into the spotlight. Things really came into focus for me. After an all-nighter at Studio 54, when Halston invited me back to his new home. And I was wondering if I could make a big deal of a story. And I was wondering if I could make a story. When I was in the middle of the day, I was in the middle of the day. The whole truth tonight on the E2 Hollywood story. It's all 15 and 5. It's 50. By the way, is there anybody in America who cares that a lot of those NBC shows come out of Studio 3B? No. Why do they feel it would be like us saying from Studio 4C, high at top the Schmendrick building here on the corner of 441 and whatever a goddamn street this is. Who cares? From Studio 3B, here's Stone Phillips. Are we impressed? No. I don't care if he's sitting in the goddamn toilet. I don't care where he's sitting. Studio 3B. See, this is an NBC state of mind. Even a peacot blush is when they say that crap. They're also bad. Okay, it's been dead for 30 years. How about a little fumigation actually would be good? Studio 3B. To a dog you only used to sit in there. I would be shouting that around town if I were you. Pretty embarrassing. They put that ball that is a little rigique on the ear to do the today show with the chimpanzee who's like he was higher than his with that day. Well, whatever. Frank Blair used to do the nose. That's 100 years ago. Nobody got alive. Remember Frank Blair. Okay. He's older than Henry Burrow. Christ. By the way, thanks to Tony's. It's bringing this lunch today. My nice Cobb salad. Remember Lee J. Cobb. Huh? Huh? See, that's why I like the the exercise. Just went in any academy awards. The academy are a bunch of snobbish, pseudo intellectuals. That's one reason that comedies vary rarely get any awards at all. Very few. That's the reason that it's usually like Shakespeare, you know, last night air, we award out of the sun. Sudo intellectual snobbish bunch of bull crap. And I don't care what you say except for about 25 people at Harvard and MIT and 100 people in New York. Nobody care about Shakespeare. Nobody be caring about that crap. Huh? Except those silly queens over there across the sea. Nobody cares about that swell. Here's a mobile and boating beach. Hello. Yeah, I know. Nobody should have told Shakespeare the way the all Jews have big noses. Yes, sir. Are you doing nail for them? Okay. I've been with you about a year. Yes, sir. Let me ask you a question. Yeah. Why is it that I've been watching a couple of hockey games? Like that was for instance. And then I go to a panter's game on it. I can't even sit for a week. So ridiculous. Because they're boring. Is that answer your question? I mean, the ducks didn't show up for the third period last night. We had a kiss to ground for that because that was do or die. But they're a very boring team. Like, oh, that's why I was channel surfing last night. While a game was on because I couldn't stand it anymore. It was a coma. Oh, who won that game between a duck to the pan? Panthers one five to two. This was a goal for about 30 seconds there. And we ran into him coming shot nice going right there. Going to watch. All right. Yeah. You're great. I hope they'll probably probably be back this week. So we have a reasonable pop-out. Very rate-wit-in the other than that. And Sean Burr. That's gone. Sean. Bad move. They're putting Kirk the jerk in there. The other night. TM. Bad move. That was the end of that game in LA. We want to get two sports in tent. We got 20 hours the rest of the day. All the hockey experts on the station. We'll analyze all that stuff. 5, 6, 7, 7. I'm concerned about being up here in this. I don't think this stuff is working the way it should. You know what I'm saying? Huh? Because I heard you at one point there on Friday when I'm driving in the airport. We'd say all of them are open. I was a metaphor. Remember that briefly? Or was it not so briefly? No, seriously. This is now the sixth day in the world. There's something strange going on. The phone that they don't show up in the right spot. I think probably half our lines are likely being sabotaged right now. But probably what's his name down the hallway there? Huh? Why didn't tell you any name? I'm a maddie bell. Yeah, maddie bell. He's in tight with bell. So 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, out of the AT. I mean, we got to get some more information about Purgatory in the limbo. What kind of crap was that? And you know, damn well, that the real religious fanatics all listen to the show. They're monitoring right now. Wanted to make sure that, you know, they get just as smart as we are here. So they can give up all that bull crap and stuff, waiting their lives on lies. Look at that. I'm mentioning this lines are going out while I'm talking. I think they're pro at look and there's another one. Here's a lady mobile and Palm Beach Gardens, hello. Lady mobile. In Palm Beach Gardens. There's a lady mobile and Palm Beach Gardens. Oh, God. Yes, man. Leo. Yes. Let me tell you, Neil. I think you're wonderful. Yes. And you're opinionated. Yeah. Robert? Yes. You're right. Yes. Don't be a wise, Miss. Meal. Yeah. And just stay calm and cool. Yeah. And just stay on the air. And I do a take here. Yeah. And I never should have won. And the whole thing is a strategy. Who never should have won? That's Shakespeare. He never should have won. That's right. It was a fixed game like that fight the other night. Right. Whatever you say, sweetheart, don't call us again. Please. No matter how desperate I am, don't ever call us again. 560560, Palm 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. This show like that. We're going to have to go back on a certain floor. We tried it six days now. This show doesn't work on the third floor. It doesn't. You've seen it. You're the witness. I mean, we had a rocky moment down there. But not like these last six days. They never restrict like this. Even Jolton, Jodi, rest in peace with that big nose. Even he never had a streak like this. I'm white, Nanya. I'm not even going to play the music. I'm just going to sit back and wait. See how long it takes. I'm coming here this morning. I feel invigorated. I'm cleansing my liver. I feel like I've turned a new leaf of a lease on life. I'm sitting here talking to dead people. You know, I was talking to a cab driver over the weekend yesterday. And he was asking me about Miami. And I said, you know, something Miami is a place. Only for dead people. And he'd a little laughed. He burst. I said, you know, I had a woman the other day. Tell me exactly the same thing. Word for word. She said, well, that's not a place for people who are alive. That's a place for people waiting to die. See, there's only three things that we have in this time. I know this is depressing. You don't want to hear it. But it happens to be true. And you know, we're here. We're surviving somehow. We do make it a best out of it. You got your dead. The walking dead. You got your banana boat people. And your drug dealers. If you take all those people out of this area out of South Florida, that leaves about what? 5000 of us. Say, it's nothing about it. You take away all the drug dealers. The banana boat people in the walking dead. What are they? Like 400 of us left? 30 of us? What is their left? If you take out those three elements? This is not a real place. This is a phantom place with phantom people. A bunch of posing drug addicts, bags down here at South Beach. I mean, what the hell is that? We got 10 blocks of South Beach. That's our claim to fame. Even Barbara Kempettman, that old bitch is turning over in his group. Either her teeth are turning yellow. And I say, his wife, he was more much of than some. She was more much of than most of the people on South Beach. Now, you're into that. That's Barbara Kempettman, bitch. For the yellow teeth, what did she have bad teeth? Oh, in fact, you know something. I bet that all a crap on her teeth went down into the river. And that's what killed her. Or maybe it would change smoking all of them. That might have done it. Huh? She was a change smoker. And she's dead. And by the way, I'm channel surfing last night. They got some fox show and I realized that fox wants to be a lot of guard and trendy and hip and cool. They got some show where this mother's talking to some sitcom. When I don't watch any shows on Fox and the mother's sitting there talking to And she's smoking. This is all, please put that cigarette out mom. I'll just make it to my last one. She's smoking right there on TV. Probably that's 70's show. Whatever it was. I thought they're trying to discourage us. Everybody in their brothers put on his big phony act about how we hate cigarette in this country. We already know that we hate faggot. Huh? And there's their smoking on TV. I thought that was out there and we're at where our mural. And he's dead too by the way. He also got lung cancer. So that should be a message to all you people out there. Stop smoking. I was God damn cigarettes. All right. Little weed. That's okay. Well, certainly nobody smokes. Nobody changed smokes marijuana. Nobody smokes enough weed to get lung cancer from the paper. Okay. From the burning paper. Unless you write your mind. In which case you deserve to die for smoking at much weed. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Thank God. Thank you for him. Did George tell you to say that for me? It was very nice of you. Say, well, I'm going to let you think of me. You just made a sword. I just switched to a clinic place for that reason. I said, you know what? I got a sword. The papers make it clear. That's right. The paper is what killed you. Listen, I am a certain sized walking dead. Non-horeal. Want to be drug dealer. Bombing. Yeah. That's every category. Is it? I can't sell drugs up there. It's coming to you. Okay. Listen, what they want. They're doing prescription drugs. You ought to do like who Nann starts to do on prescription drugs. That's how he made all his money. By the way, there's a long about that too, Margaret. Or if it wasn't crystal meth, he worked for a thrift drug mart out there. He was a cell in prescription drugs. That other book is so full of crap. I should have known if she was married to Tim Russia. It was full of crap. But anyway, go ahead. prescription was prescription drugs. The biggest market. Right. Neil, one thing. One request before I messed up and get this done at the end. Even I didn't put on was so pretty pressed me and down here. People is brains up. Go ahead. Anyway, possibly you could play for it. Motion in the basket. We haven't heard it until long. Oh, get on it. Yeah. You haven't heard it until long. Well, I'm not. It's right. So, an option in the breast. Okay. More to come later. Good idea. See what I'm saying? Request. You're doing request. I want to talk to living and breathing people. I want to talk to people with a brain. I want to talk to people who don't give a crap about Shakespeare. Who don't say things just because they think it's politically correct. Because they think it's supposed to be the American F in way. I want to talk to some people. Some real God they're living and breathing people. And if we had a toll free line, so we could talk to people out of town. Maybe I'll be able to do that someday. Like those handful of people are calling us on it. And you notice every time not every time. But most of the time. Like last week, I think we had a couple calls from people in Toronto. You notice how articulate and worthwhile and like re-eleiving and breathing people. Those were. And then we start talking here to our people. Oh, hey, Neil. Good night here to bridge tanger. Oh, oh, oh. God is this place full of dumb people. I guarantee if I walked down the hallway right now, I bump into a bunch of dumb people. Not to mention, oh, names. Yeah, fat boy. Don't stick your fat ass at us doorway again. Okay. How old was he doing here this morning? Hey, pal. Hey, pal. We don't like you. We don't like you. We can't. It's not a joke. It's serious. We can't make it personally unless you want to. If you lose about 80 pounds, come back and see us. And also Josh Friedman, you're another one. Lose about 100 more pounds. Take a bath and then maybe we'll let you come back and see. And then George says, even then, we still don't want to see you. We don't want to see you. We don't want to smell you. You don't want to know from you. Okay. We don't like you. Well, I mean, what's wrong with that? I say it's about time we started being a little more honest with each other. Okay, stop wasting our time. We're getting on the pump positive and glittering generalities and all this other bullcraft. Huh? Whatever that means. Why do we have to stand on ceremony and pretend we like people, okay? But the next time the boss comes in here, you know, he's got mono. Should I say that on the ear? Well, no, that's a good way to extend him home. It's not that we don't like him. But he's got mono. We don't like you when you got infectious disease. He's got two or three kids. How many is got a hundred kid? Well, two by his wife that have got mono. And he's supposed to surprise. He went and got an F-steen vartest. Okay, even go ahead and get that. He's got mono. So don't come in here and breathe. I says, when you're breathing in here, I'm filing a... After three months, I'm finally feeling a little bit better today because I'm cutting away back on his medications that are killing me. That these doctors are killing me with. And he comes in here spreading his mono nucleosis around. Oh. What a good week to be sick. Yeah. I'm starting a little choked up right now. I'll tell you that. Oh. 1127 and 560. Oh, this is this overhead we're any lower. I could be talking to a guy into... Thank you. Jesus Christ. Good night on MTV. It's the Bong Show. With your host, Robert Downey Jr. The Bong Show. We're recently rehab celebrity or lost endless city council members. Take random gruntet. You know, I'm still at her watching these Richard famous, wash police cars. So join Robert Downey Jr. We take four of the Bong Show. And not the 30-foot-five. 60 WDKM. It's always a good suggestion out there. Use your Bong. Not your... huh? Use your Bong, baby. And don't use those damn wrappers because those will kill you. Either wrappers down the hall or kill them as before. But I'd damn love music from Power 96. Anybody has a thing that rappers music needs you'll about to me. Immediately, not soon, and they probably also believe in God. 560-705-60, Pomp 560 on the ATW. I sound like wound up today like in alarm clock I am. I really am. Always this way on Monday. See, a lot of other people the other way around. Monday, the very neat press, you know, that it's the beginning for a long week. I feel great because I got out of here for a weekend. I want to ask the dealer. Actually, I want to Birmingham. Did I go to Birmingham? No. No. I want to just tell you one thing. Okay, do not drive on the Paul Middle Express. And let's go into Nixon. Go down here. We'll just get down here real quick if you can. Who are the assholes that drive on that road? All the years that I've lived down here that've always said, Well, you know, they didn't build it wide enough. There's not a lot of lanes. It's obsolete. That's not the problem. The problem isn't the nature of the road itself. It's the assholes who drive on that road. Who are the idiots who drive on the Paul Middle Expressway? You know, when you drive back from MIA up to where my neck of the woods and my strouard, the easiest way to take the A36 to the Paul Middle. You've got to 75 and think of your home and no time at all. But going that stretch between A36 and the 75, when you have to go on a Paul Middle up to 125th there. Oh, my God, who are you? People, where did you get your driver's license and a box of Cracker Jackson Navy? Here's a book. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How long are we going to be subjected to these baseball games? Got your show off. What do you mean? What does that mean? In other words, as long as the contract, I think they got another three years after this year with the Marlins. And I think that they're going to get their differences settled out. So I think for a long time. So even in the regular season, we're going to have a few day games that start early and not get out of here 12 30, 12 15, 12 50. And I say, hello, yeah, baby. That's what I say. Well, right. I like that. And that kind of a way of saying starts some games in 11 30 in the morning. Is that kind of a rating skill or it's a killer? You're right. I guess great. Great things were all stupid. Thanks, now. How about the sponsors? I don't want to. Yeah, he knows better than taking the sponsors role. Does anybody want to buy Marlins baseball? No. No. How about if we give you some spots? No. They don't want to be associated with it. That's why Joe Angel comes on under Middle East Marlins Vision Games now and says, this part of Marlins baseball is brought to you by the Neil Roger show. And then we put some harsh sponsors on there that I record the spots for. And those people that want to be on the ball games. Do they? No, Greg Reach has a. We don't care. We don't care. Just give us the F and money. That's our model here at QAM. Sign the contract. Give us the money. You're getting red results on the old show. Okay. So if we have to steal a few spots from you to fill up some empty words in a ball game to make sure we don't lose your money. What? What do you laugh about that? That's the deal. That's the real story there. See, I'm the one guy in America who's honest about that. We screw people over when we can. And I'm, I might say, we I don't want to include myself in that, but I'm talking about the management of this operation. That's the way they do business. It's called underhanded shady bait and switch. There are many different names you can use for it. It's, you know, we just scrape away all the exterior to pilot is what it is. But we just want the money. We're not concerned about whether you, you know, do a business or not. That's your problem. Okay. You worry about doing business. We got enough problems here doing our own business. Believe me. If you ever saw this joint, we got real problems doing business. Like Pan Bill. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18th, Y'all. By the way, do you get that 200 bucks from four of the month yet? No. George, get that 200? No. Can I get my money back from the panther ticket? No. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Are you doing there? Okay, sir. What's the matter? In Taisley's people from Toronto to college, they give a number to the Montrealers. You'll have, you'll have that content you can deal with. Sir, I'd rather have any contingent to deal with than a group of Nucklehead, no brain people that have to be kicked in the ass just to say Anything about anything. That's what we got down here. Dead people, drug dealers and banana boat people. I, I do hear you. Well, we got you remember some time. Am I wrong about that, sir? No, no. If you took those three elements out of the population of Dave Browden, Palm Beach counties, what would you have left about a hundred of us? You're absolutely correct, sir. Let me ask you this. Do you remember several years ago when you went on that bench and didn't give the phone number out? Yes. Why don't we try that one? Oh, yeah. Okay. Thank you. That's a good time for that. That's the, yeah. This is a great time for it, sir. That was at a time when the phones were smoking when we actually had to living and reading people in the sun before they wise up and got there a lot of here. They all left. They're gone. They, we like they took a look around and said, Oh, my God, look where the hell I am. Let me get out. I'm in limbo. Which is worse, pergatoria, limbo. Pergatoria is bad. Limbo is just neutral. And the lake of fire. Well, that's bad. How about the ring of fire? How many drugs do you have to do together in the ring of fire? What's on your cash? How many jail sentences do you have to do? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got 20 of open lines for you. Okay. The call is free. We pay for it here. The big shots over here. They pay they a phone line. We're waiting to hear all your comments about all these things that I've talked about, especially the important stuff like glory holes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and pompano. Hello. Hey, you know how you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, to help you out with limbo and pergatoria. You ever see the movie Porter guys? No. Yeah, I saw it. Okay. Hold on. Hold on. Those people were in limbo. You mean it like you trying to switch on the attic? The one that we're stuck at there between the ceiling and the attic. Sort of like sensory village would be limbo and day counting would be part of story. Right. Good. Excellent analogy. That's that's what the meaning is. And I just thought I'd help you out there. Okay. Thank you. Okay. 16 open lines and day 120 to a brighter couple in Palm Beach for Myers. They've laid out for weeks now. They don't like us anymore over there. We understand why. 5, 6, 7, 2, many go in Montenewisco. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. On the 18 to line. Doesn't bother me. I just keep plotting right ahead. I've got a whole new attitude, baby. That's right. Now that I'm cleaning my liver out, you better watch it. You think that you're going to get the old man down. Not going to happen. That's what I've closed because I got a whole new outlook on life. Now that I'm cleansing my liver. What do you smirk? Smiling about what I say that like a little smirk on your face. The most important thing that you can do for your health is cleanse your God. Damn liver. And does your doctor teach anything about your liver? No. No. Do they know anything about nutrition? These doctors? No. Did I get any more for the get to the update on the other two tests? He was taken from my loophus and pooped. Did I get that yet? No. Dr. Mark. Who was busy in here? He was only keen to get some numbers from Jeff Cohen. Some hot numbers. That's all we were talking about. Was getting laid. That's the whole conversation. Okay. Here's a doctor and a pizza guy. And all they talked about for like a half a pappa pappa pappa pappa. Was getting laid. Puckers. Oh, I shouldn't say that. Puckers. Why are you airing shit like this? Tonight on National Sea graphics, discover America's theory. Little bit of biology and an of course Miss Magellan. As you can see, very damp and talk in here. Which is the perfect environment for small birds and other creatures. Eat in its gum or America's theory. Inside an of course Miss Magellan. Tonight on the superstations. It's the local 44 or 55. It's the WCWQ. By the way, what's a very nice young lady like who are doing in the place like this? She's very nice. What are you doing here? You're going to be sorry you came out of this place. Oh, yeah. She's going to be real sorry when she starts meeting a lot of the miss kids. While she already met us. Look at this thing. Look at this beautiful lunch, right? See, this is more like it. I'm going to start being so glad and healthy. It's going to be disgusting. And then then you'll be in big trouble. Okay. Then you'll hear a guy on the ear who's like not choking and gagging and dying on his own fat. Eating all that crap. All that sugar. All that garbage that I'm eating from once it tasted good though I admit then. But I pushed myself right to the edge and thank God for Dr. Mark Lapporta who came by here last Wednesday and smoothened out a few numbers. I'm sure from Jeff Cohen. But in the meantime, took all that blood. And I took a look at those results and I went. Oh, look at that cholesterol and I went. Oh, yeah. Oh my God. Took all that blood and I said back to him and then you're killing him. So I'm detoxifying my liver. I'm cleansing it out. Beautiful. Cobb salad here from our friend, the bread over at Tony Sub. Give him a little plug for Christ. And you people in this building. I'm so ashamed of you. We got our friend the colleague and man got us the water. We got the Chuck from the sub center. We got pony tail from pizza lock. We got bread from ponies. We're going to have Wayne Arles in here. We got eight million different people thanking us for allowing them to bring us food. How do you like that? I'm helping out to toss up here. The line of the year from Carlos at the front desk a week ago today. Who's paying for the food on this show? I guess you all listen to this show, huh? You got to be kidding me, Carlos. Don't be such a kid. You might have to get a haircut. Here's a mobile in the keys. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Let me fill you in on on for a tutorial and live on. Don't be in on all that good friends. I'm going to touch myself. So Jesus has to hold that cross a little. How old Jesus is? That's a mortal sin if your touch yourself. We'll get into that later. I didn't say where I touched my son. Well, that's true. It was only on the elbow. Alright, first limbo. Limbo is only for people who have not been baptized. And what happens if you have a lady? There's original sin, you know? Uh-huh. So if you're a-if you haven't been baptized, you still have original sin. So you go there and you get to see all the Saints marrying everybody else. The only thing you don't get to see the big guy. big guy and you live happily ever after. Yeah. That's that one. Who wants to see a status like him anyway? Well, I know. So then you got per category. Per category is you go if you only commit venial sins, venial sins like stealing from your mother. The new ornals in venereal sins? Yeah. The new real boom. Oh, come on. The normal sin would be like touching yourself. Say yeah. All right. You go there and you burn temporarily until you burn your sins off and then you go to the happy hunting ground. Uh, now in the old days back in the dark ages, they used to sell about 10 years a story time. Only the rich could pay for it so that that was called selling them the delgenses. So if you pay that off, that's right. More people had a burden of burccatory. Nowadays you can pray it off. Now is the kid in Catholic school. There was a thing called the scapula with the sick. The person in the people, well, what now? What does that be? It's the thing that you hang around your neck. You can't even take it off in the showers. So they put it in plastic bag. Having a hit the sister turned out. And if you wore that thing and you died, you the first Friday or the last Friday of the day, then Mary would come and get you out of Berkett or my God. Now there's a problem. Yeah. That's the first Friday. Let's say you died on the second Friday. You still have to burn for three weeks until Mary came and got you. That's unbelievable. That's why I'm not. I'm not. I'm not going to Catholic, but not a Christian. Stop and think about the fact that there are really people with an IQ larger than their thumbnail. People who believe. Anyway, thank you so much. And have a good story. People who really believe this. Can you believe that? Can anybody? No, I can't. You know, you can you can protest all you want. You can insist to me that you really believe this. I'm sorry. There is nobody on the face of the earth. That's stupid who would really believe this stuff. Nice to be telling me that there are people who walk around and would magic under where on all day. Huh? That'll be the next story tell you tell me that there are people so superstitious. I bet you're done in the region where that magic underwear. Well, they were on their list on the DH1 thing. This is great, but I got a piece of something. And how come you got olives on yours there, Mr. Huh? So I got a Greek solid. Oh, I'm not in the Greek. First after reading this book. So what do you think of it? Anybody that go into bookstore, you don't have to buy the book. Call it's me on the feed with it. Hmm. And by Gary Indiana. And you're looking to set her apart where it's got all the pictures. The last picture is the one of Andrew Kahn and dead in the bed on the hospital. If he isn't dead, ring her for Sam the sham douchebag in our house. Of course you don't know him. So how would you know? You're like to picture anyway. Especially if you're in the faces of death parts 1, 2, 40. It's not really that gory. I hate to break the news to you. A little bit of blood. You don't look so bad. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. I just finished while we were favors. And I was glad you pointed out there are a lot of factual errors. That's okay. The biggest piece of direct. She asked a tremendous amount of research. But she didn't tie it together. And she was totally wrong about the crystal meth. He was he worked at trippy drugs out there in San Diego or revenue. He was a truck dude. And he was he was peddling stolen prescription drugs. Right. That's where he got all his money from. Right. But she hasn't flying back and forth between Ohio and San Diego and Chicago. I mean, when did the. When did the. And he had a stuff about his tips to Europe with normal with this black man as Gary Indiana calls him. Black man. One thing that I really upset me in the book was. The attempt by the Catholic church in Chicago and. Lee, Nick one saw widow. To protect her business in the. Well, don't don't forget he was a big shot. He was a big friend of big daily. He was a big. All time. And he's an actually and of course, in this other book, he calls him a Miss Midland. Right. He. He. He. He. They had a want to be son who she didn't want to be out of the sky Duke. Yeah, which is probably how he met him. But anyway, the book is really. I'm setting when you realize that this guy could have been caught. Before a lot of at least last two people or. Absolutely, especially when you find out that all those leaflets with this picture on him when The back of that cops car. I just get out of well. They had no and just get out of the state. I'm sure you're a. And they're a lot of time trying to. Right. We should go around the only man on the face of the year. If you can eat and spit out a mushroom at the same time. I'm kind of from the get a book of records, okay. Without without without has a dating without missing a salobl. You saw it. George just happened to look up at the right moment and nearly gagged on it. Showed you got up to it. When the next great. I didn't I never missed a beat. And spit out. Well, I was going to go down the wrong. I already got something in the other hole. They're okay. It was going to go down the wrong hole. Right. The model eventually later on. Boy, that was even I enjoyed that. Too bad we don't have to have the Wendy people in there just for that. You know. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 7. 7. 10. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 5. 6. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 9. 6. 7. 7. 7. 9. 7. 7. 7. 6. You have a district, you have a district, or cigarsales have gone zooming up since Monica or was in civil, however they did it. That's what it was. Ackman and Monster's party is Dallas Cowboys quarterback Troy the boy, Ackman attended two party-sosted by Dominic Montemorano. I convicted racqueteer, the New York Daily News report is yesterday. Montemorano. However, the newspaper said Ackman wasn't suspected of any wrongdoing. Ackman's agent Lee Steinberg said the three times Super Bowl winner had a little contact with Montemorano. He went there with a friend David Nore and never released been in time with him went there with a guy. Okay, some guy. Former UCLA quarterback. What do you think they were doing there? Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Hello. Yes. Okay, what was that? What was that? Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, pound, five, sixty on a mobile one line. Maybe if I give these phone numbers a little, whatever, couldn't get it, but what he said is she got in your, rectum. Okay, have a good time doing it, pal. Five, six, seven, five, six, what is would just happen with that? That guy got chopped off in his sentence there. You wonder why I think there's people parking around his phone? That guy got caught in a middle of sentence one two calls ago. I'll wait. What is it? Hang up. Yeah. Oh, I don't want to hear no music. I want to sound his silence. All right, I'm music. Don't be spoon feeding these people. Well, we got the next break in about three or four minutes here. We can, we have three or four minutes to dinner. They're used to that in this station. Every time they do one of those outside deals, which is almost every show in the station, they have at least what? 15, 20 minutes to dinner. And all of the started spots? We're waiting. Five, six, seven. Oh, five, 60. And pound five, six. Oh, under mobile one line. Mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, you, I don't see anything. Okay. All right, I'd like to go on the other. Another day at the ranch. Just wanna tell you, I'm a closet fan of yours. Yeah. I'd make sure the office they're not. I listen to you, I get me some trouble. Why is that? Why is that? Because they mention words like Muddy Cohen and all this. Uh-huh. Well, that's pretty boring. Tell me what the 20th century. I would just wanna talk about one of the things you were mentioning. Just remember the one person that says Muddy Cohen. That's the Muddy Cohen. That's the one that's worrying about it too much, huh? Anyway, my saw doctors basically, I read my mother just giving her pills and pills. And one pill would cause her to have to take some other pills. And so on and so forth and so, her whole system was almost up. So, I at least personally, I'm taking it where, if I don't have to take it, unless I really, really have to take a pill, I'm not gonna take it. Just naturally or, and usually the body will tell you what it wants as far as as foods or whatever you need to get better. Exactly. I just wanna pass that on because I think the doctors try to fix too many things with pills. Okay. All right, everyone. Okay, sir. Where's those taxes by the way from Dr. Mark? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, 5, 6, 60 out of mobile. One of the hank will be up in VR today. We have no idea why. Doing this show from to the 6. Big, big, big, big, shambi. Oh, oh, big with us too much longer. He'll be of his own that big broadcast, moving the sky. I think he keeps eating up his door. Big, shambi, 6, 10, and Catland 10, a clock tonight. Here's a mobile and open park, hello. He's gonna be a little bit late. Yeah, now. Yes, sir. Oh, shut up. Come back on a phone that works. Here's a mobile and a four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. God, how you doing? OK. I can speak for two weeks, last 13 pounds. Great. Saturday I went to that race in Holston. There was a reunion of Redneck. Yeah, all of them drinking. There was something more beer than God knows of the rest of them. Well, that's what that's all about. It's a Redneck thing. OK, so, Collab, Jill Costello, he'll be on his Sunday, Saturday morning. Anybody here, Jill Costello, show Saturday? No. Six o'clock in the morning. Anybody in the Saudi and Sub-6 and Saturday morning? No. I didn't hear it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. We've come to the end of the road here today, boys and girls. I'm going to pack up my old kid bag and move on to a real place. You know what? That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to move on. We're not going to be anywhere real place where we actually have some people on the talk. These people are going to talk to me anymore. You can only squeeze so much blood out of a turnip. I get the message. I'm not that slow. I get it. 23 years is too God damn long in one place. Move on up to like, maybe go back to Sarasota. It would be good. They love me over there, huh? Maybe set up shopping for Myers. I guarantee if I had some local. If we had some local members, we'd be getting devastated with calls from Fort Mars. We'd have calls up the ass if we were on their Naples Fort Myers. Huh? Venice? Look at that. Have you ever seen anything like this in your life? Never. In the history of my life, I've never seen anything like it. Hi, Alia. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir? I'm calling from Hialia. Unfortunately. That's your problem. Yeah, I know. Listen, I just want to say that this town has to be completely hot. I'm not going to put it dead. I mean, there's absolutely nothing happening in this town. No kidding, no crap. You know, that's why I got to do a senior look at this phone. I know there's nothing going on here. I'm talking to dead people. Four hours a day, every day of my life. In fact, I should get an answer to risk. I'm going to God damn rating book. This man makes a show out of talking to dead people for hours a day. Which ain't easy. Yeah, that's so. That's why I'm to be out of this town in like a month. Yeah. I mean, I live in Atlanta for a couple of years. You have jazz clubs, blues clubs. You've got places that you can actually see live bands playing. Yeah, and there's a few white people up there too, not too many. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's just, I don't know. I just want to thank you for being on the air. You're one of the few people of the country. This is it. This is my last day on this station. Baby, I'm getting out. No way, really? I'm out. This is, you know, I came in here this morning feeling like I was on top of the world. I'm out six days in a row. You know, you can get the message. You know, even I'm not that slow. Are you still going to be in this station? No, I'm out. I'm going to go ahead and the road. I'm putting on the next deck on my back and I'm taking off. Wow. Good luck to your pal. Alright, see you in Atlanta. Yeah. Okay, see you on Peach Tree a road. 1240, I know. I understand the jig is up. Okay, I say that. Sorry. No ticket person. I'm out six days in a row. I'm out six days in a row. I'm out three to put off two. I'm put it out to head down. I'm going to go home with a journey. Come down. Yeah. I want to die. Yeah. I want to die. Yeah. All right. I want to die. Thank you. 21 of miles. I've got to pass ACB. I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! I want to die! Bill. It works the lorsing in the basket. I understand that. What do you like? It works the lorsing in the basket. What do you like to make in the basket? It works the lorsing in the basket. Okay, I will talk to you in the trim of hey. It works the lorsing in the basket. Hello? Hey, it's good to have for Henry Barrow. It's good enough for you. One or nine, it's five, sixty WQMXR new format. Little sample all music all day from ten to two. Hey, listen, if we're going to break up this sports, why do we have to do what we talk? What's wrong with? Little music every day, ten to two. And we don't have to sit here and break for stupid phone calls. These people that they don't want that. They want to sit back and relax. Be entertained. Little great music, man. With my beautiful taste. Have a 30 share by the middle of a June. Take any bulls. Okay, one fourteen to five, sixty. Come here's a very, very sad thanks for one of our regular listeners. There's also a chronic facts. By the way, Bob, I see where you're from, Bob. Here's my observation. He says in the local areas in which your signal reaches you. Have four different types of listeners. One, people are afraid to call because you may disagree with them and rip them an ass. Two, people are afraid to call because their friends may hear them and think their fangs. Three, cornices. And I looked at that and I, I didn't understand what he meant with numbers. I'll get to the missing. Before people like me, we love to show a count once a week, but sometimes when you call us Cornices, which discourages us from calling. And see what I got to number four there. I assume that he means chronic spell. C-R-N-I-C-I-A-S. C-O-R-N-I-C-E-S. Cornices. Cornices. Cornices. Cornices. There's nothing worse than a cornice regular. I love the show couldn't get throughout the day without you and Georgia. I think the one way to solve the problem is to get two-way in to put you on a new market. That'll get new blood in the audience. If the VIX Doctor Laura's on a California cross the US, you'd get a settlement so on. Is that going to happen, Bob? No. No. So we're stuck with our cornices, I guess. I do have a corn on one of my toes, my one of my smaller toes. Kind of write foot. Where's that a cornice? Let's take a poll here. Music or some talk. That's what we're going to start into tomorrow. We're adjusting the format because obviously the town is run dry. I'm loaded with material. I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side. I'm going to put it on the other side because obviously the town is run dry. I'm loaded with material. I'm full of good crap, okay. I'm getting like a second-wind third-wind in this place but the audience said, I've been predicting this for weeks. You heard me say it. There were run enough, it's like when a water starts. You open up the tap, it starts the slow window at trickle. I'll... You've been able to... you could smell it. Five, six, seven, don't answer. Well, pick them up cold here. Instance survey find out the future of this show. I don't think we have one on this station Of course, we have to guess for those ball games two days and roll. That's really helpful Another one there Thursday you hear that on that promo. These Marlin games Made your lawsuit sound like to make low enough the audience on this show We were kicking serious ass. You see that last trend kicking ass all of a sudden they stiffies Marlin games on here We can't buy a call for $50,000 Okay, here's the deal if you'll call right now Greg Reed will give you a million dollars in cash Not give you a million dollar and bring it to your house and give it to you in small bills not huh Five six and look at this even now on a poll. There's I'm telling you there's something going on here Look at that Two lines not ringing on our instance survey here in the future of this goddamn radio show There is something going on with this phone. There's something since we moved up on this floor and you look at me like You know I'm telling you I'm a new is too goddamn long to think that all of a sudden we move from one place downstairs to one of them And they're you're telling me all what they don't come in in the same place and they're back with their upside down My line doesn't roll over even my dog rolls over better than these goddamn lines Q a n say to what I'm telling you How is that possible how could they how could they roll over if they're doing that? What they're not There you go again Greg we take your mononucleosis and all you're having on this and go home, okay Talk to somebody knows how to run a radio station coming here give us some stuff that works They put us up here and he's new in his beren four walls and I'm ready to walk out of here because I got a goddamn phone system On this is the brand new phone system. We're supposed to remember that. Yeah another lie another lie did we get it Oh Happy that our program director running down the whole of the production studio to get Felix the cat down there to shut the thing Oh, we got vibrating studios here this morning Even Kathy will us would have been embarrassed by that even that bitch here and somewhere's would have been psychotic She'd been screaming for the honey beers Q a m Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to talk to you speaking You Yes, oh, hey, what's up man look I just wanted to say look that I appreciate everything that you've done because I'm only 20 years old I've listened to you for a really really long time Yeah, you know and I want to say that you know that this town is full of crap Yeah, I've noticed that I was 20 ago. I first had him delete every year I would just the reason we started noticing that oh no, I thought nothing that two three years ago No, I could just say you were 20 years old. Okay Yeah, you're far your following that one Q a m Yeah, yes, sir. How are you doing today? Okay? You'll go down to the meet like our first the color on the pole was full of crap to me. Oh Absolutely, how are you great? What can we do for you sir? Well, I just want to talk about this thing about the church and so forth No, no, we're forget it too late when I wanted to talk about that you do you wouldn't call me, okay? This is what the artist like tomorrow I'll begin knowing I'll wait from circus I'll be getting calls about that about the thorny horny head and the crowns in the stick in your nail and your thing I'm taking a pole now sir. My lively hood is hanging in the balance here and a few think I'm kidding You may be right Okay Have to sit here and act like some kind of a supple and like a suckling like a cornice That's our audience. I'm serious. I'm talking to idiots you every day Chronics COR and I C E S Is that how that I wonder why by the end of the film monster? I don't know yeah something like that I'm serious man you people are killers and you wonder why anybody with a brain bail out of this town along time ago and every time see I got this bra I've gotten and the reason I felt so much better this morning when I came in and I'm not making this up I adopted a whole new outlook on life. I don't live here I live out of town but only I see a lot of people live here during the week and they live a big way and a weekend I live elsewhere and I want to come here to work Monday through Friday And every every weekend I'm gone pretty much, huh? And then like on vacation time then I'm wherever I really live. I don't really live here I'm just here to work hanging out during the week And I thought to myself, oh right. Yeah, I get over that and then I come in here How many of you weigh in? Any else yes sir? Hey sorry body listen for me. Sorry to bother me. What does that mean? Well First of all with the phones if you call it a dial 1 30 times it hangs up on you. That's the problem What do you mean by that? I was sitting here calling your show phone style and dialing dialing dialing I'm gonna need diamond ringing. Oh, oh, the ringing. I'm sorry. Yeah ringing 30 times did I also get a business signal you got a read dial phone number That's that's what's the problem. There's people calling up and I have to read out But there's still there's sitting here dead. They're not ringing at almost at the time Well, I call black. Why do you do when you so as you said that what I'm just went out? When I call last week, you know I got a busy signal right like you don't really need to phone up the hook One of those real loud obnoxious ones right so somebody obviously posh you know They're they're watching what our phone lines. They're talking about me out of business here And our program directors sitting there worried about what kind of desk I'm gonna buy them Right, I only call you when I have information because I don't know where's your time You say call up if you have something you know halfway decent so I have a decent well, you know You people call the whole you play this bit. I'm even settled for cornices Well, I have an asshole fireport. I want to the gayer nationals this week in the game's oil and I saw your buddy Brian Cox Yeah, so my brother's Nathan and so he is yeah Brother's my brother's talking though, and I'm standing right next to me The other side of the fence he's up there I can see he's given money to some guy for drag race and A brother who drag race the motorcycle and my brother's saying hey Brian I don't I'm gonna my brother. I like it Hey, what's this Ryan looks at me my brother. You don't know who this is He goes a Brian Cox Who's that? Ryan's like oh man So I walk about five six away feet away from the fence at turn off a hate your writers is high He just looks at with these real big guys. Uh-huh. So that was it. Okay. Thanks for the report Was that any good? No, he said he only called money at ten good for us was that ain't it? No But anyway, so much okay five six seven five sixty pomp five sixty on the AT&T world Is that are they responding to my full question here? No, this is not a joke I like the music myself stress free. I'll live another 20 years I'm cuz I'm not walking now. I'll tell you that right now if you think I'm gonna get up take a walk Your dreamin. I show up air me God damn day. I've missed two days in the last 14 months here two six days Right and you were out one day Frieland for illegal alien whatever that was yeah So between the two of us three days we've been out when I like some of these other people show up like once or twice a week, you know And then we're out looking at our one cuz we had a bad day at the track or something We're here every goddamn day rain snow shine slate we show up and I'll still be here And I got news for I I can't afford to go I got the 17 different American Express cars I can go to blockbuster. I can go to what's one in the mall there? Camelot I'm going every goddamn market so I'm by CDs that haven't been pressed yet by artists haven't been born yet I'll have music coming out of your back though that Henry Burrow thing were two and how did this guy know Henry Burrow retired? Where did that come from? They weren't on so how does that unless unless of course somebody called up Sandy? That's possible huh? You think maybe she had a caller have a nice day. Yeah, and how's Andy went by the way? Let's dig her up. Let's dig her ass up And see if there's any stretch marks on it WQAM Imagine that QAM? No, yes sir. Is the question that do you shock? Yes, I do. QAM hello QAM WQAM Hey, I go with the pole. Yeah, so 24 hours a day so I'm out to hear your spaghetti Okay, thank you. WQAM QAM Neil got you sir. How about we have you from 10 to two and in the music till the other 20 hours of the day? Okay WQAM Neil got you sir. Hey buddy. Nothing. It's not that we like Ask a call you. That was our working and you know I just don't want you to do it QAM Neil yes sir. How you doing? Okay. You think the dolphins are going to say 20 more WQAM Who the dolphins are going to draft? WQAM Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. I just call him from Fort Myers over here and I want to let you know I've been calling for the last 45 minutes and yeah, whatever with that guy said before The numbers just been ringing for like 30 tries and Right, so we're not because we're not answering right now. So George don't waste your time Oh, is that what it is? That's ringing and ringing. I'm doing screen-less. That's right. And not only that but look at all the money we saved you Well, I don't know about that. Well, what do you mean by that? How about that? If you're on here now, but if he would answer 40 minutes ago, you would have had a weight You've been on hold for 40 minutes. Oh well, that's thank you very much. Now we are you going to meet you You're on right away. You don't pay one extra penny. How do you like that? I mean, I like that Who keeps to pay for a line for you guys over there? But at least I don't have to put you on hold That's great. I appreciate that I got two things for you. Yes sir. First thing is Jesus and I just got done smoking a joint and he said don't worry about playing with yourself. You can't feel a thing And the other thing is I'm wondering next week and I'm coming over there. Of course. Yeah I'm coming over there to David and I'm wondering if you could recommend the good spot for me to take a dump right in the middle of David Boulevard Maybe wrote extension pound your love it. All right. Thanks a lot. Okay, and be sure and tie your house up real tight There was our best call we've had all week QAM Yes sir, of course it's only Monday. Yes. This is not like a car car car a cornice cornice. Yes. Oh, you're talking about there's What about two weeks ago with the tongue rings? You're wondering why they got something to QAM? Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. Um, great show. Hey Neil. About Yeah, it is it is. It is. Okay. Oh, and what you wanted to do to great show. No, I have something to do I'm going to let's hear it. Let's go. Okay, promising. Let's hear it. Wow about your medical problems. What medical Miss Anne, I feel great. I know, but you're somebody that's very conscientious with your health. Oh, yeah, that's why you look like this. That's why I got a 100 Now How was the March manual the Merck manual? Yeah, it's a book. I already worked it in over the weekend I went to the board story and I waste my money buying and I read up all the stuff I needed to read and I found out What my blood tests were all about what I need to be doing and I'm in great shape today and thank you Merck rhymes with jerk. That's right Oh, there's bulk of Brian he's been working off a lot Got some money for you here by the way, but nice knowing bulk of Brian he's been a great addition to our show It's better what they want to ask all from dates has all the time and keeps calling and hates him like poison By the way, somebody asked me at the track that they you know, would you like some guys to find a guy named Stan major for you 127 is five 60 somebody asked me that If you speak with a draw and have a bad attitude then traffic and I guess and you think burn went down to abortion clinic that is Nothing like the smell and nurses on fire How you drive a truck and where was my lady? I don't know about the jazes this welcome After we make the clinic explode we'll go find a nigger and drag them down the road You'll be proud you're from the South boy Double wide Southern Brian now if there should be a woman trapped inside will rape her really as in sealer First before she dies and ever afraid the Bible to Valor phase our barbarism ignorance and see thing a Ingrade that is power up some garth Brooks to No, we are the Christian soldiers of God like to wipe our house with a little pork off and when we're not burning Churches or clinic down we play our bandos in the trees with me this is our no That's what Christians are required right there in the old ground now Right okay 132 at 560 WKM Hank Goldberg up in fear or but all those adjox differs up there today between two and six Luke Shambi He's gonna be doing a little rock and roll sports talk sister clock and capital of the odds and games that haven't been invented yet all the odds on ladies Dice sports 10 o'clock tonight. Okay, we're taking our survey lots of and I know that 30 30 ring thing What kind of crap is that anyway? It's always been like that, isn't it? Yeah five six seven Oh five 60 you see you're not determined enough. That's the point don't be blamed in a phone company Don't be blamed in the 30 ring thing blame yourself For not caring enough to send you very best or worse the anything in between That's the point with this crowd they get weaker and weaker and more and more passive and more and more Passenger they want to be spoon fit they want me to sit here and do a tap dance for four hours every day Am I gonna do it God damn right I'm not gonna do it 5 6 7 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line Q a m What was it? Hold please oh Oh gosh finally all that damn running Hey, Neil yeah, what's all you doing great show? Yeah, yeah, anyways listen now. I have a question for you Me and my friend are doing and work about you Q a m Yeah, sure. I mean, I mean, I could see go, but if you don't you feel they're going to go with the show You know that okay Q a m Oh Elvis color for us a bay met WQ a m You know that's not it like that sounded like a DJ was that down on the phone WQ a m Q a m come on you can do it Huh You can like I said you can't do it 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line Q a m hello Yes, this is a real fan you know I've been on 36 years old. I'm listening to you since I'm 13 I really call it I don't really get a chance too much. Let me say the about the kiosk is last night I saw you're the first caller to talk about the Oscars last night sure I mean that's so obvious. I mean you could fall off a cliff it's there and you're right in the face And we had one call about the Oscar about Ilya Kazen about the Roberto abagio or a butini whatever that kind no Roberto Panini I'll tell you what it was I stole a little bit of it was It's audience terminal If you want to see something good, I know if you're so the other night The most places you go to the airport is a big sign of the terminal you come to this time When you get to the county line is a huge signs of terminal As you come in that as you go now right I told you see the rock and roll for a fan the other night no Oh, that was something you to love that now with Billy Joel and Bruce Brings thing I'm a pubic in my brain. I tell you what at the end they had it They had it they ought to take the whole piano and bury the piano man under it You're like the piano man. I don't see Billy Joel again. It would be much too soon Well, I tell you what they had is common rise. They had a javanoy Eyes they had former card. We were praying. What are what time the ship landed that he came off of that piece of crap Do you Joel my ass? There was Joel. We see his wedding on paper sack Oh McCawney. Well, I don't think I could play piano better and he does he I was drummer for him. By the way, like the line of here you're boring Christ Such as suck holes. We got here You know Yeah, cornices it's all the corn is regulars Why corn it's cornices There was Bob for total flooring stacks by the way chronic facts here Somebody Q a n Regrally H2 WQ good. Thank God. It's mutual Q a n. Oh, yes, sir. Look the lotion your ass Q a n Pass it over sir Q a n hello. See how you feel okay I am so happy to be talking to you Hi, that's only x n Q a n hello. Yeah, that's you had a Fernando Lamos. This is for page X For it up W to Q a n They're doing messages for cornice college. How do you like that? And I always love it when somebody identifies themselves like with a you know with a moniker like that Like a win ski with a moniker Pete I'm the business ppx for it. This is the eddy. I'm a furlough action to say this is eddy. I shouldn't say that how's he doing by the way? We got him locked up W to Q a m They freeze major Miami, but W to get was him W to Q a m hello Yeah, much back in W to Q a m W to Q a m yes, yes, you're a station The way the Walker is calling now chronic that's who that was the cool the Walker nice here and for me Haven't heard your voice on the talk shows any more since I out of you how does that escort service coming? W to Q I think he's in a cool and in book W to Q a m Neil 16 times for 127 times. Yeah, how you doing okay? I hope a pin-out What is it? I hope a large W to Q a m? I know how you doing okay. My brother Kevin Rick the do you tag in you tag in you W to Q a m Life cards have 30 W to Q a m You got nothing you? Speaking Hey, me on a wire. Okay. Hey, I was gonna say that pop show This is a talk reading and for the talk stuff that you're the back And that's yeah, anybody doesn't believe that just wasn't in the show today. W to Q a m Hello, yes, sir Yeah, let's go. Let's go. Come on. What is it? What can we do for you sir? Oh, the brand stinks. Oh, there you are. Oh, there you body. All right Come on, leave him on W to Q a m G Now that come on you can do better than that that was the worst Eddie I ever heard in my life Even special I can do a better than that W to Q a m You know, no I'm can't remind me of my W to Q a m I Yes, sir Wait a minute for a second here Is that work Liny Hello For just a second there I thought it was ringing maybe they're working on in the phone line too I think it's the wich is to all I'm and got lost and line up here in Miami Anybody's got complaints call Larry Mexican and Southern Belle. Okay, he's been screwed up my lines for 20 years W to Q a m Neil God. Yes, sir W to Q a m Only yeah, they had they have no is that that in due towards Only if or Neil got two words they don't want to waste them because they don't have any material Excellent, see I I had you guys pegged at me right out of a science all you cornices out there All you corn whole what cornices out there This is beautiful. See see what I'm saying There's 50 million people out there and every single one of them are just like these that you're here now So if you just came into town it ain't too late Anybody have a heart or a liver? No 143 at 560 W Q m the good knows he does always just silver lining in the middle of the darkest cloud Henry Barrow and Roger Magnet and Matt Magitlin Walk out on waxed this morning and guess why Monday morning here on a Q a m Henry Barrow and Roger Magilin All we can see that is oh yeah at least then we got a lead in What what are you laughing about We try to get when you read that deal filter. Hey listen. I mean we've been shopping for a morning show in his place for a few months now Followed those three steps in a morning. Are you kidding me? I come in here this morning and I'm I'm coming to this room and the default and Joe Rose are standing around playing baseball in a hallway And I'm thinking what's on here in there Is there anybody on the ear? Oh, I don't make any difference we can still do that one cheer. You know easy Henry Barrow and and Roger Magilin would Rogers enter Tema report Monday 29th at 560 Way and finally we'll lead in with our good old friends Henry Barrow and Roger you're good buddy By the way, he wants to work till 2 W to Q a m Yeah, I'm calling for Neil speaking I mean like a good news Well, I'm just sitting here I'm going to release from our program director. It's official What's that no more first team starting next Monday Oh, well, I don't know if that's good or bad. I'm in the line of a balance and I'm hearing all these idiots call your gift But some matter with these people they live in South Florida suspected them so don't you understand? They got into good excuse In fact, maybe I'm sitting here going with the little bit like that. I live here too I was the one in my price guy and I'm supposed to have an IQ larger than my thumbnail Well, let's talk about something else Roger and what is that? Well, I'm I'm asking you I thought maybe you might like a little three there from all these videos Well, what I want to talk about that's intelligence here. What did you want to say? Oh, it's for uh, W to Q a m Yeah, we're talking Neil. He's just a corner. Yes, sir I'm about to speak speaking Speaking go through that oh, Neil. Yes. Sorry That the only cause they had last night. Yes, who was a Who's not clapping because I have new founders spec. I saw a nickname. I didn't hear it's not cool After when he was getting that thinking award well, he now I only saw this morning They showed the clips and they showed it so fast. I nicked old he was like in the front row and of course You can't miss him because he looks like a worn out old drunk Right, so I wish I'd have taped it so I could see who Me here is in that white Amy Madigan on the nose. Yeah the role militant type She's kind of Roger Maddo and yeah Yeah, I don't find all the names will build a goddamn statute all those people that had the guts to sit down To that backstabbing turncoat, Elya Kazan Yeah, man, rock styrofoam. Have you seen him for last two weeks? He's but every he was on Larry King everywhere Talked about about a piece of crap that Kazan is and I was like We liked that rock styrofoam. Oh, he's a good guy. He's a great guy. Yeah, I guess I was Marlon Brando by the way same person They showed Marlon Brando was I didn't see it, but I saw the previews. It was a rerun of an old interview with what's his name? Oh, yeah the other night and Marlon like totally incoherent, you know somebody bad the acid trips with Mr. Peepers and He just and Larry was yet more and more flustered and flustered and it ah, you know And then Marlon reached over to put that big lot of cotton in his mouth WQAM Yes, well, I'm not familiar with speaking Neil yes Last but the only thing I said that I'm a Academy Awards the only thing that I saw that was worth anything was did you miss arrows Smith They were on it Erilsmith playing Armageddon the thing all first off from our game, which was number one on the hit parade by the I didn't see it. That was the best thing on the on the show. Were they good? Yeah, of course and the girl that introduced was a Tyler I guess that's his daughter He was I yes Steve Tyler's daughter a knockout. I'm looking there you go Great I just thought you You know how you like her Good news thank you so much. Yeah, Tony is Steve Tyler's guy Show suck, but Steve Tyler was great and his daughter's a sweetheart in a knockout and a great piece So what does wrong with that huh? See I know I got the good taste you're not fooling me you can Dittle around all your bullcraft all you want WQAM Hello, yes, sir Henry bear oh Meal mobile About here a Henry Burstern yeah News If you're least sure well I'm not getting the scat for four buyers the Joe show over there He tries to imitate everything that you do and I think it would be a great lead in for you know WQAM I can't believe no one's brought up the movie that won best documentary The doctor of documentary about Miami no was called yet dead man walking Oh Oh I hear it running while I'm expecting you know Dr Mark to be factually the rest of the huh? Yeah Hey, he's busy okay just came along with the phone numbers he's probably still asleep and off from all at Monkey business. He was built over the weekend that's funny business All that comedy he was playing with a WQAM That was pretty funny. I got dead man walking. That was beautiful. Oh It goes to show you I've always said if we can go through about 2000 calls we finally get a good one So if we do have that 1900 crappy calls who cares? Got a little bit with me any some players. Yes, sir. How do you like that penalty shot? I didn't see alive I saw the take last night boy no chance There you know the I got a EA bear look like Herbert Good craft four years ago when they made this when they made the finals I told everybody I said you better enjoy because they may never make it again Yeah, am I right well, but it was just a fluke. I mean they got hot for a couple of months Everybody seems to think that You know that there was a great team. It wasn't a great team. It was a team of over-achieveers People play real hot for about two months and they got struck and shepherd right there at the end And they carried him on in there and true and they you know, so it would go fluke They had great they actually had a decent defense and great gold and they would you carry it up right? Hey, I don't know if you break along the way. Yes, it's Harry Murray sucks But that's beyond a shadow of a doubt a nice move start in Captain Kirk is your concept They and give it up three goals in about two minutes in LA and then they come back from four nothing It lose four three, but maybe if Brooke would have played they win that game I'll just keep in mind if they get out if they lose out on a playoff spot by one or two points remember Saturday night in Los Angeles, okay? Remember Terry Murray? Oh, yeah, but they're playing the two but it makes no difference Okay, when you're down the stretch and you go in into big games, you know, it's start your backup goal in a big game like that when you need every point But what does he know? WQAM Yes, sir. That doesn't mean speaking It's real sound like me. Is this you? Yeah, okay? WQAM Hello, yes, sir Speaking speaking Neil yes Is that Neil? WQAM WQAM I'm saying about those banana boat people Banana boat people you you have nothing to offer you have nothing to create and once you go back Why did you go back and take care of the orials down there, okay? suit up put on your little jackstrap Play little grab ass with each other in the showers and then they'd be play a little baseball too And take care of those orials in the fiddle at the same time, okay? Little mitochondrial is that's all they got did down there prancer around in little banana down around south beach prancer around with their hands on each other's back hand in hand You know fully anybody okay drill and glory holds in the tea rooms at Westland Now to see you ought to see the pictures at the glory holds in the command and book all at Westland and higher layer So to much a little who he was done right I got right in the book WQAM What was that whatever? Speaking of English. Okay. Oh, he was a tad yeah likely story WQAM Hello Neil yes, sir Is this home already up? Yes WQAM You're listening pal so you must know you must know if it's home already See everyone you then see this is this is a brief synopsis of your lives Because how many times do I said this before you can call up not a call on home? What do you want the fact is you're listening to it nobody's holding your gun to your head and you're listening to it every minute of every day if I was on 10 hours today You listen 10 hours a day So what does that say about to You then how you spell that j WQAM the bird live I could say something WQAM hello Hey, what's up? How you doing sir? Pretty good And he's got her and he airs his music yeah, and Really this steps a man WQAM So home okay I want WQAM You knew how to go okay, um, what does that mean how's it going? Well, what is that? Well, how's going? How's your day? You're not listening to the show. Oh, I'm saying how you're doing, you know? I'm doing grace Anyways, that's your day going. Well, pretty good thing. Okay. How's your day going? Good good The sports cast my day goes are pretty good last one and watch the channel fan diverge in olive oil Amazing gym man that's uh guy he bear That's what he called gui bear Yeah, well, he doesn't know another for hockey. What do you want? He's all bent out of shit because Michigan State won and uh, you know his team can't be fine I can't get arrested Exactly. That's what he's been out of shape is that the Spartans are going all the way We still Saturday anyway. Oh, well, I just wanted to say these guys know nothing about hockey Okay, thank you well we know that that's then nothing new we already know that this is uh this is a sport This is this is a football and a little bit of a few other things, but it's a football and gambling station That's it That's all you got Did they really know anything about basketball other than they're giving old news about Zo No, no, they know anything at all about baseball. No, we in fact we everybody under station agrees We don't ever want to hear another baseball game. No, we have no choice Thursday at 1250 by the way