The first attack is the final 5-60WQAM I am before Lodervale presents the Neal Rodgers Show. They're talking Neal called 5-6-7-0560 toll free for David Broward, or now 5-60 on your cell call. The opinions of Neal, his guest co-workers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. These are the best ways to be read acquisitions for the free-sleeve broadcast room. Now, Neal Rodgers on Sports Radio 5-60Q-8-10. Hey, what's he has a pair? He is one good looking guy. Oh, I'm such a beautiful singer. All the guys they want me from the old to the teenager. I am hot, I have to stay. In real good my acting's over, take out I look good. I have a chance with the studio for singer. I got such a great bedroom line, and a bar down that too short. With my self-increemly size, how to keep you never know. And to see me is to want me. Got out your type of deep. My daughter's touch with me. You seem me all over M.C.V. Now that it's morning here, I know you want me. To die to die to die to die to die to die to die. You're a good singer. To die to die to die to die to die to die to die to die. You're a good singer. What am I going to do about it? It's 10 or two at 5.60 WKYM. Happy Monday to you. Have I ever said before, American Airlines sucks? Let me just say it again. Over and over and over again. And I feel bad in a way because I'm sure there are a lot of very nice people that work for that airline like flight attendants and they've even some of the pilots in the board of their pilots. I would like to know the last time that that airline ever flew a flight that left on time and got to where it was going on time. Okay? I think before the right brothers were infants, maybe that's what happened. But since then the answer is never happens. They're unbelievable. They're just so bad it's beyond belief. And this is what's happened now. It is God damn one world. And all these right wingers talking about one world government. It's one world airlines. What is what the problem is? The star alliance and this alliance and that alliance. And the meantime the bottom lines we get screwed. And I'm going to tell you something. You piece first of all the people at the airlines are the kiss to ground that there isn't more Everyone behavior going on these days. More psychotic people. More air what do they call it? Air rage. We've got road rage. Air rage. It's an air rage. Because they've got you conditioned like a bunch of cattle. Well we're going to be seven hours late. Wow. Okay. Yeah. Start getting pissed off. That's what I would do. Especially if I'm going somewhere. I don't mind being seven hours late coming back here. Do you understand? Like last night. Toronto. Oh three hours late. Okay fine. There's no hurry getting back to Miami ever. In fact three days late would be good. That was. I would have said. Yeah. Excellent. And I'm going to say it again. What goes on those of you who hate like poison Miami International Airport. It's very fashionable to say, oh, I always fly out of Fort Lauderdale. Because I don't want to go anywhere near Miami International Airport. And the reason being. The reason being that those people I've said this a couple of weeks ago who fly out of those terminal C and D, which is the American Airlines terminals. You feel like you in a banana boat place. The way everything goes on there is like you were flying to Pakistan or somewhere. Who are all those people who are in those terminals. Airbeef flight is chaotic. They haven't got any idea how to border flight, how to get people on. And addition to which. What is the deal? Is it one or is it two carry ons. That's a limit. I guess each year line has. I think it's supposed to be only one. One piece of carry on luggage or maybe two. Like a small one. You could stick out of the street or just. You could stick it up your ass. There are people of course going up Friday. I'm in coach because there was no space in first class and not having any great context. Like some of the big shots like the BGs for example. I couldn't get, you know, not anybody out there. So I'm in coach for the first time in a long time. I want to say I don't want to this this sound insincere. I'm commiserate with all you Schlepper's out there that have to fly coach all the time. Seriously. I don't know how you do it. There are sardines that are treated better when they're stuck in a can. Then you people of flying coach and believe me. There are no bargains. Very damn few one year line. They soak you in arm and leg. They squeeze the life blood out of you. No matter where you want to go. And now that they have these alliances. It's collusion baby. We would always used to have these price wars and not going to price down and not going to. Not anymore. You don't see that. Used to be $3,800 to fly business class. Any major airline. Lufthansa KLM. Elatatic for my minute. Just about anywhere in Europe. $3,800. Now it's $6,200. I'm all of them. Which is why Martin there. You know, let's some of us fly Martin there. Virgin Atlantic. Anything else? Who now wants to pay $6,200. It better be a damn good flight for $6,200. But unless you're a millionaire. See, this is a very, very strange concept. You know, something you bow to those American Airlines who are having a year. And the first clue you're going to have a problem. You're going to wait and hear them playing smoke. It's in your eyes on the EPA. That's a bad bad start when they're playing smoke. It's in your eyes. You want me to talk about it about it? Yeah. That's a good looking guy. Yeah. Oh, he's a hell kind of long later. That's right. That was the only good thing about getting stuck in the airport in Toronto last night. Who was on my American Airlines flight? Old number 14. Get on that plane. I'm sitting right up front there. Shift my hand so hard that the blood just drained out of it. I said, well, where are you? Okay, my book, pal. Ray Whitney, the wizard. What a great guy, huh? That didn't go bother me. He was sitting up there all by himself for three hours. The terminal. I didn't go bother him. I didn't go. You know, be it. Because you know, one thing I don't ever want to be. Besides straight is one other thing I don't ever want to be. And that's a groupie. You have any idea how I despise groupies? I'm not talking about not for sample any airport license. I had a couple of the queen. I mean guys who have a gate travel agency and mommy. Funny guys had a great conversation. Kowala time. Good guys. You know, and there are people always, you know, no matter where to. I'm traveling. I need a how you doing. Don't mind talking to those people if they're nice. But the groupies. You know the ones I'm talking about. You know the ones I'm talking about. Those people are nauseating. So I would never ever want to be perceived as a groupie of anybody, which is another reason like that backstage thing with Luis Miguel. I mean what do I need that for? I don't need to go back. I'm gropey. That's one thing. I don't mind being a gropey. I'd rather be a gropey than a groupie. You know what I'm talking about? I think you do. As a matter of fact speaking to being a gropey. What was that thing that you were saying this morning? I grabbed the wood. Yeah okay. Sounds reasonable to me. Don't know what's all about. Grab the wood. Yeah he knows about that. By the way, I hate to break the news to you. But Joe Costello wasn't the only one who thought I was going to broadcast the Dolphin game on Saturday night. Yeah he wasn't the only one. No don't feel bad. Joe there were a lot of other schmucks out there too. I got sucked into the band. Like I'm going to go to the first of all. This stop into about a Wayne high penga is going to let me broadcast the games. See because first of all if that wasn't in the impediment, I'd be doing the panther games this year. I'm probably the greatest living hockey in the country. Maybe next to Joe Bolin in North America today. Whether you know that or not. But I wouldn't even consider suggesting that because that's a Wayne thing. You know, you can just hear it now. No chance baby. How about Rogers for doing those games? No. What is it? Nope. Nope. Okay. What you saying? No. Or you're just getting on a floor with that bitch when she said no. And she's a teacher no less saying no. Yeah. Rounds of dope. So what do I'm going to do about four hours in American Airlines today and why they sucks so bad? If they spend as much time concentrating on let's try to get some more. Let's try to take off on time. Just want to see what it's like as they do on their gourmet cuisine in first class. Which I didn't need to food. Would you like the chat to be all the first nother glass? The, you know, a hot bunch on day with the whipped cream nuts and cherries? How about getting me where I'm going on time would be good. So screw the food. Okay. Honey. Although I did actually discover a heterosexual nail flight attendant on the American Airlines last night. What a good looking guy. Two by the way. Hmm. Hmm. I'm serious. With a wedding band and a whole bit. Very much. How will we post as you more? You live in the gay barter town. Unfortunately, he likes girls and coming soon to theaters everywhere. You'll see why he has his ass wide shut. Oh my god. I dropped my cheese. What am I going to do? Hey, hot stuff. You can depend over and pick those up or you're just going to stand there and stare at them. And over. Impossible. He has to keep his ass wide shut. What the, the emergency. I dropped my cheese officer. Oh my. Can you cover me? Quickly. Clunch. No matter where he goes or who he meets. He must remember to keep his ass wide shut. Thank you, officer. That is a close one. What the, how you see your ass wide shut. Come on soon. That 15 at 5.50 WQM. So I would like to ask. You know, what is it about terminal C and terminal D at Miami International Airport? Is there something? Is there like a sign somewhere that I've never seen? It says banana boat portion of the terminal is that what that is? It's got to be it. I mean, I don't really care who else is flying on a plane as long as they're like reasonable. And don't have too many weapons with them. And you know, don't have more than 20 or 30 pieces of carry on luggage. What is that? And it's amazing to me that you're not having brawls back there in coach because like I said, boarding the flight. Summer lines don't have to board a plane and do it. In fact, my, the two, I mean, the two guys with the travel agency would tell me about Southwest. Now I never fly Southwest because I don't ever go anywhere that Southwest flies. We've been through this. You know, if you want to go from here to Tampa, you've got seven stops. I think it's a great airline, but they take three short hops. Like a hops given a jump. But they're telling me that when you go there, you've got, you know, you're calling your reservation. They get in your buyer ticket. And you give you like a plastic boarding card, number one to 100. And they do it in groups of 30. You follow what I'm saying. And so if you're like number, whatever, the first 30, you go on first. And they do it strictly by that. Otherwise you sit in your ass and that's the way to do it. Not an American. The planes coming in from Guatemala. It's about an hour and 45 minutes late. And then it's five. This is Friday going up. And then Friday, we sit there, sit there, sit there, sit there. And finally, here's the plane. 10 minutes earlier than they anticipated. And now another half hour later, we're just when you think you're going to be boarding. Surprise. They haven't, they haven't serviced the answer. They haven't done the food catering yet. Does anybody know why? No, no. They just haven't got around with you. Any special reason? Nope. No. And then you get on a plane. You get on the flight and it's like chaos. Chaos. It was like alotalia. I've always told you. Alotalia, once you get up in the air, greater line. What is great? The flights are to, they use 747's greater line. On the ground, it's like typical Italian chaos. You know, I took peek. You know, crazy people. And that's American. In Miami. It's the American F and way in my international airport. It's chaotic. And of course, how can you blame people after they've been sitting there waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and they keep lying about when you're going to leave. And so I'd go and slept all the way back there. Road 26. See whatever it was. A second to last row in a plane. Okay. No problem. I'm not no big shot. I can handle it. I'll survive. It's only 2.5 hour flight. Now here they come. Here come all of an animal people. And he'd got, they've got their life's possessions with them. They've got 600 pieces each of carry-ology. And now, some of the poor bastards who pay pretty good money to get on his plane. They want to sit down. I know that comes as a great shot to you. But they actually, sometimes before they die, they would like to get to their seat and sit the hell down. Is that possible on American boy? No. Not out of my in, it's not. And I really thought there was going to be a brawl in the in the aisle. Because there was this one old bag. Oh, well, you know, I mean, she's got a sticker. I think I'll, okay, but get your ass out of the aisle honey. So these poor couple of bastards can get by and go sit down. Like you're supposed to be doing now. And it's just a chaotic, unruly psychotic scene. And now, of course, you know, you've waited all this time to take off. And the captain comes on adding itself to injury. It says, well, folks, we're already to push back here. As soon as you get your asses in your seat, that kind of thing. So in other words, we're ready to go. We got clearance to get out of here. But you've got a bunch of embassyels, lunatics, maniacs. Somebody should be punching their lights out. Just throw their ass in a seat, buckle it up in there. And if they come too fine, if not too bad, crazy people. And see, you know, having a luxury of making enough bucks that I fly first class all the time. And I know I've said this before. I've given them a second and third chance because you only have so many choices. Never ever again on American Airlines. I would unless they decide to give me for free first class with a chat that way on and for hot pot Sundays. Unless they decided to do that, forget it. No chance. And again, I realize there are a lot of good people. I've got a lot of listeners, the American, the listeners show. I apologize. I don't take it personally unless you want to. Good flight attendance. And that flight last night coming back. Great flight attendance, especially the guy. But nevertheless, seriously, they were great. So I'm not blaming them. They're not responsible for it. But what is it about this airline that they just can't get their goddamn act together, no matter how many wrecks, no matter how many new wrecks. And I'm here on all the stories from these travel agency queen guys. And the other people had no me in here, porcite and talk it. And they're telling me horrors stories about taking off, turning around and going back and flight's being canceled. It's never ending. Never ending. Why is it so difficult? And wasn't it just about a week ago that on the news that were given us this big song of dance about, well, the public is fed up. And now we got good news. We've got some relief because the FAA and some other bunch of dancehall's got together. And there's going to be some place in Virginia where they do all the routing and everything. They're going to be doing it for a way. And so if the plans come with it a few feet of each other, they don't care. Whatever it's going to be. If they, you know, if they tips to the wings happen, I touch a little bit and you see a little, a little bit of a few sparks in the year, don't get panicky. We're just trying to speed things up a little bit. That was a big propaganda. It was going to get better. Did it get better? No, it's getting so much worse. That it's a, you better leave six in the morning if you hope to get to more by midnight. Even if it's like a Tampa. Even if you're flying to Fort Myers for whatever reason to get some of that bad food, I got to go for a Myers story, by the way, which I'll get to eventually, if I can find what I did with it. A lot of bunch of people getting sick getting food poisoning over there and Fort Myers. How do you like that? I think I lost it. That's okay. Nobody over here cares about anyway. Don't take it personal over there for a Myers. We just don't care about it. Okay. I think we'll be sure to use barbecue something like that. So maybe we'll find somebody who actually in the last five years flew in American Airlines to fly, got on the plane on time. The part that close to on time and got to where they were going within about five hours of when it was supposed to get there. And they just don't seem to care. You know, I mean, Captain always comes on very apologetic. Oh, we're so sorry. You know, and then you can hear him all chuckling in the background. Like, oh, yeah, we really give a crap. Who wants to get to Miami anyway? Here's a mobile and oh, you didn't redo the phone. There you go. So means they're coming. We're all set up here and we can't get the goddamn show on here because we didn't reboot the phone this morning. Here we go. Oh, help me, God, Greg Reed. And you know, I wasn't even going to say this on here. We were having a seminar in a hallway this morning. What are we going to do about all this Joseph Gackie being on this station so much? You believe he's going to be on from six to ten tonight again. Oh, my God. Was there a barbecue? Who's there a barbecue? You were fried at birth, Joe. Okay. Just take a look at your post. Look at the mirror and you can tell you were barbecue at birth. Six to ten. We got him on here again today and the rumor has at the reason he's on so much is because Greg Reed loves Joseph Gackie. And that's why we got this piece of crap phone equipment in here. So we can't start like a real professional radio station. I go through my whole field got a whole bunch of people online here ready to rock and roll. And now we can't put the goddamn show on here because we got a cheap ass. Nice. There's God damn phone system in here. This is the state of the art studio that this man lied to his teeth about. The same man that keeps putting Joseph Gackie on here. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, how you doing? Okay. This is the young and young twins, one of them. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. I didn't want to tell you about, or I'm Hispanic Duke. And you know how you talk about the people who, the banana people people bring the bring their life's possession out of the domain way. Carry on. Well, that is true because you see on my parents. I don't pack red suit because my grandma wanted to go to the flight. So I think from Guatemala, I thought, and she brought back her character of the food that they feed you on the place. You didn't finish it. So she packed it up and put it in her suit in her pocket and brought it home when they hit it. Beauty. What do you think about that? And her put it in her purse. Yeah. The coast long to pickles. By the way, remember how I told you that me and my brother went. Yeah. Well, my coach is there to win, also. But they're not young and hung, they're old and done. Okay, pal. All right. See you. Yeah. Okay. Good guys, but no material. Okay. What happened here now? See that this is what goes on when you're trying to do a goddamn radio show with a bunch of play dough. That's what happens with an erector set with no erection. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. God. All right. I've been stressed from this today. I'm going to have to be taken a vacation for you soon. I'll tell you that right now. We got managed to do. Yeah. Then at 6 o'clock, I know. I know it's start to believe, but at 6 o'clock. Jerse a gackie. We'll be back for more punishment. Not for himself, but for the audience. We've got a board for you. Who's up a. That's good. That's good. A man who just couldn't possibly be on radio or television. He'll be on this radio station. 6 to 10 tonight and capplen. Hey, Ed. How'd you like to follow Joseph Ackie for four hours then? You think follow on to Marlins' bed? You ain't seen nothing yet, sweetheart. Yeah. Here's a mobile info. Hello, Ed. Anyhow, how you doing? OK, sir. Yeah. I'll probably want to be a big excuse and you're right about. Nobody really cares down there. One of them. I'm not saying that all the employees are like that, but most of them are 6 to hour an hour employees. People are working on a ramp. People are servicier. Crack. They really don't care. They're not the time they can't get them to show up for work. And it's basically where the airlines are operating. Now keep their cars down there. Just stay high all part time and low wage workers. Yeah. And that's basically one of major problems. Great. That's uplifting. It really is a confidence booster here in that. Yeah. That's one of main reasons. Yeah. OK, thanks for the good news. Well, we have a little bit of a problem today. Oh, so they were telling me about one flight that it was America worse their lines. They couldn't get the plane off the ground because they couldn't fit the nozzle into the gas tank in the plane. True story. That was the excuse that they gave. They couldn't put the the lotion in the basket. They couldn't put the nozzle in the hole. Which I'm sure that there's some of the flight attendants who have that problem, but never less. I don't want to say what airline they work for. 560 50560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. See we're still waiting on one person that got somewhere on time from American Airlines. It lasted two years. We heard from anybody yet. No. No. No. It likes that. It likes that. It's like coordinate off. OK. Just let all the illegal aliens go in that part of the airport. Not like re-eleaving and breathing citizens. No, forget about that. Let us go some other place. But the illegal aliens. That's your area man. Just slip all your stuff. On your crap. Crazy people coming on there with their arms loaded. Drag it every kind of thing imaginable. You ever saw and then try to jam it and those poor little overhead spots. Just jam it. And then of course the best part is you got your bag up there. You know, nice and small and then we'll proper size. And all of a sudden now they're smashing into the back because they're shoveling all kinds of crap on there. Over and underneath and around and in front of your goddamn bag. That you're hoping to pull out of there and get off the plane if you ever get where you're going. Crazy people. You mark my words man. You ain't seen nothing yet. You think those two episodes in Boston that was only the beginning. And I'm not suggesting that people ought to be, you know, because it's dangerous getting crazy up on a plane. 37,000 feet up at a year. But people's patience, baby. It's going to start running out. You know what I'm saying? 1026 and 560 WQAM. She and I. Oh, my wife is really hurts to blow you know. Why do she have a really small mouth? Why? No, she's got a cold. There knows this all rough from the tissues. No, you talking about. Make an answer to yourselves at work today. Uh, the same thing as you. Yeah, that's what I mean. Then try a duel. What does your mouth have to do with blowing? It's medically proven to erase up to 24 hours of memory. Wait a minute. Do all of them. You six faster for when you really f*** up. 1031 at 560 WQAM. Welcome to cattle call. Because that's basically what we are. Anybody that flies anybody uses commercial airlines. You just a bunch of cattle all of us. And especially if you're flying in coach. Maybe that's why they charged about 50 grand to fly from here to like to Jacksonville in first class. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a pilot for American. And I haven't been on a flight to take an off on time this month either. Wow. And why is that? Well, they got a CEO down there. Don Cardi that's screwing the whole airline up. He's putting every labor group fighting against itself. Yeah. He's a slick guy. But how long is it? How long does he think the public's going to put up with this? He doesn't care. They're bottom line number crunchers. Yeah. And all he always. Because I thought there were empty seats on that flight last night. Even with three hours delay, you think that maybe they get some stragglers coming on to fill up the plane. There weren't these seats even in first class. Yeah, they're messing it up. He doesn't understand. He just follows employees. Nobody wants to work for it. Nobody's talking. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news. I mean, what is there to say? You know, what am I going to say to this guy? He's one of the pilots. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And let me ask you this. What kind of a, I'm not knocking because there are a lot of great flight attendance. Like I said, the people on this plane last night were very nice. Personally, the guy. But what kind of person wants to do that? Like a person who's married. Because I'm realizing that most of the women of flight attendance are married. Number one. And this guy was most of the male flight attendants as you know, or well, I don't want to say the word. But what they are. But this guy was married with a wedding band and a real good looking guy. But what kind of a life is that? What kind of family life can you have when you're like a couple of days will be here and you got to stop over. You know, you're not going to be telling me. I don't know she got like a really bad marriage, you know. Get a lot of the side. I know she got somebody at home with a real bad B.O. And you just, you know, or somebody who fights a lot, something like that. And it's really good excuse to stay to hell away from there. I just don't understand that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Well, that call we had there from male captain, oh, from male commander, they didn't sound too uplifting, huh? As far as flying American anytime soon. Did it? Oh, I wanted to go for a little bit of American Airlines. And the fact that every single time you want to go somewhere, that they're, you know, I don't want to mind 20 minutes late. A half hour late, 45 minutes late, especially if it's a weather related thing. I mean, you know, they can't do anything about the weather. If you're going to Houston last night, probably didn't get there too soon. You know, I'm saying like it all. I understand that. But just generally speaking, as of one of the mill, total and utter chaos. Fort Lauderdale, hello. Right. Yes, sir. If it wasn't for you, rag and on, exactly. I wouldn't have even listened at all. Like I really does suck. Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, I mean, you know, I think another thing I, I think, do what the American, up to Memphis, or American, or American, or American, or American, I mean, or to Frank. On American, on American, on a Friday. And they stole tools. I was brought up there to go to school. So, I told them that I took out some of the things. Well, I had dinner with the baggage. They stole your tool? Yeah. They stole them. They're Friday night. They got to the hotel on a Friday night. I called the airline and told them that they said, we have to call the meeting office. And you have to make the, you have to make the clean within 24 hours. Yeah. So you're so well. Right. And the clothes are weekend. Yeah. So you couldn't make a clean morning for the weekend. So if they rip you off on a Friday, they get away. I keep them out of my pouch next time. If I were you, they'll grab your tool every time. 560, that's what they said in Clockwork Orange. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. The other thing this audience goes anywhere. You know, every time I talk about some kind of airline related things like, well, we don't know what you're talking about. We don't have the big money like you can't be flying all over the world all the time. They don't go anywhere. That's the problem at this time. Most of the people, maybe it's only the banana boat people. How the hell can they get it for to be going on these flights? That's what I wonder. You look at some of those people and throw the people sitting in first class. You know, that somebody else must have bought the ticket or else they stole it or something. Yeah. Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What kind of day is this? The worst. I'll tell you what. What is that, Max? I gave up flying about two years ago. Yeah. If it's anywhere from the radius of Atlanta on down to beautiful Miami, I drive. Yeah. Two years ago, they were having some real fair mark down. I was lucky enough to get stuck in coach on another airline. I won't name Delta. And they're not ready when you are by the way. No, never. And people were getting on, told about carry on luggage. Using hefty bags as they're carry on luggage. No, you got to admit, that's classy. That's really classy. Crap everywhere. Yeah. I'd like to end there. I said, that's enough. No, mom. That's it. No, mom's so much. Forget it. Yeah. And now I drive. I got that last car. I've traded. I had 200,000 miles on it. Nice German car. Way back. Lissons to CDs are relaxed. I get there within an hour. They're airplane anyway. All right. I guess I'm just going to have to take longer weekends. You know, 1200 mile drive up there to Toronto, wherever you want to go. Boston, New York, wherever you're headed for. And to help along drive the answer to them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. We've been on for 35 minutes. Still have you out there for anybody who got anywhere on time in from my on American airline. You bet on pissed off, man. I mean, just you give another chance and another chance. And you know, you take the flight because you like to get there sometime before midnight, sometime in a reasonable hour in the middle of the daytime as opposed to midnight. And then, well, guess what? We're going to be a way to let hell rate anyway. And just like last night, finally, three hours late. We come back. I'll let's see. I guess we landed two hours late. Let's look off three hours late and get to the finally get to the gate and guess what? Now the gate, the, and I don't know, do the gate people they work for the airline or just for the airport. The airport? But what do I know? No, I think you're wrong. Yeah, well, what the hell's the last time you flew anywhere. I missed her hot shot that drives the North Carolina all the time. What do we want to be working in all those Vegas trips? All those Vegas trips and you're, well, what Vegas trips? You mean the Bob, you know, we went three times. And you're judging your, you're judging the airline by those Bob Lincoln trips that's your jet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We've got about 10 or 20 flight centers. So anyway, they can't get the guy named Jetway up to the, they can't line it up with the door. And another four or five minutes were standing there, hopping and puffing like, okay, please, let us out of here. You know, just please, let us just jump out. You know, maybe we'll find our way in the airport up to the parking garage, something, let us just get anyway to get out of here. I think they work for the airline, by the way. I could be wrong. I think they're illegal aliens. There. There. In the home in. Wow. I got the fever for the play, bro. I'm single. I got the fever. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Now with the third-less police, I sat where it is monobudimate and that crap we're trying to sell you a few months ago. In fact, I can't even believe the SDA let us get away with all the unhosem artery clogging crap we're loading into our potato plockeys. New, low-fat-shingles, lower-and-fat higher-and-salt. Consumer warning, some ingredients may erode the colon, small intestine, lower abdominal wall and are not biodegradable. All human waste matter resulting from consent share this product must be disposed of using industrial grade, steel biohazardones, Chinese-pativatids are manufactured on the planet crypto and are not recommended for humans. And speaking of that, how's that, the readers wrote them. How big are they in? How big are they in? Are they real? They're real big. Yeah. Here we go. You guys. You guys can't. How's that supposed to be? How's that supposed to be? Oh, man, there's you down. How are we going? I can't believe it, sir. Anyway, hey, WQM advice you to the about.com QA and celebrity golf tournament presented by a Nickel beer fight in September 24 at Lago Marcantric Club in Plantation. Porsan of the proceeds benefits center one brought to you by QA and Nick cigars, where smoking perfection is achieved once he guard a time. For more information call 305-650-063. Don't forget we got the mad dog this weekend's on vacation. 560-5050-60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Get you. Yes, sir. How you doing? Three. I'm going to Vegas in October. And I just heard you refer to America West as the murder work. I've never heard of it. I've never heard of it. Lowes. Lowes. It's a good awful airline. I would love to go on an air line. I'm going to go to the airport. That's the wreck. Huh? That's the only one that flies direct. And you know, something I would still rather go through Dallas. And of course, I did go last time on American. So Delta goes through Dallas or Atlanta thank you. And even though it's a stop and it takes another hour or two extra. I mean, first of all, America West, they fly those little puddles number 7.67. I think it about half speed. It takes them about five hours and 15 minutes for a trip that should take like maybe four, a half, four, a half, four, 40 at the most. And it just seems like you're never ever going to get there. In addition to which you're going to fly your first passenger coach. Oh, unfortunately coach. Oh, and you're going to fly America worst airline? Yeah, I get it. I better have somebody bring along a shoehorn man. I'll say to that right now. I'm serious. Well, thanks a lot. I'm just thinking for myself. I know a lot of people like the convenience and not having to make this stop. But not for this kid. Never again. I guess we have a try at once for ourselves. And then we'll find out. Well, let me know. Okay. You got it. Okay. Thanks, Mike. I go on a real strict diet between our October, if you plan sitting in coach and another one. Although one good thing about that, is the first passenger coach are basically the same. Except you got to pay a lot more to set up front unless the BG is not the out of there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you are pull question today, which would you mirror me around a wall, which is the airline that's worst of all. That's our pull question today. And other than self-worth, see, I mean, it's very nice here and about what a great airline that is due to problems they don't go anywhere. That's the problem. They don't go anywhere. And let me also say this, God bless Eric Hanada. Now I appreciate just how good they really are. Even though I'm not too crazy about their flight times getting out of here tonight, but nevertheless, God bless them. Man, they know how to board the flight. There's no chaos. There's no illegal aliens. There's no 25 pieces of carry on luggage. No people have it at fist fights and a guide to them. I'll try to get to their seat. Seriously, what I saw there on Friday at that airport, you could make like a mini movie out of that. It was staggering. It was shocking. Absolute total and utter chaos. And then they started boarding the flight. Here's a mobile and dear field B, cello. Yes, me, oh, good morning. Yes, sir. You know, living too long ago when you would fly Delta in American that you thought you were on a real airline. Right. You could serve. Right. And then you start flying and service gets worse. And you think, oh, this is just the one time thing. Maybe they had a bad crew on their. Someone had a bad day. And now it's for the point where all the airlines are the same. And it doesn't matter who you take. You're still going to get lousy served. I'm saying I think you're right. Other than air Canada, they do a good job if you happen to be going, you know, up there somewhere, but other than that, where do they go? And the, the minus will bring people express their line back. At least you know, you're going to get crappy service. Yeah. Happy food. And the whole course you get bad. You get bad you get another chance. You know, at least they had that nice clown on the side of the plane. Oh, it's a, it's a little while on your face before you hit the Everglades. You know, at least people have spread forever crash low. And that was always a plus and a walkin out. I say, let's bring Eastern back. You know, I used to love Eastern Airlines. It's too bad they had this crappy management. They went away. The Winister was great. They used to be great. Yeah. I guess they had to go to service there for a while and people didn't want to pay for it. Well, they were used to looking at the way for now, man, because you pay for the nose no matter where you go. It's just they got this monopoly thing going and all these, you know, they give you the, the propaganda that's supposed to be good for the public, you know, the fact that they've got a little eye on it, and you can get all the connections and everything. All it means is that there's a monopoly now, thanks to deregulation and they can charge you whatever and they want to get away with it. Yeah, and try to use your freaking flower miles. Oh, yeah. Well, they've got to, well, they've got to, we're 360 black out day to year. Yeah, I mean, if you don't look at three, four months from advance, I get about it. They laugh at you. Okay, pal. Thanks a lot, Neil. See you on the SC on your scooter. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on a mobile one line. By the way, there's the thing in USA today. They've got a new report card for the major cities of America. Most friendly cities for kids, kid friendly cities. Number one with an A plus Seattle. Guess who got a D, okay? How many gets it? It starts with an M and ends with an I. Yeah. I am EME. Yeah, yeah. Got a D. I got a bottom list right by Cleveland and Atlanta, by the way. See that some sent a lot of people about Cleveland, you know, they, how do you like that? Cleveland, they built that Jacob's field new stadium and everything, which we're supposed to believe is what turned that city around. And it's still one of the unfriendly cities in America towards kids. See, one thing about Miami, they work in systems, one friendly toward everybody. Kids, adults, banana boat people like legitimate real citizens. We don't care. Old people, young people, we're nasty to them all. We're unfriendly. It's just a generally unfriendly place. Welcome to Miami folks. We hate everybody. We don't discriminate. We spread it around. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. My wife off business traveler, flying this morning in American 720 flights from Miami to LA. Yeah. And of course, even the first morning flight out of on time, so she was on time. She called me about 930s from the plane. Yeah. Doesn't that look? She's sitting next to a 7 year old kid who's flying himself. The kids flying either home or back to South Africa is going to be by himself. 26 hours on a plane. Yeah. And the kid of course is going not to go in a 7 year old kid. How do I hold these people? Let these kids fly themselves. 26 hours on a plane for a 7 year old by himself. Could these parents be shot? Yeah. Put it a little late now. I think maybe a foresteralization idea by him. But there's a classic example for it. Another thing. How do I hold it in the airline flight? Five on a half hour flight to LA. Yeah. I think it's like a 7.57 which is small plane. I think it'll aid it. Whoa. Whoa. What do you say how do they get away with it? What choice have you got? You get on whatever. Whatever equipment that shows up there with the gate. That's it. That's what you fly. Yeah. I mean, right. It's not actually got a choice. I've been on the American West Vegas. They fly those airbots. There's a 320 airbots. Yeah. Yeah. But let me say this. The air can't have to fly the airbots too, but they're configured in a different way. You can have any kind of a plane, but it all depends on how it's configured whether it's going to be comfortable or not. The airbots is aircannot of flies are configured great. And in first class, you've got all the room in the world. It's real comfortable. America worse. I don't know if they jam more seats in there or what they did. But it's like a 10 can. It is. Because I'm 6, 200 pounds and I'm right back. I had a window seat. And I'm not the kind of guy that could sit on a plane. I sleep on a plane. I'm kind of antsy. Right. And I had to go to the restaurant. You are so. And everybody else is sleeping around you. And I'm going to have to go to the restaurant. You don't have to go to the restaurant. You don't have to go to the restaurant. You don't have to go to the restaurant. It's like a restaurant. It's like a restaurant. And you get wind up with the red eye and a red red dome too. Yeah. It's a better thing. You got to wake people up and pick you up and clean your complete asshole. Oh, wow. Okay. Good luck. 567. I guess the answer is stay home. 567560. 560. On the mobile. Drive where. Where am I going to go that? I'm going to drive you. First of all, he's the last time I looked at the map. We're way way in the deep sound. I want to go any place in the deep sound. Oh, he that's one of the problems that traveling when you live in Miami. You're so goddamn far. You're at least an hour and a half away from anywhere. Even close to civilization. If you assume that Atlanta is close to civilization. Which lately I'm not so sure. But you're like an hour and a quarter away from there by air. Good. Go to the Luxe. Yeah. Like I said. I think I'll pass. El Paso. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Two of the things that they remind you of. The first one is although the flight time to New York takes two and a half hours. Right. They took three in the schedule. Just so that they can have what they call it on time. I was on 1165 out of Kennedy Miami on time at 920. They took a half hour delay and they called it ATC and ground time coming in. Yeah. You know, the game that they're playing is on the end of that for years though. Well, no. In the past about five years ago, they used to actually put the time of the flight. The block time. The block time has been all been increased across the United States just to make on time published. To give the phony idea that they're, you know, I had doing a better job than they are. And then they can publish themselves as one two or three on the on time list. Chips that they've done the numbers they've added to the schedule. I don't think there should be any on time list anymore because it's a thing of the past. It's a dignity or imagination. It doesn't happen. Well, if you'll remember that the Congress had several hearings concerning airlines, including American, that had people sitting on aircraft six hours trying to blame ATC and weather. Right. The actual issue was they knew that there was a delay. But to trap the passengers and not have to give meal service in the airport, they put them on the plane and sat them on the ramp for five hours and six hours. Nice. Those kinds of issues are really service issues that are directly related to deregulation that you're right. They can do whatever they like because although you have options, they're not palatable. You know what I'm talking about? I want to think you'd love them try to keep me sitting on a ground on a plane for five or six hours. You think you've seen chaos before you've seen air raid. You'd really think, I would force my way out if I had to dig my way through the door and hop out on the runway. I'd get off that guy damn plane. You know, one big thing on that issue though is that the airline and the US air marshals and the police can put you in jail without recourse if you create an incident and don't follow the crew instruction. Isn't that nice? That's a big issue because it's almost like RRS. The IRS, you previously, you were guilty. You had to prove your innocence. It's the same thing with any activity on an aircraft in which you interfere with the crew once they close the door. And don't forget. Please don't take the effort. Yeah, they also got the language police on the planes out too. Yeah. Well, I don't think that you can find any airline to be the best airline. However, international carriers still have the old airline philosophy. So, lifetimes, SAS, Japan Airlines are all doing what you normally think of as good airline service, but very few domestic US are actually providing service. Amen. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. So, when I was on a plane and go abroad, go someplace. Get that lot of here. That's the message. I think I may try that this week, you know? 560, 560, 560, the Unableable One Line. He's right. The International Carrier is they treated a whole different world, different ballgame. And it's amazing when you're flying somewhere that's 7.5-8.5-8.5 hours. And you can get there on time. Sometimes even a few minutes early. Over and over again. I mean, just time and in time out. And you get here, 2.5-hour trips, 3-hour flights. Can't get there, baby. No matter how much money you're one of the cough-up, no matter how much will squeeze out of you. Oh, and by the way, your frequent flyer miles. Well, here's the good news. The good news is, we're not going to let him expire after two minutes. Like we used to in the past. But the bad news is, now we're going to triple the amount of miles it takes to get, like, your upgraded whatever else you're looking for. And we'll also triple the number of blackout dates just to be a bunch of perks. Because we don't really want to give you any goddamn travel. This is what it's really all about. It's all a scam. And the enders now, from the directors of Muppets from Space, it's Muppets from Japan. Whoa, what a mess! Yeah, what a mess! What a mess! Muppets from Japan. What a mess! What a mess! What a mess! What a clock at 5.60. WMH is on vacation this week without the mad dog. Yeah! Through the 6, then the good news stops abruptly at that point. It gets really grim. Here's a gagging clock. Yeah, and he'll be on at 6 until 10 at Kaplan has to follow that. Let's all say codders for the head Kaplan show for a hot. Is that going to go on any more this week, by the way? Let's see, we got the baseball. That's right. And look at that on Thursday. We got the Arizona Diamondback Marlon game from PP Park. Let's hear it. Well, 30. Early departure time here on Thursday. Good to me. All right. By the way, you notice when I did the Dolphin San Diego game on Saturday night. I tried to do the same kind of staccato sound. It's different. That kind of like driven out of a computer voice. And I think did a pretty effective job. Most people thought it was infer. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What is that that you're doing? You're chopping up a guy named Slim Jim to share that we did. That's how desperately we are. I didn't have. But in half, you all have no problem. But that's just as long as you don't do it with your feet, with your turret apart with your toes. Oh, I could see that. A little toe jam on the edge there. That would be it. He'd go running out of the room screaming like a child. Oh, remember, Stinky? Just with your mod up. The mixture on that. What is this time green tape when he was doing stinky whiskey buttons? Yeah, I should tie Joe down and make him watch that. So anyway, I guess we'll have to start thinking about some atkins lunch for today. I mean, some serious atkins today, boy. And for the next few or four days, all I yesterday was crap. All I was candy in a bunch of crap in lost two pounds. 560, 50560, Pont560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Of course, when you got a three hour layover in the airport, you got plenty of time to go and make it up on it. Like, go to the bank several times. You know, there's another deposit. There's another one for you. Here's coconut creak, hello. Yeah, sir. How's it, Hanyan? Okay. I got a story for you. I'm not a girl, a stewardess from American Airlines. Live in the living sunrise. A steuyam. And she's to tell me how she's to drop acid before she used to go on a plane. Yeah. And not one hit, but multiple hits. And she would tell me that if she party too hard with the other students as they before. And if they were late for the plane, she one time took a frying pan and hit her face with the frying pan and came into the airport and being late for the flight. All three little frieds. So I guess it kind of tied in. Definitely. Yeah. She claimed to form the bathtub. That's why she would late and then she let herself go. Now let her go. Let her go. Okay. Well, thanks for the good news. Okay. So here's another good reason. You know, there's an online payback is a bitch. And I think today is today boys and girls. All you people at Un-American Airlines for the tremendous service you're giving the public. Not 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. I will say the sitting in 3B which is the bulkhead seat in first class last night as I welcome back. You get to hear all the conversation up there in the cockpit. And then the galley was that what they call it, the galley is Sally. And before we take it off, all they were talking about is, I can understand with the guy, the American guy because he was a real good looking guy. But all they were talking about was their sex life. That's all they were talking about was sex. Make sure your seat's buckle on anyway. So it was about this bag and you know, and it was pretty interesting. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Why was lying? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Fly to Seattle twice a year. Been doing it for 16 years. I fly Delta. Delta used to be great. The last two or three years it's terrible. I'm six foot two. I fly coach because I've got like two kids in my wife. I can't afford to fly first class. I don't know how you do it. I really don't want to sound. I'm not being sarcastic when I say that. But I just don't know how people fly coached it. They've got the seats. They're done like sardines eyes. And in addition to six and a half hours flying time, that's not lay over time. Right. The other scenario is that it used to be where you could get an hour and a half lay over between the flying from a lot of the Dallas. And that should get enough time. But what they do now is you're in the, you're in, you get away from the jetway. It's 45 minutes, fading to, waiting to taxi. You get to the taxi spot. You're number nine in line. So they're talking about hour and a half. Oh, and by the way, there's, here's another thing too. Taking off on Friday almost two hours late. And any other airline I've ever been on when the captain comes on and says, flight attendants prepare for take off. That means you're next in line to take off and you're going to be taking off in 30 seconds. Maybe a minute. You know what I'm saying? I do a lot of flying every time the captain comes on and says, prepare for take off. They mean you're going to take off wrong. Not an American. He says this on Friday and we're sitting there and waiting in Agent Iran. It was like I counted nine minutes before we finally took off. Same thing with landing. Flight attendants, please prepare for landing and they ring the bell in a whole deal. Does that Friday night? He rings the bell flight attendants prepare for landing. And now it's like another nine ten minutes before we finally hit the ground. Well, the speak. That's a bad expression hit the ground. The other thing is, I talked because there's so much dog I'm flying time. I talked to some of the flight attendants. And for the most part, they're trying to do a good job. Yeah. With a bad situation. Yeah. And they said, listen, you folks asked for it. You're getting, I should have said to terrible the food is absurd. I said, you know, this is, you know, they got to do better. And I said, hey, you guys, this is what you guys wanted. This is what you guys got. Well, what is that? What does that mean? I mean, I think what it meant was initially the fairs went down. But like you said, Luwalico, after awhile, this no cheap fairs anymore. No way. They didn't expect any fairs. That's a bloody out of your body. I mean, they just rape you. Crazy. Anyway, keep up the good work. One shameless request. Yes, sir. We haven't heard it in a long time. The bridge tender. Have a great day. What do you want? No. Oh, I guess you wanted any. There you go. Little taste. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. A search for a real airline boys and girls here in America. A search for an airline that actually makes an effort at boarding on time, getting out of the, you know, wherever you want to go off, post on time, somewhere within an hour would be good. And any success so far? Anybody called in in an hour and five minutes yet to tell us they actually got somewhere on time on America sometime in the last five years? No. No. Not yet. Trying to be fair. We're probing. We're searching. We're, you know, waiting. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I just want to make a couple of comments with America West. I fly a couple of times a year to Vegas. I fly a lot more of Vegas. And they just got back Friday morning. Right. It's going to be a little better news that upgrade already to planes. They bought new airbosses. The first class is much better. We used to be with them. Well, I hate that first class. Oh. Yeah. I'll tell you how bad it was before the way they had the plane configured. The emergency exit seats in coach were more comfortable than the first class seats. I really don't fly coach. I really don't know what coach would like. But I thought of trying to tell you was I just got back Friday morning. The plane was all for Hater. It was a good move. I'm going up there with a brand new plane. Four and a half hours. Get the Vegas. Yeah. But you used to be that way. You used to be five in the half hour or five and 13 minutes. Right. But I've been flying with up to 10 years when America West. And I think the game they're trying to get better. So in other words, you're saying they've eliminated the old puddle jumpers. Yeah. They're trying to get better. They're trying to copy our Canada right now too. Okay. I'll give it a shot. So that's what I'm trying to make a comment from America West is getting better. And I always fly continental, Michael. I don't like America. I hate America. Thanks for the good news, pal. You can never get out greater. Okay. Thank you. There you go. America West. So maybe that's what they're because I never were. They never flew the earbuds when I flew America West. It was always those 767s like Martin Scherre, all I shouldn't say that. 560, 50560, pound 560. By the way, did we hear from our friend about that? No, I can't. I'm sorry. You're a good guy with a ponytail. But my life, I just can't leave my life hanging in that guy's hands. You know? Why don't you get it at the horrible place up there in Palm Beach County. The pneumonia palace. Carl Sky amphitheater. My ass. Even a Greeks wouldn't go there. I'll tell you that right now. Carl Sky amphitheater. Poring down rain. Wind is blowing. It's like the like sitting out. It will be like sitting in the middle of Houston right now. The middle of a hurricane. Without an umbrella without a goddamn jacket without a goddamn piece of Serenrape anything. Give me some help here, Woody. Sitting 50 miles away. Hey, you got any good binoculars. How about the mop, Palomar telescope? Maybe we can see the stage, huh? No. No. Maybe we can see which one is Nick. Oh, sorry. Chill call again. She could all sign kind of. He's got more talent. It is a little thing. Nope. It's 11. 14. There's 560. WQAM. Inspiration came from getting stolen. Did you see this story? By the way, it's all over the world now. I sure hope that the DEA people don't see this story. And by the way, how about George W. This hurricane that's going over to Texas now. You want to understand what this is all about, don't you? You get it? God is pissed off, man. At that Coke snorting governor. That's what he's pissed off about. This Texas bullcraft. Wow, I'm not going to answer the question. And maybe I never stole a freight train. And at least in the last 25 years. And I was only a child. I was 28. Since what is 20 years a child, by the way. And how come he's putting people 28 and 25 and 20 and 18 and jail every day for snorting cocaine? And buying it and owning it and selling it, whatever else they're doing with it. But he don't want to answer the goddamn question. Oh, it is just juicy and lovely to see the shoe on the other foot now. Poor bubble with the Diddywin Hill business. You know, we had to go through a big song to dance about that about the wacky weed. And now we've got a big song to dance about this guy who just, you know, who stands for absolutely nothing. Nobody's got any idea where he stands on anything except usually on a wrong side. But, well, he don't want to answer the question. But here's the best news of all. Inspiration came from getting stoned. The latest drama and author Carl Sagan was a secret but avid marijuana smoker. Did you know that? Yeah, I'm on. Crediting it with inspiring essays and scientific insight according to Sagan's biographer. Using the pseudo-nim Mr. Rex Sagan wrote about his pot smoking in an essay published in 1971, a book called Reconcitoring Marijuana. The books editor, Lester Grinspoon, recently disclosed the secret to Sagan's biographer, and he, what kind of a name is that? K-E-A-Y? K-E-A-Y Davidson. Davidson writer for the San Francisco examiner revealed the marijuana use in article published in newspapers magazine on Sunday. Carl Sagan alice the book is throughout October. I find that today a single draw isn't enough to get me high and one movie theater. We certainly found I could get high just by inhaling the cannabis smoke, which permeated the theater road Sagan, who authored popular science books such as Cosmos, contact in the dragons of Eden. In the essay, Sagan who died at age 62 in 1996 said pot inspired some of it intellectual work. I can remember on one occasion taking a shower with my wife while high in which I had an idea on the origins and invulidities of racism in terms of Gaussian distribution curves. wrote the former Cornell University professor. I wrote the curves in soap on the shower wall and went to write the idea down. How do you like that inspired by smoking just one little joint? I sure hope he didn't drop the soap by the way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 T. Warless Lonesome. So the good news is you might be a genius come up with some wild and great discoveries in theories, magical theories by smoking a wacky weed. The bad news is he died at age 62. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hi, Nathan. How are you doing? I'm fine. I'm fine. Okay. So you're going to bring about the online. Yes, sir. The worst one in the world is also the apparently world's favorite online British Airways. It's the worst airline. I hate British Airways. This is your only croak. There are the ones that stuck me that time and I'm coming from Amsterdam to London to come back here and they had fog there and they wouldn't call up to the guy damn gate to hold a plane for another three or four minutes. So seven of us were making a connecting flag to get on there. So on all the way through Heathrow, I get to the gate. Oh, that plane left two minutes ago. That's pretty scary for you, man. So at the end, the aircraft are great, but it's the flight at end and say all things, because they would, because they would for British Airways, the goal of this attitude. Is that what it is? Because I asked her. I might up there and I said, can you get on your thing there and call ahead of the gate and let the know that there are seven people coming off this Amsterdam flight, who have a connection to Miami, just hold a flight another four or five minutes and we can all make it. Oh, no problem. This fog will delay all the flights. You don't have to worry. Guess what? Wrong. Yep, that's it. My favorite one, Virgin. Virgin, I love having the Austin Powers on the on the outside. Do you know why? You hear that Virgin also fly the oldest Johnbo jet in the world. They've had a recondition, but it's the oldest one in the world. Yeah. And it also has downstairs in the galley. They've got bunks, fly to Tendons so they can go and take a nap. Right. And they also have the cutest fly to Tendons. I've been down a visit to them. And they also have the mousousin of her clan. That's right. But my favorite one, they won't rub you the wrong way. That's the matter. Oh, they will. If you smile enough of them. But not favorite one. My favorite airline used to be world airways. Do you remember those? No. They used to have one class on the whole flight. There was a loss of room or the flight attendants for great. You played a sheet, you played a sheet, a price for the second. And everyone was really good. You had lots of, lots of room. It was just an excellent airline, but the coolest they went belly up. Yeah. Like all the best ones did. Roll screwed. Yeah. Okay, pal. Now we go. Okay. Keep it up. Pata Cheers. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T. Wireless line is we continue the search for the perfect marijuana joint. The search for the perfect airline. The search for something. Not perfect. Just decent. Just acceptable. Would be good. Just reasonable. Are we getting it? No. Now how come at this? Oh, here we go. You're getting it. But he starts breathing heavy. I get him. You're getting what? All right. Excellent. 560, 505, 60. That's what it means to send your kids to college. God, I'll do people out there. You just heard it. 560, 505, 60, and pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Yeah. Me two months ago, food of Jamaica. Big group. Half of us on here to make it half of us on American Airlines. To rent to range to our own even Miami. Yeah. American Airlines has a policy. They don't take off. It's a big cloud in the sky. For the safety of the ground crew. Yeah. I'm going to get the right to go. We're still sitting there. Five hours in the plane. On American Airlines. So in other words, the, what was the other? Jamaica Airlines? Here we go. Yeah. With the spell staff. Yeah. Well, nothing's perfect. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. So bring in those. But don't get you there on time. 560, 505, 60. On the AT&T line, we're down to a couple of precious calls. And I can see we have a nice peaceful lunch here today. Yeah. We can have a nice peaceful lunch play. A little bit of music. A little bit of, uh, I do. I do. I don't. Here's a mobile in cross spring. Shall I? Yeah. Good morning. Yes, sir. Yeah. Let me throw my hat in the rings for a chair for our level. Uh-huh. Yeah. Good. I have this can do with Delta. They have a way of manipulating their on time to get to the airport. Uh, they have a brown line at Lanna. And like if you're on the Carolina so in Tennessee. They'll have you board the aircraft fully away from the gate. And we're going to tarmac for three hours. Uh-huh. They're my vacation to Frick and Air, but so one's a full away from the gate. On times. You got it. Yeah. That blows. Take your buddy. Okay. Thanks. Okay. So far. And now I don't understand after all this time. How come out of this one guy? Tell me. How long? Tells me that the America west is flying, uh, different planes now. The air bus. So because somebody said it before and I just wasn't really paying that much attention because I never flew no air bus on America west before. Now that's the case and there's still flying on. Stop and they get you there. Unless than 25 hours to big. That's not too bad. But in the old days it was a nightmare. Even that's what the, that's what I think what did an Andy give. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in the Miami Beach. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Mr. I just want to let everybody know that our metro day, believe the Department of Water, work pulling people over in the public, sparking my given tickets for having two dollars for a win. Okay. They win though, Tending police are out today. Excellent. Yes, sir. That's about it. Okay. Thank you. Thanks for the good news. Okay. One last call on a board and then we can take a nice nap. I need a good nap. You don't have to get in the home about one o'clock in the morning last night. Thanks to American Airlines. Oh, there were big. Was there big storms here yesterday? I mean, could see there had been a lot of rain, but was like at the end of the world here yesterday. On a night. No, I'm talking about during the daytime. Not really. The plane was three hours. The plane that was coming from Miami to Toronto, which is the one that we had away three hours for last night. Early on, like around midday. There was some hours. Yeah. That was three hours late. And then the captain comes on. It's just all it was a giant, a horrible storm. And Miami and the whole airport was tied up. And you know, and I'm not saying that he made that up or anything. But it just sounded a little fantastic. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. And he was going to be out there. You know, where his gun came from? Yes. He got to see how to police departments. Is that unbelievable? No. Why is that unbelievable? That's what happened to guns. I mean, they're all over the place. You know, this is what happens when you have no meaningful laws. Nobody wants a register. Are you going to register your card? That's okay. But God forbid, you should have to register your handgun. It just sounded me. I mean, because obviously, I mean, a police servant who is going to be coming out to you, would you have to register your box? because obviously I mean the police are huge users of guns. Yeah. But they sell them to the people that are shooting at them. I don't see the logical rationale there. I mean there are laws now. I hate to break the news to you. But things happen to guns. All these people who buy guns to protect themselves. The guns get stolen sometimes. The guns are used in the commission of crimes. The guns are used to kill people. I mean it doesn't take a rocket science certificate. When you got 225 million guns, it's the estimate now. Running around in the country of 270 million people. That almost one per person. Just about one forever you don't. Exactly. But it's a police department. Such gross users have gone to none. They use such a large quantity. Yeah. It makes such good sense that they would destroy them if they're done with them. I mean I just, it's, it's incomprehensible to me that they just say, well here. I had this put him out on the streets and you guys now can shoot it us with our gun. That's the American fucking wing. I was, I, I don't know. Did you see the letter in the letter to the other today of a sunset and all about the guy who wrote you wrote it. A really eloquent statement about how a ballpark. Yes, I was great. That's off to the man. Yes sir. God bless him. Thank you. 560560. On the 18th, he was like I said this audience, they don't go anywhere. And the fact that you don't see them, the only one that cares I guess. They're going to keep doing it to you. They're keep taking your money. And because I'm watching the way these people are and they're so submissive now. And like a bunch of cattle like sheep. They don't say anything. So I guess you don't care. I must be the, I must be just a hard ass. You know, spend that kind of money. Spend thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars every year flying and expect a little bit of service, a little bit of attempt. A little concern to try to get you from point A to point B. And you people don't care about crap. In addition to which I guess you want to be able to take your goddamn life positions and stick them in there like, you know, like a guy then blocker. Like well, like one of those places you rent, you know, one of those, you, you rent them places where you're right a locker. And you put all your goddamn, you know, like when you're moving or something. Put about five rooms of furniture in there. Oh, and I'll just put it in the overhead here instead. Why are you airing shit like this? The room. The concert ended with burning trees playing on stage wasn't achy, please. Chili peppers red hot beer, meen. There goes woodstocks up in flames. Well fucks for a slice. But that's the people law. But burning merchandise was a hell of a standoff. Which stuck right. My head upset that they didn't play. Which stuck right. Right at you could play me on show, Gurei. Which stuck right. Right at you started on Don't Let's Be. Which stuck right. Right at you. I hope to still stuck on the Gurei. Yeah. You're behind bars. You're faster in cars. So that opens up the gold change round ended up with the burning juzzer ground. Knocked out towers, the crazy night. Carson's daily grandfather's wife. I think he's fair to say. Only some kids ruined the show. Thank you this may lay. They forgot the piece in love with stock riot. Right at you. It's on Don't Let's Be. Which stuck right. Right at you. Hope to still stuck on the Gurei. Yeah. Oh right. It's 1232 at 560 WKM. Here we are in the halls of death man. You can smell it. You can feel it. Just open a window. There it is. That smell. That's stench of rotting flesh. Fine. That's some Florida for you. Maybe 565. Look at this. I'm going to tell you right now. This is not a brain surgery. Any place else in the world. Somebody comes on here. It's got more than 5 people listening and brings this thing up. And if we need smoke in here today. People would be foaming at them up. Just unleashing. I heard more stories from the three or four people I talked to when he Airport last night waiting. That I'm going to hear all morning here today. What is it that moves and motivates you people in this town? What is it that gets them off their goddamn dead ass? Oh, can we talk about her? Who in football? Uh-uh. No. God, it's a source of endless astonishment to me. What a dead ass place this is. 565.050. Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and palm beach, hello. Hey, Neil. I just want to throw in my two cents on travel. The summer I took drove my kids up to the scouts and went white. I got a little back. I got a one-slayer ticket. But I went from green day to Detroit. Detroit, New York. And then down in the West Palm Beach. Jesus Christ. Exactly. You know, I don't like to say that. Green Bay City, Detroit. Detroit, New York, New York, New York, the West Palm. And from the East. West Palm Beach. In the airport for over 12 hours. I don't like to fly at all. My wife takes me to Straubblefield and Green Bay. 630. We get there. My plans for three of it. 720. I had one there. Got on the plane. Blue and a B. Troy. And I had a 2.5 hour layover that turned into a three hour layover. And when I got in, I actually sat in the attorney's room. He said next to him on the plane over. Interesting story when he, when the planes start taking off down the runway and getting up into the air, he pulled out the new testament. Started reading that. Anyway. Anyway. Anyway. I was in New York for from 155 to 730 before I flew in. And then on the way back, I had a better flight because I was driving the way and kids back down the West Palm Beach. I was supposed to fly from West Palm to Detroit. Detroit's the Green Bay. Well, on the approach to Detroit, they had so many bad thunderstorms that I had to land anyway in Columbus, Ohio. And wait there for three hours take off. And this is our continental Northwest. The Northwest was in that bad continental. But it was just very poor. So I had to make an extra take off in landing. Well, it's a miserable miserable experience. So they are poor. It's one path to bars are okay. But in the airplane, left and need to drive a rather drive. Okay, maybe had a good time. Thanks. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. 600 open lines here. For like I said, we hit a brick wall. This is not a topic that the South Florida audience has any interest in whatsoever. Because like I said, most people don't cool anywhere. Most of our legally alien's anyway. So how do I know when they go anywhere? Without a green card of these are a passport. Here's Halandale. Hello. Yeah, hi. Yes, sir. I wanted to say, you know, I used to travel on American Airlines. One thing, and this is really incredible to imagine it. Right before the flight, I was in the parking garage. And I was smoking weed. And it turned out that the person I was smoking with was a flight attendant. Uh-huh. On American Airlines. Well, that's a step up from the answer we heard about last hour. Oh, man. I mean, come on. Next one. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. That's probably an American Airlines employee. No doubt. You can try to turn around around all you want folks. You suck. Let's face it. That's the bottom line. Your service sucks. Forget about the shutt of the lawn and the first and under glass. And a guy named Buck Alleron. And all of that crap. Nobody in their right mind gets on an airplane to go a 2.5 hour flight. A respective gourmet meal. Okay. They would like to get there sometime before their life ends. 560, 0560, Pond 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. And that guy was a pilot from American Airlines. Probably. Uh, Mirko West does fly air buses. Since when? Well, I've been doing it for two and a half years. Out of Miami. Yep. Direct flight. Out of Miami. Well, must be only on certain flights because I never flew in air bus on that airline. It's the nighttime flight. It's the 8 320 at the direct flight. No matter fact, some idiot made me check my garment bag because he said there was no room on the plane for it. Yeah. So when I get on the plane, of course. Guess what? There's one around. But they do suck. Anyway, have a good one. Okay. Yeah. And maybe they are a tree. I don't know, but they just though they're not configured the same way as the air candidate. 320s. And you know, it can be whatever it is. But all depends on how it's like your house can be just like your next door neighbors out. It can be identical. But that doesn't mean what the crap you got the furniture and everything inside is all arranged the same way as far as your comfort is concerned. All depending on how many people they want to jam in there. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. 22 before noon. 560, WQA. Florida sucks. Wow, it's really hot out. This sucks. Did someone say it's really hot out? And this sucks? Yeah. Well, I've got just the thing for you. Oh gross. Is the all new? Blow brand air conditioner. Oh man. What did you eat? There's nothing like a sweet cool breeze on a hot blistery day, right? Yeah. All right. You stopped doing that please? Well, blow brand is for best. Fine. Back off. Can you imagine just one more day of this hot stuff? No. Then pick up the phone and call blow brand air conditioning today. Oh, yeah. Here he's a friendly cool way. Blow brand air conditioning. Loud and annoying. But works great. And it blows. It's 1143 at 560 WQA. I'm ready to check from the sub center just brought me over 600 pounds of cold gots. This should be good for lunch for about two months. Thanks, Chuck. Well, we talk about a set to you. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT. See, it wasn't me. Okay. On American sucks. Let's hear it. On American blows. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Anyhow, how you doing? You know, I'm amazed that you don't have 2 million colors today because traveling is such a trap. I don't know. And this is the reason they get away with it because they've conditioned people. I've always said it's the American people of all this stuff. Whatever crappy dish out to them. I don't know. You know, in business, we don't have our choice. We can't wait for three weeks to get a better fare. Sometimes you just have to make it to a medium. So you're paying top dollars. Right. There are one reason why there's an airport rage. Because you get there. You're paying top dollar and somebody's screwing around with your light all day long. Right. You know, I had a flight there. I was supposed to be taking off at 130. Get to the airport. It's camp. I always take off at 530. Get to the Atlanta to jump on the other flight. Silly airplane for an hour and a half before they camp with. Because of the cannibal difficulties. I ended up walking into my house at 1.30 a.m. in the morning. And then they have the ball. It's sending me a $75 credit check because of my inconvenience. I don't know. I'm going to wait. I nailed it right back to women's tent. Thank you. But no thank you. Yeah. I had to untill I'm going to stick it. Okay. That's it. Thanks for good news. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. Almost two hours now. We heard from anybody happy with the American airline. Huh? What is wrong with this thing now, but so that's not working. Like I said. No. Just relax. Okay. I got my thumb on it. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. You see you gave me flashbacks now. Three years ago I went into a different career. I don't travel as much anymore. But prior to that for 15 years. I get to see the degradation of the airlines as we know it. And for you know, all the good ones are no longer in distance. If you can't even try the minute by this guy. Good ones let Mahala. But the ones that are left are our piece of crap. Of course America being the worst now. One thing you didn't mention is I think American has the least amount of legroom out of any airline I've ever flown. I mean they tried to jam you in there. I mean, I'm a fairly big guy. I can't even hardly get my took us in the seat. And so then I got smart and I said, all right, I'm going to ride in the, you know, what is it the escape with the escape? With the escape. Yeah, the escape. They get you for legroom there. Except then the problem is they got some all the caucus in there. And I couldn't lift up this thing to save their life. I mean, what kind of screening is going on with the people that are in those rules. There's supposed to be people that can aid and help you. That's right. You've got to be a veteran of the way to get your child. You're not physically able to open it up. Then you've got to get your ranch out of there. Exactly. I've seen them put kids in there and where they have moved them. But what about the older people, you know, 78 year old people. I don't even know how they're alive. I mean, come on. But they must figure out how to not how to be able to give you the least amount of legroom. I mean, I can't put the tray back. There's no way you could put the tray back. Experienced in coach on Friday was my last experience in coach ever. I don't care how much I have to pay. I'll never sit in coach again. And I was on the aisle. Okay. I was the lucky one. I was able to. You got to have any. I also had a high on the aisle. But and luckily there was a girl. I'd say about 15 sitting in a middle and little girl sitting on the end. It was with another family. So that wasn't too bad. But I'm looking at some of these other people. The Holy or sitting behind me. The roller cross. He must have weighed 350 easy. And how the hell the three of them were sitting across beach. All out of me. Right now. I know what about the people. They do not. I think must not take a bath. They come in from like chicken soup. Yeah. All place stinks. You really have to write in first class. You just about have to. You know, I mean, it's used to be bad. I said the rap. I next to me. So now it's every Julio. And then you know, even the going off my god. You're killing. Okay. I didn't even bring up this thing. I'm just on. That's right. It's that if person way to start the week. I apologize you're right. Do I apologize? No. No. No. I've been way. Because I'm the one guy. I'll be pissed off and fired up. If nobody else gives a crap. I do. I do. I do. You know what I'm saying? Here's a mobile in the summer. Is hello. Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. I'm a frequent fly. I probably fly about 40 weeks out of the air for my company. And all airline suck. Everyone. It seems that they make so much money. They don't care about the public anymore. You go on these flights to so full. You can hardly get on. You know, anytime. And it's ridiculous. They make so much money. They just don't care. And in fact, I had a real good experience with Delta. And I still air. I'm here. Okay. I'm on a mobile. It's hot to hear. Okay. Anyway, I was in. I think I saw the someplace. And I get a page. It's free of clock in the morning. In the hotel room. My wife's on a phone and she goes a discount of calls from Delta. Your flight in the morning is going to be 45 minutes late. And I just want to tell they call you a three o'clock in the morning for. Anyway, long story short. I called Delta. Delta on care. They really don't watch our policy. But they woke my wife up at three o'clock in the morning. Oh, a little American. I listen to this. I'm coming back from Toronto yesterday. American Airlines calls my home in plantation and leaves the ice in the machine that the flight is going to be delayed because of whether whatever. Now, how in the world am I going to get that message when I'm 12 hundred miles away from here? What what's the sense in that? I'm believable. I tell you they have idiots working. So I think I am. And then better than that when I checked in because when you're flying in the national, you always have to check in. When I checked in the guy never said anything about the flight being late. I show him on my passport. He gives me the ticket. Boarding is six o'clock. And guess what? The flight ain't leaving the late 45. Yep. Okay. Good luck. We're so five six seven. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two world of time. So what possessed Chuck to bring me 425 pounds of cool cuts today. He makes it. Was it something that you said? What? Ne see makes those things. What is it that possessed? Ne see to give me 682 pounds of cool cuts here. I said don't cut the meat. Oh. So that's our philosophy. Don't cut the meat. Just cut the crap. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen. T line. Here's my any. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Yes I am. How are you? Great. It was nine o'clock when we took off last night. Yeah. And this is Renee. The traveling. Yes. How are you? Great. You glad you wanted to fit in coach. Now what role were you in? I was in so team. I was in that twenty three. Oh twenty three. Ray Whitney was back in twenty three. Yeah. At least he was safe anyway. That's God for Ray. Yeah. He was safe. I was worried about him. Yeah. He was my son. Compty back to everything. It's magazine. Looking at the pictures. Yeah. Looking at the pictures. So we had a choice of. Yeah. We had a choice of. Please tell me people. I'm not making a story up. Okay. You're not making this story up. It was it was a joke last night. But it was nice and entertaining watching the kids running around being. Maybe sited by everybody but their parents. Running up and down that. That's collated. Oh yeah. This is another part of our forget about it. Okay. Here's this three hour delay. You got everybody who's going to be on a plane now. By this time, everybody in their brothers already sitting in the lounge area waiting to get on a guy to play and all these people of course have little kids. I think some of them just kidn that the little kids just so they can bring them into the airport to create chaos and man. And they're running up and down the moving the walkways and the wrong way. You know, backwards and sideways. And they've got what looked like little spear guns or something. Okay. And they're like shooting crap off and hitting people in the leg and just no parents around. Nobody to be seen. And it's just all the little extra out of attractions. Let me actually do that. A little blonde head of girl. Almost been about seven to eight running up and forth. Back and forth the first class. Yeah. Was. How much are sitting next to you? No. No. Oh yeah. That one. Yes. He was sitting next to me. Now that mother by the way. She looked to me like somebody famous. Didn't she. Yes. You look like somebody I've seen on television. And I wasn't going to say there. I mean, you know, we had a little bit of conversation but not too much. I wasn't going to say, who are you? Aren't you somebody? What are you going to say? Right. Very attractive. Yes. She looked very. I'm putting her kids back in co-star by back there. And baby said, I was not. In fact, when Ray Winnick came on a plan, I was going to, you know, just pull a little spoon for saying, Ray, I like you to meet my wife. I don't think you would have bought it. No. I don't think so. Okay. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty. On the 18. On thank God for meeting those guys because at least that killed about two and a half hours of time as we stood there with some rockets, a conversation in the guy named Airport. So I didn't have to go over and bother my good close personal friend way away with me. Five six seven. Well, you know, somebody would have introduced me to him a long time ago. Then I would have gone over chat with him because I would know him. I don't want to mention a name George like your best post personal friend that should have introduced me to him a long time ago. Somebody that was always given me a big song that, oh, we're going to have lunch with Dean Jordan. See, I don't want to have lunch with Dean Jordan. I would have rather had lunch with Ray Winnick. Okay. Somebody I would like to know as opposed to some puddawacking goofball who's long gone anyway. But I don't want to mention no names. Okay. Five six seven. Five sixty. Count five sixty on the 18. In T. Wireless line. Probably somebody who didn't appreciate some of those great meals that were much as you sure have. They stopped. Okay. Well, we did the best we could for you. Maybe New York prime will be better. Huh? I'm not going to mention no name. They stopped. But for Christ's sake, you know, how about you then? Robby Needham. I get to buy him lunch five years ago when I've been able to have a lunch. You know, Robby Needapair? I mean, you know, not a bad kid, but Jesus Christ. We know what he's all about. No heart, no guts, no, no nothing. No production. Here's sunrise. Hello. sunrise. This is Dave. How you doing? Okay, sir. This is the night got out. I got up to 34 year. Friday night. I'm coming from Cancun. Six thirty flight on America. And it's delayed the 715, right? Uh-huh. Not bad for them. Well, eight thirty comes around. They still delayed. They said the plane hasn't even left Miami yet, right? Yeah. Nine forty five comes around. They stuffed people in there. They said, as soon as we're going in the plane. The, uh, the store just comes on and says, well, listen, people, if you don't sit down with in 15 minutes, we're going to go illegal and this plane is not even going to take off. So after three hours of waiting, you know, they tell us that. So everybody's yelling and everything, you know, and some fat bitch, store this gets off the plane, you know, and tells everybody, well, I can't work past 10 hours a day. It's against the Union law, whatever. Yeah. So I say we boy caught America and school them all. All right. Boy caught America and all right. All right. All right, Neil. Thanks. There's another fish to travel around there. I'm surprised we haven't heard from 20 or 30,000 of those people are ready today. Although maybe most of those people are lost somewhere, it couldn't make it back home. Maybe that's the problem. A bunch of deadheads, bunch of suckers, man. You just say, take it sitting down. You don't open up your mouth. And let me see it again. The longer people do this, underneath it, there's going to be a simmering rage. You mark my word. And there's going to be an increasing number of really ugly episodes in the airports. On the aircraft, which is a very dangerous and unacceptable thing, but nevertheless, you can only push people so far and abuse them so much before they crack before they snap. I can't even begin to imagine. Remember those thousands and thousands of people went to pilots, what I'm struck with the American months ago, and all those people in the airport? Well, guess what? Screw you. You're a screw. Just have somebody bring your life position to the airport and camp out here for a couple of months, because you're a screw with your stuck. And we don't give a crap. We got issues to deal with. And how did you like the shot of a young, by the way? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line? How come a big shot like Ray Witton? You're sitting in the way to help back there in road 23? That's what I would like to know. You people in that organization. You better start taking better care of your superstars. You know what I'm talking about? You're going to have to deal with me. You're going to have to come face to post with me. And then you'll be really sorry. Play him. My family. Go to the day. If you can't get enough of the likes of Dr. Laura, how about this? Oh, Dr. Radio. That's right. It's nothing but those syndicated self-help talks to us to help you agonize 24 hours a day. I may please turn it off to take stupid off. Oh, Dr. Radio. We knew you'd be excited. Maybe you went tonight. Dr. Joy Brown, following Dr. Laura. Dr. Judy Dr. Will Dr. Sue Dr. Sue Dr. Sue Dr. Eta Dr. Doodle Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Hook and Dr. T. And wrap it up with footed bikes from Dr. Show. Right here on. Today's where you should have that stupid old Dr. Radio. If you think you're already spitting off positions, you're playing nothing but music. Well, you don't know. Chris, why can't I just put you over the internet? Come on. Oh Dr. Radio. Yeah. It's a 12-1 at 5-60W. By the way, speaking of that, don't forget, Jurassic Act is 6 to 10 tonight here on QA. We're pretty goddamn embarrassed about it. It's getting to be a regular thing. People are like swooning in the hallway when they look at the schedule. People who were, nearly, just take the schedule from bluff and just then, whatever. They're starting to throw back in as post, and he's taken it personal by the way. 56050560, POM560, is he taking that personal? Nope. That's good. Because we'd hate to see him get upset about him. By the way, the flight attendant, the guy that I was talking about, that had the wedding band that was from American last night to go looking guy. He's having surgery, our oral surgery. He's got a crack too. I can tell you the whole story because I was sitting right there at a... I mean, it's not like we're going to get there on time. I mean, it's the ready chance we're ever going to land. I know that it's always all the stuff like who's getting the lead and I got the oral surgery coming up. I still would like to know, and I haven't. What response about it yet from anybody who is or ever was a flight attendant? What kind of person wants a job like that? I mean, there's a lot of traveling, which I love to travel, but I like to go somewhere and be there for a while. I don't like to just get out of, you know, turn around and come back. Just get the turbulence in the air. And maybe these are people like to use the poop bag. I don't know what it is. They like to... Maybe they're suicidal, who knows? Maybe they'd like to come face-to-face with a man of tea in the Everglades. Here's Homestead, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I work for American. Nobody cares about anything out there, man. That's the American way. Yeah. And I never thought, wait a minute, I never thought about that. That's the American way that can mean the airline. They don't care about the employees, man. Why are they going to care about those passengers? Right. And everything we got is like a dinosaur. I mean we're working with NTQ equipment. That's what I hear. So, and the Japanese is a lot of big county. I mean the airport's going to make mega bucks, you know, mayor penis. Yeah. And I'll tell you, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, that 29 million dollars on it. The fall start on the expansion project. That's like 29 million. Yep. But that's just the way it is. Everybody hates everybody. And that's, you know, they... And for the other guy saying that he's going to a boycott, I mean you can't because they got all the other guys in the headlock out there in my age. Yeah. I mean they ran... What was the guy they ran out of there? A couple years back when American went in there to take over. They ran Rick Elder out of the airport. Yeah. And that's what they did. It's big business. It's all matter of numbers. Well, thanks for the good news, man. You got it. I can heavy weed break it. That's what that says. That's what I'm proud of. Okay. That's the American fucking way. All right. So now I understand, huh? The whole new deal we got out there. So we had a pilot and we got this guy to worse for the airline. And they both said, you heard those giant sucking sounds. I think they were trying to tell us something. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line here. We're still waiting here from a flight of tenants. We're waiting here from somebody who have been isolated in the last 20 years on time. Out of American flight. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil, what's going on? Yes, sir. Let me tell you why I'm never going to fly American ever again. I get to the airport early. Hey guys, want to get that exit roll. Get their real. Okay, great. I should have put him on hold, but he probably would have said that again. Yeah. Well, he's a little bit worked up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. He said something like, runs to the other. We can't say the begins with his teeth. Jesus. God, there ain't anything we can say anymore. No. Man is concerned. We can't. And he'll be on by the way to the sixth this afternoon. Yeah. For vacationing Humper. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's four Latterdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. So, I'm American. I'm flying from four Latterdale, the San Francisco through Dallas. And we were late leaving Dallas about 30 minutes. And we're in the cabin ready to go. And just before they closed the door, the store just comes on as well. Now, the pilot comes on. Ladies and gentlemen, we've got another at least 40 minutes on the tarmac before our wheels up according to the tower. So, if there are any of you who want to leave the plane and get another flight and I'm going to what? Leave the point. And you can do so now because we're about ready to close the door. So, believe it or not, a bunch of people run off the airplane. Well, what do you mean? How you're going to, if there's only a 40 minutes, how you're going to run off and get out of the plane? Well, I don't know. Unless I'm just understated. I've never heard that before. They gave people the option of getting off the plane. I'm thinking, 40 minutes right. We're probably going to be out there for four hours. Anyway, these people leave to close the door. They back the plane out in the tarmac. And we're not there for 40 minutes. We're there for about five or ten minutes. And we take off. And I'm thinking that that is really bizarre. Here you go. Un-American story. Beauty. Otherwise, the flights come in back. Actually, I might be the first person to say this day. We're pretty much on time. San Francisco Dallas Dallas Fort Lutter. Oh, right. Yeah. And we didn't get those bistro baggots. We got the, you didn't get the barster or baggots? No, the barster or no. We actually had real, I don't know who's food, but, you know, was hot. It was in a tray. And so, but anyway, there you go. And have a good one, Zaynca Zarn. Okay, and back to him. Yeah, but you didn't get that chat. But I know the first another goose. 560, 50560. Pond 560. Forget about the fancy food. We're not impressed. Don't you get the message. We don't want some gourmet goddamn chef with some baloney, a phony baloney of chat. But I know this blonde lady that was sitting next to me. At first last last night coming back. She gets the chat. But I wanted to. She was very nice. And she had a little bit of wine, etc. And they bring her her dinner. Okay. I'm not, I'm not having anything. I sort of please with the, with that stylus routine. And I look at her a chat. I'm going to look like two little. Turgs on a plate is what it is. Seriously. That's what it looked like. And then the stories are saying because people are asking. Well, how is it cooked? Oh, it's very, very rare. Very rare. Very, very lucky. We're still moving around just a little bit on the plate. 560, 50560. Pond 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a, oh, a lady. If we had a lady today all day. No, not one. You think we have a store. This is lined up from here to God damn Jacksonville waiting with stories. Nothing. Lady mobile and poor waterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Well, I'm not a sewer. But I am a lady. And I apologize if it's noisy. I just drove into a gigantic rainstorm out here in western. Oh, that's. Anyway. Well, it's, it may be the one through this. Um, couple years ago, I flew on American Airlines during a strike. And if you think it's bad when you fly regularly, you should try to fly during a strike. Yeah. Of course, we called because we figured the place going to be canceled. But we were assured that because it was Miami, with Warta and it was a very important Roop for them to fly was going to proceed as normally using supervisory personnel. So we went to the airport. We called again to verify that and sure enough, we got to Miami airport. The American terminal was like a ghost town. But this flight is going to take off. And it did. We got on the plane. The flight takes off. We fly on eventually. We land in La Guardia. I am not kidding you when I tell you that we sat on the taxiway in La Guardia for three and a half hours. Nobody. Nobody came out to tell us anything. All the scientists at Woodstay was that out of sympathy for the striking American workers, the ground people would not put the flight into the gate. And a half hours left there. But wait, it gets better. We got on the phone from the plane. Yeah. And we called American Airlines to check on the arrival. We were told our flight had arrived. Uh-huh. We told the woman on the plane, no, we're on the plane. You got to get us off. We were screaming and yelling and yelling. We were told that the call was going to be traced because it was a federal event to make the joke about something going on on the plane. Three and a half hours in New York on the ground until finally somebody got us into a gate and we got off the plane. That's the way. I wrote a letter to Crando Licing with the President at the time. Never got an answer. Nothing and I've never flown American again. Good for you. And just FYI, a couple weeks ago I flew Delta from Cincinnati sitting in row 23 and sitting next to me with Michael Irvin. So, Mr. Whitney is not the only sports person who sits in the club. Twenty two, the all-sit and twenty three I guess. Okay. And he's the thing Michael Irvin would buy to the plane. Okay, thanks sweetheart. Bye. Just say no to American. That's our motto. Just say no to American. Loud and clear. Come on. You can do it. Practice makes perfect. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pawn 5, 60 on the mobile one. I hope they didn't stick Ray in the same seat in Michael Irvin was sitting in the club. As Sally sits with the ticket up your ass. Another home home day in the office again. Well, why don't you even think about tonight? When Hucker Barbie asked the people who brought you mononocleosis Mary, are front of the announced this ball addition to the recreational plastic industry. Well, the introduction of new anatomically correct hooker by me. I was a little shocked to find out my 16 year old son was playing with golf. But my wife Betsy told me it wasn't an ordinary doll. That goodness it was new life-size sugar Barbie. And gentle hookers invited for keys. It's Barbie's long time business associate. Huggy bear. No, where's my money? That's new hooker Barbie. Available as final adult bookstore is everywhere. Battery's not included. It's assembly requirement. Barbie's friends Angel and Candy eat so separately. All right. 15 at 5.50 WQM 5.60. 5.60. I guess it's like the end of the war. Later again, we don't know because we don't have any windows too bad. 5.60. 5.60. 5.60. And nobody called it confirmed or deny yesterday whether we had horrendous rain out by the airport. And it was like shut down and backed up for hours and hours. I don't want to accuse anybody of lying. But three hours late. My way to Toronto is a long long delay. You follow what I'm saying? I'm long. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Are you doing? American Airlines stories from last night. Father and Lowe's flying in from Chicago. My wife's gotta go down to pick him up. Paws, you know, to check to make sure the flight side time finds out it's schedule and 20 minutes early. She calls back again just to make sure. Sure enough, it's schedule and 20 minutes early. So she hops in the car. Fed down there. Drives around. The plane did not get into the gate until 40 minutes after the flight was supposed to land. Yeah. It is fat on the Tomack for about an hour while the other plane that was in its gates. Oh, yeah. That's one of their favorite things. And if I sometimes when you're on the plane and the worst life you're going to get there 15 20 minutes early, something like that. And you get all excited about it. What you don't realize is that when you do land early, they have nowhere to stick you. So you sit out there on the tarmac and you wait and you wait. And well, we've talked to the other aircraft, but they're not ready to back out yet. And so we'll sit here until they're done. Good morning. That's exactly what happened. Thanks for the good news, pal. Have a good one now. Back to you. More horror stories. And like I said, they've got us by the short hairs. They've got us by the balls that keep squeezing tighter and tighter. And they're just laugh at us. They don't care. They don't give a crap. You want to go somewhere. Good. And they just pay your money. And then we're good and ready. We'll get you there. And if you don't like it, stay home. Stay home because some other soccer will take your ticket. And then, of course, the best part of it is all you got to do is look at them cross side now and a federal marshals will be waiting for. That's why they love publicizing these stories. Like what was their name? Patricia, whatever the first one was in Boston. And then the guy that poured the coffee on the guy's head. That guy was side caught again Boston. Yeah, that's why they like to really publish it. I'm going to publicize this story. Oh, yeah, the federal marshals, the CIA, the IRS. They got them stormed through. They'll be waiting for you when you get off the plane. So you better just sit there and shut up. And be real polite and whatever you do. Why? Why? Yeah, like I said. And whatever you do, please don't tell the effort. Oh, I was good enough. Here's plantation, hello. All right, Neil. I should have been going. All right. I have another American story a few months ago. Let's then use them. Let's bombard them with American stories. I was going down to Caracas and I left for Miami Airport. Oh, I. And the, um, to my surprise, the flight left on time, the checking was a painless and the food was okay. As doing my business in Caracas and trying to come back. And the point is that if you have a flight that's delayed and you're in another country, such as Venezuela, whatever problem you have is multiplied by a factor of 100. First of all, you can't get anyone to speak English. It gives you a straight answer. We're waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting. We're supposed to land in Miami. No, that was that in Caracas you were in Miami. That's in Caracas, leaving from, there was some kind of problem with the aircraft. And we couldn't get a straight answer. They had a fly another aircraft in from Dallas. And then the flight crew was also going to become illegal. This is another word that one of your other call is mentioned before about being working for a certain number of hours. And instead of landing at 6 p.m., we landed about 2.30 in the morning. And it was, you know, to say at least the disaster, but the point I want to make is that I do a fair amount of international traveling. And just about any non-US airlines, their economy class kills any first class of American, Delta, KWA, whatever you want to call it. And the people that don't get a chance to travel on a foreign airline really miss out, really cannot see how poor the services on any US airline. You know, I draw an analogy. It's like the thing with guns. People that have never been to a civilized country. I think that this is the way it is all over the world that everybody's running around. Blowning said there's brains out and everybody's got guns. And it's the same thing with airlines. It's a very good point. You make it. They never fly on international carriers that know how to treat you right and give you a comfort. And get you there sometime within a couple hours when you're spread to get there. Then they think, well, this is just the way it's got to be. And we're conditioned to what's so what can we do? And we just came back from Europe. We flew louder airlines. I don't know if you ever heard of them. No. It's spelled LA UDA. It's owned by a race car driver from Austria called Nikki louder. Yeah. And it was a 767 beautiful airline. The food. We had a flight economy class because we were going with the family. But the food, the service. Everything was excellent. The only problem was that the smelly Austrian, they forgot to bathe during the month of August. It was alright. But I would highly recommend that if a person has a choice when flying to another country. If they just try a foreign airline. Right. And forget about the frequent flyer miles. Whatever perks they get. They have comfort will well be worth it. Okay. I'm out of a third. And God bless you. You're right. You want to try that if Virgin Land is arriving. We're going to try that suckling your lines. Okay. Yes, Virginia is a suckling your lines. 567 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello. Can you allow you to. Okay, sir. Good. There is one airline that's always on time. It's better we'll express. It really works well if you're an envelope. Uh-huh. And that's it. Or a box. They really carry boxes. They always get them on time. They're there by 10 30 or free. Yeah. Valuja, we're pretty good if you wanted to wind up in a box. They were pretty good. Have you heard from the poor lady lately? No. Okay. Not too long. Go a couple of weeks. I haven't heard her for a long time. I miss her frankly. She's around. All right. Well, my best way. Last thing she said was. Don't take any bulls. I'm in. Have a great day, pal. Bye. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. As we continue with the horror stories, just say, Oh, two on American Airlines. I thought I was only going to do an hour on this today, but I'm so whipped up and so pissed off about this about the subhuman inhumane and the lies they tell and the lies and the stories. Oh, yeah. Well, the aircraft is going to be landing in 10 minutes. Which turned into 25 minutes by the way. And of course, it appears, therefore, in Toronto, depending on which year where the which year runway the plane comes in on. It's a long long long, long ass taxi to the goddamn especially in terminal three where American Airlines is. But they just keep stringing you along and giving you a lot of blue sky crap if they bothered to tell anything at all it is. Here's a lady mobile and Hollywood. Hi, Neil. I'm another American story. What are you? A lot. Last month, my brother and his life in three kids were coming from LA, but they missed their flight check in by about 10 minutes in LA. So he had a call me and said, look, they're rerouting me to Miami, but my luggage went to Fort Waterdale. So I went to Miami and picked some off, but it was, you know, about three hours later than me planned. And we've been we drove to Fort Waterdale to get his luggage and it turned out his flight there had been delayed at their layover in Dallas and his luggage didn't come into one in the morning. But he beat his luggage here and then on his way back he was going to his mother and while it was in Dallas, but to get there it was $200 a person more to fly directly to Dallas. So they were trying to little rocket running a car and driving, but they had a change planes in Dallas to get to Little Rock. Oh, unbelievable. And he said, what can we just stay in Dallas once we get there? They said, no, we'll cancel your return trip to LA if you do that because it's 200 more persons to fly directly to Dallas. Beauty. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Go to it again. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Let me try to contain myself this time. I got a watch on language. I guess it's so worth it. Okay. I had a dump you. I was like, it's a year for early couple of hours already to get my next enrolled seats. They say it's off filled up. So I get into playing a morning. I worked up as it is. I'm going back to the bathroom. I want to get the exit row and I see the guy sitting in the exit row and the guy has one arm. Uh-huh. I'm waiting there for the exit row. The guy is the one arm. I don't know. The guy is the one arm. So then I tell the students. I said, why I think this is a problem here. The guy in the exit row was supposed to pick up that 85 pound door on the is one arm. But he was supposed to be 17 out of the sodas. She wasn't too concerned about it. So I will never ever be an American again. But quite safe. She's only got one. I have a great day. Oh, God. Maybe we can get like the bandits like the pirates. You know what a patch of the I. One arm, one leg. That's the American way, baby. 567 and 0560, pon 560 on the mobile one line. Kind of like your handicap there a lot. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Any else? Yes, sir. I got to actually do some story. I took the to ride. I took Delta through New York to Rome and then back from Amsterdam through Atlanta. I got back yesterday. Yeah. Not only did we have a great flight. I'm 6 foot 4. I didn't get an exit row, but I sat on an aisle and the stewardess has let me sit in their seat in the back that has all the leg room. They got the leg room in the back. And they gave us a free bottle on our way out to the bottle of wine on our way off the plane. So I thought it was great. I thought Amsterdam was great and Delta coming back was great. But that was Delta. Not American. Delta Delta was flying. They were going to make it a comeback. I had no problems with them this week. Beautiful. Thanks for the good story. I did a great time. There you go. Delta. Maybe they are ready when we are. They've been waiting for a while, but maybe now they're getting ready. Now that America has dropped the ball, maybe you can hear the foot all over the world. You can hear this big. They thought it was the earthquake. And Turkey. No. That was the end. That was small compared to this stud. How about them finding those people by the way a lot of days after that? Like six days. He works in mysterious ways. So how come he let it happen in the first place? Wow. See nice. Don't confuse those questions. Huh? They're Muslim. Yeah. That's why. And let me say it again that Hurricane that's blowing in Texas was because of that white powder that somebody was snorting into their nose. That's what it was. God is real pissed off about that. Make no mistake about it. Okay George W. Talk about bush league. Well in the last 16 minutes I haven't done this in the last five years. How about a simple yes or no? Okay Mr. Cokid drug addict, booze on whatever it held your problems were. I mean, you know, if somebody's going to have to sping around it and the button too. Don't you think maybe we ought to have a right to know even if it was quite a while ago. If you got maybe having a little drug problem, a little bit stable maybe here and there. Huh? Especially since he has no goddamn ideas and we don't know where he stands on anything but never in the last his name is Bush. Didn't we get rid of the other Bush? But quite safe. She's only got one. I know I'm starting to make some sense. Do you love breakfast cereal? Do you love beer? Then you love beer. The world's first beer sok breakfast cereal. My husband never had time to eat breakfast in the morning and to get him to even touch me we like pulling teeth. But now he wouldn't think of starting his day without three heaping bowls of beer. And can't keep his hands off me. Have you heard your little words? Harvey? The kissles here. Beer is available at all fines for markets and liquor stores everywhere. I used to be depressed. So it's beer here. I've got a reason to wake up. I started staying with a buzz. Beer is. It's alcohol. It's fun. Harvey? Prof. 31 at 5.60. WQAM. We got your man dog man. Oh, right. Go ahead and go over. You're too. And after that you run your own baby. Got some good stuff on TV now. What's the name of that chill again on Warner Brothers? Seven to seven. Seven to seven. That's only the seven time you're told to have to go and show. But I don't care. Right. That's probably a crappy movie too. Dushing Mrs. Dullbow. Whatever. What is their name? Tinkle. Tinkle. Tinkle. That's probably a crappy movie. Who cares with those people? Although who are lots of C. Molly Ringworm? You know, when you come right down with it. But anyway, here's a tape that we get in the mail. This is bizarre. It's because really marginal movies. The Blair Witch Project Heather Donahue was found in Stake and Shake TV ads. Oh, I think you liked that. Well, she's cute. If you see, we're sorry, I'll have two minutes in the movie. But well, anyway, she's the poster girl and female lead in Blair Witch Project. She was by the restaurant's chain advertising agency. Young Larry Moore is the most credible actress as a part of the ongoing series of grilled guy and waitress. They can shake ads. And by the way, what's the story with Stake and Shake? Have we heard any more about the one in the game? No. So there you go. Well, you can take this. Then you can see whether she's in the middle of the eating the meter just shaking it. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. I'm telling you, Stake and Shake is the best at checking. Oh, I see there's a four miles call in there. I better mention this. Unclean practices made restaurant diners eel. Employees that a barbecue restaurant didn't wash their hands thoroughly and failed to handle food properly. Causing 23 people to get sick from bacteria laden coleslaw, a health department to report claim. Sonny's real pit barbecue served coleslaw with high levels of fecal coliform. On a July 16 retirement reception report. Well, yes, if you're retiring, you know, it won't have a thing in the job. Dr. Jay Roberts, South, the health department deputy neurologist, including this report. He came from the food provided by the restaurant because today after health department officials began receiving calls from some of the 130 guests who attended that event claiming they were sick. Cabbage and carrots were not washed before coleslaw preparation. It says gloves were not used during the coleslaw preparation and hand washing was not observed. Sonny's owner, Mickey Wood said Friday he'd been told the investigation was inconclusive, but to report concluded August 18, investigators found high levels of coliform bacteria and coleslaw which would have led to an outbreak of a no walk like virus. It symptoms are diarrhea, vomiting, fever, headache, chills and cramps without the end. How do you like that? All you people in four miles. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. I've been a while since I've called him, but just say, you know, we listen all the time. We're a transportation company and let me tell you, when we pick up passengers for American Airlines, imagine this. You call one time, they give you a one arrival time. You call 45 minutes later, the plane, they show that it has arrived, you get there, the plane is out there. I mean, you know, we make a living off, you know, limiting companies, meeting passengers off the plane. And with American, we always have a problem with them. They can never get their flight information right. You know, we try to get in their computer, they don't know when their own flights have landed or not landed. That's to me the most frightening part. Exactly. You know, we try to the internet. We call, we try to see what the voice, we try to see what someone who actually works for American at the terminal. And, you know, it's just the misinformation. And, you know, we try to make a living off that and try and explain to the passenger that we didn't make. We didn't greet, you know, oh, it's the airlines fault, they don't care. They look at us. Like we're the incompetent ones, right? You know, that aren't doing our job. And, you know, it's just the board. I mean, here's a real big horror story. Okay, pal. So thank you very much and for all the great years we've been listening and, you know, we love you. Okay, good luck. All right, you'll leave. Okay, getting a lot of verification today and the one kind of had the good story that was on Delta going across the pond, which is good of course, because when you got 75 million frequent flyer miles on there, you got to use them on something on Delta. So maybe go on across the pond, it's not such a bad idea. Here's a mobile and store, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. My American story is flying to Carmel, California, gorgeous spot. But my return, I called American Airlines and said, would it be possible to drive the San Francisco meet with family and fly directly out of San Francisco and they said, no, I couldn't do that because they would give up my San Francisco Miami leg of my trip. So I rented a car, went to San Francisco, drove back in the wee hours, so I could catch my plane from Carmel or Monterey to San Francisco. I get to the airport and they tell me the plane has been delayed. But it should still get there in plane a time for my flight from San Francisco to Miami. Sure. So they put me on the airplane about two hours late. We in the little SOB 340 propeller plane. We fly up to San Francisco and we start circling. When they say, do the winds, we have not received clearance to land it close one runway. Does that about every 15 minutes until finally comes on saying, wait, it's a gentleman, we are running low on fuel, we're going back to Monterey. Oh, so it's like, I'll wait back to Monterey. They put me on a, now I've missed my 1233 flight. Right. They put me on a bus, they'll let me on get there for the three o'clock flight. Of course, I get there at three o'clock and it's two late, my three o'clock flight. And I saw I sit around in San Francisco airport until it was, let's see, what time was it? It was late in the evening. They get me to Dallas. And when I once I get to Dallas, they say, well, the plane is going to leave at 1 a.m. Or to leave at 1215. So kick us out of the Admos Club. The guy lost the door behind us and the plane is sitting there dark. And I say, well, you know, the plane really leaves. Yeah. And they said, well, no, our flight crews coming out the next flight. Yeah, they forgot to tell you, you're flying it. Exactly. Well, the next flight wasn't coming into 130. So we need to get back to my amulet. 230. And you have to know. All right. This was usual. The flight coming up at the bottom is one time the board, my amy said it was in and landed. I'm waiting like an idiot at customs. Doesn't show up. It took me an hour and 45 minutes to learn the plane. It had been converted to K-WF. And they didn't bother anybody. Yeah, they, they, they're very big on that. They don't bother showing you on the board anything. And they don't want to tell you any of these things. You're just supposed to find it out by yourself, I guess. They want you to sit out, fuck for the guy that's smell too much of the, uh, common oxide fumes can yell at you for driving around 47,000 times. Right. Okay, pal. Thanks. Just say no, just say no, that's the bottom line. And if you're going somewhere that you need to fly that airline, just don't go there. That's all. Go someplace else. Remember like he said, didn't got father three. Love somebody else. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And of course, if the nose like that. And pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. Too bad about that. So feel, you know what? What is it ending? Be a friend. Be a friend. Still me, butadores and don't care. Got a horse underwear. Boom! You didn't make sure you want to cry so low From where it came. Turn the tramp drive you insane. I've been saying, ooh, it makes you wanna die. You should have bought some. It was now you got the run. Diabria, getting fun to have ya. Dancing in the rest room of the high. Eating tacos, the sun's not cold. You can eat spicy food with warm. Prop 44 at 550 WCM, greatest detest shirt I've seen Another month, the year, the century. Kidding Toronto on Young Street with a t-shirt this weekend That said, why 2K FU. Let's start printing those up. That's a good idea. Some 50 bucks a pop. To the employees, to the help. 560, you know, the more I think about it, I try not to think about that because if I allow myself to think about that, I have the feeling that I'm not going to come into this place again. Every time I think about the fact that station paraphernalia is being sold To the people who work here. I mean, I've worked at some of the schlokkis, some of the cheapest, Some of the most marginal joints you could ever imagine. And none of them would have ever dreamed of charging the hired full-time help For station paraphernalia, cats, t-shirts, all of these things. Wouldn't have dreamed of doing it. Greg, they would have been embarrassed. They would have been laughed out of the building by the hired help. Here's Miami with 16 questions, Maris next to what? Hello. Hey, now? Yes, sir. Hey, long time listener. I'm living LA now. I'm down here in vacation. I'm here on my last day with my girlfriend. We love your show and I got a shameless request. Yes, sir. Can you play the bird? I got a tape call and I have to record this thing to take it back to that way. Do you mean I hate the bird? Yes. Please. Well, how do you know the bird? Oh, God. I've been listening to you for years, man. I love your show. Oh. I wonder how the bird is, by the way. What is it going now? I don't know. He's clinging, uh, hanging on by it's right. Okay. Listen, pal. Have a great life. Thank you. Okay. If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 16Wild, you missed this. Has this the bird? Yeah. Bird. How you doing? Okay. Listen. Do me a favor. Play anything. Because I can't stand listening to you. You start like a douchebag. Do I? Just do me a favor. Anything. Well, can I ask you a question before you go? Oh, God. I'm so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, God. Well, why did you call me? I didn't call you. No, I just would tell you not to stay anything. Just play something. Oh, God, can't stand it. Well, then why are you listening? I play something already. Why won't you answer my... I don't know. You won't. See, he won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello. 146. 56WC, by the way, George, not to be outdone. You know, he understands what it's all about. When I'm on vacation, George, of course, will be filling in. And one of those shows, in fact, I think maybe more than one. You could do one like in the first day and then the last day before I come back. Hockey shows. Now we're talking. Oh! Finally caught on after all these years. Hockey is the key to the listeners' hearts here in South Florida. You want me to talk about? Oh, oh, oh. Draws a man like a magnet. I like a magnet. Seriously, we got 200 people on this plane last night. I guarantee you, I'm the old. Come in to Miami. This isn't a plane. I was going to like a gladlachara. Wasn't going to anchor with you last day. Come in to Miami. I will guarantee you on the only person was on I plane who the who Ray Whitney was. Oh, it's the bird junior. How do you like that? Yeah. Oh, God. Yeah, you, that was a put up. You asked to call them. No, he called. He heard the year request. 567.0560. 560. 560. On the moment where he formed a by the way, bird junior. Get the honey. Here's light house point. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I've been to the new steak and chicken. Boydon. Yeah. People are out the door. You got to wait 15 20 minutes for a table. I'll bet. Unbelievable. How come we got to wait so long in anywhere down here in Data Broward? I don't get it. But that place is so small. They could have built a twice and steak and they still can't get it. They didn't realize that the tremendous build up that we already can't hear for it. I don't know. Hey, what's the connection between Nicky Harrison and American Airlines? I don't know. They got the new arena named American Airlines. They brought the right to the right. You know, something sure you just convinced me if there was any doubt which there wasn't. That put it right over the edge. Thank you, sir. God bless you. God bless you. Yes. Great bumper sticker on Friday. It's the Jesus is coming. Look busy. Okay. And especially if you live in Texas, but it's a little bit too late. Okay. The big blow is going in Texas. Because Jesus and the Lord has found out that all that crap has been going on over there. He don't care for 25 years ago or 25 years in two days. He's not splitting hairs. Okay. When we got a governor over there, it's putting people 20 and 18 and 25 years old in jail for a coke. Pepsi ain't so bad. He said, but coke is pretty pissed off about. Lying sack of crap. And now that she was on the other foot, they're all like squirming and hedging and edging and who out, but it would be a, he's an outstanding guy, but he should answer the question. Yeah, I'll avoid him. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, palm five, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Miramar. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, the morning's a hurry. Great. Yeah, I just want to say that American is the most incompetent airline in the world. You want to hear somebody? Go ahead. American operations. It will call us from Houston. It will call us from New York. It has to be in for American operation. The number in Miami. Airport. Uh-huh. Yeah. If that's, well, can't listen. A lot better place to get the number, man. We got the numbers, but I mean, then you can, they should have the numbers. You think so, yeah. Yeah. So they're, uh, I guess I'm sorry. I could tell you. You got time? I'm listening. Well, my son was going to Syracuse. He was flying on the dock. And we got there early. And when he got to the, uh, counter the tunnel, he did the dock on the same flight. He had to wait for a later flight, even though he booked it with a dog. And, uh, so they finally put him on the same flight. Okay, when he got to New York, uh, he's done in a Ryan New York. And we're driving in La Guardia. So he had to take a taxi to La Guardia. Get the dog. And then the, the, the, the, the, the shuttle flight. The Syracuse. Yeah. So they want to, they were going to be in taxi fare. Syracuse. So he got to look at his girlfriend happen to be in the area. So, uh, they got to. Okay, thanks. Okay, five, six, seven, five, 60. Time to put the must wait on next time. And the pound five, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile info, Lauderdale. Hello. How you doing? Yeah, sir. Uh, Neil, I just want to, I relay a story. It just happened two weeks ago to my steps on. He was flying American from Fort Lauderdale. Two, uh, New York to Kennedy. Oh, hi. This flight was a two-channel even for a lot of bill arriving. Uh, New York at 430. They went out on the runway. They proceeded to stay on the runway. They said they couldn't take off because of electrical storms in the Jacksonville area. So they stayed on the runway till six o'clock that night. And they finally decided to take the plane back in. Let the people get out and make calls, whatever. They would put them on a flight at seven o'clock. He had a flight connection at 1030. He was going to Buenos Aires. Okay. By the time he got in. He was going away. He was going from Fort Lauderdale to New York to Buenos Aires. Right. Then from Kennedy to Buenos Aires. Oh. His connection was at 1030 from Kennedy to go to Buenos Aires. He arrived in Kennedy after two o'clock flighting afternoon. Right. And Kennedy at midnight. Missed this flight to Buenos Aires had to wait till 10 o'clock the next day. Okay. So I didn't have the flight to Buenos Aires. American did put him in the hotel. Gave them absolutely nothing. Nothing. They didn't even give me a hotel voucher. Didn't even give me a hotel voucher. Not a half part and they didn't do anything. I would sue the rest man. That's exactly. So I just want to relay that to you. So it took him two days to get out of Fort Lauderdale to come to the right. Okay. Thanks for the good news. But I guess that's a good reason to go to a Miami International and fly where the Atlantic American carriers probably. One of the ones that actually lands once in a while. If you can find one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. As the horror stories continue as American continues losing customers left and right. It couldn't happen to a more deserving bunch. Your performance is unacceptable. You fail the grade. Maybe the fesadagua, our ranch. Maybe have been very tasty in delicious. And the ice cream Sunday may have been scrumptious. But guess what? Nobody cares. Here's a mobile in deer field. Hello. Yes, sir. Is it true? Is it true? Is it talking? What is this? We please talk. Please talk one. Talkie for just a second. About what? Palm Beach Coast, Ren and Oracle. Yet to be about the possibility of the Panthers going after Yashin. Have you heard a thing about it? The Brian Murray just said last week that there's nothing going on. And he doesn't anticipate anything. They're not going to spend that kind of money when I give him $5 or $10 million a year. I think what you see is what you get, sir. Unfortunately, I think, well, we're what you see is it. So we have to work with the youngsters in the organization for one more year. I mean, the organization, but I think about three months into the year. I think the Murray's may be on a bus just connected. And then maybe we'll, you know, get a chance. Get a reprieve. Let's send them a unit that they've even worse. Okay. How about the connected, huh? She connected the Troy and Albany. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How about Shash, good tune? That sounds good, Brian. Here's some rise, hello. Yes, sir. Can you come with status or learns for whoops, will you be in the starting line up? Let's go to a mobile, you know, you can keep what I was caused from now until the end of time, sir. And then keep your office street. That's all I can say for you. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I think what you ought to do is take the copy of today's show. And mail it off to downtown, you over in the corporate headquarters. Yeah. Letting hear what people got to say because the employees don't have any effect on him at all. Right. I don't think he cares though. I don't think they give a crap. Well, employees don't. He's got the MBC people and he pays people way below what he should be paying. Yeah. There's a tremendous employee, apathy. So it's an end result. What you got? Okay. Thanks for the uplifting comments. Yeah, you see even the people that work for the airline. That's always the tip off right there. The people that work for them hate them like poison. They're all unhappy. Everybody's grumbling in the mumbling. And in the meantime, we're stuck with a fallout. I mean, it would be different if we're talking about some of that makes, you know, lunch meets or something like that. But we're talking about people that stick your ass on a plane and put you up there 37,000 feet on the year. And your life is in their hands in it. And hopefully, you know, trying to get from one place to another. And nobody gives a crap. WKM, my family, my father's dead. It's the water to kill our. These are new star wars that fed them with us. Many say it's not as good as the original. So now you can see the original star wars, but with a whole new cast. See George Bush as Darth Vader. Let's give him the dark side of the forest. That way we can roll the galaxy and father and son. Let me go home meet your mom, bar. See Bill Clinton as Luke Skywalker. I will never give in to the dark side of the forest. And you are not my father. For if you were, that would be, lay as my sister. After I saw her in that slavery, I thought I felt me. If they were in turn, see Ross Pril, as Yoda. That's your Yoda. Is Darth Vader Bush my father? Your father is in. And let me just say, that is real saying. You have one messed up family cracker, Mark. Your favorite movie and your favorite camping star have come together at last. I think there is good in your yet Darth Vader Bush. I sent the conflict and I feel your pain. Let go of your head. And be good again. Can't be that lick, let me put in the kimchi. Not going that. Not going that. Don't miss camp, ain't star wars. Coming soon to what they're doing. Right, say she's only got one. I don't know. It's a one o'clock at five sixty WQM. Look at that phone. Let's take all our calls right now. Show me, okay, here we go. Yeah, let's sit around and sniff glue. What are you saying? Five six seven five six seven five six. It must be two o'clock. Where's the mad dog? How's he coming? Yeah. Oh, not till two. I'm telling you, how many times have I said this? Fifty thousand times in a last couple of weeks. Just amazes me. The more on the more I think that I've never seen these things. And they just keep happening over and over again. Things that are just inexplicable in this town. You know what I'm talking about? All of these things. Yeah, those things. Nothing. They do go off. Banners into oblivion because like I told you before fifty-trillion times. Nobody in this town really gets pissed off about anything. They got a little excited about the penny sales tax. Fifty of, actually, got off the rest when on board. And they all said, yeah, and that was great. But that's it. You're dealing in the in law, all-anbabea. Yeah. A land of indifference. Do it. Just stick it to us. Keep sticking it in. They're twisting it. Niping it, making us bleed. We love it. We're going to essence and mostly on the, We love it. Just amazing to me. And so I must be, you know, something I'm convinced I must be a bastard. I must be a real prick. You know, because I don't want to tits their inner airport and I should throw out a plane. I'm the one that's steaming inside. The experience going up there on Friday, that to me was unacceptable. It was inhumane sitting there like a cockroach. Way to help back there in coach surrounded by a bunch of crazy people, trying to jam 50,000 things into the overhead. And I, you know, you notice we haven't had any calls about that today because I think most of you people believe that's the way it's supposed to be. One or two pieces of carry on, that to you means no more than 10. So you must be spicking a wrong language. That's what that means. What it says, one or two pieces of max carry on. That means no more than 20 pieces is what it means. No more than 90% of your total life belongings can fit on this plane. Crazy people. Here's a mobile and lottery, hello. Hey, now how are you doing today? Okay, sir. How is it? I was in a manager job after you're showing off, I ain't. Yeah. And I asked him how he felt about, you know, having the new guy come in and I helped you out with a play by plane and he kind of just laughed at me. You, uh, man, kind of said I thought you were going to go in and do a play by plane. How young is too young? Yeah. Yeah. Did you get happy to hear what I meant? It said when he was talking football, he said, I said, they'll die. I like your tight end. I think no, I didn't hear that. I will have to snap that on. Oh, you got to get that. Come and tell me really funny. Hey, closing. He'll be here at two, by the way, Pelga, heavy duty mad dog this week. Hey, includes, and closing. Inclusion, yes. Will you flood traffic? Okay. That seems to be their favorite because will you flood back? Well, we already found that out last year. Better not say it again because it'll be another 35 grand thank you. And guess what, Tom, I'm still hasn't discovered that story. No. I've gone Tom's, Baldi. It's just amazing. I guess they all threw their radio's out. They're too busy watching those exciting passion shows on TV. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing so? Great. Another American airline tourist story. Great. Pile him on, baby. I flew to Vegas and the S.P. to get off the plane if I, you know, they give me a $300 about it. So I said, what the heck the plane isn't going to leave on time anyway. So I'm on as well. I got off the plane. I ended up only getting in 10 minutes after the plane. I would have originally been on. So I had $300 voucher. I'm looking to use to go up north. I call them up. They don't go anywhere. The only places they go are either textures or Chicago. You know, and it's just a horror trying to get, I'm trying to get into the part of it. I finally decided that heck what the vouchers and I'm going to go US square. You know, at least I can get into the town I want to get into. Another thing going back to the police department. I just filled live up in New Hampshire and Amherst, New Hampshire. And I moved up there right around the holidays. I put up all these holiday lights and, you know, the Santa Claus or everything. And next thing I'd love to go out the window and there's a police car in my driver with the blue lights on. I go down there. And I saw showing me these town walls that I am, that allowed to put up colored lights in the town of Amherst, New Hampshire. And they had over 200 complaints from the town. So, you know, I was forced to take down the lights, but I thought it was a little ridiculous. You have to have only white lights and a white candle in each window. I didn't like that. You want to talk about Nazis? Yeah, but about if you got like out on the porch, you got those yellow lights to kill a bugs in a summer time, I guess those are the things you could have them in. The other thing is that if you want a police, if you want to get a carry pistol permit, you go down there and seven days later, if you're not a felon, they'll come and personally deliver you the permit for three year license by $8. All right. It's incredible, but you can't have colored lights. Thanks for the good news, pal. Thank you. You there. In other words, anybody can get a gun in New Hampshire. But if you want colored lights, baby, how about if you want to put a red light out there? Oh, no, but I'm not through that. It must be, it must be the end of the world outside. We're just oblivious to it because I mean, although I can't, how can it be our small dishes to work and find? I'm trying to drum off excuses for these people. I can't find any. 560560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Merit and airline didn't play up in there for nine years. Very proud to work for the company. All the back story here, you'll hear a thousand better ones. So, all the people that are calling it, saying that Merit and airline sucks, you guys are the ones that suck Neil. So, in other words, we just made it up as in it. Well, you know, you're one person, compared to the millions and millions of fly American Airlines. How about all that things? How about how is other people that call it? They're just making it up. I, you know what, just to be on your show, everybody just called us to say, OK, great. I knew we'd have to dump them sooner or later and just to spew to that. OK, well, we're happy that you're proud to work for Merit and airline for the last nine years. Probably can't get hired on by anybody else. Because we've had several American employees, or at least so they claimed that they would call it and not want them anything to say about the company they're working for, which sounds just like you're a QAM, by the way. Sounds like the Beesley Reed Company. In other words, we'll take the money thank you, but other than that, there's not too much good we can say. We're pretty embarrassed. And that did blame the masses out there, sir. It's Neil Rogers and his bull crap audience. They're the ones who are just saying this to make me happy. They're just making up all of these stories. You're a crazy person, sir. I hope to tell you certainly not working up there any year on any flights that I might be on. Of course, in the future won't be on net airline. So we don't have to worry about that. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing today? OK, sir. I fly 35 to 40 weeks here. Yeah. I'm on every all kinds of different airline. Here's a box at the middle of the desert. You could put two-thirds of them on and we'd all be better off. But my outlook on flying is just going to be safe. If I feel it safe, and then then the right thing, when you fly for a living, for business and a living, you can't look at it like a pleasure trip. But I was on a flight just a last ride. Coming back to Minneapolis on Delta. And at one of the so-called planes, then told us there was no pilot. The plane was coming in on another plane. We'd have to sit on the plane and wait till the pilot arrived. An hour later, the pilot arrived. And then they take off. We get into Atlanta. Atlanta didn't land. Three loads and tell us the transferring. That's not there yet. He'll be there at about 15 minutes. So we said, don't need our plane again. But the same reason, the pilot wasn't in. But at the time we got out to the term, after a 40-hour, 40 planes and we were doing a half, two and a half hours inside it. How many planes? Another good reason. All you folks out there don't ever fly to Atlanta if you can help it. It's a great opportunity to stay away from. I fly probably 70,000 miles or more a year and it's the worst transfer for 49ers. Yeah. If you just invariably, they'll move you from one terminal to another. It's like they say, oh, if you don't step it down, you're coming in, terminal, that's good. You have over and see. Clear together into the middle. Exactly. I do it to be every time. But most of the airlines on the average are fairly good. Most of the employees on the airplane are fairly good. But the scheduling system they use is antiquated. It's never going to work. They just never learn how to do it right. Okay, pal. Thank you. Good luck. 565, what do you say? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's 109 to QM. If you're going to use the EVIL in the ROG, you're sure I just come out and make these things up. Just a third of public up. Okay, because I'm a bad guy. I'm evil. I make up stories. I'm a mouth content. I'm a craftester. Okay. Just ask that goofball I call two calls ago. He'll tell you. Take a look in the mirror. Okay, sir. Take a look at all those people that were psychotic and hate your airline like poison. After that, Tyler walked out in several months ago. People are ready to kill themselves or somebody else because nobody gave a crap about them. You're a death. Oh, it's too hard to hurt. Too hard to hurt. They don't hurt. Why did their commissioner? And you got his maids. He's a leader from a time when they get too hot. And if you really put what you need, they ain't got 100 dollars. And we think it's what's all black. I left the devil's eyes and looked at what they're doing. They said, I'm 100 degrees. I'm more into shame than they gave. I'm sorry, I'm a crazy, a conspiracy. As fair as that you take to get some something you want. If any, I have to get some disaster. Bad, I'm so flat back. If I can cut it. I'm so afraid that it's always down to it. But if you know what I'm saying. I'm so scared. I'm so scared that I'm all the things you want to sacrifice. If I can't move out. It's not going to plan to do this. What I did here, I find this. I can't think of what I was just. I've got to really write here. And my name is Robert. I'm going to address Walmart. Morning. Morning. Morning. Hi. Hey Neil, how are ya? OK, sir. I have to tell you about Southwest Taiwan. I can't look to fight out of Tampa to come down to Miami. Yeah. They told us that they call our customer service, and we'll take care of it. service number with a long distance number. Like call that and they put me on hold for an hour and a half. But I finally had enough. But I thought those were supposed to be the good guys. I thought that was the ones that had it downpads. It's supposed to. But if we're now and a half on speaker phone and about $12 in my phone bill, I said, you know, I had enough of these people. It's just unacceptable. Okay, I guess this stay home is the answer. We came up at the end of the day, stay home. Okay. And of course, the solution to that is whatever you do don't let them call my Emmy. There's one more good reason not to be living here because if you're going to have to stay home, this is not where you want to call home. One less 567560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Unless you like to be an animal song. Maybe you do. Work for Harry Bellafonte. Here's a lady mobile and four lot of Dale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How are you doing? Okay. Okay. Well, you know, I usually fly to Jamaica and I flown on American Airlines and nothing too terrible but it's just not pleasant at all. On the other hand, that's what what does that mean? Not too pleasant at all. It'll be the attendance. I mean, you know, you could be dying for they pay attention to you. Yeah. I don't want any attention. I would just like to, you know, board the plane somewhere close to our expected and get to where I'm going sometime close to and just get a safe flight. That's all. That's all. I don't want any fancy food. I don't want them to come in. Pamp or me. I don't like that. That's all I'm asking. Very simple. Although it's to be helpful if I got in the seat belt extended that I needed. That has to do with face dance. Is he felt like a tender? Yeah. Well, when you're bigger and you're in your right. Well, bigger than what? Bigger than a house. It's bigger than a house you mean? Oh, yeah. But I've also flown on air domain. I kind of like weighed down on the plane. I mean, like, don't they have to, like, offload some of the luggage in? Maybe so. I've also flown on air domain. No, that's one by a third world century. And they managed to get off on time. And they have air conditioning that work. Yeah. And flight tickets to the free reading. You see, too. Yeah. So, I mean, the difference. It's American should be better. But it's not. Yeah. Okay. Well, it's about, yeah. Period. I can't believe, carry on luggage, especially people in Miami. They've got to move their whole house at once. Especially if they are going to Jamaica. I mean, soft and tight and strength. Okay. I think your phone just got caught between two folds. There. Okay. Five, six, seven. What? Well, you could hear it. You could hear it like that suffocating sound. I think the phone got sucked in there between two gigantic folds. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Louis, some white honey. Come on. She felt the standard. I mean, it's serious. Have you ever heard of that? A seat belt extended? How? I mean, how about Al Goldstein? You think that he could sit the seat belt around him. I never thought about that before. Huh? Must be. Although, maybe in Al's case, what he does is he gets by his two seats and then he takes the middle part of the seat belt's out and just you know, I'm talking about just ties the two steps together from the side. Louis, somebody to eat heart and maybe we can get an excavator over there to get that phone out. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, sir. Yeah, listen. I want to thank you for the last couple of weeks. They're entertainment. I get to go back to work tomorrow, but you recommended that book, smell, oh, the God. I just finished reading it. Yeah. That's one of the greatest books. Gotta be one of the greatest books of all time. Yes, it is. Even though James B. Davis, the religious nut, religion, or the son, sent a review of it and said it was full of crap at a wasted time. That means we know it's great. I mean, with those scissor, is the people that actually, the people that take the other Bible literally, I mean, this guy just makes everything, everything, everything, I can't tell. I mean, I don't have to put it, but it's so logical. Yeah, very simple. Nothing complicated about it, right? Exactly. So anyway, thanks again and see a couple months when I get off again and look now, so I can listen to it. All right, have a great life. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, six, they pound five, six, they on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. First of all, that lady shouldn't go by plane. She should go by barge. How do you like that? She wanted a seatbelt extender. Hello, there's a meal. I got two quick stories that they still have story, seem insignificant for American Airlines. Yeah. One was in July, I'll fly for Miami to point her prints. The woman at an asthma attack. We were in a game hole through a hydraulic problem, which should have warned me first of all, you're playing. The woman wanted to cardiac arrest on the plane. They kept on saying, I don't know. Okay. Yeah. I'm helping to test compressions on her. Next thing I look at her, she's dead. It wouldn't remove her. It took two and a half hours. In the meantime, a passenger at the back of the plane, another Haitian woman has a heart attack and dies also. Oh, I'm back and turns around to me and we go, we'd like to give you a couple of bottles of wine for your health. Yeah. And that's, this is the airline has the supply of the flight in two million miles a year. And the airline has no compassion, no regard for its best in his morning work. Two on the same plane, huh? Two on the same plane and then two weeks ago coming back from the floor, a young lady had a seizure and she pleaded with them. The seizure, the game room, she pleaded for glass of water for the medication to avoid it. They said, we're sorry, we're taxing no beverages allowed to be served. We had a seizure. We had to be back to the gate. We ended up sitting at the gate for additional three hours until it had the paramedics from New York City come and did. Well, I've wanted to get in pretty expensive, you know. Hasn't. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Pick it up. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You believe that thing about the two on the same plane? Believe it? There's a mobile in Miami. Hello. No, I don't believe in the oil. No, the kind of a full-o crab. I think it's just grunthled employee material. Yeah. That's why he was just trying to make that other guy happy the air the employee. That's why it was making his crap up. It was a nice game of watermanship. Listen, Neil. There's different things I love to do is one of fly and two is eat good chocolate. And I think the death note of American Airlines was when they stopped. Every time you use the gun on a plane, they give you a little three pack of truffles. I don't know if you remember this. No. But they used to give you the most delicious, wonderful truffles. No, but I do remember the big, very warm chocolate chip cookies they used to get for dessert all the time. They don't give any of that anymore, Neil. And I think that that was the thing about the American Airlines today. Kiss a desk as far as Atlanta is concerned. There's one thing about Atlanta that Atlanta can boast better than Miami better than most of the day. They've hacked all the chocolate away for a rainy day. Well, you've fudge back him? Yeah. I think as far as as far as Atlanta goes Neil, Marta is so convenient. They have a little train, you know what I mean? It links very nicely with the bus systems. And it'll take you right here to the front to the terminal. You take a little train as beautiful. I don't understand what you're talking about. What does that mean? Why does like there are there, you know, public transportation? No, no, no, no, no, but that's not what we're talking about. You don't get on public transportation when you're changing planes in the city. We're not talking about that. We're talking about the airport. I understand that, but that's part of the functionality of the airport is the flow of people through the airport. And to me that's something that I really look at. Dallas forward works as the other hand, they got those little trans and trolleys in the app. But I've never been number 42 for takeoff in Dallas and for worth. I mean, you know, I grant you it's a big and congested airport, but I've never been number 175 for a takeoff in Dallas. I mean, that sounds ridiculous and so to do people dying dying on the plane, but I'm not sure. Which one of the two you think is more likely? I think that that being number 42. Number 42. Okay. Thanks a lot, thank you. Here's Volker Bryant, of course, can't afford to fly, so he's a real happy about the whole thing. Now that is what he times show van is making those discs up in the sky, you don't have to worry about going up there anymore. Let's go to the crawl springs, hello. New, my God. Queen. Yes. Hey, man. Hey, DC Bay, FFA. You know what? Let me tell you up in Washington, DC. Yeah. WJFK, they've got an ad for Jerry and the guy comes in and he says, I'm under orders from the most powerful man in Washington. And the other guy says, who's that? Janet Reno? And yeah. Well, that was, well, okay. Thanks. Thanks for the week material, okay. Woo. Five, six, seven, five, sixy. That's why we're glad we're not in Washington. I'll tell you that, pal. Right now. Radio is not the only thing that stinks up there, but boy, it's right near the front of the list. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, sir. I got another horror story for airlines. Going through Atlanta. Yeah. I get bumped off at two flights trying to get to Norfolk. So I grew up to a little red probe guy works for Delta. Holy, charging it. Do yourself a favor, get out of the Atlantic. You ain't going to get any help here. That was the help I got. And it was at my destination of 472 hours later, three days. It took me to get to Norfolk. We're in the whole family vacation. All right. So I'm going to call Delta Airlines sucks. Thank you, Neil. Okay. I'm sure they give a crap, too. Believe me. They're a crime crocodile tears right now. See, I get five weeks of your vacation and if somebody should screw up my vacation, I guarantee I'm going to position to say, well, guess what? Didn't work out this time. I'm going to make up for it. Some other replace down the road and say, okay, whatever you say, but most of you poor bastards out there that have to work for 11 and don't get five or six or 85 weeks of vacation in the year. You can't afford the luxury having some stupid half-assed airlines grew up your vacation for you because what's it's gone? It's history. It's not a yo's, it's a goodbye. As they would say in a Marlon game, if I'm Prince A too happy about it, by the way. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay, sir. I just wanted to say, I fly American all the time. Like I noticed a huge difference between the way they create you in international flights and national flights. Yeah. When you're going over to Europe, it's a good airline they treat you good, give you nice meals for you. I have a much of thing as you want. They take good care of you. South America is the same thing. But nationally, they blow and one more thing, Joseph Gackie, what the hell's he doing in your station? Because he blows too. There you go. It's going around, pal. A lot of blow and going around. And don't forget what we always say in a radio business, okay? If you blow too much, you're in trouble. Joseph Gackie. No, that and he'll be on from 6 to 10 tonight. Did I get barbecue to get barbecue? I'm saying a little bit too much in flexing that time. Was that barbecue? That's more like it. Seriously, how can you be honest radio station? I mean, I realize this is a make believe operation here. I do understand that there was like radio and a vacuum here on the show, but that can't possibly be. And at Greg Reed thinks that he's a broad Kansas. Joseph Gackie that he's obsessed with. That's what they were telling me the morning crew this morning in a hallway. We were having a real good bit session out there in a hall. I don't take any bulls. I'm in. Oh, crap. Look at my butt. I'm such a beautiful thing. Wow, they're just too old, break your Number tenion if you've heard about the piano and it's expected. Yeah I scared those littleerstals here. Keep calm. I have a chance with the dear little stingers. I got so tree-bed you mine, and a body like you show. Rectomy. My self-increemly side had a kid you never know. No. To see me is to want me. You're all good type to be. My daughter's tattooed with me. You see me all over M.C.V. Now that is for me, G.I. I know you want me. You're all good at it, you're all good at it, you're all good at it. You're all good at it. You're all good at it. Your body is not that powerful. You're all good at it. Five, six, seven, five. Five, six, seven, five. Here's Holly Woodhill. Hey, Neil. Hi, John. Great. I fly about 15 times a year, and I don't have too much of a problem. I tried to avoid boy. You're the one. Well, I tried to avoid Friday Sunday in Monday, because everybody wants to fly on Friday, Saturday and Monday. Yeah. And if you do fly on a Friday, Saturday and Monday, that's the flights are all jam packed. The service, thanks, the food, thanks, everything, thanks. If you go, I would have to agree with that. This only seems to be an epidemic of portions in the last couple of years. It's starting to escalate like in the last six months the week, you're getting worse rapidly. Yeah, but the airlines pushed through more passages in those three days than I do any other fall off. Those are the big travel days. Also, about short delays. Airlines want to tell you that delay is going to be 15 minutes a half hour. So you don't go to the competition in fly on their airline. You can use your ticket to fly out another airline. Yeah. As long as they have seats available, I'll give you an example of Dallas Fort Worth. It's a hub for Delta at American. If a flight is delayed on Delta, you can write over to American and get on their flight. And that's the end of it. Yeah. But they tell you the short delays. It's so to stop you from sturdling along. Yeah. And the other thing is, if you kind of fly and you fly off, then I know that. You have to do your homework. You have to know how many seats are available on the plane, how empty or full the plane is. Anytime you're flying peak periods 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Forget it. Everybody wants to fly 8 a.m. Basically, what you're saying is that if you're in another words, if you're retired, which most of a time. Most people can't afford to travel in the middle of the week and then just pick off times. You know, you're going to have to put up with the bull shot. If you're going to fly time time, it's as simple as that. If you're going to fly off periods or you're going to fly off days, you have no problem whatsoever. Well, you're just accepting it. I don't accept that. It's not a question. I'm going to enter. Well, it is a question. I have to change my schedule. It's a lot of to make my connection. Let me say it again on international flights and I fly to your five times a year. You don't encounter anywhere near the same number of problems. Very, very, very. That's true. Well, what do you want on our flight? There's not a flight of heat times. There's not as many passengers flying in an asional. There's not as many airlines. You know, you talked about course. There are just many airlines flying international. No, not not not not not all year. You're you domestic fly in a national. No, but how about all the how about all the international airlines that don't fly domestic? That's true too. Helitania KLM, Wolfponds. I could go to a. Oh, they're a coach. What's there? Huh? They have coach shares with airlines in this country. They're not a flyer further. In other words, it's a Italian drop you with JFK. You could pick up with their coach. You're going to have to San Francisco or whatever you want to go. And it works the other way around too. You can come from Miami on a domestic area and get an alitag in the York and Rhode-O-Loyedly. That's exactly true. But international isn't. No, you see, I can't accept your philosophies. You know, I'm glad that you're one of those easy people. And you're willing to sacrifice, you know, when you want to fly and what time you're going to go and do all what do you call homework? I'm sorry. The kind of money that I paid a fly. I'm not willing to accept that. I'm not willing to join your fraternity. It will roll over and play dead for you and stick it to us. Not this kid. 560560, pound 560. It's just like this business of overbooking. Over, you know what that's like. It's like when Jimmy, uh, Jim and Tammy Fage, Jim Baker was overselling condominiums that didn't exist. He went to jail for it because it's called fraud. And selling seats on an airplane that they don't have is also fraud even though what we have all these last minute people that don't chalk too bad. That's your problem. Overbooking is should be illegal. It should be against the law. And again, the public is sucked into this, you know, more than once in my life, I've forgotten on a plane and discovered that I had a boarding pass for seat there. 22 B or whatever it was. And somebody else had a boarding pass for the same goddamn seat. And then I'll then get on the PA begging and pleading. Oh, we're overbooked. Would you please, looking at your $300. They always started some lowball figure. $200, $300. Look at your $500. We're throwing a car. Look at your stock in the airline. Whatever it takes because we sold something that doesn't exist. We have 180 seats on this plane. We sold 200 seats because our track record our computer shows us that 20 people stiff as every now and it's got something to bad. That's your problem. It shouldn't be the customer's problem. Fraud is what that is. So thank you so much US government for deregulation baby. You've really made it into a big picture of all of us. Thank you. Here's Sunrise. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. Listen, I used to work for the airline first of all. Right. I tell you what. The captain's in a flight attendant's there to one is making money. Okay. The ground people are making much number one. Man has been never back shot. I used to try to get people from taking four bags on the plane. You know, like you were saying before, never got back up that management. Just let them down with four bags. A bag that is a size of an arm bar or something like that. See, that's another big difference between international flights. Oh, somebody just chopped him off. Between international flights and domestic flights. Try doing that on an international flights sometimes. Slip in the half a dozen bags. I'll say, oh, sorry. You have to check those. There's not a chime in chance in the hill. They'll let you put all that crap on the plane. But for some reason, domestic flights. Oh, sure. You got 27 bags. No problem. Just a stick amount of the seats. Stick them on the overhead. And where you can stick it. Okay. What happened that guy? I think he just got the deep six. Oh, it broke around one of them the gun first. 5.6.7. Oh, goka. 5.6.7. 0.5.6. 5.6. On the AT&T wireless line. The most depressing man on the face of the year. If you're in a really foul mood, if you feel like the world is against you, just that book of brain. In fact, that would be a great way for you to make rents and extra living. Cheer everybody up by showing them how much worse your life is than theirs. Even if they're dying of some horrible terminal illness, you can do a little, you know, what are your little arts and flowers routine and they're right by their bedside. I bet you don't feel great about it. Don't say, oh, my God, the pain is so great. There's something I must be a lot better off than I thought I was because look at him. Both are blind by the half hour by the minute. It might take only 30 seconds for you to put that gun to your head and end it all. Let me do it to his. That is where ATV home from man. He come in the groin. He's just in skill. He snores. Hello. I'm Bernie Co.Fell. And I'm barely allies, but I don't snore in here's why. When we go to sleep, my wife always carries her anti snorkeh. Not only is it easy for her to use, but it's very effective too. And here's why. Just one quick flow of the trigger and you'll sleep snore free all night long. If you have a loved one that snores, use the anti snorkeh. Just with the NRA order. To order yours. Have played a great game called the NRA at 1-800 of Marigan Lays. 1-4-5-6-705-60, Pomp 5-60 on the ATV and T-WELUS line. What's the number on that one by the way? Because this guy thinks he's got a little number going here. Over and over and over again, which is not even annoying. Just pathetic sir. Here's Boker, hello. Hello. Hang on one second, sir. What is it? 968. 561. Yeah. 968. Yeah. 307. Okay, so maybe somebody will want to call up and talk to you and I'll sports with his asshole. You're an idiot, sir. You're more on the sports jerks that call us radio station 20 hours a day. 561. 968. 307. Culling up and keeping busy. Okay. Here's Boker. Hello. Hello. Yes sir, sorry about that. No problem. Just for the lecture as a call, that calls about I don't know. A couple of phone calls to go to work for American Heathpool Crab. I've been working for American for nine years and I can tell you 90% of the 90% of the employees hate the company. They love their job. They love what they do. Yeah. But they hate the company and then reflect somewhat they do. Well, I said that at the beginning of the show to them. They're not because I feel bad because I know there are a lot of people at work hard and that try their damneders to do a good job and serve the public. But it's a hopeless cause with this outfit. Yeah, and the boarding process. They thought what they've done. They've ruined it by boarding by categories and just just saying basically, you know, what the system they use in America, which is a vantage goal or platinum or whatever other metal that they have that day. They want to board those people first and everybody in Miami classified it in a vantage goal, platinum or whatever. Yeah. When they started finally boarding the plane on Friday, an hour and some late. I thought to myself, see everybody in this plane must be in first class because there is seven Zillion people all rushing in and the two people that were, you know, taking the tickets were overwhelmed. They didn't know what they'll do. I would be that that's the point. First class first people that need assistance people. That's the way that real airlines do it. Well, but not in America. In American sense, they want to make everybody feel important or whatever. It's a free fall. It's horrible. It is horrible. And I've been working there for 90 years. I'm afraid it's in an I have been seeing it worse and worse and worse and worse every day. So I couldn't agree with you more. Neil. Good luck, pal. All righty. Hang in there. Take it. Okay. Bye. How do you like that? Yeah. We've had several people who claim, you know, again, these calls are anonymous who they'll know is who's real than who's not. They'll claim to work for American today and all of these steps into the one guy who wants to blame everybody else. Point the blest of finger-ablamed me and these horrible people in the audience because obviously we're all making these stories up. What's held and we won? We expect to get there on time or some are close. What's wrong with us? Especially paying those great bargain, Marie. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I wanted to tell you that I agree with you in that overbooking thing. Yeah. One time I was on the airplane and I was, they did I can visit the cockpit if I wanted to. I went up there and I was, I was in the middle of them talking and they were talking about all the, you know, the things that they talk about and I just heard over her and one of them saying about them, they're talking about your show actually. Uh-huh. And one of the guys just put it down and go, you know what? That's that's a great. Okay. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. That was especially good. That's why let them go all the way through with it. That was really good. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Have a story for you. I just got off the plane list and an hour ago from New Europe from New York to Miami and I had the unfortunate mistake of flying on tower. Tower air? Tower air. Yeah. Okay. Flying up there, we left on Friday. I've seen there big 747s but I know what that is. What kind of an airline is that? It's a piece of shot. Okay. We actually, we were split, we met a Fort Lauderdale to 45 on Friday. Some guys shoot themselves in the terminal and traffic is backed up completely for it. Okay. So what would you get a shot himself in the terminal? What is that? Guys, shot himself in the head and in the terminal. Yeah. So like the cops throughout there couldn't get fire anything. Okay. We get there, we get up to the line and they start taking her anandown. They say, well, you got your late weekend Karen, so you're going to get the flight. So we're standing there right online right up at the counter. Well, couldn't they at least give you his seat? Yeah, right. They take the guys from right behind us and they say, that's it. The flight's full. You have to, you're not getting on the flight. You know, they took that one person behind us, that was it. So they said they overbooked the flight. Okay. 747s to see this plane holds 500 people. So I go up to the manager and by this time this woman's screaming, they got the cops out there after her. We're talking to the manager that just like, there's nothing I can do for you. You missed the flight you were late. Okay. I talked to the guy at the guy I didn't want to hear anything. He says, this is going to get us on a flight out of Miami at 7 o'clock. So and he said he's going to do a securitacy and not chore just for the fear difference. Okay. Yeah. No, I start flipping out of the guy. We end up driving down to Miami. Okay. We get to Miami. We start talking to the guy. I'm like, look, you guys bumped us because you oversold the flight. He says, no, that's not true. We didn't oversell the flight. You got their late. Okay. We told the guy what happened. He was like, there's nothing I can do for you. That's for a lot of those problems. Not mine. Okay. So I'm talking to the guy. He gets us on the plane. We get our boarding pass. It's the everything. And the guys arguing with us. Because here are cars in Miami now. We're asking the fly back into Miami. He says, no, I have to charge you the fear difference to fly into Miami. Well, how much could the fear difference be? Well, it's not even a question of that. They bumped us off the flight. Yeah. Okay. So the flight ended up taking off of like close to 345, which was an hour late. And we're sitting here on flight. We get onto the plane in Miami. We're waiting on the plane. We're supposed to leave it 7 p.m. Okay. 725. We're still waiting. The captain comes on. Ladies and gentlemen, we're waiting for some late passengers. So we're sitting there in Miami, waiting for late passengers when they bumped us off the flight because we suppose we got to portla to Del late. Okay. So ridiculous. So we're flying in today and we're sitting in New York. We get there. And we hear the flight attendant come back and she says they booked this guy. They put this guy on a seat that doesn't exist. So it's like row one seat H and there is no seat H and row one. Okay. Well, maybe you can sit in the cockpit with that other guy. 560, 10560, 10560, on the 18. I think the acid that they were talking about before I think they must be sharing it with some of the passengers. One 51 is 560. In fact, maybe this guy can get that dog that got lost on the way to Syracuse and only out of somewhere. And it can all sit back and cargo and have a good time with us.