Second call. The Neil Rogers show. The first time I'm sitting in the bathroom is a real one. Six hundred. And over dated Howard or pound five sixty on yourself. All the opinions of Neil is guest call. That's okay. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily really like those of WGQM. Be easily re-enact positions or the beastly broadcast. How about this written out? Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 562 AM. Oh God, Neil. Let's see off. Shubbo's but these up my ass. Shubbo's but these up my ass. How rack. I'm gonna throw out his today's one comment with one title. Restrain. Shubbo's but these up my ass. Shubbo's but these up my ass. I've appreciated it. You've appreciated it with all the old ads by. Shubbo's but these up my ass. Shubbo's but these up my ass. You've senest words you're in to help slide a minute. It's easier than I do. Life by extra see to land so don't fold them out too bad. First restart out slowly and see that only when the last ones about two bucks. Shubbo's but these up my ass. Shubbo's but these up my ass. Shubbo's but these up my ass. But don't tell nobody. Delta economy and land behind my back. Shubbo's but these up my ass. Shub bo's but these up my ass. It should be okay. What are eighting? Life is really just me, Dad. Just those subfeeds, but my Dad. Just those subfeeds, but my Dad can't go. But life is called, or I have to call it the South America again. 10 out to it, 560 WQM happy Tuesday today. So the first thing I find in here this morning, open up the door, walk in. Here's a CD sitting on towards his desk in there. Rock to us by who brought this over? Tony the Tiger. Tony the Tiger from Power 96 brought this over. Thank you so much, maybe. Let me give you a little clue as to which CD this is. Okay. Okay, that's you into the clue. And then this morning in the newspapers, both in the Harold and the Sun Sentinel, the list, I mean you talk about hype. What have I been trying to tell all you kids out there? Like Don Sherry always says he says it too much by the way. But let me say it again. All you people out there, if you could just get the hype machine behind you, even if you have like marginal talent, even if you have like no talent, even if you old points on the Richter scale, you can be big. I would say like about this big. Here's the Sun Sentinel. Here's the Harold. Ricky Martin's crossover, a cultural house of mirrors. Album slick and shallow, but timing is perfect. And in the Harold it says, Ricky Martin is the Latinize, but the sound still slick. It's still slick and the sound too. Well, by the way for the guy that called here yesterday, about meeting our running into Ricky Martin, the liquid one night last week, which I found out he was there. But guess what sir? Everything else you said, you were full of crap. I don't want to go into details, okay? I don't want to say that he's a f***. But that's just the way it is. Right from the horses. Right from, okay? That's just the way it is. See what we have in the world, not just in America, but in the world. We have this enormous number of young ladies falling hit over heels in love. I mean passionately, obsessively, with guys who they never possibly could touch, no matter what they look like, no matter what the circumstances, no matter how much booze they poured down these guys through. Do you understand? You follow what I'm trying to talk about? The word is f***. Now, Sam, the sham art promotion man, we'll talk to you in saw the Ricky Martin TV sitting here. Which by the way, you think that after, I mean, this is how many he had. He's had several CDs out now for five at least. And this is like the plane, can you believe that? The plane is looking, I mean, there's no imagination here. It's just a picture of the newest incarnation of Ricky Martin. Looking, you know, like, I don't know what the word is you would use. Pretty. Huh? Well, no, sure, I think that's a good question. Because Sam, the sham came in, and he looked at, said, oh, he's a stud. And I went, oh, yeah. He's a stud on the bottom of the stud. I said on the bottom of the list, I didn't say on the bottom. God, you are a jet, you're bad, you really are. I don't want to say he's a f***. So, okay, let that's our pull question today. If you could pick one word that iscribed, Ricky Martin, in fact, I'm way to generally speaking. I'm sure that most guys out there, especially straight guys, don't want to be called pretty or beautiful or cute. That may be cute, huh? Handsome, everybody would like to be called handsome. And everybody would like to be called a stud. But if you were to pick one word that would describe Ricky Martin, okay, here's the pull question. Listen carefully to the choices. I'm not going to be repeating them, okay? Which word would it be? Because he is hotter than a pistol. He's hotter than jungle juice in the Bavaria. I mean, he is just smoldering. Because the hype sits that Grammy Awards man, there's no hold on the back. And since all that BS about he had the big smooching thing backstage with Madonna, does anybody believe that? I mean, he is just hotter than hell. How do then hell? Okay, here's the choice of words. If you were to come up with one word, it iscribed by the way, you feel about Ricky Martin. Is he pretty handsome? Cute, beautiful, stud or monicon. Which of those words would you use? What are you laughing about? I'm giving them several good choices, okay? Come on, let's do a real quick I run down here. Ricky Martin, he's hotter than hell. Even though he deadbeat to this audience, who that is, he's been hanging around for years since way back in Manudo in General Hospital. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 1 1 line. Let's hear it. One word, WQA and hello. QA and? Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I think Ricky Martin is mighty gong. Okay, thank you. Now keep tracking these votes, okay? Oh, God, that's bad. That's bad. You people are bad, okay? Are you saying these? I would hear saying, WQA and? What is it? WQA and? Yeah, Ricky Martin. Mighty gong. WQA and? Mighty gong. Okay, boy, so far, you know, this audience usually can't agree on what time of day it is, you know what? But so far, they seem to have it together. WQA and? Yeah, I can't talk to Neil. Speaking. Neil, yes, ready. Pretty, okay? There's one for pretty. Pretty, um... WQA and? Macon, spick. Okay, Maddoco and spick. Well, isn't that like redundancy? I think so. WQA and? Hello. WQA and I'm a mobile here and I couldn't, they couldn't get it out. WQA? Yes, sir. Uh, money cone. Now, he said, Marty Cohn. Okay, remember, am I a gold friend, Marty Cohn? The harness racing guy he's been dead for a few years. You really want it? No. No. No. No, no, no. Come on, let's hear it for Ricky. He's not. Let's get with the program, baby. Let's get him to swing at them. No. Come on. Give it to Ricky. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Come on, let's hear it for Ricky. He's not. No. No. No. No. Come on. No. Come on. No. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, Ricky, what is, uh, Maddoco? Thank you, sir. Okay, the votes are pretty strong. WQA and hello. Very pretty. Very pretty, okay? Very pretty. No, so what he said that? Very pretty. Anthony, very. WQA and hello. Good answer. Okay, is it an answer? He's an answer. I'm vote for he's an answer, okay? This is good. We got this, this audience is whipped up. They're fired up and pissed off about this. Because they can't figure out how come this guy is making all of this money. We've probably got people in this audience right now, can think better than he can. I can think better than he can and I can't think too much. Huh? No. WQAM. Maddoco. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, that was my favorite of all time. I got goosebumps the way he said that. Wow. Okay, thank you. Thank you so much. WQAM. Yeah, I mean, by the meal. Speaking, sir. Why the way? What is it? It's Maddoco and Neil. Speaking, this is me. This is Neil. This is. I think that uh, recommended. Maddoco. We won't eat. Okay. What have you? Oh. Okay, well, we'll continue this in a second. I think this is very important. I mean, we try to get into the timely stuff, okay? I got my letter from the Panthers my thing yesterday. Do I want my seat again? Gotta find out how where I can play a CD burner. What do they call those things, by the way? The CD and the DVD. What do they call them? Recorder. Recorder. I'm gonna find out how much the artwork can get one. I could go to Gary Sarner and check on that. But uh, after that other episode, he's, you know, some of the Gary Sarner is misunderstood. You're wrong. I mean, you always say he's an asshole. But he's okay. And his own bizarre way. Firstly, you compare to some of the people he brought in here. I think that's why he brought him in. Ten minutes past ten is five, 60, WQM. If you use a cell phone, you're thinking about getting one. Mobile one has got an offer. You don't want to pass up. Mobile one is offering the new Ererson Digital cell phone, which is slick, or in smaller than the most phones, valued at $199, but it can be yours for free. That's Florida's favorite word free. For a limited time with this mobile one, offer you can afford that cell phone. Even if it's a second phone for the family. Listen to this all in one cell pack. You get for the incredible price of only 99 cents today. You get the free Ererson Digital cell phone. You get unlimited free calling nights and weekend. 30 free monthly peak minutes of calls. Call a RID free Florida roaming free detail billing all of these things for just 99 cents today. Call mobile one today and check it out. Call 1-800 phone M1. That's with a pH. It's only from mobile one and for limited time only. So do it today. Call 1-800 phone M1. It's a green screen. It's a green screen. I told him how to shoot. He really loves the sound of what? No way. That kind of cute. I'm a homeless child. It's not too red. Next with the sound. I'm the internet. I'm a lifetime member of the NRA. That's why I've already seen Guns the Rose kid. Here's some. Oh boy. Quick for my gun. I'll grab that for them. Guns the Rose. 1014 at 560 WQM. Happy Tuesday. We got thank all for showing today to a clock. Wait until you find out who's doing hang show on Thursday, by the way. Do I dare say it on the year now? Do I dare even mention it? Because this is the cheapest asset sound fit. And because I guess they just don't have anybody. It's what it for all the down to. Let me give you a little clue who it's going to be. Okay. Bill's temper. And I said to him, uh, through a bluff lensie this morning when he brought the scheduling. I said, is he what's he going to be doing here? He said he's not. He's going to be doing it on the ISD and again from Philadelphia. So just like the last time you filled in a few months ago, you can call it and make up all kinds of stuff. He won't have any idea what you're talking about because he's up there. He has no idea what's going on in sports or anything else down here. Huh? Oh yeah. I mean, I think that's what we deserve. We got to get a nail for that. Putting that piece of crap on a year from up there in Philly. And when you talk to Bill's in for by the way, and Thursday, ask him, you know, how come he sounds so enthusiastic on a dolphin game because, uh, let's face it. He's a Philadelphia fan and every other sport, which we all know, another carpet bagger. WDQAM. Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, Ricky Martin might be going to fly up. Okay. Ha ha ha. Oh, WDQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Who's a nail? Yes, sir. Okay. Neil. Oh, Ricky Martin. It's a local. What happened, Ricky? Oh, ha ha ha ha ha. I thought he was going to strike through this in the air there. Oh, yeah. Living on V-Day and Law Boko. It's a little bit bitter. It's like a fucking balloon doll. It's like a pill. A criminal in this sport. It's a little bit bloody day in the air. I don't want to say all. It's like a... What? Well, all you guys girls out there. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. How do they... How do they're smorbering calls on the fire, baby? WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir? Ricky Martin is a pizza. What is that? What's a pizza? The bitch? I think Puerto Rican is slang. Yes, it's slang. Oh, don't say it. I must be something because those port of recarons is a P. Start for the P like Penga? No. Give me another clue. Oh, like a F***y is what you're saying. Okay. Oh, well, I would, I mean, that's going a little bit too far, don't you think? No. I'm proud. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Ricky Martin has been called Bandejo. Okay. Thank you. WQAM, hello. We find that got something that these bastards can relate to. Yes, sir. Ricky Martin is a big bull-wrong, and mighty-go-un-to. Okay. Okay, sir. Calm down. Put it away. WQAM. And mighty-go-un. WQAM. Samasa LaPaya, Ricky Tiki. Oh, right. Wow. Man. WQAM. Oh, no! Oh, that was me, the guy from Liquid, they just called again. Now he's all enthused, but I didn't, I never said I'm just asking. This is a poll question. In case you're doing it late, because he's so hot, there are articles about him. Even in newspapers that haven't been printed yet. Ricky Martin, all of a sudden, not a nowhere. He's just, uh, just sprung in a, like, a big goddamn bad surprise. And so I, you know, everybody's got a different adjectives saying the sham, our promotions man who, of course, uh, you know, Andrew Kudan and Junior. He says he's a stud, which I said, oh, yeah. When I think of the word stud, rhymes with pud. And then it's a pretty handsome, cute, beautiful, or mighty kung. So far, we got 15 mighty kung. Yeah, 15 mighty kung. Three pretties. Yeah. And one asshole. And one, uh, he's an asshole. Okay, you got one asshole, 15 mighty kung. Boy, sounds like the beginning of a hot time. Oh, wow. WQAM. Hi. Yes, sir. Good morning. I would like to comment, uh, this, uh, Neil Roggett. Go right ahead, sir. I'm listening. Hello. Uh, Ricky Martin. About Ricky Martin. Yes. Good thing, uh, yes. Good thing. Good time to some and start. Cute, handsome and stunt. All right, there you go. That must have been from a medical one. WQAM, hello. Ricky Martin. Hey, why don't you go? I don't know. What was it? What do you say? It don't even say it. Whatever it was, it must have been much too dirty to translate on here. No, it was great. What's your good, what do you say? He puts the lotion on his ass. Oh, no. I didn't really say that. Say, this right again. It puts the lotion on the back. That was bad. Okay, where we going? This is bad. I mean, you know, he's a hotter than hell. We don't want to pee on his parade or anything else. These got, but I think it's time to bring everything back in a perspective a little bit. Especially with our local writers and these two newspapers, they're just high for ventilating. But if you're doing that hoochie kuchi, maybe it's the music, of course. I think it's a good thing. I think it's a good thing. I think it's a good thing. I think it's a good thing. I think it's a good thing. I think it's a good thing. I don't want to be doing that hoochie kuchi. Maybe it's the music, of course. Because that's really what it is. It's like they got to call yesterday. Oh, he's like a cross between Elvis and Tom Joe. No, no. No. No. No. No. No. Come on. Here we go. Anyplace and a little off to you. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. What kind of an album is he's got? The Spanish version and the English version and the Spanish version. Is this something familiar with the album? Before. When you've got a little bit of the amount of material I guess you can put in a kind of Cramp-out you want. Okay, here's Ricky's making some look up a wife. Who's learning this? Of course. What was the role of the Trump guy? The word is great. See if he could sing it would be different but he can't sing a lick. That's the problem. He's okay. Never still afraid. He's a good guy. I wish him nothing but the greatest success. Who did you QAM? Hello. Hi, I'm Mobile Miami. Yes, sir. Speaking. Hi, ugly. I think we're wanting to know Wayne with those creative faces. Okay. When you can, he says he's got a crater plus. WQAM. Hello. Who are you? WQAM. Yes, sir. You're speaking. You're Ricky Martin's so moboted ghoulos. Did he say something about that? Back home. Don't say that, sir. That's bad. But if that's what you want to say, go right ahead. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. Thank you. WQAM. Yes, that's the option called Ricky Martin. What do you say? Not again. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You seem the obsession that the Puerto Rican has with the final little fraud call a cookie. What is this? A cookie is a kind of little fraud that's only indigenous to Puerto Rican. Yeah. And that's what Ricky Martin sounds like. Tiny little fraud. A little fraud. So Ricky Martin is a cookie, medical sum. WQAM. Yes, sir. I want to speak to Neil. Speaking. Oh, this is Neil. This is me. I'm picking up cold. Oh, great. You didn't get this one. Yeah. Ricky Martin. Marica. Fory. Why? Okay. What does that mean? Don't say it. WQAM. I'm getting goosebumps from this. Listen, the pain go, lo, car. Oh, no. Who's here? Why is it just a tough goal? I ain't here there. I'm not here. He wants to go right to the top. He wants to go right to the top. I don't think I'm going to be able to find him. I want to go right to the top. Oh. I don't think he's going to be able to find him. Who's here? I don't think I'm going to find him. Let's go. Welcome. I don't think I'm going to find him. All right, Kanta. Okay. Let's do a few more of these. Then we'll get in doing a real show here. Okay. Good way to kill half-hour. Getting a lot of a. We're finally getting some passion out of the audience. I'm always bitching about the fact that there's no passion. They got passion for Ricky Martin. No question about it. Here we call his more passionate than the previous one. But it's QAM. Ricky. Ricky. W. W. W. Q. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy Tuesday, too. Happy Tuesday. Well, Ricky Martin is a pretty cute mighty gun. Okay. W. Q. A. And hello, that's half-and-half there. Q. A. He's a mirror-con. Ha ha ha ha. Well, there's the angle crowd sound again. He's one mighty con. That's bad. We don't believe any of this Ricky. Okay. Don't buy into this. Okay. This is just the audience. They're all skeptical. They're all jealous just because you're whatever. Whatever you are. W. Q. A. And hello. Hello. Yes, man. A lady. Yes. More important than we can watch, Neil. Did you check out the new batch of boys video? Can I check it out? Yes. I was the first one to play the record in the history of the United States. This is video. Did you see the video? Yes. It's number one on MTV. Like that. By the way, that young lady in Gainesville, that goes to U of F. Yeah. That called me last week and was told me that I haven't been talking to the guy in the middle of the day. I said, just a matter of a couple of days in a batch of boys will blow them away. So every other sector will want to blow them. You're number one until the request. I want MTV. I saw it. You're fabulous. That's right. Now here's a lady with some taste. Yes. And Ricky Martin is really cute. But he can't sing a lick. There you go. Thank you. And have to... What is that? Well, that's the wrong seat. That's wrong. This is the... Get out of here. And Ricky, stop trying to muscle in on this. I asked the Sam about in Ricky, who's a tight friend as he said, stood. In fact, no matter who he asked, he asked Sam the Sam. He said, stood. I asked him about our program to write his stood. Yoli, stood. The nephew, Chris, said, Rick, stood. WQAM. So Neo? Yes, sir. Ricky Martin, he's a local, he's a good-looking and a little bit. And now, I'm... I think it's time to take a break right now. I've got to put in the muddy cone column. Oh, God. I'm telling you, see if you just stick it a language man, and all of a sudden you get these people out of the closet, so to speak. You get them off their dead ass. So to backseat boys in number one, an MTV. Okay, now don't start picking on them, all right? Because we're not too sure about some of them. One, I'm pretty sure, but I'm very sure. Anyway, 26 petalists. I'm so sure. I'm so sure. Anyway, 26 petalists. What do you laugh about? Okay, don't start picking on Nick for... Hey, everybody, you look at that. There's some kind of beeper store. Beeper this, beeper that, beeper your... Correct, I'm not sure, right? But there's only one beeper store that guarantees you the lowest price. And that, of course, is good old beeper mania. You've got to get into one of Albert's 36 locations with six of them now in Broward, and check out the latest deals on the beeper of your choice. Like, how about three connection in what you're a service for only 12 bucks? Or if you don't already own a beeper, get a new page, you're an one year service for only 59.99. Beeper mania will not be at the so they got all types of models. Colors, be safe keep an eye on your family friends or business with beeper mania. 36 locations, 59.99 for a new page over the year service, or 12 bucks per 12 months with your own beeper. All prices require tax and last month. These are unbeatable prices anywhere. So call beeper mania now. And date call 305, 387, 11. 387, 11. And Broward call 9.54, 4.383333. 4333, 3333, be sure and tell them that Neil told you to call beeper mania. So deal Roger show on 560, WQAM my Emmy Fort Lauderdale. One man, along with a boy of Paracama tonight, the historical channel presents, oh, that you didn't know with Jack Birkin. William Damarrest, he played Uncle Charlie in the television classic, my free job. But I'll bet you didn't know Uncle Charlie was gay. Hey, I bad enough for you fellas looking up my apron. Are you boys get out of my kitchen? Uncle Charlie, don't you think it'd be a little hot? Come on, please. You know they want to play with my magic room. I'm so good on golf or no one. By back in Singapore, I had all the smooth boys. Ah, stems were the days when Ned went mad and I had them too. I'm in the yard of I'd down Uncle Charlie. Get out of here, Steve, you're a beggar. You know you want to. Why else would I be in your house? I don't know what this is. I was writing over that gold man surrounded by boys alone all day. I'm going this tonight. Let me just start our cool channel for a look at William Damarrest. On how bad you didn't know. It's 1031 at 5.50. You come to Boko since we've been a fact about a place. Sam Ash, Ash in Margay for the Yosini and the VBD burn. That's where he got his next worry about for him. Right. Well, I need one this week. I mean, Emeney is not sure by tomorrow at the very latest. They need to find out how much they are and what they do and what they're all about. Yeah, this is a very important sample. Don't throw that away. What? I'm not going to throw it away. I got it right here right in my hand. And the FX2. 560560, Pond 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Oh, how you can one in here? Yes, man. I don't particularly care about this. This flat song or whatever. Or a go-go girl. Like I thought. Yeah. A couple years ago, a Spanish CD. It's called Well-Welver. And it has really, really nice songs. It happened that that CD was that song within one of the novella's a couple of years ago. Right. And it's a beautiful, beautiful song that he did. Going back two weeks ago to the train. Remember your train experience? Yes. Two thousand men last year. Yes. And that took a train ride, but six hours from the city to one of the beach towns. And guess what? I couldn't go because I looked down and I saw actually. The dating hole. Yes. And it was just, oh my god. Yeah. I just couldn't believe it. So it's, I think it's all over the world. It is all the world. Even for number two, there was no running water. You just. Oh. Nothing. God. She. I'm just thinking about that right now. I'm just thinking about the, oh, I don't want to thank God. Nobody did that before I took a leak in there on that train in Germany. Absolutely in and closing. Yes. Go Panthers. Okay. I'll speak to that. I'm so glad she mentioned that. I got my letter. And I'm sure a lot of you did two. You see, in all 10 of you. Well, listen to this show. The year near on behalf of the entire Florida Panthers organization. I would like to take this opportunity to thank you again for your supports about the past season. With the addition of the Russian rocket, pop elbow array and the continuing development of our young players, the youngsters in the organization, such as Oleg Kovashia, Mark Perish and Radek, the Borac. We anticipate a bright future for our franchise. Right. And it goes on about the National Car. And yet, this set in the Select to seat process, select a. Correct. On process. And if you desire to relay, they want to find out basically this in a little survey card. If you like the CT about now, or you want to relocate, and they also warn you by the way that you better send in your 15% to 20% deposit by June 15th and full payment due in the later August. First, I'll be sure until Greg read. But anyway, so they have this Select to seat thing and made. The Let's You pick out new assignments on whatever other seats might be available. But unfortunately, and I'm stopping together. So, okay, this is day to day to day to day. They got the right address. It's not forwarded. So I get it on the tent and it says, please return your renewal and changing card no later than May 14th. Something that they get to you on the tent, but please be sure in the return by the 14th, which minus already in the mail. But I mean, is that a little bit of a short turnaround? Uh-huh. Is there, but is there any survey on the elective seats or not? And you like those new higher prices? Oh, but are a little bit higher than they were before? But is there anything in here about any questionnaire on the arena? I mean, you like you like the comfort in your seats? You like the effect that you can't see the red light. There are a million different things that could be asking is the parking okay? And is there any survey in here about any of these things? No, no. And you want to know why they don't care. Like I've been telling you, they don't care. All they want to know is, do you want to renew or we got these other seats that maybe you want to take because we want your money? But give us the money, okay? Give us the money. It's going to be great. The youngsters in your organization and pop else need it will be great. And that's it. Give us the money. And if that isn't exciting enough, now the story is that Wayne is going to be building a, and not just what we need it, another fashion mall right across from the songwriting. And the songwriting people are pretending to be all bent out of shape about it and they're threatening the sue and getting together with the patsoller. No one always loom and takes and sunrise, etc. and so on. Just what we need another guy, damn much shopping center, right? And sunrise? Yeah, there you go. More strip shopping malls, more wall greens, more records, more than these, more, what else we need? We need more computer stores, right there on that, what's turning into, you know, used to be, I'm not complaining. I like the fact there's a lot of convenience stuff out there by me out in the acres. But it's getting to be just a little bit much, isn't it? Don't you think just a little bit, there isn't one inch by the end of this year. There won't be one inch of property out there all the way to 75, all the way to the guy that ever glades that isn't going to be commercialized with some kind of crap. Here's a mobile and market, hello. Hi, Neil. I work at Sam Mash and Margate and I understand you're looking for a deep player. Yes, sir. Do you need one that works for the computer or just one that you normally plug in to sound to your thing in the radio station? Well, not to the radio station, this is for at home. Okay, you say, with the, with the, works with a computer? Well, you can get, they have city burners, as you can, the work with the computer. So for example, if you have a record and you want to convert into cities, you can do that. And they also have standalone ones, they're about $500. Yeah. They're made by Philips, we have them in stock and, and I, you know, we have people like care of you. Oh, I don't, who said I want to computer one? That's stuff, I'll bless that. I don't want to computer one. Okay, so I don't want to computer one. I want the other one. Yeah, we haven't been stocked. It's like I said they're made by Philips. They're about $500. Well, listen, could you hold one for me? And I'll give them like, both of your, both of your brain comes into the sea all the time, right? Yeah. So I'm a guy that met you when I, you're at Rick's Chris, when you're remembering his wife and, uh, I can't go to the front of Dave Ryder. Oh, yeah, right. I was buying a Rimmer and his wife dinner that night. Yeah. Uh-huh. But, um, I'm sure I must have been. Okay, well, listen, would you do that and hold one and I'll have Boca come in there and I'll give them a check or cash or something? No problem. Like there. Okay, thank you, sir. My pleasure. God bless you. Okay, there you go. That's your care of that. You see when you got the power. When it's out, burn them up. In fact, maybe he's got the one I should ask them both the DVD one. Because then you can get with all your video tapes, right? And I write about that. You convert everything to DVD. And then you, uh, stick it in your DVDs. That sounds pretty good. The may see it's just so fast. Everything that you buy is becoming obsolete. Like, yeah, you know, anybody wants to go out and buy a mixed screen TV right now. And then they find out that HDDV is coming someday, but not for a long time. So if you got about 8 or 10 grand, I mean, you for 5 grand, you can buy an HDTV, but that's without all the other stuff that goes along with it. I think for a good one, it's like about 10 grand. That's wrong with that. You can have, like, you, how can a guy like you that's got, huh? Bonus money coming. Got that $200 from play the month finally after weeks and weeks and months of waiting. How can a guy like you be laughing when I'm talking about going up and spending a measly 10 grand to get something nice like that for your family? Look at that. You have any car payments? No. No. That's not for that. One more. So what's Crystal Grive? The, uh, the car that I am, I can pay the sun. Oh, well, I guess you're not getting that damn, uh, how about just to stand along on there for 500 bucks? You could afford that? Yeah, probably. But I want to get the DVD one also. He might have just been talking about the audio. Yeah. Not that you couldn't swing it, uh, I could swing it. Well, I'm not swinging it both ways. 21 before 11 at 560 WQM, I'll guarantee you that. Hey, if you're feeling lucky speaking of that or you just want to go have a good time and otherwise very boring town, head for Hollywood Seminal Gaming any time to mood structure because that's where the big money is. So you Hollywood Seminal Gaming's 550 gaming machines like Lucky Jim's Progressive Gold and lots more. They got those big six figure jackbox waiting for you. They got 48 run the clock poker tables featuring all the great card games ever invented. Omaha, Highlow, Texas, Holdham, seven cards, stud, their weekly tournaments too. Four daily sessions of high stakes, bingo. 1145 in the morning, 375, N10, 30 at night. And for those of you who like it, quick and hard score and intense lightning, bingo, always get you pissed off and fired up to. It's all in one place on a good seminal gaming on a corner of 441 and sterly road open 24 hours a day, seven days a week even on your voice. Chavuz and it's just a couple of minutes west of Inaid, if five centimeter more yards easy to get there, lots and lots and lots and lots. I mean acres of pre-parking or valley parking if you prefer. If you're looking for the big jackpot, a little bit of excitement in your life, any time in the woods tracks you head over to Hollywood Seminal Gaming voted the best place to gamble in town for the fourth year in a row by prestigious city length magazine. 25. I listen to the aridges because I can hear the word asshole. Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word f*** out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F. Because the only word that is referred to as the F word. It's the one magical word. Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love. As most words in the English language is derived from German, the word fricken which means to strike. In English f*** falls into many grammatical categories. As a transit of verb, for instance, John f***ed Shirley. Its meaning is not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective such as, John's doing all the f***ing work. As part of an adverb, Shirley talks to f***ing much. As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, Shirley is f***ing beautiful. As a noun, I don't give a f***ing. As part of a word, absolutely f***ing, and as almost every word in a sentence, f***ing f***ing f***ing. As you must realize there aren't too many words with the versatility of f***ing. As in these examples describing situations such as, fraud, I got f***ed that they used carolot. This may, oh f***ing. Trouble. I guess I'm really f***ing now. The aggression, so don't f***ing with me, buddy. This missile, why don't you go outside and play hide and go f***ing yourself? I'm sure you can think of many more examples. We'll say it loudly and proudly f***ing you. Please don't take the effort. Okay, 1045, I like the way that ends, like real, real, f***ing a broff. 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. Here's my any, hello. Hey, new. Yes sir. First time call it a phone, make you short three and two to a point. Okay. Does that lead to the guy in time, I'm not a couple of these kids. Really, Mark? Oh, what happened to him? What was it? Ricky Martin was a pretty mighty comb and he's awful and asshole. Okay, thank you. Sounds like the voice of experience to me. 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. See these panted people, maybe they didn't get their letters yet. Maybe they'll get their letters about the 15th, and they after the expiration date, they're supposed to send in your card. But what you're real happy with your seats? How come they don't ask, how come there's no survey? I mean, after one year in his new place and all the money they're charging and goosing the rates up a little bit, how come they're not asking anything else? If they really cared, wouldn't they ask, wouldn't there be a, like a thing on the question there, they're like, comment something, wouldn't there be something on there? Yes? Is there? No. No. Because they just don't give a crap. Just keep giving us the money and maybe you'll be able to see the goal light, maybe not, maybe your seats will be a little bit, although they won't. They'll be exactly the same as before, maybe different locations. Maybe some of you who get stuck in the quarters up there, you 400 pound cows that are sitting in those little baby seats, maybe you'll be there on the pick your seat day and pick something better. Something a little bit wider for your fat ass. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, man. I mean, I just wanted to let you know that the back street boys are going to be on Saturday and I've lived this Saturday. Oh my god, they're everywhere. Yeah, they're great. They are. They're making Martin blows. Okay. Oh, now we get a bit of a jam with that a little bit more in depth. What you meant by that, but I think she just went in the generic sense. And she, oh, oh, we don't have a column for that. Well, let's add that to the list. Okay, Ricky Martin is pretty handsome, cute, beautiful, a stud, mighty cone or Ricky Martin blows. Oh, me? Dad. What was that? What just happened there? Did you hear that? It just started spontaneously. What was that? That was the most bizarre thing I ever heard in my, that was just a... I don't get it. Shit. What? Now, I won't be starting to tell me we're going to do a thing on Nick Carter on here tomorrow. Please. You love it. Because that's the... I've got something over the layout, wasn't I? That's over the line, what it is, okay? I don't think that's the line. Yeah. I think that's the line. That's the line. When I say... Number one on MTV, baby. I won't be that way. Just like I told you, that's right. Okay, that's coming. Five, six, seven. Yeah, we're getting real music intensive and it's all because of that Brittany Spears. All these guys out there, including George, he's got his rolling stone. Well, you got your rolling stone. I got mine, baby. And I guarantee it. What's on yours? It looks a lot better than what's on mine. Yeah, Carlos, because I made the bad mistake yesterday, asking about sugar rate. It goes to show you on television from a distance. They can make anybody look really, really beautiful, cute, pretty, muddy comb. Whatever they want to make a look like, all will be above. Because sugar rate, which is guy's name, is Mark McGrath, the lead singer, which I thought that was his name, but what do I know? You know, an old fart like me. Although I would tell you, if you... From now on, I'm watching only hockey games at MTV. That's all I'm watching on my TV set. What? That's all you need. That's all I need. I mean, I don't need celebrity death watch. I can watch the hockey games for all the violence. But, and then, of course, road rules. I mean, they just keep showing it. How long does that go on? This is the longest eight weeks that any kids ever spend together. No, one of the guys are crying all the time, you know? And what is that? The guys on there, there's a lot of crying on that show. But it's always the guys who are crying. It's always been an Abe. Because the girls aren't putting out. Is that what it is? Or maybe because the guys aren't putting out. Maybe that's what it is. I don't know what that's. So I know Abe's always got that little dog. He's always got that little thing in his arms. I do like Abe. I will confess to that. Anybody seen road rules? No. An MTV, which they keep showing over it. But he cries too much. I'm not into guys that cry a lot, you know? But anyway, so here's Mark McGrath on the cover of the March issue of rolling still in March 18 that Carlos brought in here before. Carlos is big, heavy duty in the sugar rate. He's the expert in what? What's wrong with that? And then come to find out. Here's Mark McGrath on the cover of this with his shirt off with his pants almost down to his knees with his food and a loom show and true. But you gotta do that. If you're gonna be able to kids today, you gotta wear your pantalones down around your knees. You gotta all these grotesque. Well, isn't that repetitious grotesque tattoo? He's got, I mean, they're all grotesque. I'm just not tur-t tattoos to me. I want the world's greatest turn-offs. Oh, I want a puke. Well, I see, so especially somebody that looks good, which leaves this guy out. But somebody that looks good with tattoos. Like you see, like wouldn't it break your heart if you find out that Brittany Spears had a tattoo on each one of her. That would be, you know, maybe you honor. I don't mind the artsy, artsy tattoos. But like the stripper little like on the ankles are like, I mean, I mean, that's much Yeah, like AJ in the Abastory Boys. I mean, you can really sing by the way. You'll hear this one thing about their new video. Everybody's one of the five guys gets like his own solo, even how it gets like five words. But anyway, so in here, I'm open to the thing up. This is the March 18th issue. I'm serious. This picture here is so gross. I'm thinking of myself. I actually thought I'm watching that video on TV that this guy was like any of the categories I meant, I mean, he is just the, whoo, get that out of here fast. Thanks Carlos, but they're all yours. Here's Kendall, hello. Yeah, I'm Leo. Yes sir. If I learned one thing today, you've always been saying I never believed you. What was that? Twenty million Cuban-Oge Mallory Outer Space Listened Show. Oh yeah, they're all out. I don't get any stuff that they can relate to. Okay, but today I would touch the wrong nerve. Yeah, but they listen to you. Yes, they do. They want the call. They're just right about that. They're out there. God, plus. I didn't know that. Hey, Uncle Neocash, you want me to go to do his mentioned, Maddy Conan, the phones were up there. Okay, you think they're my old bush. I can't, she won't pay where. Yes sir. Please do not play. Do not play that. My name is Morgan and Warman. That thing was this ponders after the first time. It is. It's bad. Oh, I think that's number one with two bullets. Oh, that's right. Well, we'll pull the audience on that sir. Hi, we'll share. Okay, I never great thing. We're going to pull the audience. Well, I'll pick and choose. You know, I'm selective. A little bit very picky. Five, six, seven, how can an old bag like you be picky? Well, wouldn't you like to know five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, five, five, sixty, on the mobile one line. See, they just, you know, you got to learn about all these things. I mean, I got to picky my seats out there at the macarina. Before they realized that I turned on them like a rat. Well, they deserve to be turned on. If they would have treated this right and done the right stuff last year, I wouldn't have turned on them. I didn't really turn. I just told it like it was and they didn't like that. They thought they could buy my silence with good seats and some silly panther jersey, whatever the hell I was. Doesn't work, guys. Okay. I'm there to support the team. But let's put a team out there on the ice next year and stop talking to try to talk about the youngsters in the organization. Boy, talk about a stuck record. So what do we find out about the DVD CD? What do we find out? Anything more? You got to get to call me back when you get surprised to say that you spoke right. When you get to price on the prices no audio and video. You're lucky to be able to. You're lucky to be able to. You're lucky to be able to order the DVD one. Oh, they do how long second it takes. I don't know. That's why he's going to call. Well, that could take an off a long time. I could start with the other one. What do you laugh about? I want it now. Don't you understand? I want that now. I want to be able to burn my own CDs. When I mean when kid carries it and not only that, now where I know, the blanks, all this like RT, this is a goal. I mean, that just looks so good. It's like to set, you know, you can get cheap. You can get fancy. Well, this is fancy. You course, power 96, they can afford to. They can afford fancy. Because they don't pay anybody over there. See, they don't need to pay. She's making all that money with a second crap with that. Tony, psychic garbage. He's peddling. Nice going, she's well. Man, she is everywhere. I'm, you know, something even on TV. I don't even know if she's aware of it. Even an omg to them. All over the world. You go to Toronto. She's on the thing there. They got those a psychic hotline. Everywhere, and on Sunday morning here, in between the religious stuff and the diet and commercials, they're a show-gryph and do an at-sukic hotline crap for all these the suckers out there. Where she's missing the boat yet. I don't think she's on the 23 and 51 yet. Because we know how they fall for how your people fall for that crap. In between the, they could squeeze her in between the magnetic bracelets and the, the, uh, phony dentists. Huh? Yeah. Thank God. We have no Julio's in his town at fall for quackery. Thank God for that. Here's a mobile and open park. Yeah. Yes, sir. Okay. Come back line eight screwed up again. Not his fault. It's our foot set line eight again. I'm not going to get upset about it. I mean, we'll never get to phone straight now the way they're supposed to because again, Greg Reed lied to us. We're going to get a new phone system when we moved up here on the third floor. We were going to get there. It's got a, I don't care. I got my bonus check yesterday in my paycheck. They're doing a real good job on that stuff now. By the way, you know, Hank has got a point. I, you know, months ago I was a little bit skeptical. I thought Hank was maybe suck it up a little bit, but you know, something they pay some of us a lot of money and they, you know, after you What if I'm going to shape the actually pay on time after it's written if you want suits and over and above that, what difference doesn't make you know, So this guy that we just had a word disconnect there on line eight. Maybe he had something good to say, maybe not all that great. What difference does it make? Does it make a difference? No, I still get paid either way. You got to adopt a whole different attitude. Maybe you can't let these people tear your guts out your kishkis. So, we let's take a pull on Greg Reed, okay? He's an asshole. Okay, means well, but he's just a chloper, you know. Still got that red bulbous nose. He's still walking around sick all the time. He got works in the serious ways, you know, Greg? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good afternoon. Good evening sir. I really think we think. Two things. I'm not a sports fan at all, but. Good. Am I wrong or great Whitney is still a fanter? Okay. Now, did they really make a mistake in there? Because I was thinking about that last. Oh, and isn't it interesting? I mean, it's very sad, you know, but this, the Steve Chase on was drunk. He was a blitz dot of his mind. He had three times the legal limit when he got killed in the car. It was Ray Sheppard the former or panther who was his best friend by the way. Who was one of the Paul Barry's. I thought I saw it. And evidently, they put former panther Ray with me. I'm a catch. Because somebody called about the yesterday. So, once again, the hero doesn't know they're asked when they're elbow. They put Ray with me and there couldn't have been there anyway. They were just playing in those world championships for Canada. And they don't know what they're talking about. Are we surprised? No. Okay. The other thing. Ricky Martin? Yes. He's the only ninja. Okay. I still a way to go. Mama Ron. I like the way to go. I'm not sure which one I like better. Boogaron or I think Mama Ron. I like better. I like the sound. I'm just saying it. It gets you like sexually a Mama Ron. Oh, I got a quiver in my back. I'm saying it. Yeah, you know, we don't want to let Ricky off the hook too easy. Okay. It's a word. Glad for a success or I mean, I don't really care one way or the other. Be honest with it. But enough is enough already with this bull crab. Even Joe Costello said he's, uh, things Ricky Martin's hot. Well, we left that word off the list by the way. Okay. Hot and I said he if it weren't for those feet. He might consider a swishing switching. He said he likes Jeff Gordon's feet a lot better. What he said. Hot, pretty handsome, cute, beautiful stud or mighty cone. Look how close. Mama, what? What that's right in blows. All right. Let me put that under too. Ricky Martin blows. He ain't no back speed boys. I'll tell you that. Oh, come on. Will you stop? Will you grow up all the way? Got the incentive for professional queen. God. Aren't you embarrassed by this? You know, even you like this record. You want to know. Fine. Not as bad as the other one. Oh, thank you. That's what's that. That's a compliment from George. Okay. That's he's really going out on the limb. Yeah, the writers that they got are better than the other guy. Yeah. All of a sudden. That's the 98 degrees. Thank God. I was able to still find that thing. And the CD2. It's 1057 at 560 WQM. Hey, today is Tuesday. What that means that a next cigar is it means it's extra savings they for you. You always save a lot of money on great premium cigars in this because I can have been telling you for about 100 years there, the manufacturer. So they sell you a factory direct pricing. You don't pay an arm on a leg for great cigars. If you want to go into this, bet all your ass out of me. I'm cohebos and money. Christos and LaGloria Cubana. Those are good cigars, but the question I'm going to let you. If you want cigars that are just as good or even better according to the experts, then head on down the next and every Tuesday and Wednesday, go down there and mention you around your center and then I can extra 10% off on everything you buy. Plus, they also have special premium cigars that only a buck of pop. So today is an extra good day to take off from work. Head on down to next cigars. You'll find that it's 71 11 West Flagler. Just put your feedback pop out of those good ones in your post. And you'll know what life is really all about. Next cigar is man. We're smoking perfection as a cheet. Once a guard at a time. Stick something on in your post. Get your sticks at me. This is a new TVM. My family is going on day. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. Well, so good. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. Your. How cute. Your like-good little sneakers. That's a little sound that comes right out. You think that the movie? Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do. Get paid for right little songs about Google. My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on. But I can't figure out which device through what I'm going to fart on. And Dr. Dreas. You'll make your best to. I'm not. What do I smell at? I smell you look wet. Well, since age 12 it seems like I always smell. I thought ripping gases and juice was pretty swear. I got this off when I took my jeans off and bought it so hard. It's your my luck with backwards. Like Chris Crock. And every night I'm like, oh, dinner's bad. Then bought up my ass. Passed it a fat day to a shoe fat. Smells it's honey. You'll just wait and miss my girl. I don't give a fuck. God said me to take the world up. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. I just see to want to make kick out back and jewelry high. The second problem was something. Proved up my ass and die. I shot him in the face with my vapor. The worst happened later when I covered his desk with use toilet paper. Walk in his dress club. My desk was fulfilled. I moved the bartending took a dump in a tip. I went over to a dancer, had a fucking agar. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father. The night and night sent him my life. I was lied to. I just fell down my mom got home and I didn't know. I told her I'd throw up to be a famous rapper. They corrected about her and he knew he was made on the crap. You know you would dirt when the women were to leave. You'd rather hold her back but you'd let me in relief. This guy and white cat fool said it was pretty cool. But I had to go. Go drop the kids off and move. My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... I thought they were leaving them. Never thought they were leaving them. On the side list. OK. I love them. Let's number one with Pro-Bullet's baby. 11.04 or 5.60 WQA. So, somebody facts me the latest about this father or tool guy. The old news is that the this Carrie Fitzgerald, the woman in four-laternal, became involved in the sexual relationship with this clergyman who was counseling her for alcohol abuse, settled her case against the church for 250 grand Carrie Fitzgerald. And the Reverend Connie Sostrum was the ename of the Negratasticide Inc. Even Connie Mack, the Dregs. At any rate, the brawler jury would be the pair 250 grand now. It says Fitzgerald began meeting with Sostrum in 1992 to work through the 12 stop alcohol recovery program. The counseling sessions led the passion of kissing and groping that came close to but stopped before actual intercourse according to Fitzgerald. In June 1993, Sostrum told her that he would no longer be able to counsel her after a passionate session during which he refused to have intercourse with him Fitzgerald testified. A year later, Fitzgerald told church administrators and Sostrum was forced to resign. Guess what? Here's the good news. Sostrum is 70 now, as a priest at St. Francis Independent Catholic Church in Danyabeech. So he'll find something good over there, no doubt. Oh, boy. Just like yesterday, you know why they won't respond to that 60 minutes thing because they have nothing to say. What are they going to say? You know? They're just embarrassed and humiliated and degraded and they have no response and then they keep going and putting the wafer in their mouth and putting the money in a plate and they can't help it. Here's Hylie. Here's my video guy. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. You know how to go into her? Great. You're interested in following a DVD on your computer or a DVD in your home? In my home. Okay, I'm a TV and a CDR on a computer. Hello? Oh, what? A CD recorder, a CD re-writerable? You're a series of sitting putty inside your computer? No. Just on the TV, separate. Okay, but the CD, burner, you want to run with the computer, you want to run it as a separate unit. Separate? Okay, yeah, I got those. But what about the DVD? The DVD is just separately. You can pick that up at any store. There's no really important. The DVD recorder? No, DVD ram is a different unit which lets you record DVDs. It's pretty expensive. Okay, I don't want it. No, I want to hear about it as the CD brun. That's all I care about. Yeah, the burner is usually the most important thing because DVDs really are just have movies and basically it. CDs have the wider utility, multimedia, audio and all those things. And how much are they? For the CD rooms that are installed inside a computer, the price would be $2.29. Yeah, that's not the one I want though. Okay, the one that's run separate means is about $7.80. Yeah. Run separately and you put one CD on the top, you put one CD on the bottom and you put one CD on the bottom and you put one and then both. Okay, hang on a second and then give it to your number or something. Okay, hold on. Okay, take his number but I think you know. Well, we'll see you know, we'll check it out. We'll compare in the mixing match. I'll have something in my hands by tomorrow and maybe one of these two. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, I am. Yeah, Ricky Martin is a Marty Cohen. Okay, thank you. A little bit later. A little bit late, a little bit terminal pondress. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, you were talking yesterday about Jenny Jones show the thing on and day land in day nine. In day land? No, day and day land. Oh, my god. Oh, no. You were said that that the the two guys we had set together. How cool. How did I know? No, you have the message in a jar or something. This is a typical baggage city booths with a lot of people. No, it's not a baggage city mentality. Sir, the fact is it's that the one who is surviving admitted that they did have sex and friends of the two would sit at before even. No, nothing. No, nothing. Yeah, he really didn't. Yeah, he did. Okay, you're just a jackass. Just another loud mouth asshole. And wants to make a lot of noise. But that, that, that, that, that, that, that don't know what's as from his elbow. It's part, that's right. It's part of the homosexual conspiracy. The agenda. I forgot about that. We just make it up as we go along. And by the way, anybody that couldn't tell is one that did the asshooting anybody that couldn't tell that he's pretty than an upcake needs glasses real fast. Okay. I mean, let's get serious. Which now he admits by the way that he's gay. Now all of a sudden what tells his name. I don't even know the names of the two of them. Scott, I'm a door is one of them. Yeah, I can't, I can't figure which from which because quite frankly, they both, you know. Yeah, I just made it up. Sir, everybody's a fag. Just like Tolly Young girls out there. Everybody is head of a sexual, right? You know what I'm saying? I think you do. Nine minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQM. If you need new appliances, or I'll try to, if you're coming in, you'll all of keep saying, No. Get into one of appliance TVD posts through locations and see how astonishing low the prices are on everything you want. All of a sudden you will all do a big turn around on you and say, and say, yeah, like I said, thank God. At appliance TVD code, the selection is humongous. Whatever you need, a refrigerator or washer, a dryer, a big screen TV, a VCR, cancorder or satellite dish. It's all their waiting for it. Apply on TVD code. The sales staff is friendly. They know their stuff and deliveries always the next day after you make your purchase and hassle free too. Three stores waiting to serve you and date counting appliance TVD boys in the Miami Lake, Syria at the Palmetto of 57th Avenue. There are coral gables at 35.90 coral away. And it can't be on US one north of the fall. The price is always right when you do this marting and shop at appliance TVD code. Don't forget for more sales. Check out this weekend's ads in the Miami Herald. This is 5.60. You way out. This is a long time. Tonight on Fox. If the... I thought, oh, sure. I wouldn't mind walking up the escalator, but I can't seem to squeeze by Miss Fan at the head of media. The man that says what all of America is thinking. So you don't understand English, huh? Well, then you won't understand it when I say this. You're... you're... whether it work home or even the mom. The asshole will make you proud of the animerate. Yeah, and Linda, after the funeral, wanted to swing by your mom's old house and see if you can find her handy cat parking plate. I think that would really come in handy for me. Hi, boy. Tonight, when he feels like coming on. That really is an asshole thing to do. And that's really good. Okay, I love to 13 at 5.60. You can speak in an assholes by the way. Great letter to the editor in the... What... this is a sensational, I think, yes it is. The heading says the Great Buddy Neven's Nozall and Seasall. Of course, we know about Buddy Neven. He's an asshole, miserable little piece of crap. Vincent Bochichio of Margade, right? Who is Buddy Neven's? Using letters to the editor as a measure, all the fine people writing opinion columns in the sensational. Get their fair share of responses from the public. Why is Tor Buddy Neven's ignored? Maybe he needs to rethink his idea of what readers believe it does to be newsworthy. Here are a few examples of what he considers news. Inerum's School Superintendent Dorothy Orr reminds school employees of Drest standards. And Evens conclusion is some employees dressed like Slob's. School board chair and he's a good one to be connably a Slob, by the way. School board chairperson, lowest-wexler, attends a rally for citizens concerned about our children, where running for reelection. Neven's comes to the conclusion. Wexler supports this group and therefore she changed her mind and helped block this organization from participating and selecting the next superintendent. His next controller conclusion is school employees are showing state legislatures photos and deteriorating schools, so therefore they support the organization. Either Neven's has supernatural powers to look into people's mind or he's playing with less than a full deck. Yeah! It really doesn't matter. He's a good for a laugh either way since Vincent Bochichio and Margade. And that's gone, Vincent. Because Buddy Neven's, he's an asshole. Yeah. And even that new grubby picture that got he still looks like grubby. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I got a question Ricky Martin sucks, but does he swallow? Okay, here's a Miami Lake, hello. Miami Lake. We must be on. What is that? We're on hold at St. Anshar. You talking to them online? What is that all about? No. Okay. Well, whatever that was. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in the, where's that Santa Bell? Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I was flipping channels last night in between periods trying to find out, Ricky Martin on TV, there are the MTV videos. And what the other girl, Brittany? Brittany. I'll tell you, all I found was some guy walking down outside of the building and a couple other videos of money in a time they put an video as amazing. Yeah. And of course it is because that's where all the music sales comes from. And I have that flip out a BH1 and they had this thing on rock and roll. And I mean, it was hilarious that Eisenhower saying the kids are being brainwashed and that's it's ruining the nation. And then they showed dress codes, what they recommend and what the kids were married. Well, that's America for you. They're uptight in the psychotic. Yeah, that's the American way. And I mean, the tell you was unbelievable. It's like even draft of what it was going to lead to, be unbelievable. But I'll tell you, music videos, I was at Center of Religious, you know, over there in Kativa. Yeah. And there was a lady she had MTV on and she was looking for Ricky Martin. She said because Neil Rogers said he's good looking. Now he's the best. Anyway, I want to say hello today. And that's me, sir. Have a great day. All right. Think one where we left out of there. How about lovely? What's wrong with that? Don't you think Ricky Martin is lovely? Yeah. Yeah. There you go. What's wrong with being lovely? So I think that's a very legitimate question. I got the course you guys out there. It's too embarrassing. I mean, if somebody, for you, and of course, that obviously depends on who they are, right? I mean, if some guys is that you're beautiful and another guy's going to like probably smash them in the mouth, you know? Would that be a bad thing to say to say that the so-and-so is beautiful? Like let me think of somebody I could, huh? Who can I put in that category? Like Lorenzo Llamis. I mean, this is of course was back a few years before we got all the lovely Lorenzo Llamis. He was a beautiful guy. Tantam, cute, stud, right? Pretty, pretty. That's got to be the, that's got to be the one that hurts the most, huh? Like in Ricky, in Ricky is pretty. Good. That's what Sam said. I said, what were they? He said, stud for Ricky, Marnes, what about your buddy and Mickey? Pretty. Good. Now was there a comma in between? Oh, oh. 560, 5050, 5050 on the 18th and the T-warless line. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? Great. The city partners are great. And I would recommend getting the four speeds instead of the double speed, because it's obviously twice as fast when you record. Good thing is not only audio CDs, you can record software, so many of the CDs that they're using their computer. You can record on that. Yeah. Now there's a way to beat the system on this is that if you join the club, you know, you could do Columbia House or the BMG Music, the Music Service. Right. They give you 14 day trial. And keep sending your back. Just make copies and saying, well, that's what that's why they're all having an overspankdown. And you do that. And if you have three or four members in your family, you can get whatever 15 CDs times four people. I don't understand. They say that if you record something on the way, one of these other CDs, animal blank, you can't loan the blank to your friends and they may copy. But you could make as many copies as you want it. Yes. So it's obvious why they're having an overspankdown. But of course, the same thing happened when we first got BCR. As you remember, they were having a fit about that. And now they come out with the disclaimer, well, how do you make it? They have a car. I was going to say the commercial about, you know, if you make a copy of the software, if the legal and copyright laws, I would have to help those. Exactly. Right. No only be a CD police. Yeah. So you accumulate just to decolation by subscribing to those music services. You return the 14 days. The beautiful thing is they pay for the postage return. Right. Exactly. I like it. That's a good way to get canceled by that. I'm too, by the way, I got the crap coming in the mail. Excellent. Thank you. Hey, this ought to be really big down here. They see the foreigners because any place that FM music is so bad as it is in this market. I mean, so bad that there isn't one person, whatever type of it is a good FM station this town. No matter what kind of music you like, it blows. It is just so bad. God. Get in, of course, in the car. I mean, even if you got one of those CD changes, you know, a lot of guys in the, some of the cars they put them in the trunk or whatever they hide of me. Who does it? Pain in the ass. This number this and cut number that. And by the time you get to parking around your already at Walgreens, you know. But when you got your own CD that you can burn and put the stuff on there that you want to hear. Like. Yeah, it's amazing how they reinvent everybody from general hospital. Way to the CD, Richard Simmons in the new military role, he's going to be playing. Huh? And the W. W. Two movies coming out is general MacArthur. It's going to be great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pond 5, 60. And on the way to the city, you know, if you get to see that you're going to be in the state of the city, we're going to get the city of the city of the city of the city of the city. And the city of the city is going to be very important. And the W. W. W. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Just to remember one thing about showbiz, what you see is, are usually definitely not what you get. Just keep that in mind. Here's Davey, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I remember you talking about the situation in a couple weeks ago at Littlevin? Yes. I have a good idea. And I was even thinking about this long before Littlevin. What does that mean for Littlevin? What does that mean for Littlevin? Yeah, or I had a business by having him charged with long for death when our civil court. Uh-huh. You only raise long thinking, so it's made them responsible because they're the ones for their financing the legislation. Yeah. Okay, well hold your breath. Hold your breath. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60 on. It was that little bit loud. How's that? Little bit better? I liked it. 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's my me, Lake. Oh, Neil, God. Yes, sir. Okay, as far as those city owners can travel, they're going to music store. So, they do work. Don't need to mention that. Why did they work? I got this way to you, the kid per me for man going to take me to rest in my life. What you, as far as letting them to your friends, some cities won't read them. Like it. Let's say you record your city and you go to your friends. I'm saying, hey, check out this new thing I got. Put it in there and some cities won't read them because I tried doing that in my car. And it wouldn't read it. It just won't read the songs on there. I guess it's just either the city that was better. Maybe just the way it recorded was bad. Right. You just got to be careful on what you do with that. Second thing. As far as, what's the kind of aim against? Rigging more? Yeah. What's this kind of aim against? Oh, what's the aim for again? Yeah. My girlfriend says the love she was. The love she was. There's another word for the, okay, the love she was. Yeah. Okay, I just want more things. How somebody said you were a love she was. When you be insulted? No, because I figured I'd be pretty good. What about a fine guy, sir? And I have to talk to you. Okay. Neil, God. I'm running like hell. Okay. Have a great day. I love you. I like that. And I thought of where I would use. It's a girly word. You know, like for girly guys. So Ricky Martin is voluptious. You agree with that? Yeah. There you go. Like I said for girly hot. I see hot. Like, yeah, that's another one. Nobody thinks he's hot. All the girls think he's hot. Ever touched him? Oh. 560560. Probably that's that Latin blood. You know, everybody can think all of these humans are really hot. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Well, that's why they get so excited and circle on. That could drop a head or drop of those pantalones. Here's the South Beach, Ella. I think Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good evening. Good evening. It's still good morning. Sounds like morning to you, man. Like late night, maybe. No, I woke up at three o'clock in the morning. It couldn't be bad to sleep. I went to get some breakfast and never having a fine now. And it was Ricky Martin sitting right there with Denny's no done. Ricky Martin's right there with me. Uh-huh. And now I'm just getting Ricky Martin. He never stole a fake train. What the hell, you know? Yeah. You wish him all the luck in the world. No, by the way, that way for most. I don't know if I'm report for you. Yes. I tried to, I was trying to call you like eight times. Get the bills he said no. Right. And then what's with different sounds? Am I a payphone? Yeah. So I mean, you know, I was one two different payphone. But I'm better. That must need the trick. Okay. I'm going to sleep. I'll be too good. Great show. Back to you. Okay. Get some sleep. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, he's on south beach. Okay. They don't come into about six seven in the morning. He's just dragging his ass in and arrested him to the later. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. We got the hang Goldberg show. The World Famous Hang Goldberg show with two. We got you managed. 6. We got the Marlin to the Padre's in case you missed the late night score last night. Guess what? Hey, lost again. God, damn it. They did really lead. Marlin blew this anti-aggress seven to five last night. We're going to be doing it. We care about that. No. Okay. Here's what I know about it. Here's about those Panther things either. That's amazing. Thorlaughterdale. Hello. Yes sir. What about those fire to seem the Lincoln Africa to Jews? Yeah. What about that? You're related to a spot tonight? Yes right. The philosophy is that's why my mother always said, I go outside of North. Put it on. Don't forget to put on your folages. Oh no. Nobody knew. I know this is the guy with a fany pack. I know who it is. I don't have that boring voice and that boring topic. In fact, he's probably the one that facts me that crap yesterday and wasted a lot of our facts paper, which nobody cared. And by the way, nice that you got your ass came there with the arena, but that's because we never saw him the last half of the season. So even though we're losing all those games, we enjoyed a lot more because we didn't have to go through an inquisition. Every time we went to a hockey game because of this guy's got no life. Oh man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. He should have seen Georgia's face. The contortions on Georgia's face when he heard the sound of your voice. He looked like he was going to throw up lunch dinner breakfast from weeks ago. I mean, things that haven't been invented yet, the flare in his nostril. He was falling at the mouth just hearing the terminal sound of your annoying voice. But have a nice life. Just the separate from us. Where we be going now? Here's my any. Hello. My any? Okay. Nice talking to you. Here's a four-later deal. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I do a fun quiz over here. Frank, where's the one? Yeah. I'm going to say a mighty going to be. Okay. Frank, where's the one? Nice job in a fully by the way, Frank. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach garden, shall I? Hey. We think tonight. Y'all are my jogger? Patrick? No. Why not? I think probably a Sergey Burzon had trick tonight. Uh-oh. Hey. Is this Ricky Martin part of that group that's with you, O'group? He was. Yeah. He was a manudo. That's where he was. I'm putting the pick, the puzzle pieces together. Yeah. That's La Vida. That's it. That's it. Yeah. That's what I believe is one it already. No. He said several hit the head of the well-ve. He had that horrible thing from the world cup. Don't you remember? No. Of course yes you do. No. La Copa de La Vida. That's the rubber thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're hired. I'm right. Hey. He's just as good as Ricky Martin, right? Yeah. Here we go. Come on. At checking score circles, baby. Call up Clif Hoes. Call all our spelling for all these real plain. No. No. No. No. czowie's so. Ok. Well, being more communication horsey, horsey horsey horsey horsey horsey, horsey horsey horsey horsey horsey horsey horsey horsey horseytin horsey horsey hoo. Introducing you. I think you are a great recurring scholar thinking about such a neighborhood and aangspinion, particularly and He's hot. He's bigger than goddamn life itself. Don't you understand? You got to go with a flow Rhymes would blow. Okay. You got to go with a flow everywhere you look now. It's like our whole world It's been taken over by Ricky Martin. He's in the newspapers. He's on your television He's on the commercials. He's on a Puerto Rican chamber of commerce, but everywhere you're looking You're under your bed tonight. You'll see goddamn or he Martin. He'll be on the bottom So you know, pro vision is the place to go for all your eye care needs pro I just want you to take a leave. I take a peek. Bigger than mine. I can take you a no. Now I know why this going for good get close to the wall. I'll be number the big burn. When he whipped it out from behind his debris came up with more Trails are drowned. In four to the ground I got to get a freezer. Now I know why my wife said I can never flee. I think he's really proud. I love he was so proud. I had to look away. I said that he's really proud. I had to look away. I don't think I'm gay. I was 10, I was like that. It's 1133 at 560 WQM. We have 400 open lines 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I'll tell you what. We're going to get these lines all smoking here. We're going to play Ricky Martin. I want 400 falls down there. Here's Miami. Yes sir. I'm calling a reference to the city that you record. There's two types of cities. There's one city that you record and you complain any city player. But the city RW which is re-rideable, that one you can only play on the recorder. So you can play it in your car? No you couldn't because it's re-rideable. I'm not finalized. So what good is that? So you buy the city RW which you record and once you do that you find a light that you can hear anywhere you want. The city RW is more expensive obviously. No it's 3 for 10 bucks. 3 cities. In other words, oh you're talking about the actual city that you buy. And the city recorder is cheaper. It's 30 cities for 350? Yes. Phillips. Which I have one. And the cities are 3. Maybe hollowed by the way. Made in the Netherlands so much be good. Yeah. And for Ricky Martin, my name is Ricky Martin. Okay. What do you say vanilla? So anyway, I'm all confused. Now you're telling me I'm going to have a unit here tomorrow. What about a city player? Yeah that's it. Oh yeah. Well he just said, I know he just said. Well I'm the see I'm getting into whatever. I mean these things are just developing too fast for no fart like me to keep up with. Okay, I'm all confused. Now go ahead and get the ones from Santa. Right. Your fans of the show. Now what about the software? What about the CDs? I'll poke a bunch of those. I'll punch these a bunch of the ones. But he says the CDR is that you can punch the server. I don't want to have to sit in the house listening all this stuff all they'll get the car. I get my beautiful core bell. And drive around town blasting the godday music. So a lot of the speakers are coming off the dash. What? I'm sure that Mel. Mel. Santa. Santa. It's his sale. Yes. He wants everyone to know that it's his sale. Right. I'm sure they can do well. We love you. I see you'll get ripped on the end. Right. And that's true. We'll rip a sand sass. Okay where are we going? I'll get it all straight and up. Here's my email. Here's a lady in my email. Yes hello Neil. Yes. I have something familiar to the gilded. It's different. I don't know. I'm not even going to you know. Anyway, Dr. Koforky. Dr. Koforky. Dr. Koforky. Yes. I can't help it. So anyway. He said the beginning of it. He said you want to be like toys. Lennikor. Eighty. All from then. Yeah. How are you going to go? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. He said. Well, let me ask you. What kind of drugs do you take? I've never asked you this before. No, no, no. No, we know what that's. That's what it's like. Right. She's smoking crap. We know what mushrooms grow in. Yeah. Hey, we got an good crap. Yeah. Yeah. Whoo. She is a piece of work. 567. 560. 560 on the AT and T wireless line. Man. You wonder about this. I don't wonder about this town anymore because I know it. I know it like a rubber glove. I mean, I don't need. You know what's like to think of what a Chinese embassy over there and you was slobby and build rate. They got a bad map at X on on the street corner there. That's the way our military intelligence works. They go to X on station and going up with an old map. And but I think I mean, does anybody believe that? Yeah. You know, I'm trying to convince those poor Chinese batches. It's interesting by the way how books the Chinese are when they're protesting against us. They're protesting against Bubba. They got the Nazi, the Swastika and all these that grow test caricatures and they're born in effigies and they're American flag. Yeah, they're real macho and books when they're doing that. But let them open up their mouth just one time about the Chinese government. Let's see them now more. But you're bullcrack. See, like I told you, most of the good Chinese people came over here. All the mouth contents they got them locked up over there. 567560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Anyhow, you doing? Okay, sir. I heard you referenced before the rolling stone with pretty spears in it. Right. Rolling stone at the website and then on the website, I think it's rolling stone.com. Right. They have a section called the gallery and they keep the photos from their recent issues. So if you want to go in there or somebody out there in the audience didn't get the buy issue, they can put it on their screen. That's what I've got to say. That's what I've got to naked the Britney Spears pictures on it. It's not naked. She's like in her room with all her dolls around here. All the walls. Yeah. We're in the apartment. We have different pictures. It was quite a hobo when they came out. Different pictures than the ones that are in the magazine. I think they're the same ones. That issue caused, I don't know if you're a fan. It came out. There was a controversy. Some family groups that having their pose in her room with her dolls was like kind of feel it or whatever. It was feel it. It was feel it. Feel it. Feel it. That was feel it. Yeah. Well, they see a sexual thing. They look up in the clouds and they see like gigantic penises and all sorts of phallic stuff. You know, almost breasts. I mean, no matter where they look, they see something sexual. Yeah. It's not Jesus. It must be a dog. I guess. Right. I also have a CD burner. Yeah. I got the Phillips 2 tray CD burner. Right. You can put one CD. You don't have to look at two another CD player to record. Yeah. CD CD. What did guy was trying to explain before there was one. That's the one I'm getting George. The one that's got the two from one to another. Just. Oh, thank God. So, mix a lot easier. Yeah. Right. There are two types of CDs. One is called a CD R. That's what the guy said before. Yeah. They use compatible with anywhere you want to play. You can only record it once. You can't re-record over it. Like a tape. That's okay. But you can play it anywhere. Right. The other one is called a CD re-rideable. A CD RW. Right. That you can record over and over like a tape. But it may not play with most other CD players. Yeah. So, we'll go first. The first ones are a lot cheaper. They're like three for $10. The CD R. It's just that you screw it up when you recording it. It's screwed up. Yeah. It's very hard to screw this process. Yeah. Only a more. I mean, believe me. When it comes to stuff like this on the expert. Well, if you go on from one CD to the other and the same machine, you just drop it in one tray. It's dark and it'll take care of itself. George, you're beautiful. Okay. I look at that. God bless you, sir. Thank you. Okay. 567.0560. Pont5. I'm so confused about this. I'll be real happy tomorrow. I got your hope. It's better than that thing. I can restarted a got me from a- Oh, man. See, if John Pena's was on a ball, which I don't see him anymore at all. You know, because he's got this real old-scale copy in here. And he just like dropped the ball and got only knows what they'll be doing lately. But if he was on the ball, I mean, we got our good friends at Appliance TVD, which is a great sponsor of ours. And they love me like crazy. And probably they have this stuff. But I don't see no John Pena's. He don't come by and offer the cook me up with anything. Because he's, uh, who knows where he is. Maybe he's figuring his out of here again. See, this is the only place I ever work with. You see the sales people like once in a while. And then weeks go by and don't see him because they figured they're going to get fired any minute. And usually they do in the need come back and then they come back to get a title. And there are sales managers in the general manager, owner piece of the station. And if your water is, oh, shh, I'm out! So now it's cops. In principle, they need a Dutch country. I'm a child, I'm a child. What you're going to do? What you're going to do when they're here, it comes for you. Well, hello there, Jeb Dyer. Hello, officer, here's a guy. See, what brings you up to my humble level. Well, we got us some reports of some awesome and abuting in these hair parts. Uh, yes, there's a guy. My shame to admit that my wife Sarah exposed part of her ankle. Wow, that no good hussies. Yeah, I've got me a good mind. Put her in the socks and give her 40 lashes. Well, that would be a good idea, but then there wouldn't be anyone to melt the cow. Yep, women. There are the reason we're all going to hell. Uh, yep. Well, I got to get back to plown fields. We'll kid in. I guess I'll be getting back to the barn raising as a guy. I'm a Dutch Tommish cubs. What you've got to do? What you've got to do when they're shackled with you? That's tonight. Uncomps. It's a little bit of a huge country. It's 146 at 560 WQM. I'm so glad they're excited about getting the CED thing, the burner. Huh? I am. It burns. Ed burns. That's what Linda Blair said. It burns, baby. It burns bad. And I got my gold CD here from my good close personal friend. Kid Korea over there at Power 96. Always told you he was a good guy. You always said, he's an asshole. Every time I say that, what's wrong with you, man? You don't like, uh, what's his name over there on? On kiss at fam. You know, like, uh, what's his name? I'm buddy. I was calling buddy McCayers in like Yahoo. Excuse my buddy. Yeah, right. Can't stand him. I say how's that bob McCay doing with that bad hair piece? You always say he's an asshole. I was kid Korea doing a Power 96 for those gigantic ratings they got. He's an asshole. I always come up with these. Don't you like anybody? No problem. Let's kid Korea put on the, see, this is the only reason I know about this. Remember, he gave me the CD the other day because I asked him for these two songs. I thought he was going to like bring me the CDs like some spare copies since they probably have five hundred copies of everything over there. And he brought me this stuff. They burned it for him. They burned and we came under and they burned the Nick and I the 80 degrees. In fact, I think they burned it about 250 degrees. What did he do? They come down. So you know what the first song is that I'm going to record by the way? Here you go. You believe me? No. No. I don't like that one as well as his other head. Love you that torture. Oh, you're brutal. You're just. You know, what's the difference between this one and the one I was playing? You know, there is no difference. Leave a lot difference. But the difference is there. Ever hear stuff. I'm glad to get this off. I'm glad that that's the flaming screamer that Christy on. I like most of the Latin recording like Shai John and Luis Miguel and Enrique. I like most of those guys. And Selena Reston piece. I mean, they were all pretty damn good. What? Yeah. I'm talking about me. I don't give a crap about you. We all know about your problems. Okay? We know about your problems. I'm talking me. They know about my problems. And that's part of the problem. Okay? Is. He is the problem. Well, right now. It's just nauseating. Listen, it sounds like he's nearing his way through that song. You know? Yeah. And the girls out there, they're a laughing enough man and a music too. They're suck at it up. And yeah, I'm serious. And they're grabbing him. You know, they're getting a whole end. Did you read the article about his appearance over there at specs? And the security got these two big. In fact, here's the picture. Take a look at these gigantic security guys they got. They all look like maddee leshing from Miami. I mean, big. It must be Israelis. Oh, no, it's three of them. A four of them. To keep looking at that, they have got a tight cordon off there between him and OZ on ladies, although sweaty or pre-pubescently on ladies behind him. And even some post-pubescent, who should know better. That's as close as they're getting. I'll tell you that right now. Because I don't want to see it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60 on the 18 to see wireless line. That's the world for you. Ladies and gentlemen, is people emoting, getting emotional, hysterical over people who are untouchable, like raw and the the water Nazi and the scourand, the untouchables. And Santa course with his big temporary office for the next 20 years. What a joke that is. Oh, and by the way, here it is the 11th of May, 1999. Did our program directly get his desk yet? Oh, okay. I almost forgot about that. Don't let me forget. By the way, tomorrow afternoon, you better go home early tomorrow, 430 on the MPV. All of it is again 1030 tomorrow, not in case you missed it at 430. It's B and B. It's Brittany and the back street boys. A whole half hour and hour, however long it's going to be of them, like doing it. Are they going to be doing it? I don't think so. When you put that at the Rolling Stone, I'm the one that turned you on to her in the first place by the way, Brittany Spears. Leave it to an old flag like me to find somebody that pretty. Okay? She's even prettier than Nick in the 98 degrees. She got a better nose anyway, although she's not prettier than the guy in the beach in that video. What do you think I was watching it for? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I'm Kaneo. Yes, sir. Hey, I don't. Great. Out of a Ricky, whatever his name is, and then Ricky Glesser, which one do you think is looks nicer? Who's the better looking? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Ricky? Yeah, you think get that big mole off his post. You know, I think he borrowed that from Frank Ford from Channel 10 Sports. You know, why do people that had like, I mean, I got one over my eyebrow, but I look like crap anyway, so it makes no difference. But why do people who are like big celebrity, like Peggy Lee, you stand that that's before your time. But these various recording artists have all these things, you know, under post. What all the money they have? They're just paying them off. Yeah, with a money that a Ricky's got, he should take it off. Wow. Okay. Like, okay. Have a great day. I think maybe he figures a detract from the attention for his very small penis. Now, how to sand those that by the way? How does the real macho guy who's getting late every two or three hours like sand the shandar promotion man? How does he know that a Ricky's got a very small penis? Maybe he hung out not hot tub. Stay hung it out. 560, 560, well you let him guys, you know, 560, 560, on the 18T wireless one. Next, there are motto shower power. Here's a lady in South Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, how are you? Great. I just wanted to tell you, if you wanted to save a couple of bucks, you could try looking on the internet. I just got a CD burner and 50 CDs because each CD becomes around like three to four dollars. Right. So on the internet, I got, I ordered it from and they gave me 50 and we're swimming and handling everything. Right. So it's a $49. So each one is like a dollar piece. Wow. And now these are the CDRs that you can play anywhere. Yeah, right. He could pay anywhere. And my CD burner cost 280. 280? Yeah, I found it on my internet. I don't have that just with me now because I'm at work, but I'm... Well, now is this one that is like a double decade, and we could not have you have to hook it up with your other CD player? No, well, I did write on my computer, but I could even play it anywhere. You can play in our CD there and you know, do anything. Great. I thought I'm getting them all. Well, no, comes tomorrow. I'm going to tell them I'm going to make it an offer. We can't refuse. Yeah, do a little research on the internet and you get a real good deal. Okay. Thanks, we are. Okay. Bye bye. I'm going to go ahead and down. Five, six, seven, five. What? Well, if you can say, Jewelm down, I can say go ahead and down. I mean, what will make people think that Jews get things? And you know, me, I don't usually pay more. I play retail plus 10. I always get a bad deal. I'm just not, I'm just not good at the business. It's stuff like that. I'm really crappy at that. We're looking all the stuff I can get for free if I had any, just a little bit of a brain, you know? I could probably get a free system at home from Colligan. Oh, I did. Okay. Let's go to night's going. Our Christian Colligan, there are my buddies there. Oh, the Lincoln Water of the Best in the Universe. You know, I took it and they also put in a brand new water software for me, too. I had one before that they were servicing and they said, no, let's yank that old crappy thing out and put in our own. And this is the honest thing that is true. I take a shower this morning. It must take like a couple of days for the assault mallet to like, uh, soak in there or something. And it was like silk. My skin felt like silky. In fact, I was just grabbing myself in a shower there. Huh? I would head my arms around myself. I'll nobody else will touch me. So why don't I? No, I was, it was amazing. Here's a tamarack, yellow. Uh, hello, should, uh, you think I'm a Ricky Ma, is this the Shane guy to play with you'll be up for a win Renee Robev? Yeah. Okay. Let me ask you some of those flavors, right? Right. Uh, since you guys are talking about Latin music today, what about have a Irish Chicone? I, Irish. Irish Chicone? Right. You don't know who she is? No. Yeah. The George got it. No, she had to be right. George is being in his pants. George just changes underwear. I think his stains is under. This changes. Oh, let me ask you an about you organization. They had the ticket prices today. Yeah. In the newspaper. How come nobody is cornered about this by the way? Nobody knows nothing about hockey. Uh, I mean, I only see his in ticket orders. How come that? I mean, I got my letter in the mail yesterday. They didn't wake up yet. Oh. Uh, existing only organization that charges different prices for the same sheet if you're a decision ticket holder versus individual tickets. Why I have no idea. I mean, he does the same thing people push for the baseball games also. Yeah. I mean, is this the only place that does this in his dead state? They don't do it anywhere else. Right. I would just carry. Okay. I'll see it. The games in October. Now, what is Sam Thomas? Edie Stockholm. Edie's, oh, he's what of this guy's. Oh, he's trying to angle size it a little bit. Look at that's what Ricky Martin success is laid to. You know, these guys, I mean, Luis Miguel is one of the few guys who has made all of this money because unfortunately for him, he never learned to speak English. I'm not done with my update about Edie. I, I'll let you finish your update. But my point being that the reason Ricky Martin is so big now and these articles in here, Ricky Martin's crossover. I don't think they're talking about his costume. I mean, his cross, not cross dressing, his crossover from strictly the Latino market to the Anglo market for whatever reason that is just go ahead, so she weighs 400 pounds now. Yeah. He's still looking really good. So much so in fact that she's the first person that Sam ever masturbated to. One last week. Who is this? Edie's, Edie's. I don't even know who that is. Puerto Rican, who she could she singer. I don't know what that is. Why was that with and we came at the time or was he like a by himself? Maybe they had over see, he would mama seat at the time. I don't know what. I mean, what's that? It's almost lunchtime and you tell him we have to hear stories about Sam masturbating Jesus Christ. Oh my God, the thought of the thought of Sam even having a penis is enough to make me want to throw up right now, okay? Anybody that looks like the absolute dead twin of the dead Andrew Koonan. I mean, this guy is in here telling us sexual like he's erotic. God, I'd rather take a shower with fat boy and I'd rather be dead before like I even saw fat boy again, much less to the shower with him. Then here about Sam and his, uh, diddling, you know? I think I think it was Ricky Martin that he was a Dittle and two four minutes before noon is five 60 WQ and that's you know, that's a good poll question, okay? Different celebrities that people in this audience have masturbated to beside the new Roger show. That's a good one. George Judy, you know she's tough. Hey, if I want any more lip out of you, Mr. Right, but off my gable when I smack you in the map. You know she's homes flush. Look, don't pee on my leg and tell me it's fine. But now, Judge Judy is taking it to the limit in an all-new prime time special. But on Fox, the attorney general, the great kid attack just is allowing Deskrow inmates to have their final appeal heard on TV before. You're a close, but Judy. You'll see a judge. Do you ever like a discount for a life of ability you? You must be crazy. If you think I'm gonna buy that loan of crap, I sentence you the death by the electric chair you're sitting in now. Any last words before I like Jeff on National TV. Can I give this figure out any? No, Billy, motion, phone and I'm not saying, promise, please. That justice, Jeff Roe judge, Judy Stuyah, should I? I'm Fox. Prof. Kuit, 560 WC, I didn't mention this big story in the business section. They son Sentinel and WIOD radio to share news content. WIOD. Oh, I hate that, Statiage. Radio station WIOD 610 AM on Monday, begin broadcasting news updates provided by the Sun Sentinel, marking the launch of a new media partnership in South Florida. Like, that's the first time they've been reading the news out of the newspaper. I mean, let's get serious, okay. Sun Sentinel is desperate, okay. They got news that they got alliances with J&O with IOD, whatever got them with stations that haven't been on the area. Is it helping? No. No. Speaking of our local news papers, I think this is Fred Grims in the Herald, isn't it? This has got to be from the Herald. Don't bet on General Bob. He's got this big article about Bobby Butterworth. It's a dip only he had long blonde hair and perhaps a go-tea then casino stand to store a comparison with C. Moore at the Attorney General Butterworth as General George Armstrong Custer. And he goes on about casino stand, stand worth hammer, who's been writing us how many years now 400 years? He's been sending us those big to the convuls. Here's a guy that can't even afford a bar of coast and in shower and seven years, my good friend, stand. Keep those great stories about the child molesting, priest coming in by the way, stand. But I wasn't that. Talk about a one-dimensional guy with a burned-out skin. Have you ever seen a mid-stand? Too much time in the sun. He's got skin like shoelas of this guy. But in any way, he's obsessed with casino gambling. Papa, papa, papa, by just one-note-chime. And the child molesting priest. Keep those letters coming, stand. But he actually, there's a whole article here about him and Bobby Butterworth and basically he said nothing. Nice going. Pretty grim, Fred. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Our topic today. Famous celebrities you've masturbated doing last week. Let's go to all of the, then you say in the last week's saying, I think that's what he said in the last hour. Who was it? I'd a little piano. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. I don't know about Ricky Martin, but Dana Plato. She's bad, baby. No kidding. Yeah. Yeah. Have a door now. Is that a Bolton? No. That's old news. That's old and stale. Just like a day. Okay. 5, 6, 7. I guess what, Kate Smith, I feel a little good either. These people are, come up with this stuff that's like from two days ago. Come on, man. Get into the 20th century. I know you're in Miami so you're a little bit in the behind in the times. But let's get with it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall? Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? Great. There's a little wondering. What it like best? Do you like the top, bottom? Yeah. So we were wondering. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. In your case none of the above. Okay, pal. Hello out to your ass. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes. In your 80 truck home, if I'm not mistaken, and you can have stores on this. I think she pretty much pioneered the G3. Yeah. I mean, she were the right one. What is she about 73 now? I'm 73,000 maybe. Uh huh. She's the like, you know, level real path salad salad, the wheel wheel chick. You couldn't cover her. She was like a common Miranda without their own. Like like, like, like, not common Miranda. Uh huh. She was like, you know, showing all the flesh and it's looking so cute. She's like, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah. Yeah. A ball with you man. I mean, that video for like, total other, you're like, uh, I mean, it's not a window dress. Because I mean, he's a food. I mean, it's all of you. I mean, I mean, it's all of you. I mean, I mean, I mean, it's not our last by the way, George, you've heard it last route. He's like, you know, like, that's, but you sure, they mean, she was about 13 and three years old. And she had in the video, he's young people kind of like, you know, the last half of the year. Yeah. I mean, this is not that more facial surgery. She was in that facial expression, but he more. Yeah. She was a new son by the rich man. I mean, I had a good try there. Oh, she, coachy, he's the hochi coachy man. Baby, make no mistake about it. It's got nothing to do with the words. It's got nothing to do with his voice. It's not really, we have anything to do with the way he looks with his latest incarnation of a rookie Martin, the 80th incarnation, which he does look pretty good now. He looks pretty good. But it's that hochi coachy. And that's the whole thing. That's what it's all about. Yeah. You know what reminds me of? I don't want to play it. Because he's a pedophile at the games. You know, and it's a crap again. You know, the hochi coachy, they're all moving their jook in their driving. I mean, it gets a little bit stale and old after the first 50 trillion times, you know? Here's a mobile and vocah, hello. Hey, my legal deal. Yeah, no, you're here. Get off of that. Look, I recently got to get weight computer and we had a CD burner on there. Yeah. So I want to hit him recorded some CDs, but there's this major glitch in the whole thing. And this is what I think they're trying to prevent the bootleggers out there. Is there a sugar in the wood palm? Yeah, exactly. And though it cuts off two seconds off the last part of the song, no matter what song it is, what you do, cuts off two seconds. So you'll be listening to your neighbor, Luca, and it'll just chop off the two seconds at the end. You might not like that. I prefer you know, I would like that. In fact, if it's chopped off two minutes, I'd be happy on that song. But other than that, I hope you'll be on that. Like three or something, three minutes too long. She's down, right? It's about no, and I never mind. It shouldn't ever came out. But anyways, Britney Spears, I don't know. I moved jam. I didn't see it. It looked exactly the same. And find a toolman out there right now is the knee-triving. Oh, so when my landlord, you wouldn't do Britney Spears, that was your son? I don't know. She looks like she's been like one too many times, you know what I mean? Another example, if she was desperate and wanted you to help her out, you might consider it. Maybe. I can't see that because my wife is listening. Okay. All right. Good luck, Yester. All right. Next wife is listening right now. He wants her bad sweetheart. Whether the real or not, that business about the real. Who cares? I'm sorry. That's not, I don't know if I'm buying it. I'm not believing it for one second. It's an elamix use for the fact that you never go to your hands on it, a hot young number. That's all. Yeah, I'll keep making excuses. It's not for real. You know, it's like Peter North. What if that's not for real? 560560 and to 560. I know we got to play this, right? Why? Is that thing, were you? Eight minutes after known as 560 WQA and don't miss the biggest automotive event of the year. It's. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. Okay, let's get Star Wars intensive. No, thank you. 1213 at 560 WQA is Joe Costell and the building. We need Joe Costell and here in the next couple minutes because when he sees this, wow. By the way, I thought about it for a couple of minutes. The first record I'm going to put on CD when I get my burner tomorrow is... That's another cut from that awful rookie Martin CD. Can you see what I'm saying? It's all that hoochie koochie. How much after I go? I'm going to take you with hoochie koochie. Oh man, he's so anyway, when you get the rookie Martin CD, which is most of you are going out and getting it right now, I'll be masturbating to it by four o'clock. But at any rate, if you open up the insert, the package insert there, and you open up the first page, there is a picture on the right hand side. So help me, God. Here, wait to see this, Joe. And it's sitting with his legs crossed on the floor. Looking off of the side. This is the face looking picture. I have it. Even if I win, it looks but compared to this picture. And he's holding his feet. I want to do the see Ricky Martin's feet. There you go. Right in the middle of the lunch hour, there he goes. That's how you're going to die. And it looks like he's holding his feet down so he doesn't float away. You don't see one? It means a call. You know? Yeah, I wanted you to see the feet. Think it's a thickest, if Ricky Martin's feet, what do you think? Wow. We'll get the picture of Enrique with his feet. I asked, I asked, do you think you're Ricky's feet and he said, they stuck. Wow. That picture. Man, Ricky, I mean, come on sweetheart. But he's kicking ass. Maybe he's making millions in minutes. So we can afford to have a sense of humor or not as the case. Maybe we need to really own care. Wow. I can't believe I see that picture. Anybody's got the CD out there. Just open that up and you'll you'll hear it. Here's West Palm Beach, yellow. Yes, Neil. How are you doing? Great. Yeah. I have a question. I really hope you don't hang up on me. But every night, probably I know you probably will. And I won't hate you. Because then you're telling anybody says that. Yeah, I do. That's what usually ends up happening. I mean, it's not a really good way to begin conversation. I know. Well, if I started out of conversation by, hey, you know, you're an asshole, but let's talk anyway. You know. No, I trust me. I don't think of you that way. That's okay. For I've listened to you now for a couple of months. A couple of months. Yeah, I just started listening to you a couple of months. Well, where the hell have you been? Been working all the time. I mean, I'm able to listen to radio. Okay. Well, and then when you can be excused for your lack of understanding, whatever you want to know. Maybe I hear you once in a while say, Oscar K. Your meat is what is exactly as I supposed to mean? Why am I going to hang up on you on that? Because you're 10. Oh, it ties right in because we're talking in the Spanish music. Did Luis Miguel? Do you know who Luis Miguel is? Of course I do. Well, there you go. One of his big hit songs was Oscar K. And you'll be this, which means that did you forget me? And, you know, it's just a better to say, Oscar K. Your meat is. Oh, God. Oh, that is hilarious. Oh, so now you can laugh when I say it all, they're not quite in that same way. No, we'll come and take you away with the butterfly. That's a butterfly. Well, sir, you have a good day and don't take any crap from anybody. Okay. And have a great life. You too. And Oscar K. Oscar Lopasta. Basta, quarter of pasta. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. We're going to be starting to do the show by a lingual and bisexual pretty soon. We haven't had any takers on, I think, because they're too embarrassed to call in. I mean, I used to have a picture of Pat Boone and a bathing suit when I was a young man. I don't want to say that I sure go to. I don't want to say that. Pat Boone, of all people, how he looked so good and it goes to show you. But don't don't judge a book by its cover or whatever or whatever that says. Turned into be a real religious nut. We also had that Boone in the box where he was doing a little college prank or pat anybody. Have any of those anymore? No, we were giving those away and I didn't see the old Boone in the box. Pictures from hospital magazine. Pat had his thick and right through a cardboard box. Little college prank. I guess maybe that's what kind of turned him around so to speak. And made him into the religious fanatic that he is today. Even though, of course, he's become a heavy metal. I mean, he's doing anything to try to make a fast buck because he's all wrinkled up and not look at anymore. Before he sure looked good back then, man. In fact, this bathing suit was so tight that it looked like he had a banana in his pantalones. You know what I'm saying? Pat Boone. Now that takes quite a man to come on here and admit that. But these people out here, they're probably rubbing themselves raw to that Brittany Spears picture on Rolex stone right now. They can't even grab over any antiphone. Here's a four-later nail. Hello. Good afternoon, Mewon. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Great. Good. I'm glad you're that. Just got back from Vegas. All right. Fantastic trip. Stayed at the Mirage, though. Yeah. But I have to tell you, uh... Why do you say it that way? It sounds. Well, I know that you, uh, I know where you enjoy staying. Yeah, the MGM, but I mean, not everybody can stay at the MGM. There's a lot of good places to stay. How is the Mirage for staying at? Actually, the Mirage is not that. It's a very nice room. I don't spend very much time in there. So, uh, and you can't beat the prices you're talking, uh, basically, uh, 70 anywhere between 17 and 79 dollars a night. Right. Which isn't that great. And, uh, you know, it's a great. It's a great happy go lucky time. I didn't lose my shirt, so I can't really complain. And, uh, I had a great time out there. I always do when I go out there. I want to ask you, Neil, about the, uh, my anusong, which is a fantastic song. But at the very end, they say my anus smells, and then I can't really make out the word. Are they, uh, throwing something over that because it's a dirty word or? Yeah, there's a little bleep in there. Real. Okay. Okay. That's what I thought. That's what I thought. That's a, yeah. Okay. That's a, yeah. That's what I thought, but I wasn't sure I could never make it out there. I've heard it. So, I'll be kind of saying languages as you know. And as far as the maple leaves go on, very excited about the game tonight, Neil. I do have to tie. I know you and must meet both. We hate one nothing, two one games, but I feel that, uh, this game's going to be one of those games tonight. Oh, no, don't say that. I mean, you know, the least you got all these guys that are overdo here, come on, Steve, you saw them. Let's break out of it. Here's sweet out in Yannick, parole, and Sergey, Baris and all these, you know, there's nine legitimate scores on that team. It's about time some of them stepped up there and started sticking it in there. Well, I tell you, Neil, if it's talk about the Sunday, you know, and about the fact he was in a funk, okay, he had his big night the other night. He got two goals into assist. He came to a nice, but how about how about how about Derek King? How about all these other guys who are big, you know, hot shot scores? Let's go, Mike Johnson. Let's go, baby. Well, I tell you what, Neil, I really sincerely believe that in it's not going to be easy, and it's not over yet with pitchburg. Yeah. But if we can get past pitchburg, we really, really have a great shot. Not only because there's only one series left to get to the Stanley Cup, but I feel that our team is completely equal and goal-tending and off-sense, as far as Boston and Buffalo go, but I think our team defense really is a lot better. See, the key, I think the key to that game to the night is the fact that carpets have got back and aligned up in the missed couple games with the injury. I mean, here's the guy that led the league in plus minus with a plus 40, and nobody talks about him. Well, everything they did this year came small and like roses was unbelievable. They bring lining behind us and for that game to the other night, he gets the first goal and gets to assist. He played great. They get carpets from around you with an awful Matthew Schneider, which everybody hates like poison. He went over the plus 40. Stevie Thomas has a gigantic year. Every move they made came out smaller like a rose. It was fantastic. I'm telling you, it's going to be a very, very, very nice summer this summer, Neil. Even if we don't win another game, it'll be great. Oh, please. We're going to win this family Cup. That's why it's going to be such a wonderful summer. All right, got to the second gift. I got to get to the end of the week. How about those guys that they are trying for all that stuff and make a least current? So we don't want to talk about that. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Yeah, nobody has nothing. I guess I must be the only one. I got my letter about renewing my season tickets at the Immacorina. I just I'm going to share that. I'm just tired of it. There is no interest, I think I said before. There is no interest. It's just astonishing to me. No wonder they can get away with doing whatever they want in there. They don't care about how your seats are, what they can see to go like. There's nobody else cares. They don't care about crap. It's just a place to go and hang out in a very boring town. Thank you. God, why do I keep wasting my time with that crap? Five, six, seven. What is that stuff you got in there? What is that perverted? What is that? It's a bunch of tapes and CDs. Yeah. What's that on top of? It's a bit like the sort of speaking. Padding is high point on the materials. Yeah. Is the photographic crap. What is that? What is that? Jesus Christ. It's about time. We got some good pornography in here. That looks pretty interesting. Who the hell was that? Good. God Almighty. You call that a penis? Wow. Two bad. We don't have a little TV and we don't have whanny anymore. Get that in here right away. Forget about what's in the box. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Maybe I can answer my own question in a few minutes. Here's a candle. Hello. Forget about Padding. Candle. Hello. Yes, sir. I knew. First time call. I just want to say how really great it is to talk to you. My name is Nigan. How right. Any towel. I was in Walgreens the other night. Online about the month of the month. Six or seven people in front of me. The lady at the camera account that was opening her line through custom res only she explained it out. She called it out in Spanish. All right. Unfortunately, I never got the outline that any of that's the way it is done. I'm opening it up only for a Spanish speaking cousin. It's like being a tourist in your own town. Right. And then that's about it, guys. Okay. All right. Thanks, Peter. Austin. Okay. So here's a whole bunch of stuff about CD aberners. The CDR and the PDR and this and that and on and on. Wow. On and I said the the wholesale price we have for the CD twin is 309 a piece. They've let's all. Look at it. Better keep some of this stuff. We're getting all kinds of people out there. They want to put us all kind of good stuff and give me a great price and settlement. Here's the CD twin R. The CDR. On and on it goes and opening up a whole new avenue because the first song that I'm going to have on here is going to be. Oh yeah. Here we go. What's up sweetheart? Oh yeah sure there's a lot of important items here at the same house in there. What is that? What's in this? I talk about a wimpy voice. That's a well thing. Remember that one before that was getting all emotional hysterical about that from his previous CD which I went out and wasted money on? Volvo. Yeah. He drives with Volvo. Oh and this is more pornography in here that you just brought me because I see the handwriting. Watch. Mark my words. Okay. Watch me open it up and take a look at what's in there. Don't throw away. We have take us for them. It's one. Yeah but you do. Okay. Give him his magazine back to his rolling stone. Oh. Hey, sailor. Yeah. This is a KS junior man. 20. How about 200 years he's been sending him for pornography in a mail. I can't even say it. 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the mobile one line on a very bizarre. Well and I'll start with that Ricky Martin crap in the newspaper this morning. I got out of bed this morning. There was Ricky Martin. I walked out into the street. I got to get to my car. Everybody look. He's all over the place like a spreading disease. And the verdict of the audience this morning was almost unanimous. They said, my icon is what they said. Which I thought was a little bit out of line. Wasn't it? No. 25 past noon at QA end is only one place in the entire state that you can enjoy a nighttime live harness racing horse racing of any kind. And that's Pomp and a park. And maybe someday carry over one of those other people over there. Look at me some new copy. But I guess tomorrow night when I go to the track. I'll have to pick this stuff out of the program again and find out the simultaneous schedule and everything else for me. But let me just mention this. We got live harness racing every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. And Simon casting with Matt and A's every day. He needs Monday to Saturday. And at Pomp and a park you always get pre-parking for grants that admission. And the poker room is open every library. See night like I said Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Now tomorrow night, May 12 check out the special harness racing discovery night party. It's a chance for you to learn all about harness racing, handicapping, how to bet. It's a free party with snacks, so it's lots of cool surprises. So if you want to reserve your spot call 9.5.4. 97.2. 2000. Feel a little powered. Pomp and a park with horse power you can bet on. Pomp and a harness. One block shot of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road. Just a mile west of I.95. See you tomorrow tonight. Don't forget Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Simon casting and great live harness racing at Pomp and a park. First post time 7.35 in the PM. Thanks. Is that all? What was we had to do today? We placed my glasses in this picture that I got to start making. It's like wide open and a big smile on this horse. Real love. We're in this quarterback. It's lonely. You like receivers that are white. Some people say that number age is gay. Are you sure? They say trolling out to the big brown eyes. A cream. You go down on a music man. It's guys he likes but he's a cream. He loves the snap cowboys on their behind. It's like a cream. This guy is spotless reputation. America's team is rubbing out. But it's drogate. I've heard some people say. They're in the huddle he goes down. He goes down on his music man. I can't suppose he's really clean. Don't forget him cause he likes it from behind. We're pretty one and five. He's the one in the middle of all these pictures. Most of which looked a lot better from a distance through the window by the way. But in the middle of all of this. When I was in the box, that's what I'm. What is that? Nothing of consequence. I'm not a dance city that you don't like. Oh, this is from Tracy and you read? No, this is from Dick. That's what we go records. All of this is from that Dick. Speaking of that, so anyway, I'm leaving two of these pictures. Of course, not looking too closely because I mean, at my advantage, they don't want to get too a carried away. Here is the picture. I look at a face and look softly from at you to me. Stark naked with a big hanging out with his legs spread wide and very provocative pose with his hand back like it's Troy Acmon. But of course, these computers generated pictures and they put one guy's head on the body and they put some guys on some place else. So only the shadow most for sure if that's really true or not. I think this is the special place in the sports station. Can you see all these superjacks? Oh, yeah. Let's get this up on the wall in the hall. Have a ball. Y'all. They'll be having a nervous breakdown. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's the pompano. Hello. Hello there. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. How are you today? Okay. My name is Mosheil and I'm a parametric for the waterdale. And I was wondering if I could... I was wondering if I can invite you and your listeners to attend an event that we're having? No. No. It's called CPR Day. It's free to the public all residents of South Florida and it's going to be May 22nd at no list out these to university and we're going to try to train thousands of people in CPR. Great. And can I give the number? Please do think you like it's your own problem. If anyone who is doing service is especially if you're Jewish. Thank you. If anyone is listening out there and you'd like to learn CPR for free, it's May 22nd. Right. And the number is 759, 740. Again, this is the American Heart Association, 759, 740 and Neil, we hope that you could join us as well. No. Okay. Thank you, sir. Thanks a lot, Slimey. Well, bye. Okay. Like I said. Okay, we got 200 open lines here. Now, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line is usual. A soft load audience about as much fun as a coronary. It just can't get to those swivel. You know, they got off on a Ricky Martin thing. Real good. I'll give him credit for that. I did call him. That was the whole for the whole. We got on the flu. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. Anybody see that's a good song. That's getting us in. I see you were laughing before because you're not an Enrique fan. You make all kinds of an edge. Well, if you're, you know, just keep your button, your lip button or whatever. I won't pass it along even to say that Enrique was in tempered comments about Enrique and his music. But you would have to admit that he's spectacular compared to that. No, they're about to say no. You wrong. Absolutely. They both suck. You just don't like to fact that Enrique did that one album, Tatiana, you're just jealous. 560, well, the last part could be right. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Only San Nostra, sure he ain't telling. He's busy in there with his pictures of Irma Bond back whoever this. Here's the Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Talking about Ricky Martin. He want to hear Ricky Martin's first hit in Latin America. No. No, you want to hear it? You got it. Yeah, I got it right here. Well, now this isn't a manudo thing. You mean Ricky Martin? Well, this was like the first thing that made him famous in Latin America. What is it? What is it named? Maria. Maria? It's basically it sounds the same as what he's doing now. They just changed a little bit the lyrics and the little bit of the lyrics. Oh wait a minute. That's just one moment please. Is that the new album? It's also got Maria. It does. How do you like that? Well, let me play a little free for a little sound better coming from this direction. Okay. A moment please and you'll be able to tell if it's the same thing. Let's see. Maria Spanish radio editor. Yeah, that's that. Yeah, I think it's one of those friends. That thing is old. I think he's on 96. That's not now. Nothing blows. Yeah, that's yeah, but you know, they got bad taste but I don't know if Ricky Martin's a fag or not. I don't say that. I'm just asking you know how you would describe it and everybody says muddy corn, whatever that means. Yeah, but I know Ricky Gashay is sure is a fag. How do you know that? I don't know. He just acts weird and he looks like dirty. He looks like he doesn't think a bath. He looks grimy. He looks nasty, disgusting. He has a horrible singing voice and he has no performance. Well, you'll be pleased to know that the treatment looks real clean in this picture. In fact, it was like he just got a lot of the shower in this picture. We got treatment. Oh, but you'd be impressed by the size of his and have a great day. Okay, five times. I mean, really impressed. Look at that. That thing's laying over almost to his knee. Five six seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one. I put that Brad Pitt this year. I'll tell you that boy, it's scrawny little pencil. You've heard a pencil next geek. Well, we can change that around just a little bit. Here's a Davy. Hello. Okay, and I's talking to you too. Well, anti-social in there. Davy may be their horse just right off on him. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello. Mobile in Jupiter. Okay. That's two in a row. Let's try for three. Here's candle. Hello. Bill. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I just want to pay up to the last 30 seconds there. I just want to tell you a little trip I'm going to make in June for a beat that July fifth. Yes, sir. Here's a time. It's a Rome. Rome, the Naples Beach. Then go to the Olicopree, a mossy wave, swiftly and combo. Great. Fantastic. I didn't trip, huh? Damn right. I think that's a way from the spec. Great. Do you have a speaker to get a little blood transfusion? Yeah. Have a good time. Okay. I'll repeat it to you. Okay. Okay. I'll pay off to Kia whenever. Here's a guy going to a tie. Maybe where the real people are, where the real food is. Five six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the mobile one line. 22 till one we got. Hey, Goldberg, it's two. We got your manager. This we got the Marlins and the Padres again. That I had Marlins lost last night. Seven to five. They'll try to repeat that performance tonight. 930 on the West Coast. If you're suffering from a hair loss and you're sick and tear that ball spot. You see it in mirror every day. Then they'll pick up the phone and do something easy about it. Call Charlie Alphiari and make him look, uh, let him do it for you. Charlie can make you look years younger like a real human being. Over 25 years ago, he invented the best care system in the world. And that's why I keep telling you, even guys with the most money in the universe, go to Charles Alphiari. They can afford to spend any amount, but they still go to him because no system anywhere looks better and more natural. In fact, he's even improved that natural hair line system recently and created a lighter, more durable, completely natural look and system so that even when you're here is soaking wet like Torrey Acmon's, nobody can tell that it's not the real thing because it looks like it's growing right out of your scalp and the hair too. So check out the Charles Alphiari, natural hair line system and don't forget for a limited time. If you call and mention the new Robger show, Charlie will not do a lot of work. So, I'm going to talk to you on a dollar's off the purchase price of that new hair system. So, get you some hair, start looking human and forget about that Wien High Pinguiluk. Pick up that instrument right now and call them Torrey 1-800-321-2413. That's the Charles Alphiari Studios in Fort Lauderdale, Colour by now 1-800-321-2413. Your daughter's so curved, we've watched you marry such a puddle, father-in-law, you think you better than me without needing cavitorious and I have terrible TV, always wear black shoes with for me here to show you can play the best I had because you won't drive any in the board, you're much swearing in the mood many songs at the beach, everyone except for it, you should have been in a beach by the real law, you're like driving big cars and you hate any music that has a good job by the real law, you're feeling like I am a creep but I ain't clicking coup on every day of the week I have nothing like you don't go to the dog track and don't drink at home when I eat a thing that you're taught in my web, I will not destroy her you just gonna have to get over it, you need to marry a lawyer okay that's our full foot today by the way who's the more annoying you want a Janet Jackson or Ricky Martin ever seem to get there by the way so anyway we learned one thing that Ricky can count at least to three yeah one of those three is every song one of those three is over and over and over and over on our own race, who teach you coup chi coup chi coup there you go, biggest thing in the world right now you wonder why they were dropping bombs on their grade and why the Chinese are marching in protesting and people are shooting each other in school, you wonder why? 560560 pound 560 on a mobile one line here's the mobile informeyer's hello hello Neil yes sir I don't know what's wrong with all those guys over my amyid but I'm the Britney Spears subject yes I like it says good thing I've got a speaker phone because I'm not gonna be able to read this rolling phone when I get done with it got all three hands busy right now all all three of them yeah and I'm not a fake but you know we believe you seen when he was a you know young guy who? James Dean before he asked himself yeah you know me and him a couple pairs and I think I could make like Monica and so could court form but I think we need to take those up those the patches that they're breaking down over there in Europe and send them over to China and they're out of space around the embassy there and okay you did that or the euro boy one of the other okay whatever you said he's not gay but James Dean was 560560 pound 560 on a mobile one line we got two calls left in a board an hour and 15 minutes to go that's not a good sign we started off on a real high note today maybe we'll just let them all call up and say my to Koon again get out of their system that'll kill another hour not a Koon that's basically the yeah they're material 560560 pound 560 on a mobile one line don't ever even think don't even have a dream of mentioning that word panther on a show again okay I realize it's the 11th of May we're in the middle of the NHL playoffs and the panthers aren't in for a change by the way I understand that but this thing with his letter today it proves to be on a shadow but if you're looking for a spokesman to speak up or for whatever things you don't look to me okay because nobody's no interest I hit that thing right on a money very early on these are just thousands and thousands of people who are schmoosing socialites plastic people have no understanding no interest in what's going on they don't care if they give them a seat that's big enough for like a boy like a boy a lost desk next door they don't care so I'm not gonna waste because the worst thing I can do is be boring and so why don't I talk about something that nobody in his town cares about beyond a shadow of a doubt I don't care if we got the highest attendance at a league it means absolutely nothing which is quite a shock by the way close to show you what a boring town is is that that many people will actually get out of their house and go to a place where they couldn't give a crap less what's going on there just a astonishing here's Hollywood hello Hollywood yeah how's it going man okay sir what is this a talking about Ricky and being gay in all that stuff man you know who said Ricky Martin was gay I don't know I was hearing the radio flipping through the channels you go out into the channels you know another radio accident you know listen to this show every day which we know you do well I find out I'm made it yeah okay anyways you know he's a he's a lahob blooded laden guy you know chicks dead I got the hot swarming not me man I like women actually because of myself I could get to see myself another little Ricky Martin you know it's just that I'm not as famous a little medical little Ricky I ain't gay man anyway anyway you know you know you know all the American guys are very jealous because you know it's just they just don't got the blood you know yeah I think you might have a point and God bless you I think I just loved him a spiel so okay because I agree with me the better we just they got his Ricky Martin city he walked it out 567560 p.m. 560 and he loves this show don't kid yourself you're not a one-o-s-close of people congratulations this guy came out of the closet that's not the fact closet that's the new Rogers I listen to a show closet which they are two different closets I just say that's what you feel a little bit better about yourselves out there those of you who are very nervous to admit you listen to the show especially you young guys out there especially you kid that are skipping school right now where you're Sony Walkman to listen to the show which we know there are thousands of you listening right now and have a great day and God bless you and don't shoot anybody please 567560 p.m. 660 on a mobile one line everybody's so uptight in this country you got to loosen up a little bit okay like I said yesterday the only abnormal people are the people are either molesting somebody or the so-called celebrate ones like the priest okay that's abnormal sex is there because it exists sex is not evil sex is not bad and I'm going to say again they don't need to have any conference with jack felonny and all these goddamn grave robbers out there more sex less violence that's good if they want to clean up TV and the movies and everything lot more sex a lot less violence here's sunrise hello yes that was it okay thanks for waiting 567560 p.m. 660 on a mobile one line here's Miami hello yes sir yeah rickie martensan but they're who animatico yeah and I got to go to the bathroom okay great sounds like it 567560 sounds like he had a head start and 560 on a mobile one line so you now we get a whole bunch of these people who have no material just like at the other day no material but they think they're sit down comedian your about his funniest void direrio okay oozing bloody direrio right in the middle of an expensive dinner at Ruth Chris that's how funny some of you people are and they're sitting there they got their finger up there back to maybe each other's friend that's where their finger is they're trying to figure out life just save it okay just save the stale terrible material call up that bitch on the other station I took a look at her numbers by the way eeehh oh my god that babbling brook over there oh I got out my uh magnification reading glasses that Mike winnerie left behind the iod and I started looking for her audience in that latest arbertron book and it's pathetic it's uh conflame talk about blow and she blew away most of their audience in three months they're all gone disappeared including women and because the women the men the children the old farts in between the pigmies the latinos the anglo the jews the glam the shfarters the uh you name it they're all gone nice go on brook and I thought people was by the way for screw up that station for sticking the final nails in the coffin as in w iod i love death now i and z i love uh whatever that stands for so anyway we ever forget what kind of rabbits those were in the jungle here's a mobile in west pombie chillo hello yes sir hello hey Neil how you doing great man you got some characters off yes we do we got some real serious assholes out there right look and I got a quick question for you um i've got a uh labor game in my wife for our anniversary have you been now a polco no i wouldn't go to Mexico with uh for all the money in the world okay i was why do you want to go to acapocal unless you're hanging out at louisis you don't want to go she wants to go well i i mean Mexico City is the place i hear a lot of bad stuff about because if you get into your uh a cab of the airport nobody ever sees you again i can put her i don't know maybe somebody has been there can tell us about acapocal okay thanks i appreciate it okay have a great time he's getting sucked into going acapocal huh let me think about that i mean beautiful beaches huh what's going out some uh louis music acapocal makes me feel like a little louis maga five six seven five sixy who's getting old with a fat ass by the way but he's still sure can sing see that's the difference there's a difference between those who have a great voice and can really sing and between those guys that just shake their booty a lot and just tutti cucicucia which is all like Ricky Martin's all about okay yeah time the time jolt is with uh a better oh come on Ricky what you're finished all i will uh there look out uno portraits I'll see the snap of the body crystal. This is the thing. Yeah, I'm very good to talk about something, so if this is the sequel, this is the sequel. Eee! Tell it. God, this is the hottest album in the universe, man. You people at the hairline of the Sun Sentinel, you're part of this plot. It must be getting paid off over there to write up this garbage. Oh, but it's really hot. You know, the Grammys, the roles. You can enjoy it, and maybe they were joking and javin' in the aisles, because the rest of it was so boring. And then there was some article. What was it? One of these? Now, it must have been yesterday. He's in there every day. They were talking about how, um, aerosmith. They must have done this one of their songs at the Grammys 2, which I didn't see because I never watched those awful shows. And they're comparing him with aerosmith. Like this is some kind of a contest between Ricky Martin and Steve Tyler. Oh, my, like, uh, which one is real music? And which one is just Hushi Kuchi for a bunch of over hormonal young women? Who don't get the message? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Boy, you talk about no accounting for taste. Talk about somebody with a taste in there. Back to him. Taste like a penny. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Good and trowels and has to make you sick. You son of a bitch. Yeah. Does it? Yes. And the guy used to be a respectful act and now the guy's coding guns everyone. Well, he used to be God and Moses and Jesus and now he figures that he's Involverable. I think I have a great day. 4, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom, 5, 60, real boring. One of the infest for new rosses even the he's out. Tom, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. See when you live right. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, silo. Yes, sir. Quick answer to your poll question. Which poll is that? We've had so many of that. So, I've already got to put the plug to? Yes. The teacher cost of the Victoria's Secret Girl. Yeah. And Buffy the vampire's for there. Okay. All right. Okay. What have you say? Latisha what? That name and that Latisha that just sends me all those names. All these things. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. There's a guy at least had the courage to call it a netty once touch to the okay. Even though we probably will go to Helen, we're in there for a long time with father's tool. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Okay. So, yes, you were talking about you loved the MGM out in Vegas. Yeah. Yeah. And I got to tell you, we're going to have the greatest hotel in Allen, Dale Hollywood, the diplomat with a thousand rooms and a good attractor. That's what the convention requires people be able to go to a diplomat mall when they're not in their convention or they can kill them. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. You're pouring. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on a mobile one line. That screen is a lot of the usually does with this terminal calls, but they're right in there. Right in the running is usual. Sure, you're boring. You're a term or your pond was you're not funny. You're part of what's wrong with this town. Believe me, they would let you win a Vegas with $50 million each pocket. It's still kick your ass out. Okay. They'd make you an offer you couldn't refuse you'd be like Paulian, Godfather 1. Wouldn't see you no more. And they wouldn't even have to go out in the middle of the desert and take a leak to do it. Here's a mobile in Pembroke Pine, shall I? Hello. Yes, sir. Anyhow, you doing? Good. I'd usually at pay attention to my own business, but I summed a signal up late last night. Watch and see it in. I was watching that scene. I'm maybe you caught it with that Chinese embassy thing where they're protesting outside I don't see any. I see. What would this anybody with basically Western cop? Okay. Great. Okay. 12.5. We got an open line of somewhere 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on a mobile line. I never done that in their full episode today because they keep their sanded over and over again. Here's a mobile in Pine, Crest, hello. Okay. Nice talking to you, too. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah. What's up, Neil? How are you doing, sir? All right. I want to give a big shout out to the heat. Good wind. Okay. Great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile. Open the window. Give a big shout out. Okay. I have to talk about that garbage, all right? Even though I know the other 20 hours of the day, they're going to be puffy. Puffy. That's all you talk about. Boring. It was boring before. It's still boring. 7 foot free. Slime a jam in it. Okay. Boring. But hey, if that's what you like more power to you. Okay. We like Ricky Martin, I'm not sure. Tell it. Get rid of that crap. Now. God. Four minutes before. Well, they like vanilla ice cream too. Minions of people are rushing out there. They're going right now. They're supermarkets. They buy vanilla ice cream. Taste like a penny. If you're looking for fast, reliable access to the internet, every time you want to get on it. And that just wants you to wobble. Whatever you want to look something up, whatever you want to ditto around on there. Then please pick up the phone and call our friend, didn't mind spring. Because if you call them right now, one triple eight-hame spring, the way of their usual $25 start up fee. And give you the first 30-day speed from the day you sign up. Mine spring offers you fast, reliable 56-k connections to the net. Free customer support 24 hours a day, seven days a week, toll free. No more junk email. No more stupid ads. No more busy signals. You just top on there and do your thing every time you want. In fact, mine spring is so outstanding. They were voted the best internet service provider by both PC World and PC Community Magazine for all 1998. So do it right now. Call them at one triple eight-hame spring. Tell them you're right. You're totally calling them away. That usual $25 start up fee. And you get the first 30-day service absolutely free from the day you sign up. One triple eight-hame spring for mine spring, the best internet provider in the world. This is 5-60. You a-yeah. You a-yeah. My family, you a-yeah. It's not just the one to two-hour. It's the phenomenon. Clean up, clean up, the browsing thing you're underware. Clean up, clean up, put on a valve and air. Clean up, clean up, the company's right here on your seat. Clean up, clean up, whenever you need to meet me. Clean up, clean up, try some things you worked with that. Clean up, clean up, clean up, whenever you have that. Do you do? And then, yeah. I'm in an after-one at 5-60WQ and we got the Henry Goldberg Show with two. We got Jim Mad Dog Manage. Yeah, six o'clock tonight. Don't forget, we got, uh, what's his name? The voice of the dolphins. What's his name, anybody know? He's going to be filling in for Hank on Thursday to the six from on the ISD and on the phone line from Philadelphia. Just make up some stories, okay? Don't ever know what's going on down here. It's just astonishing. We got a guy in Out of Town, a carpet beggar. That's how desperate we are to find somebody to do that show on Thursday. Unbelievable. Here's a mobile or must-pond beach. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Time-caller. All right. Love me, show. Can we talk hockey a little bit? As long as you don't mention the P word. No, no way. Four to three. Whatever their name is, because nobody here cares about it. I'm originally from Buffalo. Yeah. But, uh, this one, you think anybody that's trying to Buffalo or Experts don't have a chance against Dale or Dale or some Detroit? Oh, Dale, Dale, Dale, Dale, Dale, Dale, Dale, Dale. I was thinking, well, Dale, Dale, Dale last night. They were lucky to win at Game The Of The Night. Because, uh, Grant Fierlet in a bunch of greasy goals. Dale, I think going anywhere. I'm very lucky to get by Edmonton. Every game was a struggle. And that's, you know, Edmonton's really weak this year. It's strictly Detroit against the world. And, you know, I'm just hoping that whoever wins the East can not come off. I'm tired of Detroit. Oh, yeah. One other thing, you know, the key to Buffalo, key to the Sabers is getting Chattan back in a lot of it's a miracle that they were, you know, even Steven in the first two games. They're lucky to be there. But they got to get Chattan back. Either they were the only goalscorer. Right. And, uh, Tastic played better this, a second game. Right. Yeah, but he didn't play that bad. Everybody said he played a lousy game in the first game. I didn't think he had a chance on any one of those goals. Allison shot was like a pinpoint shot. He had like a little tiny spot to shoot at any stuck at any, uh, he didn't play a bad game. No. One other thing is my son was down here in October. And now he listens to you on the internet and football. And we love you, show. And God bless him. And I'll tell you that great show has fan TV. I watched it every day on the empire. Uh, how about sports, you're on TV? Is it really? I can't get it down here even though I have a dog. I didn't even. I have to get the small dish. I see. Okay. Okay. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the 182 wireless line. I'd like to see Buffalo beat Boston and Leeds Beat Pittsburgh and Buffalo in the Leeds in the, you know, in the finals for these in conference. And then against Detroit. Anybody thinks Dallas is going to be Detroit. I think I knew for a Dallas, why not even be Chand Lewis. Anybody care about any of this? No. I knew they didn't. Not a hockey time. Man, it's not a basketball town. It's not a football town. It's not a baseball town. It's not a cricket town. It's not a soccer town. It's just a dead ass town. Here's a mobile and pop in. Hello. You. Yes, sir. You know what it is. It's Spanish town. Is that what it is? Yes. Hey, can I mention the teamwork? Me, me, what? The Panthers. No. Okay. Why do you want to do that? Well, I was just going to make a mockery if there are ways of crisis. Which, of course, bigger than me. No, no. Sorry. And I brought it up three times today. Got the letter yesterday. I went through the whole song in a day. I read the stuff on there. The organization. Nobody cares. Okay. I asked, how come they didn't do a survey on there? If things that people were happy or unhappy about the new place. Nobody cares. And they know that you don't care. And they know they can get away with whatever they want to do. So please don't waste my time because nobody in a town gives a crab. It's like everything else. They have no passion for anything. They'll show up because their lives are boring. They got no place else to go. It's a good convenient location. It's safe to go there. Yadiyada. Yadiyada. Stay know nothing. Come on. Hit somebody. There you go. That's the epitome of what you see at that place. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Yes, sir. We'll show you a little fan I am at the 20 years. I'm on a hold since I left 10 bookpines. And I'm approaching the highly erratic. Yeah. He's at 85 seconds. That's enough to one. But anyway, the caller about the aquapocal. Tell this kid to listen to his wife. It is gorgeous time, man. No, why does he want to bother you? No, why does he want to bother you? The weather is absolutely gorgeous. They're in the air. Yeah. Every, you get a little rain. Later in the day. Maybe 15 minutes have stopped. Every day is like the day before. Absolutely gorgeous. Great. The fish in the swam and everything is wonderful. So tell this kid that gives wife's advice. Okay, God bless you, sir. And listen to all the 20 years, Neil. All right. Sorry, sir. Bye. Five, six, seven, there. Good. The aquapocal he says. You'll have a great time. It's wonderful. The casino is here. The best. The hotels here. Never. Something like that. The beaches there. How about the cousin? Right in the thumb of Mexico there in the peninsula? Yeah. All the agglom always go to cousin mail. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound, 5, 50 on the 18, T. They go there because it's close. Is there any other reason to go there? No. You can't give me a place more boring to go than cousin mail. All the way, I've never been there. boring. Here's a mobile and forlaterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. But aquapocal. If he's going that far, it's going to go to Porto Viatza instead. Porto Viatza? Porto Viatza downtown is like a pretty with no cliffs. Beautiful. Nice walking areas. Great hotel. Too many could have been Hollywood squares. Maybe we were one of those free trips a year ago. Remember they always used to give away trips to Porto Viatza? Yeah, but they suck at not a default hotel. All the new ones that look like condo Canyon. Right. Doubtown is very charming. Almost to your feet and square. You like it. A lot of Germans there. Oh, OK. Germans. People from California. It's a beautiful place. And very laid back. You can be up until the morning walking around. It's wonderful. OK. Now, I'm going to let them not be here for you. On my way. Thank you, Neil. I'm OK. OK. Five six seven. We're now getting our Mexico spy reports. We don't have any messages here. But we're finding out from some great people. I actually get on a plane and get out of here once in a while, which isn't enough. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Pond five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Second-firing caller. Eight-year listener. Just had a couple of quick observations. Number one. George. Did an excellent job. And all these goons were calling up. Said it was like fingernails on the chalkboard. Why don't we even need to go to school? Yeah. Hey, what happened with the Vegas? Yeah, yeah. Just a month ago when you're in Vegas. When I was in Europe, you mean? Oh, my God. OK. See, I can get in Vegas. Oh, oh. Hey, listen. I just wanted to know Fort Myers was on the map. Because we got the WF now. Wrestling at the Ever Blades Arena. And all of us were PD used to kick ass. You remember that, James? Haven't a bad day because the marlins aren't on TV tonight. And I had just one quick question. Yeah. Even consider living in Las Vegas. Let's say if you're a 20 minutes or so. No. OK. I would lose my ass. I could. I just couldn't handle it. I mean, I'm not addicted to gambling now. But I think if I live there, I just couldn't handle it. You'd have to be retired 80 years old and playing classified golf. I'd have to have about 80 million in a stash to weigh. I can dig it. OK. I think lots. See, playing little put put. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp. I mean, I love Vegas. But there are a lot of places I love. But that doesn't mean I necessarily want to live there. Like Berlin. Oh, by the way, here's the Jocacce fellow. Just in time to see Treyachman's picture. What? Oh, and of course, when I was at it, oh, he's got his, you won't be able to see his speed. He's got his sneakers on there. What? Well, why do you look away? Like you're having a version to that. That's Treyachman. That's Trey the boy would have a big smile on his face. I don't know if it's real or not. We know how they superimposes. It looks to strangely fake to me. But nevertheless, can we be absolutely positive? And then here's the picture. Can you see that one from in there? You've got to see the caption on that. It's going to go stick it in the control room. Yeah, stick both of these in the control room, by the way. The one on the bottom is a picture of how guilty got his job. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Just a bundle of laughs about here today. Boys and girls, we got feet. We got all kinds of body parts. Okay. Some of them smell good. Some of them not too good. If you use the cell phone, you're thinking about getting one. Mobile one has got an offer. You don't want to pass up. Mobile one is offering the new Erickson digital cell phone, which is sleek or in smaller than most phones and valued at $199. But it's yours for free in a special deal. For a limited time with this mobile one offer, you can afford that cell phone even if it's a second phone for the family. Listen to this all-in-one cell pack you can get for the incredible unbelievable astonishing price of only 99 cents a day. You get the free Erickson digital cell phone. You get unlimited free calling nights and weekends. You get 30 free monthly pig minutes of calls, caller ID, free Florida roaming, and free date of detailed billing. All of these things were just 99 cents a day. So, call them today. Mobile one at 1-800 phone and one and check out the all-in-one offer that is unbeatable anywhere in the world. The special is only in Mobile one and for a limited time for only two. What do you say? You heard it. So, caller, why was waiting for you to sneeze? Call 1-800 phone and one today for Mobile one. This is 560 UAFs. The lotion in the basket. Well, we're 10 over here and I've done over here. Won't be over, no man, don't be home. Right, though. The five-door lift and move that bill. The required days that these two empty. The keys of these is just dead. Think that it's painless. But like a face man, I'm so enjoying it. If these like a pain, it'd do me a ride. The three-hand thing to ride. You're the one inside this old thing. Think like a pain, it'd do me. Well, say that you prayed. The sunglasses I just gave me. Make the hair up on that sand straight up. Now, while the real food burn, got my tongue off in your roof burn. Please add a few thousand feet to your food burn. I got a foot test fee to be seen. The print's on the number two. I heard you kneeling, chacha. But I preferred you do me a ride. If these like a pain, it'd do me a ride. Okay. The three-hand thing to ride. You're the one who needs to be seen. You've turned. Think like a pain, it'd do me. Yeah, put away that K-Wild's darling. I'm going inside. Just me. I'll burn her to you. Think you're not silly. When I have to see real door to booth, or to you, then I watch it all out with the night's on through. When what I do, please miss feeling like a man. You'll find it hard to sit down and I get done with your chance. Think like a pain, it'd do me a ride. We didn't paint their body. You're the red shining on the feet. Burn the light bulb. Think like a pain, it'd do me a ride. Think like a pain, it'd do me a ride. All right. Don't be here, say it up. Just come down. Here's the fact that this is Mexico sucks. It's a dump, nothing but poverty, it's easy and corruption. I hate it every minute of my trip there. So it's this fact. Well, by the way, speaking of a tip and trip, did we ever get that stock tip from that guy that called yesterday? No. It was going to fax me over to one of the facts number. It was at his big stock tip that I get it. No. Well, it's just there's only two places we're visiting south of the border. Costa Rica and Buenos Aires, both of which are very European societies. And the guys are pretty there too. If you assume that the guys in the women are what we don't know what they're. So there's the straight poop on that. I mean, these people call you know, walk a polka. Maybe you know, some of these people maybe were not a polka 20 years ago, 40 years ago. But I have a feeling because everything I'm reading about Mexico is bad, real, real, seriously bad. I mean, when you have to go to any kind of a country, get off a plane at the airport and hop into a cab and hold your breath to see if maybe anybody's ever going to see what your possessions again. That's not my idea of travel of tourism. How about a trip to Beijing right now, son? Good huh? Beijing Beijing? Peking? Here's a pepper prime, Philan. I'm already. Yes, sir. Okay, coming back line eight screw up again. Are they ever going to do anything about line eight? No. Okay, I said, I don't want to get all worked up about it, but the phone company sucks. The phone company blows. Phone company, there you go. Los Grande's Madacones. Phone company. They just can't get it right. They can't get their ass together. You got just a handful of lines here. You think that, you know, you come in and do a radio talk show. The phones might work. Like, you know, most days, not every day, just most days. Do they work? No. Fort Lauderdale. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, you don't. Okay. Yes, is that the same Ricky Martin on the Sabers French connection? Yeah. It was week the first time. Okay. We'll week the first time. And a guy called now and a half ago with that material. 560, 50560, but now all of a sudden they're big hockey fans. And pound finds 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and dear feel, hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. You told me to find a young young and stable master in Amsterdam. I found a young young, but could never find a stable master. How could you not find it? I don't know. I asked her, but I know we can't believe the world was. So, on the road to Vaseline. I ran across from the police station. Oh, my God. What's wrong with that? I'm going back in November. Really? You're in Colombe? Well, how long before we go on to Colombe? So, how did you like Amsterdam? I like Amsterdam. Right. Amsterdam is fabulous. Yeah. I try to get twice a year just to keep my sanity. Okay. But Amsterdam is the best. I've been like a long time. How long is a beautiful city? It is fabulous. Have you ever heard of Bodden Bodden? Have you ever heard of Bodden Bodden? Yes. Have you ever been there? No. Worth the trip. For what? For rest and relaxation and whatever. Yeah. That's the journey. Place where they go to party. But what kind of part of the country is it in? How are the houses, Quar? See, I heard those things about Colombe. You know, about a wild and crazy place. And even though it's a beautiful city in the food there was very good, by the way, some of the best who ever had in Europe. And it's a great place. I would go back. But it's not like Amsterdam. It's not that kind of a city. Yeah. I need your spot on the Bodden Bodden Bodden is very sophisticated. People are world rest. Right. Well, that's how Colombe is. Very upscale. Yeah. Somebody's got some real money in Colombe because they've got those. Just for miles you walk out of those, walking, those shopping mall kind of streets, whatever it had you had. And all these real expensive, upscale shops and well-dressed people and like living and breeding human beings. It's an amazing city. Yeah. Well, Bodden Bodden Bodden is a great town. Well, what's the trip? Okay. Well, if you call my friends at Cisco, do you speak? Yes, sir. Thank you, Neil. And have a great day. Thank you, bye. He didn't mean Cisco foods that he is. Yeah. Oh, boy. That must be what he was talking about. You know, Jeff Cohen loves Cisco foods because he likes those free trips. Okay. He's got no spot today. Just dummy up on that. Okay. Let's get some food from pizza loft tomorrow. Okay. Pizza loft Thursday. See, I'll give him a day's notice so that tomorrow he don't have to be screwing around all day. Like he is in most of the days. Five, six, seven, oh, did I mention that? Well, I was going to be on last night that I mentioned that. Oh, good. I love you, Al. But too much publicity, okay. Don't be other. Two things in life. Don't be. Don't be a brownie, Hans. And don't be a publicity, Hans. He's already famous enough. And thanks for shining us an Amsterdam, by the way. Five, six, seven, oh, five, it was at the other way around. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line. I mean, like, I'm going to go over there. I have a limited number of days vacation. Am I going to make an extraordinary effort to go see Alan Rose? Oh, good luck. You know, and every good friend Rose, every time I call his place, he says, I'm going to hell in there. Yeah. Hey, Rose, it's the arrogors. And she says, yeah. I'm going to hell in there. Yeah. So, like, I'm going to really make like an, an extra special effort to knock on at 200 times over there. Here's Naples. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How'd a question about Britney Spears? Yes. You've been talking about her a lot a couple of days. And you've also, in the past, alluded to the fact that you're gay. I'm wondering. Well, you know, it was since I've been listening. Yeah. Me for like 23 years, right? I don't know what it was. But the way you're talking about her, it sounds like, you know, you do. Or if you got the chance. If I were straight, you bet. Oh, so what if you know, you know, you know, you are, you know, you are. I mean, no, you know, can't you tell the good looking guy when you see a good looking guy? Oh, of course. So does that mean you would do them? No. No. I just think that she's one of the most amazing looking young woman I've seen in a long time. And I knew that most of the people in the audience would agree. And she's a hot number. That doesn't mean that I'm attracted to her sexually. But I think that most head of her sex. I think that all head of her sexual guys should be. And if they're not, they either got very bad taste or they're in the closet. Well, I really don't know much about her, but I have been here and you talk about her. Are you senior? I think I've seen her. My daughter's watch her on TV. Right. Do you better see? Do you better see? Do you better see? Do you better see? Do you better see? Do you better see? I mean, I make no bones about that, so to speak. But, well, yeah, she's a very, very, very, very. She's not perfect. Okay. Nobody's perfect. But compared to most of these chicks that they're always saying, look so great. I mean, most of them are crap. Yeah. But she is good. She's real, real good. Not your T. If I was, you know, even, even like a five hundred-winter scale instead of a six, I would like hop on her bones in a heartbeat. And she is the luxurious. Okay. She is the luxurious. She was having a good look down down. Look, he's not the luxurious. He's hellucious. He looks good. He's pretty. They bush them up. They've done all kind of, got to lean. I got to lean, knows how much work they've done on him. And it worked. It worked like a lucky charm. I don't know where they stuck the lucky charm, maybe in his back though. I don't know. But they brought him right off the bottom right to the top. And why is it any time I say that you just fall apart. Okay. They brought Ricky from the bottom. He was like down there, like just another, like another, like another Christian, another Shaijian, another one of those, Holy O'L. singers. And now he's on the top. Ricky always says the cream rises to the top, baby. Here's Tever Pine. Hello. Hey, how you doing? It's pretty good, sir. Look, caught up. I don't know. You tell me. Why have a few boots are like the top? The beefs? Yeah, huh? Beefs this asshole. Andy from Hollywood right there, ladies and gentlemen. A real jackass. We're having a good time today. He's got beefs. Beef on this. Okay. You're more on. We don't want to talk to you. And obviously, new those anybody else. 560, 5050, 5060 on the AT&T, why the slime? Here's a mobile and pop at O'Hillow. And I need all you're doing. Great. I hope I can do that actually in a moment ago. Yes. The only thing that's good about Mexico is can't come to have a, a place called Caliente, which you can bet harness racing, or tracing. All of us, but I'm just using Cosmelo, but can't come. And what? Isn't can't come to one of us in the thumb? It's like real close to you. Right. Correct. And you can tamtom into a. Right. But you can do all the sports betting there. And they actually take American dollars. And they book all the bets. Yeah. So it's pretty good. So, you know, if you get a nice horse, you, you know, you get $16, $17. It's nice. So you don't bet his bets and horses, of course. Who? Harry Benson. Okay. Have a nice day, sir. Kind of spoil my day by mentioning that. 560, 5050, 5060 on the AT&T. You know, this time never changes. 100 years ago, they were hunting in China. He bought Harry Benson. Here we are. It's almost the end of the millennium. And he still pop up. But what Harry Benson? You wouldn't know. Some horse monkey trainer, right? I don't know from a call. So, anyway, speaking of canned cune. It's 120, six. But what? There's nothing wrong with canned cune. Like canned possum? canned cune? canned tuna? Can't you see? Can't you see? Can't you see? Can't you see? Can't you see? Can't you see? Can't you see? Can't you see? Oh, I'm going here. Thank you. We should get ready to see the power. We can't get ready to see. And I've gone at the corner of our... Honorable Leo Z. Jalello. This is your Easter Easter night. Here's the blue little barn. And don't listen to the tendons. I swear to you, he couldn't sing his way out of a paper pantalooning. He can't think for sh**t. Right, exactly. I know up until today, up until whoever bought, who was it that brought this? Tony, the tyrant. Tony, the tyrant. I keep forgetting our good close person. Our restaurant. I told Tony to tell your brought the new Ricky Martin CD in here this morning. And let that which created a lot of materials. So a lot of idiots could call and say, Mardi Cone and a lot of interesting people too. But at any rate, I never realized just how bad he is. Because I never paid any attention to him. I mean, okay, so he looks good. Now what? 126 at 560WQM. You know, everywhere you look, there's some kind of a beeper store. Beeper this. Beeper that. Beeper your, you know, but there's only one beeper store that guarantees the lowest prices in the world. Not of course, our good close friends at Beeper Mania. So go ahead and want to Albert's 30-6 locations with six of Mal and Broward County. And check out the latest deals on the Beeper View Choice. Check this out. A free connection in one year of service for just $12. Sounds too good to be true, but it is. Or if you don't already own a beeper get a new page and one year of service. All of these things for only 59.99. Beeper Mania will absolutely positively not be undersold. They've got all types, all models, all colors. Be safe. Keep an eye on your family friends or business with Beeper Mania. 36 locations, 59.99 for a new page with one year of service. Or just 12 bucks a, let me say it again. 12 dollars for 12 months with your own people. So, so, uh, mind bogging that I almost can't get it out. I'll price you a crowd tax in last month. Call Beeper Mania right now and check it out in date County calls 305. 3-8-7-11-11. 3-8-7-11-11-11-11-11. In Broward call 9-5-4-4-3-8-3333. 4-3-8-3333 when it comes to bepers. They're unbeatable at Beeper Mania. This, this boss in our show is brought to you by Boo Boo Boo Boo. A little video on each titty and we're talking of 40WD. And they all knew Paul Mal. Because love and lonelyness go hand in hand. Remember Paul Mal. Now back to our show. R-E-C-P-I-O-N. If the record's on, I'm gonna kick up my shoes. Drift off my dress. If make me wet when I see you can. Up big, air-wrecked up. Up, set to, big four-mile mouth. My body hurts in every end of top of you. And take it up my lubricated poop to. Give me an air-wrecked up and nail me through the wall. A r. R-E-C-P-I-O-N. I want to drink your ball. I want your lab to call me out when you do a door to me. And that'll give it a blow. In the morning it's just, oh, it's big asses. At least until you take up the sub-on-one dress on the surround. You're closing too. And make your wonder more of a flow with food. That's on the red. And it's on the circle side. Oh! R-E-C-P-I-O-N. I want a drink of all. One third to two is proud of this. You're a good employee. I had a lot of great calls today, but we had no votes on my in-is. I mean, the bit. Seriously, that one guy called, which I thought was just a sack religious thing, and said, please don't play that anymore because... Mine is... Mine is... It's a good pondress or something like that. I like mine. Well, I don't. 560, 560, pon-560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I heard you talking about the... CD burners and stuff. You got one and we're going to start doing that. I'm getting it, yeah tomorrow. The thing is to be sure that you do is get the record, everything, and a 44.1 kilo-vert wave file. If you don't, it won't play on a CD player for you. Okay. Whatever he said. Do we know what he said? No, but we agree. Whatever you said. 560, 560, pon-560 on the AT&T. I'm not doing it on a computer. I'm doing it off the computer. I'm doing like a separate... Apart. In another room. Far away from the computer as I can get. 560, pon-560 on the AT&T wireless line. I know there are a lot of repressed people out there. They want to talk about that round ball about that national bad-blown association. You'll have your chance of 20-6 minutes. Okay. Or a little bit after two whenever Hank shows up. What? We got a... he doesn't want to run the office pool. He understands what I'm talking about. It's kind of a fun thing. Is it going to be Hank? Is it going to be Clarence? Is it going to be a lot of none? He's going to tell a little bit. He's going to tell a little bit. He'll be Josh. Who will it be? Cory? By the way, you know it's Cory. Don't come and say hello to us any more since we have the vacation. Oh, there you go. That's the reason why. Because he was ripping hell out of those sports nerds. I wonder before he left. 560, pon-560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a temper of pine. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I was in Hall before, but you couldn't pick up line number eight for some reason that line doesn't work. That line is well sometimes it's good sometimes it's bad. Okay, yes. I want to quote this morning, but a person might stick with several on run out. And I want to give you two cents on Ricky Martin. See? Is he still okay? Sure. Okay. Ricky Martin is in Marica. Ok, no, no, no. I'm not. One of Marica with paprika. He's a great guy because he doesn't like the Greek. He doesn't like the ring. He doesn't like the ring. Okay, okay. Okay, okay. No, we'll carry the way there. And George isn't paying any cents. He's the guy who went over the church. Ricky, pushy baby. Oh, man. I'm serious. I mean, stop. Please. The pain is so great. I'm serious. Stop. Please. The pain is so great. Jay Zann. Oh, Ricky. Poor baby. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. I was going to suggest that you might want to take a look at the U.S. Packard 82 or 8210, 8200. You can get it Costco for $2.99. It replaces the model that used to sell for $3.99. It just came out. It's a fast system. Very fast. We absolutely, that's on the market right now. And that's the one I'm going to get for myself. And I read up on these things before I buy them. Yeah. So I wouldn't go for a film of something like that. So let's never cut on in this country. They're very plain Jane machines and stuff. I would either go for a human packer or Yamaha or a Sony spraza. If you look at Packard is the fastest one right now. And it's got a lot of things on it. And if you pick up a copy of PC world, you can go online and find out what programs to use, what software to use to get pops and clicks out of old records. If that's what you want to record. Because that's what I'm going to do. Also, I have a lot of LPs and stuff. Well, I do two of them. I do two, but I don't have a turntable that works. I have an turntable that's not really that old, but it has worked in a long time. And I figure why you've been wasting my time getting it six. Well, if you have a little bit of security. Yeah. I'm going to tell you about the things that you can't listen to anymore. Right. I've got to put a 1 CD borrow a turntable from somebody. Good point. And put them on CD and then you got it for 20, 30 years. Got only knows. And you're right. Okay. Thanks, pal. Thank you. See. There we go. We're starting to get it as heavy duty stuff now. Baby, everybody's got to have a CD burner. Let's burn one y'all. That's what Clarence Thomas said. Let's burn one, baby. You're burning the CD. You can burn one. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. 5605050, 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. So, Joe Castello had a very upset when we had that nude picture of a turntable with his F**k on his knee. And I'm talking about that. So, yeah, he just, he has been so repressed. You think it might be that Catholic upbringing? Uh-huh. Must have been something very repressed. I mean, first it's the feet thing and then we find out he's shaving his nuts. He's a good one to talk about pictures like that. Here's a guy that runs around bragging that he's shaving his nuts. And he's worried about a phony naked picture of twigmen, which isn't a tridentman Chants in hell at his rear end. And even if a war-hoo to help him care, here's a mobile-o-palakah. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello, Neil. How are you? Great. Neil, I've been listening to Yuma Chuk-Jawas. So, we have to excuse this person. I've never called her radio station. But I just want you to know. I've shown you a radio show and I was not, and I was thought to make it about several months ago. Yes, sir. You could be on this epinous show with phony guy. You could talk about buffalo oil or cow. Yeah, Henry. Yes, sir. I heard him and I was told maybe he's very excited not there. I just wanted to call you, sir. Are you sure? It's a hello TV and I really enjoy your radio show. You're very amusing and I get a lot of entertainment. And God bless you, sir. Okay. So, you have a good day. And have a great life. Thank you. Okay. 22 before 2 at 5. 16. If you're a mess, always should have a good day to say to somebody. Have a great life. I bless you. May the Lord keep you. The good Lord will and any of those corny phony balloony things about furry tails. Just say, have a great life. I always say it. And I say, what do you mean by that? 5.670560, pound 5.660, on the AT&T Wireless line as we continue searching for the ultimate truth about Ricky Martin today. Yeah. Yeah. Remember this. That girl's going to make this call. I mean, then what the word is that it comes to mind. The voice that he's putting on the mere, the voice, the whole thing. How could anybody listen to that and say it's a hit. You know what I think? I think they let the first letter off of that word. When it said hit. They left off the as in, but. And this is, it's not a subjective thing. I mean, that's the fact. It's not just because I'm saying, it's the fact. That song sucks. It blows. It's garbage. I'm saying it's a fact that song sucks it blows its garbage Only people that would eat like tons and tons of vanilla ice cream could possibly listen to that More than once and if it if it came on a radio a second time I would like blow the radio out of my dish I'm getting soaked up just thinking about it how bad it is Barack loves to watch moves and butts and boiting the following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rifle Association Let's face most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful And that's pretty damn depressed, but as usual with every problem there is a solution Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handcuffs They scare their shit out of team intimidate them and it giving you whatever you want That's right handcuffs think about it needs some cash. Robo bank don't have enough money for fear All the convenience Thanks chips and pretzels wire in it's all free. You've got a handguns Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill him to simple solution a life complex props Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares by the dancing of the street I a lot of handcuffs the great alternative to working problems out if he considered a population control Yes, and God they just might make it thanks 145 at five 60 wq. I'm a so glad I brought up this thing about the CD burn not well I'm glad in the fact that I'm gonna get one tomorrow, but I'm you know, it's always the same thing It's like if I would have brought up the thing on the ear about the camcorder Instead of having Gary Surner, well, at least Gary Surner came by and offered to do something for me Give me a great price at such a place Because John penis you don't come by here, okay, and you hook me up with any physical you don't come by here period He just a loss. Oh, we don't see him at all But if I would ask about that instead of getting a big heavy thing that Jerry Surner got me at You know that weighs about five pounds and then you put it in the case in a weighs about eight or nine pounds And if we're gonna go on vacation and so last thing you want to do is slipper I like slumping around another suitcase like another piece of a luggage And I wanted like a real small lightweight You know what I wanted that would like a 35 millimeter camera that weighs almost nothing that you could even pop in your suitcase But you know, so that's what happens when you jump into something before you check out all the possibilities and you know But I'm jumping into what again. I'll probably be sorry. Here's Davy. Hello Hello, here. Oh Here's a mobile and del Rey B. Chill out. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was just going about the A song about what? Oh, my name is. Yes, yeah, I think they got confused earlier about the other one that you play the real song my name is Yeah, we're just stuff you have a beat to it. You'll see talking a lot. No, I think he was talking about my Inus we see something that he's got something they're talking about my inus. I think that's great But I think it itself. I could say that's no shrippy. Yeah, shrippy. Yeah Okay, have a great day sir. Whatever you say five six seven. Oh five six the pound five six these smells like tuna Pomp five sixty on the AT and T world of slime his Hollywood hello I think it's a smell funky funky. Yeah. Yeah. I want to switch gears when I Ricky Martin thing topic China. What's going on? What's going on at that? We're over there. We made a mistake. Obviously They assumed it was a marathon. What now? Well, that is that they're whipping them up into a friend unit If they wanted to protest against their own government they'd all get Praffle in a way like didn't you know in square? But as long as they're starting up against us and burning your FD's in all this other crap They're saying oh, I go to of you know just how they're all standing around watching this crap go on And if you're just a NATO they didn't even know which missile was a ruthless missile that's at NATO They immediately send you to the US right. That's that's crazy. I mean we're over there You know how many imports we have the same bait and China over here right two damn many two damn many All right, it's not even funny I mean in the meantime in the meantime the regime screwed up election campaigns is stealing nuclear secrets But other than that they never stole a freight train and then their burning signs of the comparing Clinton to Hitler right at the day and do they have a clue three people got killed the embassy if the tragedy Okay, we're helping rebuild it, but there's a hundred thousand missing men to put what 15 or 50 over there Right and coast of what they're missing not to mention a million people without any place to live right under comparing And imagine all the hundreds of thousands of women that are being raped We're trying to we're trying to stop that yeah, well, I urge every Chinese American or I'm sorry American who's born in China. Yes To call and get on the email internet if you can email over there and tell them hey, you know You're country's feeding you a little crap or just get on the advocacy and figure it out for yourself. Yeah, okay And then you know if you guys would come up with some new maps over there and you were slavia We wouldn't have to be making all these mistakes, you know They stopped at a shelf station. They got a map and they said hey this looks like a place we want to bond this looks like a place A And it turned out to be placed here. I see like as in Chinese embassy Is anybody believe that? No, of course not Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey this thing We're Ricky Martin Ricky Martin is hot. He's rich and it's a bunch of jealous Cubans here in Miami Oh, well, not in this guy just because he's a rick-in just because he's a rick-in, amen right on pal This does you can't say you know Problem with that Something I haven't eaten anything all day and I still want a throw just listening that that that's how bad that is That's how horrible. I mean I always before I was like kind of neutral about Ricky Martin like you know I could take him or leave me looks good, but he couldn't sing but I mean now it's like I'm starting the turn You think maybe we've been a little hard on Ricky today 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT and T wireless line All those Puerto Ricans are sitting out there. They're rubbing it right now They got their Ricky Martin held them in their hand and then one hand and got only knows what they got in their other hand Maybe they're yeah, and why not hey to reach its own okay? Whatever turn it cranks your chain whatever turns your You want to go to a great Tuesday season next You