Better to supply sometimes what I say you want to help duff out So I will help kneel out so we're at here a little bit early form. Do I have to work time? Don't say we never gave you anything Neil is 9.59 But yes, what I like really you we back to spot track down nice all in the 5.6 W2AM Miami board water bill presents the Neal how about a guy that you should drop me so you hold on 5.6.7.0.5.60 toll free for David Broward Or count 5.6.4.60 Or just a couple of year old size okay his guest callers are anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beasy we've acquisitions or the beasy drug cast group now Neal Rogers on sports radio 5.6 VQA Mother fucking place and just a fucking jump There paints I don't thank You used to watch me shave now you do the stare at the floor Don't dare penis I don't like No You used to be you who made a paper towel in a dirty bag That's all we needed to get back Yeah Now it seems things change that I think that you're the one who's lying there paints I don't bad In your own No They're right I don't think I'd like When you get to drink She put me like you've never been the worst hair running I don't like Why can't we just get a grip on our man the hand release And Time to turn for truly how we feel If we put our hats together Just stay home forever Stay your pain I don't think I'd like to last a roll Oh and runny Wow your shaving shave All right, I've got a one of five sixty WQA and this mother fucking place is just a fucking joke Amen. See I hate to break the news to Joe Rose But you know Joe being the ex-jockey a hate portrays himself You know what this image like most ex-jockey is being mr. Macho Mr. Manly etc And so on but I'm like Joe number one I didn't go screaming in the yelling who would guy that basically got nothing to do with this I went to our program director I said get off your duck And so he got in touch with the water not see who of course is our traffic lady And we got it straightened out without screaming without yelling without getting suspended How do you like that? We're not even getting suspended Joe Yeah, we got those extra spots crashed off because we can't do like a 11 minutes response in a 15 minute period Or whatever they were trying to stick in there, you know because that goes back to screw in again Our sales manager screw in and what did I tell her that one day? I said if it was up to you you'd run 50 minutes in an hour If I let you get away with it and she said Uh-huh Sure they would because you got to understand no matter how see this is just what I said when we were at I Oh, we could sell every minute of every day forget about any programming Which would sure cut down on salaries. We could cut down sell every minute of every day And we still would be losing money because we got to pay those 7 million a year to the for the broadcast right because Greg's got a hobby It's like paying for somebody's got a drug habit a booze habit a drug habit. He's got a sports habit Like some nuns have a habit We work for a guy He's got a habit. He's got an ST habit And it's sports nerds ball games the marlins, which we got a marlin game today. How do you like that? Oh, you like it? No. Some of you probably do Expose in a marlin. There you go another biggie. They said 9,000 some yesterday If there's anybody who was at the game yesterday, can we get a real count on how many people were actually there? Because if my memory serves correctly actually at a pretty nice day yesterday Didn't rain anywhere didn't know it was actually a pretty decent day yesterday Marlins lost 5, 3 last night and 12 30. We got the three game water clock the expose and a marlins are closed out there series the toilet bull Anybody in the audience with their yesterday call us immediately. Not sooner or let us know how many people really worth the ball game last night 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line So Hank will be on after the game at about 415 it says here and then the 5, the 6 we got the Bino cook What's Hank? Why do we have that? Huh? Why does he do that? Is there any special reason why we do that that we have this Fino hurricane hotline at 6 at all? No. You know who we have at 8 o'clock tonight? Have you taken a look at the schedule? Oh my god. 8 to 10 o'clock tonight and capitalism's got to follow Joseph Gaket tonight and I bet you're not going to be too happy about that. He probably rather followed on Marlin game. Look at this we don't have one person in this audience that was in the Marlin game last night not one to give us a response by report because there was probably nobody there Maybe we can have John hence you know I would swear last weekend. I saw John here. We are young street in downtown Toronto with a tin cup Spirits and change Mr. I swear that was him We are from P. Looking guy we also yeah, that was probably one of them WQA Marlin line. Yes sir. Yeah, I only figured out what your problem was. Okay good 560 5050 pound 560 on the 18 T. Royal Sline what? You know that was me. I know who it was. So it was at the screw union guy? No that was Andy. No wasn't. It wasn't. No it was not. So you're getting a tone deaf now. What? WQA in? Yeah Neil. Let him go. Yes sir. I want to assist me street live last night. I guarantee you there was 50 times more people there. Yeah, I was at the Marlin game. It was probably Marlin. We can't find one person who was at the Marlin game last night that he gives us a spire report. Thank god. Okay. Bye bye. I should ask him if he was psyched for that game coming up this afternoon. By the way, why are you answering those don't do that? I heard a spire report was listening to Hank yesterday and he said it was going to attract us night and he said we had a call from John Henry earlier. And he said, you know John Henry's problem is he's too nice of a guy. And in the way and I didn't hear the interview or the phone call or whatever went down here. But I got to this stinking feeling that there was a little bit of a suck up job that went on there. I hope I'm wrong because I know Hank's been ripping him and asked just like I've been all the time. And I certainly hope that when John Henry called in on here and Hank showed that Hank didn't, you know, do a Larry King on him. I suck around too much. Here's a mobile in summary. Hello. There's no fact in the church. See, you've put that one on hold and he still had no material. This, this is amazing. This is astonishing. Not one person in this audience was at the Marlon Gink and he were preempting. Primetime middle of the day, we got a scratch out of spots. See, we're not only losing money on a broadcast piece, but also on the chunk of the daytime that these games are taking out like two days ago, like two days. When we had that big double header, you know, the day that we're 91 people were there by actual company, and we went down over the team and ate more professional scouts. WQAM. WQAM Marlon Hotland. How was it again? You were at the game? Yep. And I was working so I can't type, but there's maybe 1200 maybe. Maybe. Yeah. Counting, I'll do concession people. I wasn't concession, but TV type. Oh, okay. Maybe. That's the beginning of the game, maybe 800 by the middle of the game, maybe 12 third. They came streaming in like two at a time. Oh yeah. Okay. Thanks. Okay. There you go. Finally. It was one of the AT&T crew people. Oh my god. And this man wants money for a state of mouth. Some spy reports on if anybody heard John Hemie calling on Hank show yesterday. And Primetime. I don't want you to make up stories. Okay. Because I know we got a lot of people. I want to take a gratuitity shot at Hank. You know. And say, oh yeah, he really sucked up to John. I don't know. He just said, in listening to what he said and going out about he's too nice of a guy. And he doesn't have the connections that Wayne had. And he just, you know, not cut out for this. What I was certainly agree with that. He had cut out for it. He's a nerd. But that would be very interesting. I would think. Eight minutes after 10. We got a lot of spots today. We got to get them all in here by 12. 30 because we got to get out of here. And all we care about is the spots. Just keep in mind. I'm the one that told you that we got to get in the goddamn spots. Because that's what's important is spots revenue revenue. And by the way, don't tell anybody about the facts. Some people still didn't get their bonuses. George got his bonus. Anybody else get there? No. From the spring book, the name by Alfred. There's. And his Hank told yesterday. What he was going on about. His mother. In place is just a. In joke. He had a was sent. Blocked to the bank to the deposit. His uh, stub or whatever that. How could we? How they do it? Because it's direct deposit, which was supposed to be on Monday. Well, I guess maybe the beastly became Jewish on Monday was young. But you know, of course, I don't know what to use that makes for Tuesday. But nevertheless, yesterday was Wednesday. Last time I checked and people are supposed to get their direct deposit on Monday. Some of them a whole bunch of them didn't get in and so yesterday. You don't think that's because we couldn't cover those text to you. You don't think that's because we're a poor mouth. He would all these millions and millions that are pouring through his place. And all the spots we kick about bombarding you with. You think that might be it because all that money's going to weigh in John Henry? Oh, oh. Like I always tell you. This is you know what's like it's like a man putting a new surround his neck. It's like if you gave somebody a brand new Lamborghini and a million dollars in cash. And instead of like having a good time, he just put a new surround his neck. That's what this man has done here. You know, Greg, we need to got it. The Joe Rose will suck it up to this one. Nine minutes after 10 at five, 60, WQM. Joe's a support even loves Neil Rodgers. I love a car. I love you in Guacomoli. When you never I'm lonely. I hurt you a man. If you're a hard one, you know that I need you tender. I don't know your gender. But you're my little friend. We'll never since life won't be the die. I love to see your warm inside. Your clean and slimy and I love you so. Like sparkles lovers, we both are covers. When I shot the lights, you're the closest thing to Joe's job. That I know. I love a car. You understand my problems. You don't make me the way most of those vegetables. And it's my one hip-hop. Today Lord knows I adore her. Don't get lost in order. God love his son. You just pass me up and call her. And I lie lie lie lie. Who? I love you. Don't come up with any of those corn you're lying about. What do you get when you cross a vegetable with the fruit and like, you know, Truman Capote. 1015 at 560 WQM. George tells me that the color online one is probably that asshole Andy from Hollywood. So if you hear like that we've hit the dump button in here and you don't hear a voice it'll probably be because it's Andy and Hollywood. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes. Over at the stadium there. Did you have these seats over there? This isn't Andy from Hollywood. Hello. Yes. Yeah. I'm disappointing. Hello. Let me say it again. Hello. Yes. I'm over at the stadium now. Yeah. And I'm wondering where the- What are you doing over at the stadium at 10 o'clock in the morning? I'm getting tickets. tickets for what? Dolphin. Oh, Dolphin. I thought you were going to a Marlon game. You scared to hell on him. No, I'm wondering where the seat pizza confession is. What's the pizza? In the orange bull. Who said who said- who said- in the orange bull? I'm sorry. The jar-erob is stadium. Where's the steves' pizza confession? Who said there was one? Well, this must be the guy that caught with the complaints about steves' pizza that day. Is that who this is? No. Okay. What makes you think there's a steves' pizza in there? I'm the guy that called you a couple days ago. Yeah. About wondering when the hurricane of four caches are going to be up there with their army ass and they're up there with pencils. Yeah. Trying to get that hurricane out of the air. Yeah. And I don't know. I'm not going to have it. You still haven't taken the cure. You're still acting like an asshole of that. I'm not acting like an asshole. What are you talking about? What words are coming out of your post? We only, you know, something I hate to say this, but I wish you would have been handy for Mollywood because then I couldn't just dump it. I mean, did that guy have anything coherent to say? No. Of course he's over at the ballpark by and tickets for some ballgame. No, spy reports on the Humper yesterday. Well, I told you there's no crossover in this radio station. There's more shows which you're on beginning to believe is 100% accurate. No crossover. None. Because I would feel really I'm sure that Hank didn't kiss you. He didn't do like a rim job on John. That would be bad to find that out. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. Another good reason to donate to 1700 the fame at 1230. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. There you go. That must have been more land those are more testies. Is that who that was? I think so. And by the way, I did tune into 1700 the Waffen was the yesterday during one of Hank's 10-in-a-commercial breaks and bad. Or bad would be a compliment for them. They're in embarrassment. You talk about a sports bar with a microphone. A bunch of, let's not like a guy dim one of those fraternities we were talking about with a microphone. So I'm like a play little grab ass. I think Jim Barry was the pivot man. I mean, just a lot of incoherent cramp. Oh, how about those Haitians, by the way? On Rurali ending at Lockhart. See, this goes with the territory. If there's a soccer game, there's got to be some kind of a brawl. Or at least there's some kind of an abword behavior. Because the game itself as we all know is so God dim boring. Nobody with a brain would go pay a go see a soccer game. It was supposed to be a friendly. And what is there any other sport in the world where they call a game a match? A friendly? No, no. But this was a friendly between the fusion and the Haitian national team ones. The night lockhart stadium. With 30 minutes and 25 seconds left in a match in the fusion leading one. Nothing. It was anything but friendly. Referee Greg Watson angered the crowd of 12,400 partisan Haitian fans by waving off an apparent Haitian girl by Eddie Caesar. The end is brother Julius. The reaction that ensued turned into frenzy is fan. I wonder if he's related to what's his name? Flavio. The reaction that ensued turned into frenzy is fans began throwing plastic water bottles and garbage cans onto the field. The referees quickly exit into the field. They got that a lot of there. And then of course the referee being very dumb got on the bus and the apologize. There was only water rest for disorderly conduct and no injuries. And that it's no fun. If you're going to have a soccer brawl, you got to have at least 20 or 30 arrested and a minimum and couple of people get killed anyway. Right? But of course you know those Haitians, man. Yeah, let's talk about the Haitians today for a couple hours. That sounds like a real good idea to me. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50. Let's talk about these amazing things. Number one called garbage cans. Number two called soap. All these tremendous things that would be fantastic to introduce like in little Haiti. God, might make us all get along a lot better. Here's a pop at a, hello. Hey, good morning. I'm here to work with you. Yeah, great. I don't want anybody in trouble, but the humper, let's just put it this way. It was about the same interview as the but steely kind of you. When he went, hey, listen, I'm going to slam him and nothing happens. And he sucked up. It was a Hoover. Oh, no. It was a Hoover. So to the point that John ended it says, let's have dinner or something like that. Oh, no. Another suck up job. Have a good day, buddy. Oh my God. I'm so goddamn depressed. I could blow my brain down. Another one of these quietly suck up jobs. What a nice guy here. I don't understand that. Why don't want to so much of that, go on in this video, stay. You know, it's easy to rip somebody behind your back, but like, you know, to their face when you got him right there in front of you. Like I like today that what Mark Benson called an other show and I ripped him an ass. Remember what he's tried to suck up for their old Henry Burro show. Oh, how's Henry doing by that? Oh, still working out wine, I guess. I mean, I just don't understand that anybody can do that. Why not just say, you know, John, Henry, you're an asshole and we are resentive fact that you're taking up all of our broadcast daytime here. I mean, not only is he taking up a lot of this prime time with these awful daytime games, which nobody is going to, but he so that compounds the problem. He's also chewing out big chunks of air times, so we're losing all of our revenue in there and having to move around the spots and take out the spots and got on knows what to do. What was the spot? So we're losing that money, plus all the money that we have to pay him for the guy named broadcast right plus that lawsuit that's going on in court back and forth and forth and back and who knows what's going to happen with that. Because they put a minor league team on a few last year and expected this radio station to pay like major league broadcast right for minor league bulk club that lost 104 games, hundred and eight games, I'm sorry. Wow, terrifying. To think I don't believe it. Do you believe that Hank could would suck up to John Henry? No, you don't. Here's Davy, hello. Hey, go in the case when you want to watch back. Okay, thanks. Hey, go on the case when my judge back. Okay, thanks. How do I get the clothes, but instead get in your bedroom. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I caught the beginning of the Hank conversation that he had with John Henry. He started off pretty strong. John Henry asked him, when are we going to have dinner? And Hank said, now I'm really too busy and too busy with football right now to be feeling with that. And then he asked John said that he wanted to start the conversation by getting some sort of new stadium and Hank answered, well, you're not going to get it here. Really? Yeah, I was like, you know, I'm sorry. I know there you go. That sounds a lot stronger to me. Then he started getting a little wish you watched. Oh, right. Well, why don't you do what they did in San Francisco and John started with a whole song in a dance and then it went downhill from there. So another decayed in is that we don't want to put words in your mouth, but it sounds to me like maybe he came in a little bit. A little bit. Yeah, he started. He started off strong, but got a little wussy there at the end. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. Sorry. So how do they go into dinner? Yeah, I don't know. Like the nut. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. There's another version of the same story. So let's see. So far we've discovered they want George back and for me to go on vacation with John's very good. I'm going to start. I'm going to practice on vacation to 1230 this afternoon, by the way. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line. And by the way, speaking of the wireless line in a mobile call is this is another part of the situation here at QAM. And we discovered that like I talked about yesterday, a lot of the mobile one people have vanished because they can't call us toll free anymore. And certainly nobody in our right mind is going to call us and pay for it on their own dime on a mobile, which I understand. And I'm going to say, if you're one of those people that had mobile ones through Bell South, which those people have all had their service chopped off, I'd call up mobile one and say, hey, just with me over to AT&T. Then you'll be able to use our AT&T lines and call us whenever you want. And that's about I think as far as I know, that's about the only way you're going to get back into that deal for the moment. Because as you know, Bell South hates me like poison and even pulled our toll free line over to IOD. Because their agency people are whoever was somewhere in their organization. They allow their personal feelings to get in the way of doing business. Which is very bad business and very stupid. But that obviously the reason that we're not too crazy about the people that Bell South unless of course maybe we got some new people. You think so? No, some new more broader minded. No, no. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello. Anyhow, how's it going? Pretty good sir. Last call it was right. I would say that he wasn't adversarial. That's for sure. But I wouldn't say it's up to either. I mean, he told Henry, he told John Henry that he wasn't going to get support on this show. And then he started giving him, I guess, examples of how they're doing it out in San Francisco and whatnot. Yeah. San Diego, I guess. San Diego. And Henry started with the battle. It was pure crap, I guess. I mean, what could the Humper say? And Edward, he's not going to really crash John Henry on the show. I wouldn't think he would do that. I mean, I think he did an okay job. Okay. I feel much better now. Yeah. You know, he's still okay. He's still got at least one. One decent and testicle. Absolutely. Okay. Thanks. Okay. There's a good news. Okay. That's good. I feel better because the way I heard Hank talking. Oh, yeah. He's just too nice of a guy. I don't think he's a nice guy. I think he's just a wolf and sheep's clothing is what I think he is. I think he's a pot. Having seen his performance on television, having seen him on the front page of both major news papers yesterday. I think they're like some kind of a group wall. I mean, a pot. I think he's exactly the word to describe what I think a John Henry. In addition to which I don't understand this business of owners calling this radio station. This is like a disease. Remember that days when Wayne, when we were at IOD and Wayne was calling this place and giving them instructions. And the day that had to come on here and take over for a few minutes because Hank was on the phone with Wayne was calling from the plane, the way in the plane, giving Hank instructions about don't say this and don't do that. That was also right around the same time when Wayne ran in the broadcast booth. The first game after he bought the team and told me that you better get your app and a fact right in pop out. And then went on that tie right. And then it said, Yeah. 26 after 10 at 5. 60 WKOM. Nick must be crazy. I must be nuts. And the fall is so quiet. Fall is so quiet. The rabbits weaves tonight. All right. I think wide off. I get inside off the knees to pale. Moonline. My song is wet. My hand is steady. I'm starting my side. So I want to kill him. Just want to dwell him. I hope his night's inside. As I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. My lipstick. My body is lipstick. And thank him for the dance. Where he's no waving. His wife's meaning. In the winter. For ranch. I I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I wemoate. I'm going to get a good friend from the mobile one that mine because I don't see. I don't get to speak to anybody. Nobody sends me a letter. Nobody explains nothing to me. You're always the impure, the intermediary. It tells us that the number one they don't owe all that money to a bell south and that was a lie that somebody fabricated and passed on to me. And number two, the 80% of their customers stayed with them and that they've all been transferred over to AT&T. What he said. So I guess we don't have a problem, right? That's the case. That's what he said. I'm just passing along what he said. Do we believe what he said? Of course. Good guy. Bible verse shows that God can hate people. Here's one of the classic letters to the editor ever written in this morning's Sun Sentinel. And it comes from Margie J. Phelps into Pica Kansas. Now you know who that is? You know Fred Phelps into Pica Kansas. The one that shows up at the infeatables of everybody who dies from AIDS or Matthew Shepherd and anybody else who might have been a fag. Margie Phelps sounds very familiar from the Pica Kansas. Right? This really, really unbelievably sick letter. And of course they don't bother identifying her in the sun. They're like usually when somebody writes a letter to an editor who's a well-known person, to any newspaper at the after they signed a name, the paper will put in parentheses. So and so is someone else who whoever they are, you know? Not identified and just, and when you listen to this, it's just, it's amazing. It'll show you how twisted in the 60s people are. On September 30, young man's letter, God doesn't hate. Claimed God does not hate homosexuals. What a shock that the Phelps will be writing about something like that. He says God hates the sin, not the sinner. He also says before writing a letter, make sure you have your facts straight. Good advice which he failed to follow. The fact is that God hates people, not disembodied sin. And the fact is that this is the person, not disembodied sin, who burns in hell for eternity. It'd be the person. You suppose the millions who died in the flood believe that God loved them, but hated their sins as they do their last gasping breads? Since the last spoke of God, we can assume he believes in God, heaven, hell and eternity, and uses the Bible as his source text. The fact is that these words are found in the Bible. When Rebecca also had conceived for the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to a election white stand, not of works, but of him that calleth, it was said under her, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated Romans 910 through 13. These words are plain. God hated Esau, the person before Esau had been born to have done any sin. He wasn't even born yet, and God hated him already. There are not enough words by misguided children or the false prophets who lie to them to wash away that simple message. If a person dies in an unrepentant state as a practicing homosexual, that person will awaken hell, that's the fact, man, nothing but the fact. There is a beautiful, lovely letter to the editor in a son sental this morning from Margie J. Phelps, Intubigio Kansas. And there is that loving God, who hates people. And you know something, she does make sense. Because if that God did exist, if all these bubble miceys were true, then that would explain my God and sent the locus and the flood and as all of these horrible things. And doesn't intervene on this and the kids and people are getting shot because he hates people. Maybe he hates all these kids that are getting shot in school and church and wherever else. If there is anybody beside the Phelps is out in Kansas, sick enough to believe that that's the kind of God that's up there who hates people, even before they're born. I love it. 560, 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and Del Rey Beach, hello. Amy, I'll hurry you. Okay, sir. You know, this justice department's thing. I thought that we already got done, two of it at the back of companies and the states were working it out and it's the federal government took their cut. You're forgetting that carpenter's son, man. We've only just begun. You know what? These people are just sweeping, sweeping civil law suit against the nation's largest tobacco companies as they're seeking you recover much of the $20 billion federal government says it's spend each year to treat smoking related illnesses and they also want to cigarette makers to give up profits that were ill-gotten through what it says were ever to conceal the dangers of smoking that go back to the 50s. As if, as if we haven't had how many years that we had that warning on the surgeon general thing? Yeah, you know what? Since before Yarsuke was a baby, I think. And you know what? I actually make permanent in the Florida lawsuit went on. And they proved that if you die from your related illness, you actually saved the government money because you don't call out your social security. There you go. It actually smoker's actually saved. It is a matter of fact instead of not giving us the tax cuts that they want to save social security instead of taking the budgets or plus and stick it in there. Why don't they just encourage people to smoke a lot more and then there will be a lot of money for all the rights of a social security who don't smoke those baggage. Well, the lawyer, the pilot should be lawyers that the chief of Buck and Ear is running our country now. They can't make any money on that deal if we do it like that. I mean, they can also just raise the taxes or you know, some of these big debt pushed democrat governors in some of these states to make tobacco illegal. Let's see what happens. Oh yeah, like it comes out of the ground. That would be good. Wow, let's see if the Democrats make it. Oh, you know, these are the same people you want to trust in taking away my guns. Okay, what they take away on the ground. Oh, I see. Well, back now we're back to which we're public in against democratizing again, is that it? No, it's not. It's the Republican suffocating. It's like a team that you're so of, but you can't stand room for many more because they can't get out of our way. They've been doing the cross. They're evil. Okay, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Just remember you heard that here first. Okay. The Democrats are evil because they want to take away his guns. I think he's got an excellent point there. Okay, we got one call on the board. We got less than two hours to kill. He'll 12 30, which I thought would be a piece of cake today, but obviously not. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, where I was lying, 22 to 11 in QAN. Those evil Democrats, that's what it is. See, the Republicans suck, but it's the Democrats who are evil and don't ever forget that. Because we want to take away his pieces. It's fair. It's joke. Hopping don't know, let's do a 540 tour. That's my brother, Rob's back, problems, he hit now more. Last thing that it told me was he better sixth straight. Don't say America is right. I'm not automatic, where's the net for Ritz's scope? Can come in mighty handy when it's getting hard to cope when the neighbors start complaining in the hour and get more light. Tell them, don't say America, right. Guns made America big and strong. No one left to save us. John Wayne's down. They're the finest thick and only in R.A. Well, I'm not saying America, right. Oh, right. If everyone more pistols, the right of crime would drop. Anything else we'd be easier, no need about a cops. So let's get armed and dangerous before it's too late. Guns made America great. Gun made America big and strong. No one left to save us. John Wayne's down. They're the finest thick and only in R.A. Tell them, don't say America, right. Guns made America great. That's 44.56. 52. And we're out our way to the Apollo 3 game. We're currently today and obviously having a tremendous impact on us here. 5.670, 5.60, Pomp 5.60. We don't have a single call on the board here this morning. Very depressing. Are we on a year by the way? No, we're just conserving any electricity. Yeah, this guy really sends me. You know, it's the same simplistic mentality. Oh, the Republican source. So if you're done with grants, what do you take away my gun? So in other words, basically, I guess we have no Republicans in favor of gun control. Is what this guy is saying. It's another Democrats are coming, liberal, picko plot to take away his guns. Man, you're pathetic. You're tragic. You're so sad. Don't you understand, they're all basically the same. They're all grave robbers. They're all taken our money and just flush it down the turlet. 5.670, 5.60, Pomp 5.60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Let's replace some of the last night's Marlon Game. Come on. Let's take a poll. How many people would like to replace some of the highlights from last night's game? I think that Joe and Dave may have actually spoken to each other once during a game. I'll lie down it. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? OK, sir. I just wanted to, I had a phone call this morning that I made just to the local government here in Miami. I haven't talked about the sports stuff. My daughter Icegate, and I called up a local skating rink here run by the city of Miami Beach this morning, and they said they have open skating, but only for children because the dog are dangerous to come into the building. Yeah. It's a local government. The way they look at things, children, we've done about the schools and this and that. No protection. If I want to come to schools and they don't know where they're coming. We're all dangerous, we're all terrible. Yeah, based on this call, I would tend to agree. I think she had a good point. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I knew. I was at the game last night. And there were no highlights, first of all. It was our first morning game. Well, I knew it's where I'm going to have, but we're going to get to the table. We're going to replay, we're going to have another double header today in just a minute here because there's no response. How do you answer this? That is a doorknay over here today. But there are definitely more than 12,000 people. There's at least 5,000 people there. That's parking lot was packed. Yeah. People were leaving at the top of the eighth. And all the action was in the bottom of the eighth. They said everything. All the people that left. Okay, Glenn, you had a good time. Thank you a lot. I've had that your imagination. And those mushrooms will do it every time. We started out with about 900 people and it got to be 1200. Now it's up to 5,000. I bet you they had like 70,000 people there last night. They just kind of showed up late, maybe a lot of them left early. And so you didn't, you know, they were all there at the same time. I bet there was 150,000 people in a goddamn P.P. Park last night for that ball game. Montreal in the Marlins. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. No. Yes, sir. The NFL chicken that's on the satellite. Is that only on direct TV? What do you mean by that? Is that the only place you can get the NFL ticket to direct TV? I haven't got any idea because that's, you said you had it. You can get it on the big dish. Oh, you can. Yes? Oh, okay. I thought I would you made a comment the other day that, you know, I got direct. I think you can still get it on the big dish. I don't know because then I have it on direct TV. So why should I? You have it on the little dish. Right. Because I know I, I, I, I, I, I, I couldn't comment that I was curious to what you get it on any other provider. What do you have a big dish? No, I don't. I don't have anything. So then what there is a man who always think, well, I, I was, you, you don't want a big dish or the becoming obsolete by the second. Believe me, you don't want a big dish. Get you the direct TV. Trust me. Direct TV. Yeah. All right. Okay. I'm telling him. You're asking him. I'm telling him that you're getting everything you want. Okay. And I assume you could provide them with an address other than the one where the dishes are physically located. No. You cannot. No. Can you tell them that it's on a travel mobile type recreational vehicle? In other words, you try to scan so you can get the dolphin games that are black down. Well, any, everything. Everything that you can't get if you're in a area where they say you're not supposed to get things like the networks and everything. Yeah, you can, you can try that. But a lot, they've caught out of a lot of people and, you know, black them out. I'm trying. All right. Why aren't you just satisfied with getting the 85 million channels that are on there right now? You get every guy dim, a hockey game, every football game, except if the dolphins are black that, which rarely happened. I mean, I don't understand. Why is it that everybody's got piracy in your hearts? And I just don't understand that. It's like back when I had my first satellite dish that I have an illegal chip. Oh, well, okay. But. And when I first got the smallest, did we try that illegal cart? I know. I didn't, you know. But why is it that everybody wants to get something for nothing? Let's roll with all this great programming that got on there. We got one right here now. Thank God. They're only contact with a real world as direct TV. See, there you go. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. I don't believe we're on here. I really know. I think that this is just to spill over from yesterday. We can't just signal the coupant possibly beyond here this morning. Here's a mobile and jupiter. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I just was wondering if you saw the Sun Sentinel today. The ingenious commentary by Kingsley Die about how we need to emulate Miami-Dade County more and Hurricane disaster preparation. Oh, yeah. And we need mayor penis. You've been wondering what you're getting me. Yeah, I have the most Neil. If I let a scene that I would have called in sick, do you have the Sun Sentinel there? Yeah. Unbelievable. We've read it. We're supposed to emulate. We're supposed to appreciate. Mayor penis is great. Hurricane preparation speeches and all that bulk craft. This is on the editorial page. Kingsley Die. Where the hell is this? Oh, here Kingsley Die. Where's the take charge leader the county needs? Mayor Pinga came across as a take charge guy. And apparently looking after the people of a county that early in the decade suffered on parallel devastation from Hurricane Andrew. A well-trained public speaker. He's a man, Boba. He has a parents love little doubt about why he's chief executive. Oh, what a bunch of what a suck-up job. This is your right. Now I do want to throw up. It's the worst guy. I mean, here's a guy who came on your first of all as Hank pointed out a few days ago that this guy, the people inside downtown. This guy got the information from the hurricane center. Don't pull out all the stops on the evacuation because we're not going to take a direct hit. It's not going to do a number on the account. And he still went ahead and spent all of that money. He wasted $1,000 a taxpayer money. And then on that Tuesday, a week ago Tuesday gets on a year, 10 30 in a morning expressing his disband to support. But the people are taking it as seriously. And they're still evacuating people. While the guy damn sun is shining and the guy damn I have the storm was parallel with Lake Okeechobee. In his guys on a year, he even tried to play the hero. And Kingsley Die gets sucked into what a jack is. Well, you're going to have a classic example of what kind of horse-crack news papers we got in his town. But I mean, we were in the woods of hysterical enough for King. We got a stand. Thank God. Thank God. We live in Broward, baby. Everybody who lives in Broward. Let's hear it. Thank God. We live in Broward. We're a country going. And the other thing. Oh my God. I was going to vomit. I want to get out of the house. I want to get out of the house. I want to get out of the house. I want to get out of the house. I want to get out of the house. Yeah. Yeah. King and Ashaw that. I always do. Yeah. Buddy Neven's probably wouldn't do happy about it. You know, anyway. Okay. Thanks for the good news. There you go. Thank God for hand. Because I usually wouldn't read King, Kingsley Die. How's it going, Guy? Who? Man. Just the first three or four paragraphs of that are enough to make you vomit for weeks. Do a current carpenter routine. Just puke every minute you've ever had in your life and start all over again. He's a take charge guy and everybody knows you. Everybody's laughing and rassal that him. Okay. Everybody knows that he's an asshole. Even a guy then cubits that he's paned to that he thinks he can stake his political future on because he's got a numbers game going for them and they kind of stay hate him like poison. They know what a funny little metacone is. Okay. He's not fooling anybody. Who got on? Man. What a stupid little Pahari to he is getting up there on a guy then TV. Oh, well, listen. We're a very distressed. You're not taking us seriously. You're not paying attention to me. Look at me. Look at me. We've got the Emirates Theirhan and Juan Medietta standing there behind him. Doing the macarena. What a fricking joke. Yeah, that's just what we need in Broward. Not. Is an asshole like him. What we need in date and Broward is a real newspaper in each county which we have neither one by the way. 560505060 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and west palm. Hello. Yes, sir. Deal. Yes, I am. Okay. Deal, I spoke with you a few years ago when you first day you were on over in St. Petersburg. I called from Okachev. Yes, sir. And I was listening to your show. I'm in West Palm, Beach area right now. And you were talking about the cigarette issue. I'd like to know why the government is soon to back cook up me when the government makes more money off the cigarettes and the back cook up me does with their taxes. Exactly. Well, come to the government's got the, all of a sudden their conscience goes right out the window when it comes to accepting that tax money. That's exactly right. And the next person who sees that the back cook up me is an individual out of shoes of the government too because they actually do make more money for a package. Exactly. And let me say it again. The tobacco companies have been subsidized. It's a back home growers have been subsidized by the government since Jesus was a baby. And then I got the nerve to talk about it and say, oh, what you're using these set of practices to con people in a hook amount of habit. How about, let me say it again, how about far more millions of people who are dying from heart disease and diabetes and all the other illnesses from all the sugar and the food products on the market out there. I don't see the government doing anything about them or taking it into court. Well, that's next probably. I hope not, but that probably is. Anyway, what ever happened to freedom of choice by the way? Whatever happened to the notion that you can pick your own poison. Give people the information and let it pick their own guy then poison if they want to smoke and get long cancer. That's up to them. Yeah, I was friend that he says the one he dies. He wants to make sure he dies unhealthy because he wants to make sure he had a good time in the life. There you go, amen. Okay. Thanks. All right, Mike. All right, syphilis, man. Not good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. That's what they tell me around here. And pound five, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line. Stop with a goddamn knot season as country. We got the tobacco police. We got the cross, the street police. We got the swing or police. We got the every kind of police. Because it's a police day like I've told you. And certainly the goddamn wicked weed police. I'm not. The wicked weed police. And they get on there again with the, you know, the stern looks under face all these hypocritical answers, which that's the best thing that ever came out of the god day, that we had to go through 18 months of that penis case that monica gate was you saw what about your hypocrites we got up there, whether it's Dan Burton, whether it's that god damn livingston from Mrs. Cippy Road, hell, that red neck Yahoo, to land where they're all a bunch of hypocrites. Anybody remember Larry Smith by the way? Huh? There's another one. Don't do this, don't do that. But gums, that's good. I'll see that at first guy that call what he worried about. Everybody in America loves guns. Let's see, mercenep and way man. I think that's your old man dog hanging Johnny fishing rod, Tally Wester Pocket Rocket One, 1000 trout. Oh, right. King Don, ankle spanker pork, sword engine, tighter, hairy, hunter, baby, it's like the whole hangout. Yeah. Thanks for chatting and telling us. You don't look out of the windows. You got a love home. Thanks for chatting and telling us. Yeah. We're some fixating. I got little little lilies. Why in Wazu Reeney, Wacker Packer, PPK, D. Packer Heat, Seeking Mortar Missile Gagels, Big Bob Whistle to stay. Uncle Dick, this is getting really sick. I'm not prove there's one bar, purple helmet, warrior, or a- I think it's a good thing. But you have to tell him, you know the Galaxy dog for me. And God is not a home. And the Galaxy dog for me. There's always something to say about men and women. They can't think for dad and tell you. You know the girl's big dog for me. I thought those two are five, sixy, that if you're in Boat, tell your audience, 20, eight minutes ago you can feel it. You could cut it with a button. I figured cut it with your little toe, the tension that's building for that pre-game show. That of course the tension between Joel Angel and Dave O'Brien were talking about. Not because of the game. Pre-game at 1230 with a bookstore, we got to ball game a lot of clockfish afternoon. I guess they probably got the books that shouldn't be between the two of them now. Here's Hylia, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Keeps him very far apart. No, the kind of color wall I go saying that there were 5,000 people at the game. Yeah. I was there yesterday in the recent I went and was because they gave me the tickets to my son. And with a parking pass, I got there the second inning. They weren't even charging in part. They come in a park wherever I wanted to. Yeah. And when in there and there must have been at most 500,000, no $5,000. I mean, that guy's full of shot. That's all I want to say to keep up to go. Okay, thanks. When did you tell him that was a shield? He's probably on a payroll or something. Oh, yeah, the parking lot was jammed. There were at least 5,000 people. First of all, if there were 5,000 people there, it like an average of two people in a car. That's 25 hundred cars. First of all, if you were to park a lot, it would look like it would 2500 cars at PP Park. Can you imagine it like a ghost town? Kind of like our phone this morning. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. If I were all there, before that break, but they just will not hang on during using sufferable long breaks. I figured it out. It's kind of like we do for 5 minute newscast an hour on this station. And we're like, uh, pikers compared to the other shows. I don't know how they keep any audience at all on those shows. I'm not except to course it's the desperate sports nerds who will listen to anything. It's amazing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Laxahatchi. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Peter, how are you doing? Okay, Peter. I got a couple quick comments. I know it wasn't at the game, but when you talk about attendance, I was at a powder puff football game with like for Pope John Paul High School in Boca. And there has to be 3000 people there watching some girls grade playing football against each other with hack. Right. And then while 12,400 Haitians there at that near riot, the fusion Haitian game. Oh, yeah, they were just killing each other over there. Right, 12,400. The other thing is, I heard some of the John Henry interview with Hank. And Hank did start out real good, but Hank's kind of like a sports scout. You know, he's picking doffins for half and the raiders for the other half. But he was, you know, kind of think of what kind of restaurant he was going to go through. And the third comment was, you know, George only got good when he started doing swingers shows. He got everybody attracted to do with sex. Otherwise, and that, everybody was a big and a waiting for you to come back. That's all the comments I wanted to make. Okay, we're talking about the guy before that's the punk that call. I'll put George on goal of education. I got news for you. You're listening today, even though you know, George ain't doing the show today. And you'll be listening every other guy then day with her. I'm here whether George is here, you're glued to it. Okay, you're stuck to it. It's a part of your life. It's just ingrained deep inside your echo. It's your hemorrhids. So don't give us a song today. And you know, and of course, like you, like you said, when you're on, you get a stats segment out. Oh, when the host deal comes back, you suck. And then when I come back from vacation, oh, put George back on. It's always that way in this town. They don't know what they're only one. They don't know what they like. The minutes that's filled left town. Oh, gee, he was so great. And by the way, Phil Henry's uh, syndications starts in six days. Have we read or heard any more about him be it on the air here? No. Is Tom Jick or written the word about it? No. It's not a time. You're pathetic. You really are. Air every day with his big articles about never. I realized that network TV has got a lot more people watching than the radio shows. But for crying out loud, it's part of what's going on in the medium this town. And there's no coverage. None. None. Zero. It's like we don't even exist. Like I said, probably somebody repot is God damn radio, just like Dr. Mark. You know, have all those bad gambling bits. That's what happens when you start hanging around too much with any K. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's court Myers. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. So Fred Phillips is why, huh? I don't get that. I don't get the paper. I'm in court Myers. I didn't get a chance to read. Largie J. Phelps from you. I got a tell you. I got to tell you. I got to tell you. I got to tell you. I got to tell you. I got to tell you. I got to tell you. I got to tell you. I got to tell you. I. A very dear friend of mine passed away while I was there and I went to his funeral. I had to be a homosexual and you never get to show up at his funeral. Fred Phillips. Oh my god. I'm an anesthetist. I apologize. But the guy is just a rave and asshole. Yeah. And what you're saying is what just absolutely slaves me is that here we are in wonderful free America. Everybody's supposed to be so free and everything. We're going to get into this. We're going to get into this. We're going to get into this. It's like going to people's funeral. You know what? You know what? The very private moment between this person's family and friends. Right. Spreading the most violent. Imagine more. Man, the disgusting. And then. Then is why I send this sick twisted letter to the, I mean, let's face it. Newspapers, because of the lack of space. Certainly don't publish every letter that's written to. Well, the thing we got in there was in the sun. I got to go get one. Just to burn it. But I just got to tell you. He is like, he is like a cancer on the planet. He just, this is me off the, you know, belief. Yeah. I'm almost out of material. George does a great job. I really appreciate you guys and keep it up. Thanks. Have a good one. There's a guy in four miles on his own dime. How do you like that? We don't have too many of those. We got a lot of cheap people out there. That's why we don't get any, you know, long business calls. Well, the cheap people are on the inside here. That's so much that they're cheap. Well, yes, they're over and above that. They just didn't have the money because we got to pay all the big bucks out to you. So, I said, I keep mentioning that because it happens to be true. It's a fact of life. And there are a lot of people. A lot of good people around here. A lot of decent people. Some of them don't do all that much like our program director. But nevertheless, he's not a bad guy. And he's waiting for his bonus, too. Because, you know, he ain't going to say anything. He's not going to open up a big mouth. Because all that money first has got to go to John Henry. And it's got to go to Wayne. And then somebody's guys, it got the hook. But a call is radio station. Looking for more, you know, to use us as a conduit to try to, you know, be cheerleaders. It could happen, John. Unless you buy a handker really good meal. This mother fucking place is just a fucking joke. Exactly. Hey, so what do you really think, Hank? Eight minutes after 11 at 5.60, WQM. And by the way, since Hank did have Bluff go to the bank and deposit the whatever, however, that thing worked, I wonder if his bonus was in there. For that, the spring rating books. And see you at a pretty good book. If he had a bonus coming, you think his bonus was no. Oh, hey, how's that? No, that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. Hi, Felicia. G'dia, I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? Gosh, chick. I thought using head and shoulders a long time ago. I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway? Yeah, right. So, what are you using now? Well, it's like head and shoulders only without all those additives. It's just called Chad. Let's film about it, girls. If you tie his arms up, you open him, so he can't rub it like it. And be the moon. Yeah, yeah, never mind. Why, dad? Chad, you feel better if you get some hair. Wow. Where can I get that? Lots of places, chick. You can sit up by my plate later, and I'll be happy to give you this hair. In a few minutes, I'll have you shampooed, siled, and blown dry. She, you don't miss a lick. Do you? No, it's a tent. It's a great, but is it expensive? Not at all, chick. I'd rather says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10. Darling, that's that price. Everyone should be getting head. That's right, chick. When you say head, you set a mouthful. I am Dr. Raymond Velottik. From prison on the street. To tell you why you should get head. First of lubricates each limp hair follicle, leading in a wrecked listening shaft. Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the roots, leading your hair soft shun and exhausted. Nothing does the job like head. Great! Can I get head for my hairdresser, Bruce? Probably, but you might want to try your girlfriend first. Velottik and his head stay. Get head and then let's work. Go to normal right. Get your love better and your feel per rip. Get head and you get head. Go to Nucky's tip. Want hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. Available to price you won't find hard to swallow, and it's going down every day. Honey, we're out of sample. Can you go out and get some head? What did you say? I said, I want you to go out and get head. Oh, thank you. Sweet Jesus. I'm going down down. And that makes the great holiday gift. Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head. Then I gave her a pearl necklace. I've never seen her so choked up. My girlfriend used to give me head. Then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get dirt and lotion in a national dress. I'm going to drag you to a corner of town. And you're the best. My tongue is all pop. And in the tower, you're one of home. And the woman. No, no, no. If you buy a house, you're all dead. And you're a crazy, completely no. And you're a dead man. And you're the one I love. And you're the one I love. And you're a better than you just on head. You'll feel better if you get some head. Oh, yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Hey, Champa, come on. Give it a shot. Oh, I, air looks great. Oh, oh. I'm using a mask. It's 11.15. It's 5.60 WC, you know? It's 60 WC, you know? It's interesting that I read it letter from March Pulse, that the bitch. And none of the God people ever explained that to us about, you know, that quote. And about the fact that God hates people and God hated Esau even before he was born. What kind of crazy people would have written something like that, and along with all the other stuff that they wrote. And what kind of crazy people would have believed it? 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line plenty of openings here with an hour, 13 minutes to go as you can feel the jug. And then when you're going to get the pressure is building man, the tension cut it with your toenail. Here's a mobile and pompano, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, you always talking about the fact that you don't have an 800 number. Yeah. Um, it's a sort of card to me that your sales department could provide you one by having a sponsor. Set up your 800 number and then every time somebody's on that number you just identify it by the sponsors name. And then they constantly get a plug in it. If you had like a national loan, this would serve us as something like that. All you're interested in people and everything else like that. Sure. If we, we there aren't enough hours in the day for us to promote any more sponsors. I mean, we sell it. It's like when Wayne, you know, took over bought the stadium and he put the sold the foul line. He sold the chalk line. He sold the ads on the bases. I mean, you know, we just don't have any place else to stick any more sponsor IDs here. Well, excuse me. You know, like, you know, you identify this, you know, the mobile one line. Right. So, I thought, well, not every time we take a phone call. Well, even, you know, I'm first of all, I mean, every little, Punky business in the world has got an 800 number. We give my first sponsors all the time. But of course, here rather than have a discussion about it, they go into hiding. They pretend that, oh, you know, they, it's too expensive. They know nothing about it because it involves expenditure of dollars. And they don't want to do it for this show for the radio station. And it will be a tremendous, it's desperately needed. And they won't do it. They refuse. No, I mean, don't don't your advertisers pay for the mobile service. Well, yeah, I'm sure. Absolutely. Oh, that's, you know, something along the same line there. It just makes, it just is a hard day. Why can't they just go ahead and do it like any other business and pay for it? And I know that's a revolutionary concept. Why can't they just pay for it as a way of this radio station doing something for those of us who are on the air. I accept trying to squeeze in 55 minutes of spots. There we are. Well, I suppose their rationale is that the local sponsors don't get any facts for their fuck at 800 customers from other parts of the country. That's what I was saying, National, well, one of the sponsors get under there. What is a bell sound to get under the every phone call that we take care. That's not the way a radio station works. But every time we take a phone call, somebody's got to get some kind of a commercial plug for it. Well, for example, I chose an ATT as my carrier because because they were able to talk to you. And I just, it just occurred to me that, you know, some of your salespeople, you know, sort of an opportunity instead of leaving it that, like, way to have this call that everybody at the world sees that. Yeah, I'm holding my breath on ourselves. Okay, thanks, pal. Yeah. Thanks. Good intentions, but is it going to happen? No. 560, 560, 560 on the ATT wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I wanted to get your opinion on something. The fact that, oh, forget the fact that baseball sucks and it's boring and, you know, everyone hates to watch it. No, no, that is not true. I mean, right now you got that Atlanta Metzaries, which you had two great games there. I watched the entire game two nights ago and then to track last night, I watched a little bit of that game. It's boring only if you're one of the eight million teams that has no chance to accomplish anything and nobody's showing up at the ballpark. Yeah, then it's boring. Right. I probably didn't expect myself to cut any of my men's marlins to the point. I think that it's the stadium. We're in a better location, maybe downtown or maybe somewhere more expensive. Why is downtown a better location and how could it be more accessible than being right off the turnplike? How many ballpark are stadiums in the rural? Can you drive right into right off a major highway? You're saying that people don't go to it because it's not in a good location. Well, I don't. I don't know if one of the reasons I don't. How come they go there when the dolphins are planned there? They have 80,000 people there. Because it's what's a week. And I think that makes a difference too. In the baseball, I think it's a good location like let's say the Miami arena for example. It's accessible by the Miami arena. Yeah. You mean the Miami arena where nobody goes to anymore because nobody wanted to go down there? Because it's so dangerous because the area is nothing but a blinded piece of third. I used to go. That's why I used to go too, but that doesn't mean I enjoyed going there. We were counting the days down that we didn't have to go there anymore. Here, you're telling me that downtown Miami is a better location than the county line? Well, I just think that it should be a better location. I mean, the fact that you have to get in your car unless you live right off the turnplike. You didn't get in the car and drive a half hour every time it's a baseball game. I mean, I wouldn't do it even. But I had seen tickets. You know what it is to go if I work in court. But when I ask you something, how long would it take all the people in Broward and Palm Beach County if they want to go to a ball game? And the stadium is in downtown Miami. We would take an hour to get there. So you're just speaking from a selfish standpoint. That's like my sense. Thank God that the macarines out there by the sawgrass because I happen to live four minutes away. It's great. If you live in candle, it's not so great. The fact is there are people don't go to sporting events. Most times because of where the ball park is located. They go or don't go based on whether or not it's an attractive thing. Whether there's any excitement whether there's any interest. They could stick it right next to my house and I still wouldn't go. I charge for parking. But I still wouldn't go. I mean, that's it's just so lame. It's so pathetic. How could there be a better location than the date Broward line than this ball park out here? You drive right enough to turn pike. I mean, it's a piece of cake. You drive right in the course of parking is growtiously overpriced. And especially for the dolphin games, 30 bucks to park your car. You have to be a maniac. You have to be. It's like a hold up. It's like a stick up to park out there in a gun. A goddamn grass in the mud in the muck. 30 bucks. Seriously, we're not to be standing there. I have a bunch of guys with guns. It's a hold up. You may 30 bucks. And they stole the with. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line one call on the boardboard. This is this is I mean, even the dentist of America have never ranked as many teeth as I have this week. And we had two outstanding brilliant shows yesterday and Tuesday, by the way, two of the most important radio shows in the history of the human race, which have been told by many by the way. Even though there are a lot of people out there who are like, Oh, geez, you shouldn't have said those things too bad. They were all true. I'm going to leave here right now. Good hour and six minutes to go into the Marlingin. I'm going to go out and run naked on the beach with all my buddies. Fat rage, alcohol stain, remember? Yeah. Jeff Cohen, I'll bring the camcorder. Yeah, bring the camcorder, bring the cameras along. Okay. To how would I damn, you know, one, 82 or whatever. How that group is that bunch of stiffs that are running around naked. Blink. Blink. Yeah, blink. Blink a lot. I'll tell you if we were out there running naked on the beach. Here's a mobile and South Miami. Hello. Anyhow you're doing. Okay, sir. I guess you're talking about the show you did yesterday about the attorney stuff. That was fantastic. I guess I'm going to comment about that was great. And what you were even talking about, I heard you talk about the baseball stadium in John Henry. Now that guy, I had a particular sort of business relationship with John Henry one time. Yeah. And I'm a professional musician. And John Henry likes to get his little hands and everything. He's one of his offices up in poker with someone. He has a million dollar recording studio up there for this one artist. His name Scott Reed's is got from Australia. So he decides now John Henry is going to be a recording guy. And he hired a band, a bunch of us. I get a bunch of guys here from New York. I'm going to come in. It's a high quality music school and a professional musician. And this guy starts by paying his for rehearsals. The guy owes me about a thousand dollars. Yeah. At this point for jobs I've done for him and his artist. And anyone that's stopped paying his for rehearsals because he said he doesn't have any money. And he's telling me that's why I'm sitting at his is we're sitting talking about what's going to go on with this artist. Well maybe we could impose a tax other thing and raise the money to pay you guys. A musician attacks. I must be nuts. I must be nuts. Anyone pays that guy a dime. I mean that guy first of all, John Henry's listening. And John knows who I am. Yeah. John you can kiss my ass. All right. All right. So I don't know what's the time for that guy. I hope that thing never gets built. And I hope he dies as well. Okay. But how do you really feel? Okay. I bless you. Sir will pray for you. We'll have margin. Fred Phillips. Pray for you. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. On the 18. I think talking about the fact that I'm being called in early in the show, which I didn't hear that part. And what a nice of a guy. I just don't mind. I mean that's the image they're trying to portray. To me he's a beauty I little poor who sees visions of sugar plums dancing in his head. And who's using all of his buddies at the harrel to son-son. All of these people are prop up the image. Oh, see it's not Wayne. This is a good guy. And he really likes baseball say he's a good guy. Yeah. He's such a good guy. Just like the guy said in the paper yesterday, you don't guide the stadium. Okay. And then maybe somebody will share what we put a reasonable team on the field. And maybe you're competitive. And what you're, you know, it's like anything else. If you open up a restaurant and the product you're serving sucks, people are going to come back. What a surprise. And by the way, nobody's going to build it for you. You'll have to build your own or read it. Put the crap product out there that loses and loses and loses and loses. Dumps away. Everybody's a public police, but interested in it. And oh, gee. I don't understand. Here there's only 91 people out here. If we just had a dome. Yeah. We just had a chrome dome. Ha ha. Did that one Wayne said to if I just had a dome. 26 after 11 at 5. 61. The dome at bothered. And I think it was the zips. Oh, and then he is a dog. Oh, listen to me. He's just stand by and speak for self-a-king. And it's stand where everything is helped that a high self-a-ting standard. The selection isn't just huge. It's self-a-king huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And so if it keeps prices on just low, they're so-fucking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say self-a-king as a beautiful store, I mean so-fucking beautiful. When I say to staff it's helpful, I mean so-fucking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the so-fucking and enjoy a selection that's so-fucking huge. I stay at that so-fucking courtyous and pricey set a so-fucking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied custom of Frank and Stein. So-fucking good. Yo, set a Franky so-fucking good. Mother fucking place is just a fucking joke. It's 1 to 32 at 560 WDQM or only 58 minutes away from the Marlin pre-game show. Alright! Here we go. That guy that called I was hallucinating on magic mushrooms before. About the 5,000 people over that last night. He had a parking lot with jam and they left too early in the bottom of the it. He's when all a hell broke loose and everybody had a great time. I thought they lost 5 to 3. Did they lose 5 to 3? Did they lose 5 to 9? Oh yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 2, and other girls team. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and cool for city. Hello. Yes sir. Hello. Great. I heard about those parking fees. I got something else for you. I took an executive from the food industry. We're having a hot dog. He says, you know, these hot dogs. They're classed about 2 in a hand. The 3 cents for hot dogs. That was at 250, 3 bucks a hot dog. And that was at the worst food in the history of the human race. Absolutely. One other thing I want to mention. I was reading the paper to the about this. My, my, my police commissioner, share, share, whatever he wants. This retired. I think it's $172,000 a year and retirement or 120,000 dollars a year. Yeah. Would it hold an industry? Yeah. I'm going to look at the work for living every tire of those kind of numbers. Yeah. But there's not as much graph than most ordinary jobs. Go get them now. Okay. Pal. Yeah. I always hear Hank screaming and rightfully so about the horrendous food at the, the, uh, the a P.P. park. And by the way, the macarena ain't much better. It's pretty marginal. I'd best and how do you overpriced by the way. But I mean, what, what is that all about? And why is it? And, and, and, and, and, and, and, thanks. Right. Corder has the best food of any race track in town. And it's not, it's not, it's always has for years. Why is it that, uh, the other race track, Gulfstream, higher lea. Some of these other joints, the food is so goddamn bad. And why is it that P.P. stadium, the, the, the food is just garbage. It's swell over price of my dogs wouldn't touch it. I mean, so in other words, there are concessions places where they really have edible food, whoever called it as business with. But anything that ball these got to do with, let's bring in crack. Probably because it's the cheapest, not the best, but it's the cheapest. Kind of like you are two a.m. with our equipment. 560 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, man. Yellow, two raggedy douche bags. Here we have it. If they really give a damn about the employees, what they should do. They said, don't have nobody come to a stupid ass games. President, please, the parking is up. I'm skipping a month. How do I know that before she finished, she was going to blow it out. Uh, something with the essay, China. Did I know that? Uh, I just had a feeling. I've gone sweet. Are you go, girl? 560 50 50 50. 560. 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Don't be distracted my producer Tommy. We got a very important show going on here for another 55 minutes. This is the Marlin Wormup for the pre game. Okay. This is the pre pre pre come for the Marlin game. Man, you can just, you could almost smell a score, score it. 560, 560. I think that was just one elders, by the way, in a phone. And it sounds just like good job. And the pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's take up a collection to get our own guide day and 800 line on here. Okay. We get those people in four Myers calling in. We can get the 25 million people around the world calling in. Who are listening on the guide day and internet. Then we could actually sit here instead of spending half my time begging for phone calls. There we got a day and try to kick these people in a pants and get them off their guide day and dead ass. Then we could do a guide day and show. Within the limited amount of time we got. Which I realized this company and all I worried about as long as those numbers continue in there. And as long as we can keep all these spots on here. I think maybe 40 head or point, you know, how can we make it with all these cheap, but a cigarster spots and those cigarster Indians. You're a jackass, buddy. Okay. You're our real puss. Are real nothing. Here's homestead. Hello. Good afternoon sir. Yes sir. Good evening. Whatever it is. It's getting close man. We got to hurry that clock up because of the phone game. You've got to know it. Choppers that stuff back to follow me. She was doing. She was doing it. A couple of things I'm bringing to the table here. You're talking about the location of stadiums. And I can't get that guy was so full of crap. I can smell it. Turn by accessibility. Okay. And I'm not a show for homestead because we have down here the absolute best government money can buy. Yeah. But they have a ballpark down here. Yeah. So why are we playing ball? They fill the race track up. Every time there's a race. Millions of people come down here. Yeah. So why don't we play ball down here? Play what ball. But baseball. If you want some baseball say there's one sitting here vacant. They built for the. Nobody in the right mind is going to go to homestead for ball game. They go there for racing. And how often does that take place? Two damn often for me. Not that often. Okay. Nobody's going to go to homestead. In addition, which is not a dumb stadium anyway. And what are they going to accomplish? Just move it farther away from the population and still get rained out half the time. That's a good point. Good point. Okay. Same thing. You were talking the other day. And I didn't get a chance to call about the overzealous weather people. Notwithstanding done. Don't know. No. He does a great job. He does a great job. He does a great job. He does a great job. We love done. No. Yeah. Absolutely. But the people in South Dave actually prepared for this storm. I would think so. I did. And there's more flywood and sheet metal around here. You can check a stick. And why not? Why not? Why not? Because they will. Well, they will. They will. You've been through the hell. Like they were seven years ago. Well, I've been prepared. And you're not going to be one of those jackasses that waits the last day or two. And goes in there and has to fight and go through all that bullcrum. I want to buy these shutters now. You know. Okay. Third thing. You're always clapping about for lack of a better word. The copy you get from your sales staff. Yeah. You can't complain about the copy we get because we don't get it. Yeah. There's a thing in advertising. Most advertising companies have people they call copywriters. We don't have one. Let me say again with all the commercials that we have on this radio station. We do not have a copyrightor person. I don't believe that. Well, there you go. True story. We got Igor. You know, sitting in his den in there with his crappy attitude. Who hates everybody. You know, who takes the tapes and puts stuff on, you know, whatever he's doing. But we don't have a copyrightor. I don't believe that. Well, people are ready to get again. We still even though it's a little bit of a second time. We still don't have a copyrightor. Well, good luck. Okay. Thanks. We're not going to get one because we'd have to pay somebody. We're going to pay somebody. Oh, you bet you're F and A. We're not going to pay nobody. Just like the 800 line. Are we going to do that? No, because they don't have to pay for it. This is the most unbelievable, significantly goddamn place on the face of the earth. Pump it all of it and let me say it again. The sad part of it is there's no need for it to have to be this way. We don't have these high ratings and all this revenue because we got ball games on here. We got it because we got the worst team. We got this show and we got the Humphors. 6AM to 6PM. We got big numbers on there. And let me tell you, there isn't one person who listens to any of our shows because we got ball games on this station. Oh, I shouldn't have said that. That's bad for Mr. Ego's ego. Yeah, that's bad for Greg Ozego. Remember what happened to Greg? I don't want to see him no more. He put this news around everybody's neck that works in his place, which is why a lot of good people still haven't got their bonus from a rating period that was in the spring April, May and June. Here it's the end of September. And I still end and they can get away with it because these people are like, oh yeah, whatever you say, okay, okay. Oh, it's a fight. It's a fight, Greg. Weasels, that's the word you're looking for. Work with a bunch of weasels here. Just like your rose this morning, taking a little shot of it. And guess what, yo, I got this spot scratch stuff. How about you, sweetheart? We don't run 13 minute breaks on his show. Mr. Hot Shot. 24 noon at QAM. Just say, over. I'll stay more on my. So, elbows in a satin dress. Black leather motorcycle jackets. Keeps in a corner. A fragrance by. Chastity Bono. Dirty. The scent of oil, softball gloves and aluminum bat. Dirty. Sweaty t-shirts. And an open pack of camels. Dirty. Dirty. Dike. The scent of a woman who wants to be a man. Dike. By Chastity Bono. It's 11.45 at WQI. We got the facts from Eric on our newrogers.com on our website. Who wants us to facts in the. Helps. Letter from Fred's wife. Margie Phillips and the bigger Kansas. Who said, God hates people. Fags and the Jews and a whole bunch of other people. What she means of course. Anybody who ain't like her. And of course, uh, eastaw. God hated eastaw. And George, she's got his dead. How do you like that? Here's the facts. 1927 and 1999. George, she's got his dead. We're going to shed any tears about that. No. How are you overrated, by the way? Well, I'm just saying, you have a gigantic ego. I mean, he was a real asshole. I have good actor for outstanding actor. But not a good guy from what Eric Horst wanted to be a good guy. We didn't pay to go see his movies because he was a good guy. But we want to see. But again, you know. Right? If somebody dies, they were a good person. Then we feel bad about it. Just because he was a good actor. I mean, we're going to feel bad about it. That's a won't be a sequel now. No. What was the other one? What were the military academy? What that was that movie? Chats. Oh yeah. Oh, how appropriate. 560, 0560, pound 560. He hit the anti wireless line. Let's watch taps for George C. Scott. He dead. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I've got a couple of things. First of all, I've spread to have an urge for me about the demise of C.K.L.W. In the train Windsor. I didn't know anything about it. Yeah, they went off the air. I believe it's the end of August. They went off the air. Got a thousand watt radio station went off the air. They had a huge piece on it on the National Public Radio going back through the history. Oh my God. Yeah. I saw my lives in the late 60s and the height of their powers. I'm strong for time. I'll find a jingle. Oh man. What a sad day. This isn't a history of radio to hear that news. It's very depressing. I guess the market was too frank, man. Whatever they screwed up. But I mean, they had 800 on the dial. Great dial position. 50,000 watts. Great signal. Now, what were they doing? They were playing like a religion or something before they went to a country music? Yep. That's exactly right. On the level. I don't know what happened to the TV station. They had one too. Channel nine. I'm sure that's still on in Windsor. Yeah. That's lucky. Not in Canada. That ain't cool enough here. It's impossible. Another thing to do if you want to watch the best movies ever made about fraternity life. There are, they're, they're, one of them is the Lord's of discipline. Right. And brother Rapp. Those are those, those two, you know, they nail it right there. Brother Rapp. Brother Rapp with the vengeance arrow. Rapp in the 60. I think in memorandum we should play CKLW Jinguas the rest of the week. I'll put the tape on. Okay. Thanks for the bad news, pal. How do you like that? The radio business continues going into a proper CKLW goes dark. CKLW goes into a cool, cool, cool. Oh, those are the days, man. See, instead of this crap we got today on FM, where every station is just a jukbox. When you had personalities, when you had great jingles, when you had like stations that meant something. Kiner 13 and WABC and CKLW with WLS. Let's get the jingles out like we got to call yesterday. Oh, god dammit. This must be lunch for macaroni grill. Am I right about that? What a great guess. Because I started Gary Sardar, act of meal Jewish in there. Look at where we are going to enter. You want him to bring it in now or with you? Sure. And I'll bring it in now. It would be great. Bring a whole bunch of stuff in here now. They have to watch in fat rich eat 10 meals of the track last night. You know, I don't know what to say to him. Anybody else out there got a friend who's like, yeah, he the guy headed like a little minor stroke here a couple of months ago. And I know not a bad one. Kind of like the one I had 10 years ago. And instead of reacting to what positively by getting scared to death and losing weight, he's ballooning up like somebody stuck a bicycle Pomp and a rectum. I mean, just gigantic. He had two servings last night because easily fed the Yugoslavia and Army. Either one of them. Thank you so much. Look at the service with the smile. I got some beautiful stuff here. Is that my chicken? My polo. Polo confungi. And some vegetables. What is this? What is that? I don't know. Hold it up. I'm at it. It looks like vegetables. It's vegetables with something underneath it. Tell me are some feet down like you. Okay. So, such a. I'll agree with the grill vegetables on it. Beautiful. Thank you sir. Oh, look at this. Jenny, see you extra virgin olive oil. I love it. I'm just going to drink this right out of the bottle. Well, I can't eat like five different meals in here. Gary, I realize you're acting real pushy and real Jewish. But it looks beautiful. But I can't eat 10 different meals to make Gary Sarner happy. I realize that he's real. It's disappointed about that. But I can't eat 17 meals here to make ourselves the apartment real happy. But I do love macaroni grilled and we just have a little of this a little light. It's beautiful. I'm loving it. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, yeah. How you doing? Great. Listen. I tuned a little late today. Wait a moment please. Go ahead sir. I'm just getting emotional about C.K.L.W. if that's true, which I'm sure it is. About the Haitians not having a good time at the soccer game. Yeah. What about that all about? I think that maybe since I got an employee's don't make a lot, they could have iron F people there. They can check it next time and bad people won't show up. That's a good point. I thought there was a throw one bottle. They'll deport your ass right back to Haiti Monk. Excuse me. Maybe you're permission to come in here. Right. I can't be hated home. It can't be hated home. It can't be hated home. Yeah. But that's what you're supposed to do with a soccer game. You're going to give me a little bit of a look at the game. I've got to go back up, you know? Wait a minute. Why did that come in Holland from England? It doesn't make any difference. It's going to add a bit of sugar. So that's something exciting is going on. Anya, thanks much. Okay. I have a great thing. Oh man, this is, oh God is it good. You know what this is? Mushroom's pungi. Hmm. Oh This is just beautiful. This is so good. I forgot all about this Always like that Gary Sarner. You know, oh by the way, do you give you an information about your appearance with better? I mentioned that today. We only got about 40 minutes Otherwise you'll have nobody show up then I'll say oh nobody likes that guy damn George, you know Oh, we knew that but I'll take the money anyway. No, no, but that's not the point Nobody cares about the fact you're getting paid to go there except you which more power to you But what's the appoint? Where is it? Saturday prime comb in the oakwood plaza. Oh, you knew where you bond the first I mean where you had all those people the first time There were two or three people there. And by now now that you've been on so many times since all these 20 slingers are gonna be shown up right Loons to two like I'm both the the oakwood plaza the middle of the oakwood plaza on the left side by gold's gym And I'm sure there's gonna be all kinds of other times where where is it shared in in 95 I'll look at that Igor going to eat that is knows that our news Have a little something there okay? You look like you're polishing with it by the way. Don't go to Tampa again next time We have a storm like a pussy God how embarrassing and by the way when you do stuff like that guess what the fingers stick out there and a Follio we got nothing here. They got a nice big finger there in Tampa which they deserve And of course they do deserve the finger because like we've always said What right? 567.0560 pound 570 what were you just saying? Yeah, you were promoting your appearance 2 to 2 known to 2 then that's another other things there beside me That's the way we're okay. Who the car off for all the details on it because I'm sure that by then maybe Gary Sarner will find out something about what it's all about What is that that you're having not not that I'm knows he what is he eating there? Looks like scallop he need Mmm beautiful enjoy Well, hi him Here's a lady in top it oh hello Hi you Yes, man how are you? Great good. God have we got a good lunch. You ever go to macaroni? Oh, yeah, it's awesome I'm Steinemite delicious as long as they don't let that's far too good up on the table and sing again Old man river. Oh, very good very good. You're hired. Oh, thank you Well, actually the reason I'm calling I'm calling this might be old news, but I'm calling about two things that were in yesterday's Broward section of the herald Totally frosted my butt One of them was about how they're thinking uh well city port water deal is gonna start showing For the stadium right you know second zone Henry's butt and they want to take businesses that are located in on Andrew Avenue downtown and Move them to the northwest part of the city Which is pretty much like not a very good neighborhood and I just think that's totally wrong Let me say it again. How do you get to Andrew's added where they want to put the stadium? How are you going to get there? Yeah, oh, yeah, like it's still easy to get there with all the traffic right even now without a stadium It's a nightmare. How do you got to get there with the 30 40,000 people supposedly going in? Especially when all these people are going there for other reasons like all the bars and stuff that are down here Now maybe John Henry figures only the 91 people were there two days ago. They're the only ones that are show up So you don't have to worry about a lot of traffic and maybe it's like a big lot of different right right All right, okay, well the other thing that they said and that that was in the hero scene section That I I was just blown away by was that it was an article on on drugs and and Pointing the fingers at the raised culture and everything But there was a lot of things in there that they had totally wrong I mean just some of it was like okay Maybe they wouldn't know be just they're not part of that culture, but part of it was just stuff that Glearingly obvious like one of the things they listed marijuana here it says I'm quoting so we'll between $3,000 and $5,000 and out $3,000 and $5,000 $5,000 and out I mean I've known people who smoke an ounce a week Did any three to $5,000 by the breaking in all those convenience stories? Exactly, but we're now was this written this this was in the barred section of the hero Oh my god First article on the on the front page of the barred section says that pull from mixing elicis drugs rises And then then when you turn you know how they have had it continued on page seven It's got a little list and a picture is of different types of drugs and blah blah blah And under the parts where it says marijuana that's what it lists It was being three to $5,000 an ounce well there you go Yeah, you didn't hear what you know. It's got to be a bunch of great and then it says the down our gives elicis drugs I'm sorry the down I give elicis users hallucinations right Yeah, okay Take all of them stuff I got well, I can't like when you read the hero Yeah, okay, so we've got a run have a break day I just want to say I love you by boyfriend and I we go around the house and we when we talk to each other We we close your things all the time like we say I don't know and all that stuff and either you're a one-of-kind and we love you All right, thank you. Thanks me. Oh, see you. Bye Okay, four minutes before no we don't have a lot of time to screw around because we got to ball game come out of we got to get eight million sponsored Can you imagine if we would have done that other break? Hey, Lewan you're crazy you're a crazy person Do you have a reason to believe you may be using drugs, huh? You know I have been acting erratically lately Just last week I went bowling with Jesus and Jim Morrison Those may be some of a telltale signs that you may be using drugs. How do I know for sure? Some of the other telltale signs may include you have drugs in your house Yep, that's me you know where to get drugs me again You know all the drug leave go. Oh, yeah You talk about woodstock Is it for still there? Dude, Jimmy's gonna play the national anthem again And you can eat 32 cheeseburgers in one city Where I'm where I'm who come if you answered yes to any or all of those questions You may have a drug problem if that's the truth you need to try OSTT the home drug test the fastest and most reliable way to find out if you've been using drugs HDT the home drug test available at most major pharmacies from past the Easter Far out man Come on. It's past noted five 60 WCM or the 20 minutes 20 minutes away from the pregame show for the Marlins and the a path and then what haven't I planned the export Panthers wherever it is. Does it make a difference with their plan? No, but at this launch today from the macaroni grill. This is one of the most incredible meals I have ever had this is chicken I see usually it comes on a bit of angel hair pasta, which I notice you're scarfing down yours, but I passed on that cause I can't eat that But it's the chicken what is it? Scalopini? With the Fungi and what cards you over the cardachokes, which if I could tell you how much I love really good Artitudes which you these are the best I've ever had in my life Thank you very much sir even Gary Sardon. We say thank you to for if an amount of lunch from our friends in macaroni grill Like I said if they just keep this marcher from sing one on there. I'll come back a lot 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and T wildest line. Let's talk fast now. We got 20. Yes seven and a half minutes to go Here's the curl springs. Hello. Are you ever gonna go back to carbohydrates? Anytime what does that mean? Oh you I know that you're using me What do you mean I'm ever gonna go back? You think I'm off a carbohydrates? I'm as fat as a big Ben and Jerry's ice cream is protein. No, we know that There you go. Hey listen there's two things First with the stadium isn't the reality of it that it's more the weather than how well the team is doing that's causing The lack of sand A person odd no Okay, let me ask you this was there anything wrong with the weather yesterday? Well a couple of days ago and they played the no no no no you was there anything wrong with the weather yesterday With the redrop a rain they had by all accounts maybe a thousand people there maybe 12 hundred last night Did they draw when I was in here did they draw one in one the world first? Only in that the end of the playoffs and in the series of course in any team would exactly but during the season even though It's not that it's right. Well, it's great. I'm taking that maybe it's the weather because who wants to go there Let me let me you're not listening to me. Let me say it again even with a sun shining on the most beautiful day in history They've had games when are just as smattering a people there's no interest my friend. There nobody cares did they draw in? I don't know Let's go to my amy hello Yes, sir. How are you okay? You okay, I tell you about the theory record did they draw when when Jesus was a baby? Did they draw when Wayne got a haircut go ahead sir? I'm sorry Get that ready Neil can I talk to you about my theory of one I like to go check some balance I'm listening sir. I'm waiting for the good stuff. Okay You know if an atom is split it causes nucleophysian right nuclear fish in yeah on tannius combustion Yeah, and You know that the theory of you know like with the judicial checks on the legislative Yeah, yeah, and the executive checks on the yeah, well, okay That's checks and balance and and I put that with my scientific theory along with my Religious theory yes that one thing happens as a result of the matter Uh-huh, and that you would why two can't it's gonna be chaos? Yeah, but that's not where we're to talk to you about thank God for that. Where's the good stuff come on? We'll have a lot of time here. No, I had an accident. I'd like to talk to you about the old people in the highway You call me old forests, but Excuse me like of a turn So I was headed north on 36 west, right there on 30. Yeah, listen times up. Okay. Let's go to a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello Mobile and four-laterdale hello Long gone. Okay I just mung five six seven oh five sixty pound five we still got 25 minutes to go here and I have one call on a board What's that what's going on here man? We got everything going here from tobacco to the goddamn stadiums in a wrong place and the weather and the rain in Spain And did the did they show up when this and did they show up on the on a Frankenstein we're showing at the movie theater I mean this guy's a maniac Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and we got this guy with a theory of relativity and His accident up there because the old people drive too slow Just don't drive with your relative next time. Okay pal. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello Lady in Miami. Hey, Neil. Go on a talk you chicken on the air Okay, thanks. I think that was screw in Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 to you who that was that was what's his name's friend Swiftest the Mickey By the way, have another one for us. We are thank you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Oh, and they don't yes, sir. I don't this one. Okay. I just was wondering if you were a guy I was just like four Harvey broadcast yesterday You know I make it all Harvey sir. I don't let's make it well this guy makes it Three mock listen to this remark He causes his a broadcast with good day He got a little bit of you got a letter from a you're in yeah You got a letter from a little kid Who asked where was God when the kids we get killed in color buying? Yeah, we hit the same call yesterday right and then you know the essence yeah, God the God the The actual law school. Yeah, just like he's not a lot of internal taxes Exactly, we did the same thing yesterday, sir, but thank you So little still but nevertheless the price is right Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 to wireless one these idiots man Why don't you just face the music? Nobody cares don't you get it don't you understand nobody cares about the freaking goddamn Marlins there is no interest listen to the sports shows on this station on the laughing on any goddamn Are there any calls about baseball? No, he wants it a blue moon Nobody cares about that here Trying to force me like I said yesterday hollow out of the Arabs they don't want it They're not interested they don't care they won't eat it. They don't they don't like it period. There's no interest I mean you know championship time it doesn't it could be lacrosse it could be you know We need roast whatever if it's a championship thing this town is the worst in the world as far as jumping on a bad wagon So that proves nothing Eight minutes after noon at five sixty wq and there's a place trying to land with pojo peracan There paints Watch me shake now you do stare at the roll their penis You can be you and me a paper towel and a dirty mind That's all we needed to get back you Payaj higher Getney places I've never been I don't like the things I don't like. I can't we just get a grip on our man to hand release him. Time to turn for truly Halloween field. If we put our hats together, we just stay home forever. I'm the last girl. Oh, and Rodney. Wow, your shaving shave. Oh. Four, four, ten, five, sixty, WCM, just sixty minutes away from that big pre-game show. By the way, I got a very important and depressing bunch of stuff from Ryan Dorety at the University of Florida and Gainesville over the fact. And if he's listening on either of that, I'm not shining yet. I'm going to talk about this stuff tomorrow because we got this stupid ball game today. I don't have time to do justice to this tonight. He's a friend and fraternity brother of one of the kids that got killed over the weekend up there. Because we live in a violent freaking country, man, and because we got a lot of goons and idiots up there and all over the place. Well, I'm just amazed by this one. I'm just blown away by how good this is for macaroni grill. Do you have any of those cheese balls? Not yet. What do you mean Buffalo mozzarella? It'll give me cheese balls. Yeah, we got a pulmet d'ore, a Buffalo mozzarella. And we got the sausage, corn of a jettale ingredient. Oh, don't you like that Italian? Pretty bad. No practice. Hey, why don't you go to Italy now, New? Go to Hell, New. School, you. Okay. Sounds good to me. Here's Maramar, hello. What's up, Monday, good, New? Yes, sir. Hey, what's the deal with Alex, six now? He goes on the waivers. Any team can pick him up? How many days or months? I don't know who cares. They're hoping that he goes by by. That's what I'm thinking. Hey, playstation, which is a video gaming system came out with NHL 2000 yesterday. So the task couple of years, you know, I usually play four to steam. You know, I put Peter Well on my fourth line, you know, as a check-in line. And he'd always end up being white. This is the first year that they've actually had a black player in this hockey game. Oh, right. Yeah, right there, making great strides. And other not that's a bad, that's a bad precedent. Oh, is it how that? Just, you know, they already got all the other sports. Let's keep doing all the way to white people. Oh, I got you there. I got you there. Hey, Chris Welles, smells not so well. Hey, and a cut-cloth on me, a douchebag? Go ahead. Andre and Andrew off. Later, Neil. Okay, see him. Wow. What about our panther fans? What he's a little bit hilarious. And by the way, headline in the paper this morning. GM to draw ack. Be more like Bray. It left out together, part where Bray's, where the whole rax said to the general manager be more like Pat Quinn. Left that part out. Be more like Bray. What? What an idiotic. Only in the newspaper is here where they put some stupid crap in there like that. That would be like the cast we're saying to Alessrande, be more like me, Neil. Be like Neil. Well, he wasn't some way. 560560, pound five 60 on the AT&T. Why are those lines all the way? I had always much better taste. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Anyhow, you doing that? Good sir. All right. I was going to make it say hi to somebody. No. Yeah. Call him up. Call him up and say hi. Okay. This isn't the guy named Lonely Hearts Club. He wondering if he could say hi to somebody. Kind of crap is that, huh? Kind of major league. Big ball busting bunch of crap is that. Sitting here enjoying a wonderful lunch, having a real great suit of intellectual conversation where our listeners today. About 8 billion different things. None of which we can do anything about. But it's your kill for entertaining hours every day. I'll tell you that, right? Uh-huh. FNA. 560560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Come on. We got only 13 minutes to go. We got to talk back. Let's take 6700 calls here in the last 13 minutes today. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Yeah. My name's Sebastian Neil. I got some good news for you. Yes. I'm an attorney and mutual friend that asked me to give you a check. Hey, a teacher. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah. Of course not. That's none of the bitch bitch. You know how much that two grand would be worth today with compound an interest. I could probably be tired today. I could probably give it to Laurie before she's put. Uh-huh. Okay. Thanks for the good news pal. We're going to drag in back up all the old sad stuff. All that stand major stuff. Wow. I might have to play a stand major thing here, you know, in a minute. Just for the hell of it. The mother is he still alive here. Oh, yeah. She didn't say that. He'll call me again. Don't call me. Stay and I'll call you some year. Not soon. Here's a mobile in a four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. We're so first time call this for a lot of them. All right. Yeah. I'm a young black male. I'm about 28 years old. Yes sir. I'll treat the call out to overblad listeners. He just told the dean. He's a very nice person. He's between the 80s and the 80s. And the night is if they had a book to put it in here, they don't listen to me or Roger. And all these 15 people who turn off the dead, E.D.R. and the hot, you know, it's five lifts for you every day. I just ran them. Get a pair of all the things. That's right. Come out of the closet. It will set pal. Okay. And one of the things I must see you are, I'm at the turn pack and somewhere. Right. You're perfect. I'm a little bit going home. You may in mind the tripping. You might grow. Why are the long more. No, yeah. I like the from the track. Right. You know. Have a great day pal. All right. And by the way, let me. I'm glad he mentioned that. Come home from the track last night. I'm going west out there on the side of my is Boulevard. And some of you idiots out there that want to go 90 miles an hour on an unsaturized. I'm not impressed. In fact, you know, something I'm only impressed by what assholes you are. And this guy, I'm sure he probably saw some of these idiots too. You know, I pull away from the light. I leave these people in the dust. I'm going, you know, I don't want to say how I'm going, but it's a 45 mile hour speed limit. It's late at night. So I'm going maybe 55, 58. Okay. That's too bad. But that's what I'm doing. And all of a sudden out of nowhere, they come fly it by me. I mean, I've left them 60 carlikes behind. Okay. There's nothing to prove anymore. And now they come barely ask it at any go by me like I'm standing still. So if I'm going 58 and they're going by me like I'm standing still. I've got to assume they're going at least 80, maybe 90. I'm sunrise Boulevard in a residential neighborhood at night. Not just one. This happens all the time. You're crazy people. Crazy. Even Britney Spears was never so crazy. I'll probably head a better boot job. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Mobile in North Miami. Yeah, and they have a couple of things. Yes, sir. One thing. You wonder why no one wants to talk about the sports or is interest in the sports. Some of you think most of the populations halfway turned off about the professional athletes. Yes, sir. And then none too soon, right? This is surprise you. And all not at all. Shouldn't be making the comments. And we got the you want to talk about politics. Shouldn't be making what comments. Why you that you're surprised? No, I didn't say I was surprised. I'm just stating it is the fact people don't give a crap. And especially here about baseball. No, I don't know. Why don't you give a crap. I don't know. We have a contribution into society or into the general public role do they make? Well, it's okay for a past. I'm everything that I have a past. Absolutely. It starts to be a real expensive past time. Then the screw it. Yeah, I pack me in my family five off to a football game. It's going to drop 200 bucks. I've got to go to the guy damn house right. Exactly. On another thing on a political side. You see an Puerto Rico for Puerto Rico with the bombing range down there in V.A. Because they want to drop that off. And then maybe you should move out of there. We should drop Puerto Rico completely. Yeah. Anything about that. No. Seven billion dollars for FEMA for the cleanup down there. Because we didn't find some more good terrorist down there. And we love those. But they're not. We love them. We never met a Puerto Rican terrorist. We didn't like that. An opportunity for build to do something that get the water cleared and then Hillary gets the put an opinion on it. Yeah. Well, the L.I.S.A. school Hillary. Which he won't put in there. I can't say that either. I'm straight. Okay. Ever great. The ice princess. Nobody wants to touch her. No wonder. I'm so tired of her man. I can see why she's dropping in the pools like a rock. She just the first of all. She talk about the arrogance. I like that term. That's what it is. Errogans. The idea that somehow she's got this coming to work because she's the first lady or the first of the scorn first lady. She's got some business being in the Senate. She doesn't know crap from shine. All of that bitch. In fact, if I live there as much as I detest Rudy Giuliani who's a real good card carrying Nazi, I'd probably vote for him if I lived in New York. Instead of that bitch. What a silly person she is. And every, every issue, at least she's consistent. No matter what the issue is, whether it's Jerusalem, whether it's the Puerto Rican terrorist, Chief flip flops on everything that bitch. The only thing she hasn't took flop lightly on is Bubba, which of course is why he was a 22 pass known. If I 20 years they haven't done it so we hear 20 years they haven't he isn't so put that bitch. And who could blame him? Anybody in the audience want to touch her? No. Or him? No. 670560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. We're just minutes away from the pregame with Bubba. Shabby was in here the other day. He's shadow of his former self. Stand major. Now a news dog radio 610 WIO D. We'll be a missile last year. You miss this. Well then what the hell is your problem? Pain is in New York, fella. What do you want to do with your, I don't want to gain back at this post. But who do you want? Who do you want? You want Alan Ferran? I think you want Jolly Reynolds? So what's that? Then what the hell do you want in the air? Silence? Did that all we have? What do you give me a name? But did that all we do you want? Did that all we have? What kind of content do you want during 2 to 6? I mean, here the next 10 major show. No. This last is a new copy of 610 WIO D. Alright brings back some memories. Maybe let's talk about the candy bars. How about the Milky Way Dark? Hmm. Anybody about good watch lately? Yeah. For a stand, you know? Stand basically a pretty good guy. Just, and I don't want to let that $2000 break up a good friendship, you know? But it did. By the way, stand major or a fat richener. I'm going to be running naked on a beach to try to, you know? Re-kingle that friendship. Here's a mobile and highly. Hello. Hello, New. Yes sir. Oh are you? Great. Are you sure you're at the macaroni Grove? Right. And do you like seafood? All depends. There's a fish there. It's called the Ingrini alapis catorasford. If you like this. Oh, catoras, sounds fishy to me. Yeah, sure. But even if it's not in the menu, I swear, they'll make it for you. Also, if you like this company, the polo, which is what it sounded like you had. Yes sir. No, it sounded like this. And the ask for the, for a folio, for folio, compolo, so it will be ankle. For folio, compolo, so it will be ankle is just a good problem, even better. Okay. And also the one, you can have all the one you want, you know, the county. Right. And just say you have to glass, they'll, they'll submit the profit, they wouldn't, they don't care. Whatever you say, you know, two, three glasses. Right. Take care of me. 5 return. Okay. Okay. Good answer, immediately. So there we go. That's pretty much going to, oh, we got a mobile in tendo. Real briefly. Hello. Mobile in Kendall. Hello, now. Yes sir. I like you sir. Great. This is a regards to the previous call about Puerto Rico. Yeah. We spent billions of dollars on the war, on the other side of the country, in the name of the democracy. And then the students who leave, they continue to kill and make people. And then we got some G.A.G.S. Puerto Rico's money, 100 by 35 miles. Yeah. Let's just blow up past the island. And then we got to the terrorist. I'm not for terrorism and I'm a Puerto Rican. We're not proud of what they did. But there are murderers, they've spent 20 years in jail, and there are murders. Yeah. Yeah. So then good thing they didn't do any pot. Okay. Thank you. Whatever you said. Hey, listen. That's going to kick him right in the head. Okay. Because, uh, oh, geez. It's not time for that ball game. Is this a deal Roger show on 560. WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdad.