Are you doing your draft show today Neil? Yeah. Okay, good. Oh. That more draft conversation. Yeah, you're a real manager. You coming up? You're right, default for once in your life. You're right, sweetheart. It's a straight thing. It's a good thing. Yeah. You know what we were some way. Okay. Well, thanks. QS4, Sam is 10 o'clock. This is Sports Radio 560. WQAM, Miami Fort Waterdale. So what does that say? Sports Radio 560. WQAM, Miami Fort Waterdale. That's the Neil Roger show. Those are talking Neil called 560. 560. 560. 3 for David Brennerick. Or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guest's followers are anyone else on the show. Do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. Be easily read acquisitions or the be easily broadcast booth. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA. And more names will never be disaved. Starting this Monday. 560. WQAM presents Tanner in the morning. Tanner in the morning. Monday through Friday 6 a.m. to 10 a.m. Only on 560. WQAM. Why you airing shit like this? Hey Chris. Oh! So I can't your machine cause there's no turning back Sick presence but not too fast I've got no digestive track And my holes this bit I know going the rack But another picker thing to talk to check I'm looking very pale And my false man stopped delivering my mail Please help me before they throw you in jail Another picker thing to talk to check I'm ready for the dream Okay Yeah, anyways too late for him because the poor doctor Jack he's going to jail 10 to 15 years And you know what they should have 10 to 25 What they should have done was given him a medal That's what the judge should have done that bitch She should have said I'm going to present you with an award here Here's a medal hanging around your neck for having a courage to stand up to this crap But of course no we got to put him in jail because he broke the law That's the American fucking way Right, that's right He broke the law he assisted people who wanted to die who were like in tremendous pain And suffering saying I'm dying over here he helped them do end the pain And therefore 10 to 25 because the judge this bitch Well, I'm going to show you you flunted that you had the audacity to go on TV and say all of these things And I'm going to stick your old decaying ass in jail Or nobody can help you croak The word is that he's going to go on a hunger strike and that was a sin he's going to go on you know Huh? How are you going to tell exactly in his case? My favorite part of the story though is the members of this is kind of like a Monty Python thing Members of the anti-coronarian disability rights group not dead yet There shouldn't be up there in Michigan. They should be here in Florida We need them down here For about half of the population and about 70% of the population in Broward Not dead yet. We're close, but we're not dead yet Oh, I'm getting better. Yeah, don't get it. I don't be too sure Members of the group though not dead yet who say he targets vulnerable people related with the sentencing yesterday They cheered cried and embraced outside the courtroom singing and chatting Ding dong jack is gone and get to jail Jack and don't you come back get to jail Jack I kind of like that. Oh, there's a book a Brian thought for right there Huh? He could put that to music easy get to jail Jack and don't you come back Meanwhile while the not dead yet people were jumping up and down and glee The hemlocks society the right to die activists the cried the imprisonment of their most outspoken champion His intentions and goals were not vicious or malicious He was doing what he thought was to help somebody said Shah Livermore hemlock of Michigan president Hemlocks society they've been around a long time back in the old days when we used to those boring interviews on talk shows There was always somebody from the hemlocks society on like at least once a week And of course again like I said in Florida this is a perfect place for it the not dead yet crowd we need them Not dead yet but getting closer by the second Got the city link in front of you by the way the annual best of we already did the new times about a month ago and now we have the city link That's what kills him good time today Especially Susan Barardy's choice Now what does she do over there? She this is one of these staff members who also make their picks. Yes What does she do she writes Right to one crap of our friends Canadians that'll take you Susan My favorite thing in the whole thing and boy this station they leaked our ass in fact We all have sore back home today just because of the ass looking from the city link which we've backed them for a profusely by the way Even though the reader's choice was the anxious at best. We'll get to that Well, I guess you must have voted in that you like cast or novo I do yeah about as much as you like to have grammar No, I like has to know a little much much more. Okay, I like I said But my favorite one of the whole deal and I have to temper the thing about pizza law because he gets to much free publicity anyway, Jeff And yes, they did pick him as the best pizza in where is it? In southwest Broward between 595 and Griffin Road on the west side on the east at whatever side No, sir, so they got a category here for best pieces I mean, I guess you must have a lot of people advertising in the city link in this wreck They got best pizza in for Lauderdale Louis Louis best for Hollywood southeast Broward Capone's flicker life best for southwest Broward pizza law best in west Broward lot to red that a best place for pizza north west Broward pizza time best place on your block Rosa and Pasquales in northeast. I mean, you know So as much as we love ponytail and we're delighted from that he got the recognition there by city link. I wouldn't get to excited about In fact, were there any pizza places that didn't get best of within the two block radius? No, but my favorite of all the food reviews in here is because I agree wholeheartedly best place for steak expensive and Broward Ruth's Chris steak house. Oh, yeah, I Can just move in there, you know, I love that place. I'm this obsessed with Ruth's Chris In fact, I'm going there this weekend instead of going out. This is a tough choice instead of going to the panther game on Saturday against Tampa Bay Saturday night Which of course is a good excuse not to be able to take somebody who he'll be working one of your favorite people that night. He'll be televised in the game When are your very favorite people in the world? I told him yesterday. Oh, we're going to risk Saturday, but oh, I forgot you can't go you doing that stupid hockey game Can't go on dammit While we're still going anyway Through Chris it says if you enjoy corn fed Midwest or USDA prime beef you're going to pay dearly for it Ruth's Chris that much is certain and since high-end steak houses offer only all a card menus You'll pay for appetizers salads potatoes and vegetables not to mention dessert who eats dessert you guys Stakes are brought up in 1800 degrees and served with butter on heated plates for that extra sizzle and supplementary dose of cholesterol It says whichever road there's doesn't understand a whole cluster all things which I'll get to the petite filet is the least expensive at 2195 people on cost 2995 Porterhouse for two will sit you back to the eight bucks And it goes on And it says good yes expensive yes Worth it you decide Yeah, it's worth it and then some even if you're paying yourself and if somebody else is paying or if they're picking up the tab It's really well worth it By the way getting back to those advantage bars all get to that in a second I apologize profusely if anybody went out and bought those yesterday. I'm sorry. I'll never say that again in fact I'm gonna I'm gonna really go nuts on those things today At the at the greater expense at the great risk of pissing off my good friend doctor Bob Atkins you're advantage bars blow okay They blow they suck get them off the market before other people. I want to nauseous with high blood sugar of 200 by the way But I'll get in that got a lot of good the crap for you today Of course the draft that's the big topic my favorite call of the morning the guy that died John that called deep on was ripping the nanside's road that part of it, but then he gets to the thing Oh, you can understand the folks you don't want to understand most people care about the draft And I went About the and he's talking about the NFL draft not about drafting your you know kids to some of the US lobby Your mornings will never be the same starting this Monday on five 60 W Q a m it's the morning mayor her Oscar Anderson Hey, sir, but they grew Friday six and a m oh On five 60 W a Clean up clean up the brown thing in your underwear Clean up the company right here on your seat clean up Whenever you meet your meet he he clean up Try some do shit works the back Okay, that's the end of 60 W Q. I'm let's take a quick pull here on us, okay Quick instant pull screen list don't answer him five six seven oh five 60 our pull question You care about the NFL draft and part two should we do another hockey show with Rimmer Now, why you making a face like that? I think you might be surprised at the outcome of this pull. No, you care about the draft and you want to hear another hockey show with a voice of the Panthers Jeverimer and all those people that we used to have on which George just five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 out of mobile one line W Q a m oh, yes, sir. Yeah, sorry. I do the ball. Yeah, you care about the draft Okay, couldn't even get the words us. Yeah, they wonder the right. I like that. Okay, you're hired put him on a weekend W Q a n No, I have a life I guess that was on both does that would be saying both W Q a n Hello, yes, but draft is for idiots and keep Rimmer off the air. Okay Oh come on see and I'm not going to say that you put me up to this when you didn't my own idea W Q a n In the words of Buffalo Bill. No, I'm both thank you. I guess you meant no and no W Q a n George yes, oh, Neil. Yes, oh, Neil. Hey, Neil. Oh, my god. Yeah. I remember the IOT days when they would pretty much shut the damn radio station That just to do a live draft coverage. We're going to have to have to do. I do not ever want to hear hear smell the draft again. Okay, and Rimmer You can remember a good job. What can I say? Well, here we do a hockey show You know what I hate to say, but I'm even though I love you. Here's you talk about it. I'm kind of sick of hockey myself. Okay, thank you. Okay, I guess that was a no. Okay, come on. Anybody want to hear a hockey show with Rimmer? No, huh? W Q a n No, draft. Don't care about the draft. Yes, and no Rimmer, but voluntary yes. Okay, okay. Salt like sour grapes to me. W Q a n No, no, no, I'm not going to make the other word. Okay. What are they trying to say? No, okay. 560 50560 1560 animal mobile and library an instant pool. You care about the NFL draft. You want to hear any more about But you have a life where you care about the draft. See, and spider what that John asshole said there would be for this morning. Most of us care about no the sports nerds. They care about the draft. Those are the only people that give a flying fart about the draft. Okay, but a hockey show with Rimmer? W Q a n No, and hell no. Okay, thank you. No, no, no, no, no. Okay, I think they're a little hostile about the second part of this question. You know, I think they're a little bit psychotic about it. Well, I think back to those shows. W Q a n Yes, man. Yes, I am looking forward to listening to the draft. I'm not going to be in front of my TV set, but I will be listening. Yes, and no, to Rimmer. Okay, thank you. So there's a lady who does care about the draft, but still don't want to hear Rimmer. So the draft is leading Rimmer by one. That's, I mean, that's a shot. You know, that's unbelievable. I'd be a depressed here in that. W Q a n. Yes, Neil. Yes, you're squared. No, square. Okay, thank you. When would Peter Marshall would say about that? W Q a n? I held those in the draft, and I'll take Rimmer and Peter Bonder's spot. Okay. W Q a n. The draft blows in his shoulders, Rimmer. Oh, what are they trying to say? Oh, is that what they're trying to say? W Q a n? Yes, no. Yes, no. Yes, no. In that order. Right. Okay. Thank you. That was good. He said. Good job. Good job. W Q a n. No, no more Rim jobs. Okay. W Q a n. No, and yes. Yes. My grimmer. Maybe we'll talk about the state. This is Rimmer. Is this Rimmer? This is Rimmer. You're not full of it. Okay. I'll try to relate to Rimmer. That was him doing a voice. Or was that he was either Don Johnson or Rimmer? Okay, that right now. W Q a n. W Q a n? Hello? Yes, sir. Speaking. Oh, no, and bring by Tony for hockey. Bring by who? Sonny. Well, I mean, that's a shot. You know, when they send a rather have a dead man doing the games. W Q a n. Hello? Yes. I am so here. Okay. Yes, you well, I care about the NFL draft. Hell no. And you want to hear a hockey show with your camera. I'm a rather here joey Reynolds and I'd rather hear Rimmer. And you'd rather be dead than hear Joey Reynolds, right? Oh, I love Joey. Okay. Joey come and go start Monday morning as a matter of fact. All right. Okay. Thank you. So she doesn't want to hear Rimmer with a hockey show. She wants to hear Joey Reynolds. Oh, man. That's unbelievable. You know why Joey's coming back. I have my nose up meals ass. That's the answer, right? W Q a n. Hi there. Yes, man. Okay. The last time I cared about the draft, it was one that was blowing up my skirt. Just sounds like the none. The S now. Yeah, the high seven. No hockey either. You can talk about hockey. Yeah, but no Rimmer. Okay. I bless you. Even the S. None don't want to hear him. Honey like that. I don't want to make him feel bad. I mean, he was given you a bunch of crappy yesterday. So a paranoid and psychotic. Oh, you're a Rimmer bait. Well, the seats were bad. We're the retrieval seats. There were million miles away, you know. And I have no problem. I could see you hammering it up up there in a press box for my benefit. I don't problem with that. I don't mind seeing the press box. I don't really care about that. They foster he went Memorial Gondola. I just wanted to see the game, which if I would have had a good seat, so I could have seen the game. And I would have probably been with, you know, see the problem in my section was the reason I finally figured out the reason the people were so combatose. They're so far away. They couldn't maybe see what was going on anyway. So they just figured out we'll eat some food and shoes and walk back and forth and pass our credit cards up and down and a few loonies and two knees. And that's it because we can't see what's going on out there. We're too far away. W Q a n. Hello. Yes sir. No, I'll get out of here and tell. Okay. Okay. So we got jewelry rentals and Alice ran tell so far over a River on hockey. W Q a n. I'll pick our cool. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Oh, God. They're good. W Q a n. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know who River is, but I'm rather intrigued and how he got his name. I bring back my cranary. Okay. Okay. We're in a very starting Monday. By the way. W Q a n. Hello. Yes sir. I say yes to RIM job and no to RIM. No to RIM. One year is another one. That's all I care about man. Back home. Cool. Cool and dinghy. Those are the only two where you need to know. Look if you drive his license a little bit up all brown to it. You're ready to rock and roll baby. W Q a n. Yes. No. Okay. Thank you. W Q a n. Anyone who wishes to draft up can like. Okay. Didn't stick around for the other answer I guess. W Q a n. Yes. No to draft. Yes. I think Greg which would be. Okay. Thank you. Can block. W Q a n. Hello. In the native tongue of the Lexi Ocean. Yes to the draft and the yet to RIM. Okay. Spassiva. W Q a n. Yes sir. You know, what the RIM do are a show on the DENAP of drafts. So keep away from hockey. Okay. Good. Now there's an idea. That's good. Killed two turns with a long stone. I like that. That's not bad. W Q a n. Yeah. I knew. Yes sir. I would say. God should draft and no RIMing allowed on your shelf. Okay. Thank you. W Q a n. A n. Those seats weren't that bad and you couldn't beat the price. Yeah. That's for RIMmer. Okay. There you go. That was RIMmer again. That's two times he's called and trying to disguise his voice. W Q a n. Yes. And yes. RIMmer in a show with Dino. Oh, now with Dino. Yeah. How about RIMmer with a show with Bino? Dino's not feeling good. How about Bino cook? You're not here. See even alone. They can't even do it with a straight face. W Q a n. Yes sir. It's often going to take K but now. But heck no to RIMmer. Yeah. Okay. W Q a n. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. He's not my RIMmer. W Q a n. Yeah. Whatever. Bring back a little coming down and working if he can drive. W Q a n. Why? That's what George always used to as. Well, we got when I got sucked into those hockey shows. And a whole audience would be calling after hearing the entire, it was always around lunchtime too. Not that there was anybody sucking around for a free lunch. But the whole audience would be calling up screaming. Well, look at that. That won't work anymore. What is that all about? What is he doing this? They used to get a little psychotic. That's what you say. I have no way of knowing that. I think that's just because you've got your what we're doing. But they're not hysterical because he's not on. Yeah. So in other words, you're saying if we did that hockey show and he was in here. I told you do a hockey show and do a little bit of a thing. I'm not going to do the hockey show. And do screenless and let and hear the people psychotic hysterical. What is he doing this? What is he doing? Has he lost his mind? You'll wear the dump button out in an hour. Really? Okay. Okay. That's enough. Kill that pole. Most of these people didn't give a crap about the draft because we don't have the real sports nerds. We have some sports fans, but we don't have the real sports nerds. Like they have uncertain other shows on his Estacion. And the remember thing was virtually unanimous. Except the two times he called in trying to disguise his voice. I mean, how would a guy have, how would anybody in the audience have known if the seats were good or bad? Unless they were there. And there was nobody in the audience there except me and remember. They suck the seats were. I mean, you know, I'm not holding a grudge about that. If those hockey shows were great, I would overlook the fact that he got me really crappy garbage seats. A million miles away from where everything was going on. Even after I bought him a great lunch at that great deli, whatever the hell name of this. In downtown Toronto. What's the name of the guy named Place? Well, the flower festival. The love pop. Oh my god. My mind is turning the geologist from the notion. How to regress. Now you heard me to the pickle barrel area. Something like that. Watercake was close. Your mornings will never be the same. On 560, WQAM. Starting this Monday. It's the return of those two wacky guys in the morning. Termin and make me a ruckus. The 10 A.M. Monday through Friday. Only on 560, WQAM. It works the notion in the basket. Fix it or lock it. He works the notion in the basket. It works the notion in the basket, When the iPode was out, verse 3, We're showing it's a notion in the basket. It's a notion in the basket, Would I have to get it so that the notion in the basket The phenomena that Pyfun from here hurts the notion in the basket So if the person can explain to us you can look down, In the past, you are the one who looked for like the wolf. My name is Paparul Veer. Much the notion in the past, you are over by 50 years. It works the notion in the basket. How much does it grow? It works the notion in the basket. I've got my skin so beautiful in that place. Okay, we got some a little bit hysterical this morning. I apologize profusely with you somebody way off his feed. I'm not going to put a fax as already. Okay, you're killing our paper pal. He says on the football draft and no infinity on Rimmer. It says if I hear Rimmer on the New Yorker show again, I will unplug my radio and throw it away and never listen again with 72x elevation points. I counted them and then it goes down. We've got seven pages so far. That's enough we get to play pal. Let's say no Rimmer. No Rimmer. No Rimmer. He says about those hockey shows you did with Rimmer. Yeah, that's what he says. No Rimmer. Oh, we're not page after page. Obviously this poor basket is like we put them right to the edge. Don't do it pal. Dr. Jack is behind bars. Don't do it. Oh god. Until just stop calling by the way. Yeah, stop calling us, Jeff. Okay. And this is a true story. He's calling and saying everybody else is saying no. What does that mean? This show is that what he's saying? I don't know what he's just spot. And we can't sell it as good as that Sunday night show. He's doing with JD there. That the Sunday night suck by is their doing. But what can I tell ya? Anyway, getting back to important stuff. I'll get to the city link thing a little while and you're good for Susan Barardi by the way. Hey Susan. Bob Fongola sweetheart. I'll get to that. But at any rate, first let's start with this doctor. Racken's advantage bar showing. I looked here yesterday. You ready to poop my guts on? I'm going to tell you exactly what happened to me yesterday. I have no concrete evidence. Other than what happened to me, I can share my own personal experience. Though it wasn't another in the pants. It wasn't that. Even worse. I went home. The only thing I knew were witness. I had no breakfast. I don't need breakfast. I had no lunch. I had the two atkins and vetted bars yesterday. Which tasted like crap. To be polite. To be complimentary. Crack would be an upgrade. To make a lost story short. They stopped. They were horrible. And I looked on the labels. There were the ingredients. And it gives you that propaganda. And I hope that Bob Lincoln is listening right now. And maybe even Dr. Bob. And anybody else out there who's peddling. See, the atkins died. I believe in even though I'm not losing an ounce. I still weigh exactly the same on my scale today. I'm stuck there. I'm going nowhere. But in any rate. I believe in the diet. But Blunger to tell you. I'm going to talk about marketing. Swill. He said, and we had one guy yesterday calling in pretending that it was probably Rimmer. Pretending that he likes these. There's nobody would taste that bad. Okay? Because anybody ever had any of these. What immediately say. They stuck. The worst. Your dog. Your perity wouldn't touch this with its pecker. Okay? So I looked on the label. And here's this crap about total carbs only two grams. So even though it tastes like garbage. At least it's filling. I mean, it makes you nauseous. And it goes on about what would the asterisk's blister when a product of triglyceride fat breakdown has been omitted from the total carbide or a content is an only converts to a negligible amount of glucose in the body. Well, guess what, Dr. Bob? Had two of these bars a little bit of a turd that peanut butter one. That's all I had. I go home. My blood sugar. What I left the house yesterday was 74, which is great. I was a little in the old. When I got home yesterday, three o'clock blood sugar of 200. Oh, I got a news for. I take my blood sugar in the morning when I get up. And then in the afternoon when I get home every day before I go to bed at night. Three times a day. 200. Which can only mean since these were the only things I consumed. And my big fat plus yesterday that whatever it says on here about rebury, low in carbs, etc. And so on is the pile of. What would taste like crap. So please, I'm begging the people at my public store. They're out by the saw grass. Don't get these in stock. Please don't do it because then some slippers are going to come in there and say, See these on the display somewhere. All those are the advantage bars we heard Neil Rogers talking about. Who may have heard only the beginning of yesterday's show. You don't understand that go home and heard part of it. I don't want to be responsible for anybody eating this. Swill. Yeah. So let me just suggest this. Forget about sweet. Forget about candy. Forget about sweet. Forget about whipped cream. Forget about jello. Just get off that crap. Okay. In fact, I want to public slide tonight and in the over by the Delhi area, you know where you get to stuff fresh. I didn't feel like taking a number. Well, there were a couple of numbers in there at any rate, bad voice. But seriously, so they have a whole thing now, a new deal in my public, where they have all these fresh sliced stuff that's packaged, you know, but it's their own brand interview. And I was very careful. I got stuff only that has zero carbs. The stuff that is less than one. Well, that's fine. But maybe it's like three quarters of a gram for every slice of cheese or meat or whatever eating. And by the time I added all up, you got a lot of carbohydrates there. So I get the cheese in the meat to say zero. Like they had some really great corn beef. Good stuff. Zero. And they had some other like pork roll or something. Man, I haven't had pork in my mouth in days like that. Maybe a couple of days. And then some cheese that had zero carbs. Good stuff. So if you want to snack eat that stuff, forget about sweet. Forget about all of these things. Because if you're going to end it, and another thing. Now this peanut butter one I noticed doesn't have the GHE. Can somebody tell me how to pronounce that right? You don't know. And then see their G or G. As in G, they stopped. Right. But one of the bars, maybe it was the first one I had yesterday. And we don't have the labels anymore because they're long gone. It had G in it. GHE. And I saw that in a dawned on me that I just read one of these books, which I'm going to get to admit the heart revolution by Dr. Kilmer McCulley, who writes about homo-system and homo-a lot of homo stuff. And about G. And how it's really bad for you. And we'll clock your arteries. You'll be going, oh, a clog. After you eat it. And that's in there. So I have an elderly doctor, Bob, you should do a little bit better homework on the stuff that they're peddling in your name because it is really. It tastes like, it feels like it makes your blood sugar go up like. And it's got some of them have G in it, which is also a bunch of, not good, not good stuff sweetheart. So here to try to tell it like it is, okay, to protect you from yourself, to protect us from ourselves as we desperately search for the beautiful perfect body and for health. Mornings will never be the same on 560. WQAM starting this Monday. It's for Bigger Hoona, Robi Young from 6 to 10 AM Monday through Friday. Only on 560 WQAM. Ladies, have you always wanted large, dress? We're afraid of weeks from Silicon in plaats? Well, worry no more. It's reducing new sea abroad. That's right. The same technology that made the popular G-upette can now be used to enhance your butt-bind. Just spread on the sea water. Your boobs daily can veil gross, gross, gross. Don't be a pancake patty. Being Missle Melissa with new G-uprah. Call people midnight tonight. 1-800-BIG-8487. That's 1-800-BIG-8487. You figure out G-uprah. I got a better one than that. Give me a great marketing idea for a lot of people in this town, especially with the draft mix, a G-a-L-Life. Yeah, the shape of anything you want. You know, and you just got the little things there. And you just keep watering it. And a life sprouts up right out of nowhere, huh? Oh my god, look at that. A-L-Life. A G-a-Life. For the draft mix. For the draft holes. Hey, you think the words can get a quarter back in the first round? Oh man, this is the time when you're brings out the real desparados. Man, the people would know not even a semblance of a life, you know? So anyway, about those hockey shows. Hey, stock. Okay, let's get back to this book, The Heart Revolution by Kilmer McCulley MD, which I mentioned last week about homo-system. Leave it to a homo to know about homo-system, which I'm waiting for that test result, by the way. Hey, Dr. Mark called me yesterday. It was in a lot better frame of mind than it was the day before. And give me some of my results, which show were pretty good. Collester all still a little bit high, though. Gotta work on that cholesterol. Now that I'm off that HCT, that might just do it, you know, because that goose is your cholesterol up there. My target was to ride, though, drop from 1-12 to 94. I'd be like that. Just three weeks. And anyway, you want me here about that. However, speaking of all this panic about cholesterol. And Dr. McCulley and the book tells you about all this. What I've been telling you for two years now, this low fat revolution is a bunch of bull crap. Because it's just the processed garbage is what it is. Processed crap. Low to with cholesterol, by the way. But he says only cholesterol that contains extra oxygen atoms. Oxygen atom. Oxygen by the way, that's ghee. We'll talk it to him in a minute. Oxygen cholesterol is harmful to artery arteries. Oxygen cholesterol is our creative one. Certain foods are processed. Let's take the classic example of eggs. The low cholesterol advocates have us believing that eggs are evil. We know that egg yolks contain cholesterol, which is used to make the cells and tissues of the developing chick. In fresh eggs, the cholesterol is protected from the oxygen of air by the egg shell and antioxidants in the yolk. Eating fresh eggs doesn't damage arteries because the cholesterol is pure. But when the egg yolks are sprayed right in the process of making powdered eggs, Oxygen cholesterol is formed. Sprayed right eggs are everywhere. They use in many package foods like cookies, crackers and other commercial-prepared baked goods, because they're easier to handle than fresh eggs. What's worse, the ingredients label just lists them as eggs, so you can't even tell if they're in the foods you're eating. The same goes for powdered milk, which also contains oxy cholesterol, the bad ones. This type of cholesterol is highly damaging to arteries and has been proven to cause arteriosploratic plaques. It's not only prepared baked goods or contain oxy cholesterol, fast food restaurants are a haven for these deadly fats. Typically, these places fry a lot of their food when chicken, for instance, is fried in cooking oil, some of its cholesterol converts to oxy cholesterol. If the cooking oil is not discarded after each use, oxy cholesterol is begin to build up in the oil and any food cooked in it, for example, French fries, which they put mayonnaise on by the way in Amsterdam, becomes liberally laced with oxy cholesterol. Do you think most fat food restaurants change the oil in their fires after each use? No. If you must eat in fat food restaurants avoid the fried foods altogether. He says, now getting back to this yeast up. He says the cholesterol and the cream of whole milk also becomes contaminated by oxy cholesterol. Milk is sprayed right to make powdered milk. Buttersan's contains cholesterol is susceptible to formation of oxy cholesterol. If butter is heated for prolonged periods, 24 to 48 hours, the oxygen in the surrounding air begins to react to the cholesterol and butter to produce oxy cholesterol, the bad stuff. The heated butter used in Indian cooking is a classic example. In the 1987 study of Indian immigrants living in London and increased risk of heart disease was observed, this was traced to their consumption of GE, GEE-E-E. The oxy cholesterol of GE evidently was causing accelerated arterial sclerosis and coronary heart disease at an early age. The oxy cholesterol we eat in powdered eggs, fried foods, heated butter and powdered milk, is likely to damage arteries and cause heart disease. On the other hand, if you fresh eggs, butter, milk or fruits saute in olive oil, your arteries will not be harmed. For all the non-believers reading this, I'll say it again. Oxy cholesterol is the only kind of cholesterol that can cause artery damage he says. Therefore, if you're on a low cholesterol diet, try to reduce your heart disease. What matters is that you restrict your oxy cholesterol intake. But you know what happens on a low cholesterol diet. Typically people give up ice cream and eat low fat cookies instead. A low cholesterol diet is often filled with highly processed low fat crackers and low fat desserts that actually contain more damaging oxy cholesterol on fewer nutrients that are diet containing fat. Essentially, this is a prime example of why the low fat, low cholesterol diet, doesn't work in reducing heart disease. In fact, it increases your chances of getting the disease. Oh, it says Dr. Ramecully. How do you like that? So, GEE, which is in this product that we were eating here yesterday, which is supposed to be a product that's so good for answer. And one of the reasons, by the way, it tastes so bad. If you look on the ingredients, it's got all these vitamins. That's what has that kind of medicinal, awful nasty, stale taste to it. See, I can take my vitamins and I do a lot of them in a pill. And so can anybody else. In fact, the doctor is always recommending Dr. Ramecully. All these things, he's got that negative vitamin nutrient that new book is. All this stuff that he wants you to take fine. But don't put it in a goddamn food bar. Huh? I mean, when I have my great stake in roots, Chris, do I want them to put a whole bunch of vitamin E and panetic acid and stick that in the stake while they're cooking it? No. I don't think so. I'd rather hear a hockey show first before I do that. And I would rather die than do another one of those awful hockey shows. Hey, stop! Oh, they were bad. Who were just reminiscing about how every time we get in that stuff during the hockey season, time of the year, the trend would come out and it would be in a crapper. Ratings would take a dive. In fact, that would be another good instant pull right now. People, the veterans of this show who used to listen to the IOD, but we did those hockey shows since we've never done one here, have we? No. Oh, thank God. I finally wise up. What was that time I had off chance to clear my brain out? You know, or maybe there was a chance in the, in the Eden Center, something that cleared my brains out a little bit, came to my senses. So if there's any people out there that turned it off and got upset when Rimmer was on an IOD and turned the station off, let's do a couple of minutes of that and find out. I could be wrong, 560, 560, pound 560 on the mobile and I'll get him. Why are you doing that? That's bad. This is another one of our instant pulls. You saw the tremendous reaction we had to that. I mean, I don't want to be dead horse, but I'm just wondering if what you're saying is an exaggeration. If people actually turned this show off, if it was dead to metal to this show, when we did that those shows and IOD, we want to hear about it. Because obviously it's my livelihood. I can't afford to hurt the show just to give somebody else's eagle a big boost and a free lunch. WCQAM? I like the hot to show. See, see there you go. That's him again. That was not him. Everybody in that call is now you think it was him. He keeps calling. He'll call the air. Your psychotic. Everybody, everybody who calls today are going to say that was Rimmer. You're starting to get like standing there. Maybe the ones that are him. You're worse than Sam Major now. WCQAM? Hello. Speak to me. You can't do it again because you're on them. WCQAM? Meal. Yes sir. I love the hot to show. There you go. WCQAM. That wasn't him. KUAM? I knew. No matter what guest you had on even boycare or whatever. Okay, thank you. I think you've been leading me down the garden path. Just because you have this conflict. I don't know what it is with the two of you guys. You have to have that three lunch that he's supposed to buy for you one day. Oh, by the way, that's our full question today. The serious one, WCQAM gets first. WCQAM gets first. The $200 that Greg Reed owes him for about five months now for being the employee of the month several months ago for about the last 18 months. Or the free dinner that Rimmer was going to give him for dubbing a bunch of stuff on a cassette for him a couple years ago. WCQAM gets first. The free meal for Rimmer or the $200 from Greg Reed or neither of the above. Or will he live long enough to see either one of them? No. WCQAM? No. Yes, sir. Yes. One more time. No, for the draft. No, no, we already did that. Get out of here. See, he's still loon the last question. WCQAM. Hockey blow. WCQAM. QAM, hello. There can't be spot. Can you respond to the question? It was a very specific question. I don't want these Johnny come late. I want our veteran audience out there. I want the Neely's out there. Did they turn those shows off when Jeff Rower was on. We were talking about Mike Lang and Don Sherry. All those great hockey shows that George resented because he's not into it. You know what I'm saying? They stuck. WCQAM. I like the hockey show. WCQAM. I agree with you. Those shows are pretty good. Okay. WCQAM. Can you stop? WCQAM. I remember one of you go back to broadcast school. You hockey bastard. WCQAM. How are you doing? Yes sir. I would say on the pole, no, no, neither. And Naples is an arctic. Okay. Oh yeah, the guy from Naples Italy that called yesterday by the way. It sucks. Okay. It's a horrible place. I talked to 752 guinea's last night. They all said, oh my god. I actually peek you. I'm not going to say what they said. That's a WCQAM. You have the wife to know. WCQAM. I do know that. That's a nice big to him. He has a nice wife. WCQAM. I like the hockey show. No. Was that for him? We were a talent. No. Oh, and you were wearing a... What was it? Go ahead. Two by the. Did he turn him off? Yeah. I thought I'm right there. Mitch streamer. Who's going to actually be smarter to the question. You're right about lunging though. They are emotional about this. They're very emotional about this topic. Make no mistake about it. WCQAM. Correct. Did I hear that right? Did this guy say... Yeah. WCQAM. All right. No. No. Hockey. No. No. The non-collo-wallyer. WCQAM. I'd rather listen to Rush Woodball than hockey. WCQAM. Can't say that sounds so simple and hokey. WCQAM. Yeah. I turn it right off. Okay. Right off. That must be the guy from the facts machine who finally come down. I pray. WCQAM. That was a remarkable QAM. Hello. QAM. Just being the Jeff Boother. WCQAM. Yeah. Okay. WCQAM. Hello. Rimmer sucks. Okay. WCQAM. WCQAM. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey. The hockey shows were off of it. They were really timely too because at that time everybody was desperate because we had a hockey team in South Florida. Yeah. And now that we don't have one. Okay. I guess now that we don't have a there's one. WCQAM. No. Yeah. I heard facts in the church. WCQAM. Hey. Yes, sir. Who wish you team luck tonight against the bees? Yeah. Good luck to you. Against the bees? Who's playing the bronze? Toronto? No, they're not. They're not? No. They're playing the islanders tonight. Oh. Okay. Get it right. See there's another knowledgeable fan. Wish my team luck tonight against the bees. Well, guess what? The bees ain't playing the leaves. Okay. The leaves are playing the islanders in Toronto tonight. How do you like that, eh? See if you want to start. If you want to start. That's another reason why the hell we should do those shows. See these people don't know anything about it. Even though ones are playing that they do. They're playing against the islanders with Felix Potham is back in a lot of. I think that unbelievable game stuff in 55 shots and a 4 2 and over jersey tonight. So go, how do you like that sir? I know my stuff, okay? Good luck against the bees. I think you got bees in your bottom. Okay. Sure. I think you're full of. Yeah. Like most of the other mavens we got down here. Tauki shows. Jesus Christ. How how when we go start doing some harness racing shows too? There you go. I have Georgie Brennan with Howard Parker. They got some time on their hands. Jim Mendes talks more. Oh, Jack. Right. Jesus. Oh, fourth radio. 5 60. Okay. We got a headgober from Shula State to a clock six o'clock tonight. We got a talk in baseball with Donny B. Any interest in that? Oh. And then 65 the marlins and the met again. Jesus Christ. They play every day. No. Marlins at the met again. 65. And if you're going to be listening for the Panther game tonight. The second the last ever Chris more broadcast on this radio station. The Panthers and the Montreal County ends. Then you'll have to turn over to waxes. 790 because the Panthers of course take a high in seat to those almighty marlins. Huh? They suck kind wheel to the marlins. By the way, his best friend of the second the national anthem's tonight of the Western Canada. I hope I sure hope so because we're going to the game not to see the Panthers in the kind of the end but to see both coincidentally national anthem's because she's the best. You're the best. We don't. At least you had that category in here in the city link. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. I'm so lucky. And well, you know that. I mean, this is not a sports town by no means. And any program director that would have just from run the air all I got to say is. Oh, my god. The man is a maniac. Yeah. Oh, boy. I tried to there a little bit emotional about that. You didn't believe me, did you? I'm getting back to city link. Now that we've kind of cleared the air here. So to speak. Back killed a good hour. That was good. Any interest in my gene by my dental care. That's stuff I read out of that. I'm giving you some really good information. By the way, I'm giving you some really heavy do these stuff. And, you know, do with what you want. It's Sally would say. We're just digging your brain and to make some use of it. Okay. Oxy cholesterol. Don't get sucked in all this baloney about eating stakes and eating butter and eggs. By the way, what do we have for lunch today? Let's talk about the important stuff. What we're going to have for lunch today. Now that my life is destroyed without those meatballs. I can't have the meat. You can tell the steak. Yeah. I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit different. Oh, I would like to understand. Well, there's your cost still off. That's what we're just a minute. Died is here or under something. Look at that. It looks like he frosted at one of the two hairs. He's going gray one of the other. Am I right? He's got like he frosted at a long time ago. How about it's here? So, anyway, what are we going to have for lunch today? From our good friend Chuk or from anywhere. Doesn't have to be from Chuk. We could do pizza loft. Along sure his balls have bread crumbs on him. And his meatballs probably too. You know, that was the disgusting thing. I just had the vision of Jeff Cohen running naked through the kitchen at the pizza loft. That's a disgusting vision. Well, how else would you get bread crumbs on your? I guess we'll just do like you said. The steak, the chopped up steak, but not like the last time you made it, Ne see your wonderful, but she made it. She melted the cheese so much. It was like watery. Remember that? It was like soupy. Remember soupy? What time is this, you're on? Okay, let's reminisce about all those great old people used to be on. What's my line? Arlene Francis. Ben at serve. He's dead. Soupy sales. Who else was on that show? John Charles Daily. He's dead. Huh? Anybody else? Dorothy Kilgallon. Very dead. And you know why she's dead, don't you? Geet? Too much ghee. No, I had nothing to do with ghee. Oh, ghee carbonome. Remember him from the Montreal Canadian? No. I didn't think you would. From the Adela Starr, I'm sorry. No, seriously, um, formerly from the Montreal Canadian. She, uh, would do too much about the Bobby Kennedy assassination. Didn't you ever read that? You know, you've got to get out a little bit more. You've got to start reading about stuff, you know, that that beyond the boundaries of the Carolinas would be good. So speaking about beyond the boundaries, here's the prestige. Oh, we got to do another break. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Well, I can't afford to get any further behind. I apologize. It's turned our show to pure instant crap today because the audio of all cracked out and we don't have a backup one like we used to a pack. Because this cheap bass on fit can only afford one for one unit per studio. That's why guilty is on and on that morning show. They don't want to have too many units in that studio. And he doesn't have one. But uh, so unlike the pack's and people want, you know, pack's was an asshole and he still is in a phony baloney and a goody two shoes and destroyed everything in his way. But at least they spent money. We had a equipment there that nobody needed nobody ever heard of. Nobody knew how it worked. But we had it. If they invented it, we had it here. It's like, uh, like this great car machine. We got to be here. Let me let me do anybody want to buy a car machine. No. In fact, that's the next pull question. Which would you rather buy this used car machine or spots on a Marlon games? Any takers? No. You want to buy some cheap spots on those Marlon games? No. Come on. You want to build that stadium? No. Right next door to your house. I'll take you to the tickets for free and I certificate for we need. Oh, would you go? Building a stadium. I'm going to take it upon myself personally. I will do everything in my power. Everything personally responsible. I take it on my own big broad slope shoulders to do whatever I can to prevent one penny of public funds to be built for another God damn stadium in this area. Thank you. You're welcome. God damn it. Crazing this craziness. All these people ripping off you know, just feeding it to public trust for a bunch of, you know, I was watching about two minutes to the Montreal game last night. The I'm not talking to hockey game. I'm talking about the baseball game. The exposed. The paper this morning says, 5,500 people. If there were a thousand people there last night, it was a lot. And guess what they're trying to get them to do in Montreal, build a new stadium for them downtown. And speaking of Joe Rose and the San Francisco Giants, I saw about two minutes of that game last night. And they paned through the crowd. The crowd were all in their disguises invisible people's red seats. They weren't disguised that. You couldn't complain about the crowd there because there wasn't any. And they're building a new stadium downtown there. Oh, go ahead. R-E-T-I-O-N. If there's a record sign, I'm gonna take off my shoes. Drop off my dress. If it's a dress, when I clear you, then I'll be here, relax. That's a big four-mile mile. I want to merge in every end of top of you and take it up. I'm overchated, who's too. Okay. If there's a red sign, I'll drop you through the wall. The R-E-T-I-O-N. I want to drink your ball. I want to love the quality of the event to suit your legacy. And then I'll give it a blow. Here's a boarding ticket. Let's take it to the red wheel, son. Fill your take-up, dance. I want to dress on the surround. You're hoping to. And make your wonder where we're going to. That's something red. And it's on circle side. Yes. We are easy. I know where it is. I want to drink our ball. We want to look at what is that popping clicking. Keep it back. Well, the audience started to get used to it. They were listening to you. I mean, of course, even when we don't have a technical problem, there's a lot of popping and tuking going on. Before I get to the city-link stuff, which I'll kill that article about five six hours. Hank may have to wait. Here's a story that certainly didn't get much publicity. Thank God. And it was buried way down in the bottom of the page. And this comes sent to this morning on the inside page two or three. Oh, there it is again. Now I'm starting to get concerned. Did you hear that? Did you hear that popping puke there? Whatever that was? What the hell was that? Wait a minute. Listen carefully. There it is again. Oh, seriously, this popping and puke time here at QAM. Well, listen, just plot ahead, okay? Just plot ahead. We don't have time to stop. We gotta make sure we get all the spots in. Since then, slightly injured in Tussle with gunman is the headline on the story here. And of course, the Simpson they're talking about is none other than... Oh, no. Oh, Jay. Los Angeles. Oh, Jay Simpson was slightly injured on Tuesday when he struggled with a gunman, KCBS TV reported. Damn it. Too bad the gunman didn't let you all this thinking. Simpson hand was cut by the barrel of the gun during the afternoon incident, which took place in Griffith Park after he had played golf. And a lot of golf there with those bad, arthritic knees aren't your OJ, huh? You don't want to say anything. Oh, yeah. Murdering bastard. The attacker came out with a gun and tried to get me to go with him and we wrestled Simpson told the TV station. Simpson said he'd bit the assailant. He pulled a Mar Valbert on the assailant during the attack and then tried to chase him in his car. Oh, there he goes again. Another one of those highway chases sounds permitted to me. And then he was talking to Burbank police on the Saturday phone at the time. Oh boy, doesn't this all take us back? But officers told him to end the chase and cut the crap is what they said. Anyone. Oh, man. Yeah. Probably stays the whole goddamn thing and didn't all he made here in the papers here was way down on the bottom of the page and page it. That nobody reached. Damn it. I mean, anybody with a gunman got that close to OJ obviously was. Take your of business. Okay, getting to a city like magazine, by the way. In their yearly, a best of worst of it. They didn't do the worst do they. Like a new time. Now, you know, the Broward thing. First the Readers choices. Okay, the Readers toy and they I don't understand really what this is all about. They've only got about seven categories. They've got 50,000 categories inside. Now that the Readers will, I don't know what this means. Readers choice, waitress, best waitress, Rosie O'Neill at Creoleen isn't for a lot of mail. Do they hear Rosie O'Neill? No. Give her her Creoleen as well. No. Best bartender, Dar at Rosie Baby and Latter Hill. They've heard of Dar. I remember we used to go to track with a guy named Dar and Michigan years ago. Historical TV newscast to Recourse Rick Sanchez, best local radio personality. This is the Readers choice. Obviously, he's stuffed the box. Paul Castro, oh well, I almost couldn't get it out. Got. Local newsical performer Tony Bishop, local artist Stan Street and government official Nancy Graham, every her of those last three. No, not a be above. Never heard of one of Paul Castro, I'll be ever heard him. No. Okay, now we're getting the city link picks first before we get into their picks. Don't always have any categories. Since they they looked maybe that's what we're hearing. On a monitors, we're hearing the sound of the lucky lucky sounds from the city link staff over there who love us to pieces. What have we happened to that Howard Beel guy by the way? Used to write all that great stuff in city link. All in before I get to your good friends Susan Barardi by the way, George. Before I get to that. Among the categories, I'm looking through all the dining places in best place. And places in best pizza and best the tag in and best this the best place for dessert and Broward. Not that I'm in the market for desserts. I can't eat it, but I just had a curiosity of because the name caught my attention. A place called the T-ROOM. A 21 East Law, all was Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale. Because I mean, I know a lot of you out there and lost all us in Fort Lauderdale. When you go to the T-ROOM, I know what you're looking for. You're looking for glory hole. Right, which George has never seen one by the way in his life. The name of the place is the T-ROOM. And it's the best place for dessert. I bet you're Peter Clayton, the late great restaurant reviewer. Peter Clayton would probably agree. I wouldn't be surprised if he got a few desserts in the T-ROOM's of this community over the years. But that's another story, which is too close to lunch and that story. Okay, getting back to Susan Barardi, now who is she? She writes for a city link. Yes, and we know her from marketing magic. She used to work there when we were in a factory in the building with them. Right, did I know her? No. You've seen her. Well, her face is right here. Never the last. Hi Susan. Bitch. So anyway, we talked about her. George tells me several weeks ago, we're not that long ago, because she wrote an article over the French Canadians and she got an, I was just got one line. Yeah. I thought it was right. That's right. Now remember, she's just given a shot. The passing in her aim was to, and they got bent out of shape those frogs. So now I get to have in the midst of this thing here today, this gigantic issue with all their best of stuff. They allow the staff to also, along with their own editors or whatever wrote the other stuff. The staff makes their picks. So Susan gives about a half a dozen different things here. Best, the bumper sticker. Mean people suck. That's the best bumper sticker. Mean people suck. That's weak. That's really weak. But anyway, this always this. Best radio personality, Neil Rogers. Rogers wins by default, based purely on the lack of choices. Susan says, besides the real reason behind this pick is Rogers producer George Rodriguez. He's a friend and a good guy. To what you're so embarrassed that you're not even going to say that. Oh, no, he's looking in the DCS for some. Thanks. Yeah. Thanks. I think what you were looking for was probably that fucking bitch. I would have been in real good for Sue. Okay. What do you want, Sam? What do you want? Don't wink at me. Okay. You're not my type. Drew, what do you want? What's it talk to you? Okay. What's the verbal intercourse with you? If he's going to do a lot of those van hits. Okay. Tom, this is, we're not interested. Okay. So now we get to the nitty gritty. Now we get to the big categories here. Best TV anchor. City like magazine says Rick Sanchez. Panel seven. We know what you're thinking. Rick Sanchez, are you people joking? He makes a mockery of local TV news. Exactly. It says we've given up pretending that our local news is anything but a noisy real freak show of worthless, blow-dried pozers, shamelessly grabbing us by the lapels that exaggerated readings of any story that comes with a lace grater or yellow police tape wrapped around it. Who better do embody this low-brow pantering to our base of instincts than Rick Sanchez? Who we suspect will be squatting over South Florida? Where do they get that line out? Wonder. For as long as WSB and Chelsea will allow. How do you like that? He'll be squatting over South Florida as they continue stealing material from this show. I already have a homosexual relationship with Leo. So I might as well have one with you too. Best TV reporter Michael Putney. Oh, boy. That must have been before that to Cuba thing. You know, before that baseball game, there must have written this. Is a good guy, Michael. But, uh, oh, god. Just shameless pandering. Bending over backward. Doing summer assaults backflips pandering. So on that one. Best TV weather person Amy Murphy on channel 7. Do I know who that is? No. I have no idea who that is. I thought I knew every weather fairy, every weather person in this town. Do I have any clue who Amy Murphy is? No. In fact, it's interesting. There are obsessed with that. I bet to the city like people who watch any other channels because best hair on TV news. Belky is in the way. It's a good thing they didn't have a category for best name of the TV people. Because Belky is in the way, certainly. No. Oh, man. It's more like a feathered skull cap, really. But Belky's in a very pixie do is a welcome counterpoint to the helmet heads and big bad looking Dan O waves that march across our TV screens like shampoo, so if Jesse brings nightmare. No role is no setting gel. No big blow dry moose on the loose. Belky is a great looking 90's version of an anorexic young Liza Manelli who sets the coffee or a pace for the no nonsense. This is just in the newsroom kind of reporting. Can you believe this? No. She's a freak show. I'd like Merlin Mitchell with a cat eyes. Mine eyes have never seen anything like that in my life. Okay, now we get to the good stuff. Okay, after they're looking over with Channel 7, I think the reason being that we used to work over day. And by the way, I drove by the way, the doctor a couple days ago on Monday. Is there anything in that old IOD building do we know? Boxes. Does anybody know? Huh? There's nothing in there. This goes to show you when you have that much money, how dangerous you are. When action bought IOD, he also bought that old building. Even though we weren't going to have a radio station in there, they bought the building, not having any idea what they were going to do with it. And it's just sitting there. So I'm a suit. I don't I can't assume anything. Maybe when I sold a clear channel IOD and all the radio out, maybe they sold on that building or maybe not. Does anybody know? The answer? Who knows? What's a new there? Just sitting there is like an appendage to Channel 7 on the SNL 3. Causeway. Anybody know? The answer? Okay, now let's get to the good stuff. Okay, this TV sportscaster. 85 guesses and the first 84 don't count. Thank you. That was funny. Except for Channel 10's football intensive sports jam. Thank you Allberg. Doesn't do much local TV, which is too bad because his alter informed that and gambler friendly insights will sharply improve any area sports cast. That's what Joe Costello says. Instead, the hammer covers the competition as an at large NFL reporter for ESPN, which thanks to they not to see we're going along fine now, but again another mistake. Too many mistakes in his town. Can anybody write anything in a paper and a rag and a handout without making a mistake? No. ESPN, which thanks to the well-sourced gold bird, first broke the Jimmy Johnson isn't quitting after all story. Were they the first ones to break that story? No. No. No. Thank gold bird, broke the story all right, but it was on the new Rogers show on QLAM minutes before they had it on ESPN. How do you like that? City link and they liked me at City link, but they still can't get it right. It says locals get gold bird's school from 2 to 6 p.m. each Monday through Friday. On WQAM 560 a.m. Always can say that is stupid. Yeah. Get it right. Just once I'd like to pick up a pair, I'd like to even pick up a piece of toilet paper and look on there and read something that was accurate in this town. On and on it goes as the misinformation just keeps going around and around and of course here doesn't make any difference. Oh, still good. 1132 at 560 WQM and got head gold bird coming up at 2 has been voted the best TV sportscaster by prestigious City link magazine whose paper whatever this rag is. Does anybody read this? Oh, well that's why I'm reading it till you're on the air. Kills some good time and you're interested. They're all interested in this aren't they? Oh, but you're sweet. That's way to lay here who gets best radio sportscaster. I'll give you one hint. Okay. There you go. See what did I tell you? Haven't I always been right on top of this? This man is a genius. He's a panic. He's off the wall. He's sort of viable. He's crazy that a bed bug. Our very own. She a man which. It says he can be loud of noxious and sexist and he couldn't care less about most anything but the dolphins and dolphins that all we have to do often. But in spite of and perhaps because of his narrow minded sensibility, no one on the sports dial is entertaining as passionate as honest as rash or as funny as the bad dog. And no one appears to be having as much fun talking about the games, Department of Sunflow to life as the former dolphins tied in. Also, we're like a lot of ex-jocs who have no business sitting behind a microphone. Man, this is learned the craft of his profession, which makes him a ride as they talk host. That's what it says. Seven W's and that is exactly right. There you go. On the whole path thing, you're off this show. As a talk host and color commentator on dolphins radio broadcast. Right. There you go. Best suck up sports announcer. I'm assuming they're talking about the TV people by the way. It says all of them. The last time we saw any of our esteemed local sportscasters get under the skin of the people they cover. The giant sucking sound, Ross Perro, once referred to any horrendous about NAFTA, is really the sound of ex-jocs and powdered pretty boys avoiding the kind of confrontational questions that usually come from journalists. Then again, journalism with a few exceptions disappeared from local TV years ago and was never applied to much of sports anyway. So don't expect that sucking sound anytime soon or wherever. Don't forget. The gacky sucks. Okay. Okay. Now we get to the good stuff. Okay. Best AM radio personality of course. Oh god. Naturally. Best AM radio. Best AM personality on a station below 600 on the dial that's located in north-dead between the Broward border and the, yeah. I mean, best AM radio personality. That's not exactly like a great, you know what I'm saying? That's like a good luck or great pat on the back. I'll be do suck pretty hard. It says is there a better radio personality at all. The AM or FM in this town than the arroggies. And then it says no, it says no. Sorry. No. Is there anyone who can cut through our ass and iron religious political and sexual hypocrisy better than roggies? No. Is there anyone who gives listeners the vicarious thrill of telling the boss off to stuff it better than roggies? No. Is there anyone other than roggies who's so rightly exposed, rush limbo and Dr. Laura as Neo fascist blow hard? No. Has roggies ever been better? No. Is Neo roggies God? No. I think it says no. But does his do no harm, religion, no collection plate, no steeples, no televangelists make really good sense? Yes. There you go. Will local AM radio be the same on roggies finally retires? No. And who the hell is the guy that says I'm out of your show anyway? It's Buffalo Bill, you silly people. No. And that's slow Larry King. And that's uh, where is it? Come on. No. So there you go. How do you like that? Paul, I'm telling him. My ego is just taking a city like magazine. I mean, have I, is my ego am I talking like a peacock now? No. And I'm still in shock about the response of those great hockey shows. I can't believe that. I think you, I think you set those people up. He claims, remember was calling an over and over again. I think it was George was calling an over there. He was still in his appallance over routine. Because I know they loved those hockey shows. That was probably one of the great highlights. One of the, what? George has even fostered you it with turn those off if you were alive today, with turn them off. Best FM radio personality Howard sperm. Leave the hard question to the audacious radio broadcaster and best selling author. Without Howard Stern, we never know that Pamela Anderson Lee is a three input woman. Or that Heather Lockler excrete several times a day. Taking a bigger morning, Jonathan and double latte. I'll see there we go again with a big double latte with your spik stop. The likeable shock shock isn't as thick saying. What is it? It's a West Coast New Age coffee thing. Like a casino, right, which is an attenent thing that you try to steal. The likeable shock is like I said, there they go with a West Coast pseudo, Lingo. The likeable shock shock isn't about putting himself in strange positions. Like the timing measured this penis and fell short compared to his three-man team. Well, even Robin had a bigger penis I heard. Got a love rose contest too. Like when one lucky girl recently got a surgical makeover courtesy of Howard with sci-kick Robin Quiver's laughing all the way. You have any idea what that means? Oh. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. And best radio DJ Freddy Cruz on Hot 105 and the quiet store. See, I would say Phil had been doing Freddy Cruz. We'd be the best radio DJ and the quiet store on Hot 105. Interesting not Freddy says it goes out about his bedroom voice in a soft cool romantic meloton that barely breaks a whisper. And Cruz says, I think they like the voice someone talking softly to them. Will an are sensitive man? I make believe I'm whispering in her ear. You don't have to scream. I don't like the guy screaming in my ear. I can't deal with that kind of radio. Says Freddy Cruz. He can't deal with that kind of radio. Some guy screaming at him on a radio. Well, Bafangu and you too, Freddy. Oh, wait, it's not so hot 105. I knew realize he was on Hot 105. Was he on Hot 105? Was he on Hot 105? Was he on Hot 105? No. Anybody in this audience doesn't know Hot 105? No. If we can find one person in this audience who listens to Hot 105, we might give away a prize. Not. I mean, if we had a prize, we'd give them a prize. Right? I'll bet you dimes to donuts. I'll bet you the cost of today's lunch, which is, Oh, I bet you that much. That there isn't one person in this audience who listens to Hot 105. Going once, going twice. That phone line is that board is dead as a dornio. Hot 105. Yeah, I listen to Hot 105. You listen to Hot 105? Okay, thank you. That's the one. Oh, look at that. There's several of them ringing. Oh, my God. If I open up a jackpot. Okay, that's your poll question. Would you read to hear Remember Do a Hockey Show or listen to Hot 105? Look at that. There are a bunch of people lighting up. Okay, let them ring. I'll get to them. Just keep ringing it. I think it's a set of Bob Reigns, got these people on the phone. It's a set of. Nice drive, Bob. Bob on this. Shut up, you. Okay. Do a knock-shiss ball in this tasteful. The dolphins are cursing and man, it's disgraceful. Cause Brian caught some, the rest of them must say. Don't like me. They might be a sh** out of you. Mother f**k. Words of love, they toss in the microphone. The jump button just can't seem to be left alone in all of them. This is because they like saying. Don't like me. They might be a sh** out of you. Mother f**k. Oh, but they play football badly. They play. How does the patriots kick their hands? So f**k. Well, they make it to the Super Bowl. But with an attitude as bad as theirs. They're tossing our hopes down the stairs. I just had no idea how to make it. I just had no idea how to make it to the Super Bowl. I just had no idea how to make it to the Super Bowl. I just had no idea how to make it to the Super Bowl. I just had no idea how to make it to the Super Bowl. I just had no idea how to make it to the Super Bowl. I just had no idea how to make it to the Super Bowl. I just had no idea how to make it to the Super Bowl. I just had no idea how to make it to the Super Bowl. So when you begin with, Roll Pop the Super Bowl teams, then down you perfectly smoothing yourboots to avoid being shot in a snowboard. That's good to know. I wanted to hear a better thing about being shot in your earbuds. I know the difference on whether it's going to be On your sorrows the first time. Anyway, speaking of sick, I am taking everything back I said about city link. I'm embarrassed. Just like within the times, what was it I was embarrassed about that they had in there something really grotesque on the same page? Wortified. Wortified. Well, guess what? Best newspaper column in the sports. Guess who they picked there at the Sunday at the US. The Michael Mayo. The anxious Michael Moscow. It's Mayo. Whatever his name is from the scum Sentinel. So Mike Mayo was premature to write that Jimmy Johnson was a chicken hearted coward when the story was wrongfully broke that the dolphin coach was resigning. It turns out that Johnson wasn't a coward after all. And the same can be said for Mayo. Who has never been afraid to tell a like it is or how it should be without photo sports teams. But by the advice, concise yet entertaining almost always fair it says. I guess the almost might have to do with our close, best personal friend Dave Halberstam. Okay, brought us in at the end by the way, handcuffs don't copy the book. Hardaway last one. Okay. Okay, calm down. Sports on New York Radio will play by play history, which thanks a lot for saying that back down because Hank already had a copy. Thank you, Hank and Corey. By the way, he called yesterday. Who did after the show? Dave Halberstam. Yes. Excellent book. I read a lot of it last night because it was really whatever was on TV. Do you know, whatever game I was fully in the Buffalo pretty boring. And I was reading a lot of this boy. I said, I brought back a lot of good memories for me in bad memories. Oh, here's Marvelle. But by the way, a very young Marvelle. When he signed out and do the Rangers games a hundred years ago, looking just like our own Corey Sabin with a little bit more hair. In fact, I would say this picture looks more like Corey Sabin. Well, almost as much as the dead end, we can end, looks like Sam the sham. That's going to be our office pool. The audience can't participate in the pool because they can't see him. But Corey Sabin and Young Marvelle, but I don't know if Corey is like, you know, putting on negligee and panties and a lot of back fighting, but we are Jewish. Oh, that's right. Oh, there's probably is. Well, and here's one of the, here are the all these pictures. Great book, Halby. It says there are many who believe that Winnelli had might have been the best radio broadcast to the New York Rangers ever had, which I would say absolutely correct. Sir, he was great. Winnelli, who is, you know, like a kind of a goofball on CBS radio sports for years. But boy, did he do a great thing? He made those games exciting and he was great. No, didn't you? No, I don't know. Winnelli had to win the Ranger and then there's a whole big piece here in Jim Gordon who did the job and a great thing on less citer. Well, like I said, has been in a wife for about 100 years, living the life of Riley, and how they've helped us to him is obsessed. And I'm not knocking because this is a good guy. Marty Glickman with that real, real heavy New York, Marty Glickman. I mean, see, Marty was great, but he couldn't get a job anywhere other than New York and New England because he had a real heavy northeast of Maxine. But he was great. He did the John's games for about 600 years and he also would call the race that the anchor's raceway before Bullard Bob Meyer. Anybody know anything about that? No, of course not. See, I'm talking abstract to all these people. They don't know what I'm talking about. They would know Bullard Bob Meyer from Jordan Meyer. Exactly, same difference to you, right? From Meier, Kahani. He's not doing too good. Oh, so like I said, if you're in the New York Radio Sports, there is D-Roy, L-D-Rigadda, he was good. He was outstanding. There's Al-Healthor. We already did this yesterday. And there's Morty Glickman. Look at that. Marty must have been about 2ft tall. And Giants put her Dave Jennings. He did that, or Dave Jennings was like 9ft tall because Morty Glickman looks like a midget. Or any harwell? The greater any harwell gets some teeth or any he's great though. Don Dumpy. I would say the greatest boxing announcer wherever live Don Dumpy along with less citer and Bill Stern. But Don Dumpy was the best. Kurt Gowby, looking about 200 years old, not picture, binge-cully, mel Allen, melvin, Israel, Spencer Ross. Like I said, I remember a Spencer Ross and Stan Bursting racing from Yanker's racing from Roosevelt. Of course not. Like I said, the people down here from New York, where did they go? What did they do? Were they just doing time up there like behind bars? Yeah, because that was what it was. They never got much on the outside. All these people who have come here from all these other, I'm not talking about 10th world countries. I'm talking about other places in America. I posed this question yesterday. I've been posing it for 23 years. For all you posters out there. What did they do? Where did they go? Did they ever know anything about... All of these things. But I'm always referring to, no. I don't get it. I just don't understand it. But what do I know? What did you QAM? Hey George. Yes sir. Oh hey, I didn't realize I didn't hear anything. Oh you must speak to George? Oh no no no no. I'd rather speak to you. I'd two things. I worked with Marty Clinton. I worked with a little last time. See like I said, if you look long enough, you'll find a guy that knows something about life. No, I worked with the Connecticut Radio Network when I was in college and after that, he used to call University of Football. He was a Connecticut football ambassador. That's right. I got to say he was terrible, but this was like the early 80s. And he just got the names wrong in everything. He wasn't a bad guy to work with. He was a nice enough guy to deal with. It just wasn't a heck of a lot of good work. Well you're going to have to hop over Dave Halberstein's body because he's obsessed with Marty Glickman. He just he just he's on almost every page every time he mentions Marty's name. I like it. I definitely want to see that book. I mean I know Marty Glickman was tremendous in the 50s and the 60s and even into the 70s, but you said you said you're so 100 times. Sometimes you just got stuck away. Now Dave Jennings, I've met Dave Jennings a few times. He is like six foot four or so. So that's why you were saying the Marty Glickman might be young. They looked about three feet six in that picture. Jennings was the puncher for the Giants and my mentor said yes. I met him a few times because his father was the president of the unit of the unit of the university that I went to and he was around the campus quite a bit in the spring time stuff and I met him. I was just doing different things. He's like six four or so. I definitely I think I think how he liked Marty Glickman because he was Jewish. I remember I noticed going through the book he likes the Jewish guys a lot of melaline. He liked him red barber not too crazy about he was a guy. The Jewish guys he liked the best. I remember when I was growing up it was joy. He was going to do in the announcing on a Ranger game. And his color man was the guy they called the big riffle. He was a former refining goat Chadwick his pictures in here. That's in here. In fact in the back of the you'd really appreciate this book. In the back of the no no don't see it go by it. In the back of the book he's got the list of all the broadcasters from all the from all from the very first years the Rangers the devil's the owners NFL champion on all the New York stations. What station they were on the years that they broadcast. No, I'll tell you what was painful. Yeah. Yankees were terrible. I mean I was like nine years old. I mean Yankees and what else? I like he had on a TV the Yankees in the mess and he had risotto, the old white and frank messer. They're exactly. And they had the jackocracy again took over to cover the reins. No, the white was knowledge about what just happened. He wasn't good at it. They don't come any worse than the scooter. Okay. The screen is going to have naked pictures of George Steinbrenner or somebody because he's just unbelievably bad. Frank Messer to me was one of the worst I've ever heard in my life. And I'm not whole business with scooter doing that only. He doesn't see. He really used to be upset because he thought that the scooter stole Holy cow. He doesn't say Holy cow. He says, holy cow. What the hell? Holy cow. I mean, I mean, somebody can fart up their holy cow. Listen, and it's in conclusion going back to your first poll today. Yes. We have remembered to a hockey draft. And that's coming. Have a great day, pal. Okay. Say how to Morty Glickman. He's still alive and then Marty still alive. Better be. Here's Ross Hodges. Ross Hodges, who was a holiday dancer, but nobody in the world would know. Ross Hodges was the voice of the giants for many, many, many, many, many, many years. Unless of course, that one great call. See, everybody in life has that one opportunity. Ross Hodges, the giants went to Penn at Bobby Thompson. So, home run and that playoff of the Dodgers 51. And that's why he became famous. Ross Hodges. Jim Woods. Jim Woods, who's always the, who's always second fiddle. He was always like the number two man, Camel Allen or Jack Buck or Bob Prince. But he was great Jim Woods. Anybody remember Jim Woods? No. Of course not. I'm talking to myself here. I'm playing with myself. I'm talking one language. These people got no idea. Like I said, Marty, Glickman, a Yocker's Raceway. These people are busy listening to the Hot War 05. They know Alfredo Cruz and the quiet storm. That they know. No, yeah, sure. I think, Freddy Cruz is putting all the recommended. That's the problem. Too much whispering out of my deal, Freddy. Okay? Too much blowing in the ear. Which when we used to work over in Edd building, too, there was a lot of blowing in the ear going on. Was in the ear or a vacuum. Here was an R on the beginning. How did you do it? How did you do it? How did you do it? I don't have it here. What the hell are you doing? I got it. You want the answer or not? I'm not going to give it to you. I got it. If you would have just been a little bit patient. But I'm not going to give it to you. Jackass. Who cares how magic that happens in our lives? Does anybody care about how magic is going to be a boy friend there? No. He doesn't work on magic anymore. He's one of our people. Boy friend. I'm not one of my boy friends. Oh, sonny fox. Jesus Christ. What a grotesque thought that is. Hi, this is Sonny Fox. I was the needle rod just because I could hear the word asshole. Thank you. WQAM. George. Yes, sir. Oh, Neil. Yeah. I'm going to bring the phones to this week because George is resting up for when I go in the patient. What about Gordon Solie? What about him? What do you do wrestling? Yeah. Did he? Yes. I know he did. Porter wrestling or whatever. What about him? But what was that after doing this? This is a book about New York sports castes. What is that after doing this? I thought you were just doing great sports. I mean, that's okay. But I'm just saying the book is about sports on New York radio. But of course, you're not from New York. Thank God. So you know exactly. Good for you. Thank God. Yeah. And Neil, what about Jim Landley? What's he smoking these days? Yeah. Okay. Jim Landley. Hey, how does his wife feel about what you ever grow any armist? No. What's her name? Brew Walker. She has arms. They just end in. Oh, they're like rimmers arms. Alligator arms. You know, so short that they could ever reach the check. What? Maybe he likes Brew. Okay. Some people like to eat Brew and some like other kinds of like you know. The wonderful beautiful woman who happens to have demon lines. Like little teeny tiny like paws. Jim Landley says that the paws would be fresh. Hey, what's he has affair? How I love the liquor clinton that is all I become a singing like the unknown. All right. Mr. Mary, cast a redwood so with friends with what I done. He gave me action with fur sun. Can you see for their feelings that this someone's the number one? They thought I was unknown. Yes. Found a way to make some passion hope to roll. He's will let me cause retired none so get none. I never made it that big cause I didn't look that great. So I got the unhu had it to endure them getting late. Had my one and only hit them that bad. It's inducted. The Pope said, there's my big. Now that I'm dead I can't reveal how much I wanted Sally. You go with lint in my wheel. Or tell me. Tell me. Yeah, I thought I'd switch that around a little bit. Do you believe that? No. I just had to get in there somewhere. It's 12.02 at 5.60 W to QM. Now let's get to the meeting good stuff. Best place for donuts according to city link. Crispy cream. Oh, right on baby. I was not just talking about that. Although this is the one in Fort Laterdale. Remember the guy called that day and I said I thought he was nuts. Crispy cream is right by that egg. So maybe that's the deal. Crispy cream has to be near an egg place. Because the one on 163rd is next to the Hammond Eggory. Right? And the egg in you or the egg in eye and the egg in the egg. To the crispy cream right in Fort Laterdale at 241 North Federal. Why? Let's place for a cheese and steak Western road hogeys in Western. But I got a good cheese and steak without the bread right here for my friend Chuck over to Subcenter. Since he doesn't have that other steak anymore, this is good. Very good. Doesn't have any carbohydrates. It also doesn't have any ghee in a doctor. Akin's. Gee. There's no ghee in my lunch. And it's loaded up with all kinds of hidden carbohydrates. And I guarantee when I go home today and take my blood sugar won't be 200 like it was yesterday after eating those disadvantaged bars. Yeah, now that's what I'm going to start calling them man. But this advantage bars instead of ingredients on the labels got along list of all the disadvantages of eating them. One of them they taste like crap. Number two they're loaded with crap. Number three they'll make you crap. And number four they are crap. This advantage bars highly promoted in enthusiasm. You approved made in Canada by a bunch of crafty old conucks. Alrighty, but getting back to that book. There's a line that nobody here. Maybe I got somebody listening to Rada again today. The chapter that Halberstein's got here on the hockey announcers. And of course he starts right off the bat. It says it would be an injustice not to begin a history of hockey broadcasting with foster Hew at the long time, both of the Toronto Maple Leafs and the progenitor of hockey on radio. And he goes on and on yadiyada yadiyada. Anymections of great guys like Dan Kelly and Bob Wilson and Fred Cusick. It's said I'm so on. And the edge and see the thing I like in here. There actually even a halby tends to you know suck a lot of button here. There actually are some comments in here that I'm surprised that he put in the book. But they're right on target Jim Gordon. See that's one region Gordon was great. I don't know how he was in the giant games. And it never heard me got a lot of criticism in the earth. He was great on a range of games. I used to hear those. But it says Jim Gordon who spent many years broadcasting range of games on both television and radio puts the accolades for foster who would in a tempered perspective. It didn't take much to the good back then. We were a primitive business by today's standards. He was awful. Oh thank god somebody else said that beside me. When I say that to my Canadian friends they look at me like I just peed on a picture of the guy Dan Queen or something like I just had another. Eaton center miss having my pantaloonies. He was terrible. Bill is you what was the best ever his son. But foster he was like a whiny shrill old lady. awful terrible. And life's calling Jim Gordon actually open up a mouth and tell a like a is. And even better for Dave Halberstein to put in the book. Thank you Dave. And don't bring us any more stale bad guy show home and touch next year please. See that's what really bugs me about getting back to the Michael Mayo thing again. To go in a newspaper column and urge that somebody be fired somebody you know who's a good guy doesn't have a big head bone in his body who made a joke that name. And I think that's what's much about nothing okay. Every time you make some kind of comment just like the grease man up there. You can say it about Jews you can say it about gays you can say it about Chinese people. But if you say it about sports is right away it is up tight to side we got right away your fire. And here's Michael Mayo hold the Mayo who is wishing and praying that Dave Halberstein got can because he had a slip of the tongue that they got a little bit better which I don't even remember what it was to be honest with you. I'll be right about it in the book and thanks for mentioning the fact that at Kaplan Hank and I were supportive of it and we still are healthy. And Mike Mayo wishing a lot of the newspaper line-o a way to make sure it doesn't happen again. And calling us on the air in protest after I got on the air the next day screaming and chewing his ass out and promising to write a retractant in a apology that they've helped her stand. And then even after the guy did get fired by the heat. And then apology are we traction a word about it. Do you lying piece of turd Michael Mayo? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Yes. Unless everything is good for everybody. So what about everyone? Anyway. Well we have that. Buyer and hamac Are you fucked up? Yes or? Yeah, it's a great book. I was a guy about Mar Valbert. I was a kid growing up. And I goofy looking kid at his Kenny Albert. Looks like he came up with a spaceship. What a musha-like smile. He throws up with the next game. You know, you had, you know, lived in Elton. I mean, feeling too old, he said, and Bob Murphy lying dry-eaf. Is what's the Nelson dead? And then, I think he is? No. Yeah. I think so. And Ralph Kiner, who said back then. Oh, my goodness. Well, yeah. He was the worst. The worst I ever heard. Yeah. I want to switch gears for the act in for a second. Go ahead. A good thing on the act is exactly young without the sauce. That's right. You absolutely right. Well, what could his act feel young without the sauce? What fills you up? And it's for you get the pork in there. It's which you can eat, of course. Very good. Uh-huh. I'm not even exaggerating. And what's your act? I can feel young without the sauce. It's just ag- Exactly. No, it's not. It's got stuff in. Depends on what you get in. If you have onion and chicken or pork or meat or all of the above, but it's not so young then. She's walking along the street. You're walking along. You're walking along. Okay. This guy's trying to be helpful. You've got a PNR for it. Go buy your disadvantaged bars for your wife and leave us alone. Okay. You put your pork in it and put your pork in it. Yeah. And you get it's great. And you put your lotion in the basket and you're right. Absolutely correct. Have a great day, sir. Pal. God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See we're talking to four languages. Sorry I brought up the Dave Halberstein book. These people don't know what I'm talking about. How sad. How sad indeed. That we're here in this God forsaken place. Well, they don't know. They don't know when Elliot from the Chupa Cobba. 255, 50, 50. I've been to the Baptist of Promised Today. So he was going to bring him tap in yesterday's apologizes for what he sends it in today. Remember the tape of the Appanthag Game from the other night, which I didn't have. Thank God. Where I, and there's no point in my watching it because I found out from the inside that he already said, Shini, hockey, any system. He didn't say what he usually says like, I feel really, really, really. You know, he said they were playing Shini, hockey. And then it goes on here to just rip the, you'd like this note by though, you just rip the crap on, on, on, uh, rumor, just rips the, this note. I mean, just rip it and says, please do four to five hours today about, uh, Davey Kian. Okay. We love Davey Kian. We love you, Davey, but you're the best, et cetera. Even though he didn't show up on it last night in the gardens, but you needed the rest. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. See, there are one of the reasons that this could never be a sports down, even if it had the inclination to which it does not. And that when you hear these people calling it, they don't even know who to help bills in for is. Okay. Or like I asked, you know, do you like Zimfer better than Rick Weaver? They don't even remember who Rick Weaver was. Seriously, I've never had a call about Rick Weaver. And how can you be a sports fan without getting in the broadcasts, who made the game exciting? Of course down here, most of the sports guys never did make the game exciting in the first place. So that's why, so what do they ever hear in their lives? What do they know? Christina Moron? Huh? Bill Zimfer? That's the cattle computerized voice here that sounds like it's being spit out of a computer, well, totally lacking in the vote of any personality. Like Hank always says, knees right about this, if you went out on the street, even if you went to the stadium, while the sports nerds are. And you walked up to 100 people and said, who's the broadcaster for the Adolfing Games? Can you tell me? And they'd probably if they had any name, they would say, rock your marriage. Even though he does the color and not to play by play. And you say, okay, well, he does the color and he's great. He's funny, but who does the play by play? And you know what they would say? Eeeeh! That's what they'd say. They don't know. WQAM. Hey, yeah, this shorts. Yes, sir. Would you give the old today, man? He's fired up like crazy. Yeah, he's not his mind today. Of course. I think he runs drugs. He brought some good stuff back from Amsterdam. Then I haven't seen him. So we're happy to fly there on a wild. I know. He's like he's like a mock tent. Well, maybe because that's bad, tub lost a little weight. You know. Oh, that might do it. Have a great day, pal. Wait a minute. What thing? Are you going to talk to him? No, I was going to tell you first and tell you to tell me what you thought. Okay. Well, you know, how you've always thought about that guy, Peter Norris? Yeah. That's that star. Well, I'll give him a guy gave me a movie with. Peter Norris. Yeah. And I never seen him. I gave him a movie with Peter in it. Yeah, well, I never seen him. That's a muzzle velocity in my life. Uh-huh. Anyway, so then there was a court. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Then there was another one that's called court. Court, court, court. Yeah. Will slip up and that's the delereo. Right. And she was doing two guys at the same time. I don't mean two guys different holes. I mean two guys. And those things, things same, uh, orifice. Yeah. So then it would be like, go on here. And these are offices in this building all the time. So then it reminded me that old addicts must be wrong. One in the hand is not bad. We're two in the bush. Okay. Anyway, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. That was good. And right ahead of good conversation with him. He sounded like an interesting guy. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. How about bud lynch? Bud lynch from Detroit. Well, Venus Detroit. Who's still as the PA by the way at the Jolouis Arena? And how about, uh, van Tetrick? You know, you're doing the Audi Detroit people. Vant, but you know that van Tetrick with WSRF on the year and for a lot of the day, 100 years ago he owned it. He's going to put it on the year. You're going to get marked with even though that. Do you ever used to do the tiger games, way before any harwell? Tiger games before. Or in harwell. I used to play for Detroit. Um, give me a hint. Uh, I'll feel the most of this first name. Harry. Harry, Harry, Hileman. Harry, Hileman. Bro, great. What did you have Neil Brignan? Harry, I wasn't even there then, but I, I, I, I, I write about it. Okay. Thank you. See you. I'll kiss you with the book is about New York. What, what's with all the New Yorkers? We, we don't have any New Yorkers down here. If they've hammered them out of written a book about Great Chicago broadcastes, like, uh, the Great Jack Quinlan. Oh, he, you know, he was, uh, Bob Prince for my money was the Great and everybody's money. The greatest baseball broadcaster who's in the book by the way several times, even though he was not in New York. But Jack Quinlan and Chicago who got hit by a car and killed it a very early age, unfortunately, he was sensational. He was tremendous Jack Quinlan, one of the all-time best. Does anybody now you know, down here in the New York, I'm like, oh, I mean, how can you be here and know anything about the real world? That's my question, you folks. Thank God for computers. Thank God for the internet for a lot of these people. It's their first opportunity in life. Actually, reach out and have some contact with the real world out there. This ain't the real world down here. Believe me. Oh, no chance. Thank God for the internet. Even though it's full of a lot of misinformation, a lot of crap, a lot of Wackos. But at least you can reach out with your tentacles and testicles and make some kind of contact with reality. These people down here, I mean, what did they been muzzle with this tropical, this bizarre, this, so whatever this is. Who would you Q, I am? Neil. Yes, sir. The treat about Terry Mary being mean the coach of the, I hope they give them a one way ticket to Norway. That sounds good to me. Yeah. All right, Neil. Pack them some steel eel too while you're at it. Okay. Yeah, Terry Murray, he's going to Norway to coach the world away, whatever that crap is. What are joke that is? Terry Murray, say goodbye, Terry. We're going to be singing non, non, non, good bye tonight at the game for the BM&T employees for the Murray brothers. Bye, bye boys. Been nice knowing you. Not. Maybe I'll even bring them a shabmarine sandwich tonight to the game this spokesman. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 at a mobile alone. We got a hundred open lines. You have doing the screen list and I want to talk to some people from New York. They know about Dave Halberstein, all these great guys from New York. Then what I'm talking about here today, who don't listen to hot 105, who actually speak English, who have some idea what the real world is all about, guys. And what are they saying? Eeeeh, that's what they're saying. Every time I get warmed up just like that guy who was talking to you before, just like that guy. I get warmed up and I got some great stuff that really is entertaining and amazing. And I expected to meet us response, what do I get? Eeeeh, and you wonder who do you hope on me is always complaining. I'm complaining because I'm trying, I'm reaching out to touch somebody with a brain, to touch of even a guy with Vod Lynch was great. Even his last guy, he was sensational. Whatever the hell he was talking about. But most of them are like Eeeeh, who's the drips or nobody fed so, huh? That's why the draft is so big, don't it? And you know, some of the most of these people couldn't kick an ammonia in a draft. These losers, these low-life, no-life. We got those cheer-lifes that we're going to be selling here for 10 bucks a pop. You pour a little water even you take a little squirt squirt on it and the lifestyle scroll. Right there in front of your eyes. WQAM. Sam Rose and baby. He's in there. He's in there. He's got. How do you know? He never gets to say anything. He never gets to say three words, JD. Pappa, pappa, pappa. You know, they're scoring goals in Sam's desperate. But I was like, pappa, nice nose too, Sam, by the way. Ever seen by with a nose like that? I remember, and he, uh, he definitely got a face for radio, Sam. You remember the late 70s, early 80s when cable first came down. He was, did you get, get Gordon and the whistle was going again. Oh really? Yeah. I never saw that. I never saw Jim Gordon on TV. Very back in the range of suckpets and, uh, and it's a bad treat. What do you mean back then? Back then? Jay, you don't have to turn the clock back for that. They suck down. The best, the best, an answer the range has had on hockey was more valuable. Yeah, that was the best sport. No, the best and out to be four year time was Winlio. Yeah, but Marvel's pretty good. Was I never heard him do hockey was he had that? Excellent. I like the asshole down here. He actually told you what was going on. Well, that's the idea. See, that's why anybody that would take Chris Morons in an out here. Doesn't know what the sports all the best. The best, the best food that the cancels this year is that, is that asshole, is that a hair? That's right. That's the silver lining and a dark ugly season is that we say goodbye to Christina Moron. You're absolutely correct. He's the worst they ever heard. I mean, have a hard at Kyle's. I remember. You know, so hell out of all I think he had naked pictures of somebody to organize A spokesman. Yeah, the spokesman, maybe. Yeah. Okay, pal. See what? See how to winlio. Winlio. Winlio. That's CBS Sports. He was great. I know before most of your time, a bunch of little punks. And that's sad because most of you grew up during this job, accuracy, crap, with a bunch of your little ex-jox like Fran Healy. And the highly touted Tim McCarver, who by the way, Helber Stem, says wonderful things are Tim McCarver. Another one. Doesn't add a goddamn thing to the game. He second guesses, air me, pitch, air me play. Never shuts up for a second and had nothing to the game. Tim McCarver. He should only croco wicked death. That's how much I despise Tim McCarver. And even though I like Dave Helber Stem, they believe me. Way out of line on this one. And according to some of the New Yorkers, at least at one, Marty Glickman suck to. I don't know. I just remember the voice. I was like, what do you think about the new Yorker's and how did he go like this when the accident like that? Possibly beyond the air. And then I thought why is the new York? Only we were in Rochester. We didn't speak like that. WCOM. Neal. Yes, sir. Who did the club's game before, Harry? Who did the club game is before, Harry? Jack Quinnland, but maybe not directly to the Jack Quinnland. Rickhouse. The worst. He wasn't that bad. He was like the girl. He was like the Steve Goldstein, a baseball. That's how bad Jack Quinnland. He said a call in Jack Outhouse. How about the blues hockey now, sir? Dan Kelly. Dan, Dan, Kelly's a bad boy. Great Dan Kelly. Who's son? I was butchering things up in Colorado. Believe it or not. I'm just John Kelly. Awesome. We would not have played hockey with the Yorker a couple of scouts. Yeah. And he's all enough to be a grandpa. I'm not the reason by my age. He said that he thought Wayne would retire after this year. Good. Good. Let him retire Sunday. Let's get an overwitz. Say good bye. And let's move on with life. He said he did something. Give him some credit. He didn't do the big farewell to her. And he didn't want nothing. But I like the fair. Mario did a classy. Mario did a good. That was nothing wrong with that. It was a really fun. He said this was a big pain in the ass to do that. Why? Every city go to. They want to have our things before the game. Yeah, you're right. Yeah, you're a specific recipe. He wants a waste of time. Can you be there, right? I'll see you. Okay. I'm going to get that needle. No, it's not a bar. Wayne, you're going to retire Sunday. Anybody care? Get him out of here. Let's move on with life. He's these old news. He's like last year's motto. He's stale. He's old. He's on a team for the second year in the world. They stink. They're not making a play up. They're not going anywhere. Even Sam Rosen says. Get him out of here. Please. Well, they're starting to thump in the music again. By the way, down the hall. And just as I said, it's stopped. There's something in God name music. You can get in the middle of the show at 8 9 30 in the morning. You jackass. That power 96. Park it on the right wing. Makes the night move to a little fabric coming out of front and rolled in a cycle. When the park rolled in front of legs of a turtle. Perfect pain. It's one thing. All right. People though watching women are everywhere. They're green, green, green. Right, I'm not sure we are. Some say he's green, left. They're not going to talk. Yeah. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Some say he's green, left. They're not going to talk. Yeah. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I ain't looking. Meals just to do too much. There's no reason just to do too long. But I've been rolling so many times. But I've been rolling so many times. And I've been rolling so many times. And I've been rolling so many times. And I've been rolling so many times. And I've been rolling so many times. And I've been rolling so many times. And I've been rolling so many times. And I've been rolling so many times. And I've been rolling so many times. And I've been rolling so many times. And I've been rolling so many times. 21 Seconds, Next Think It Let's. 11 Seconds, Next Think It Let's Most  posio 14 Ter popping like this . score. First period. Mueller now again scopes. Back for Rolloff. Shot. Run. Run. Run. Run. Run. Run. 3 2 5 60 WQM 5 670 5 60 Pomp 5 60 Unimobile. One line we're doing screenless. So they all crap out there in the break because the lines are disconnected after 400 rings. And that's good. They don't have to wait during all those commercials. Yeah, we're talking about some good stuff. Okay, which you don't find too much of it down here. And like I said, if you're got people who pretend to be sports fans and they know nothing about sports casting, then they really are sports fans. What do they ever hear? What do they know? What is their life consistent besides their cheer life that they have to water 10 times a day? That the neighbor has to come over and pee on it to see if they can get anything to sprout. WQM. That that's that's sitting like article is all wrong. Jeff Rimmer is the best announcer in South Florida. And those seats won all that bad. Yeah, okay. Thanks, yeah. WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good wide blind. Good wide blind. Let me tell you something about those seats that they are okay. Good to sound. Good. Okay, stuck. WQM. Did your lovely receptionist give you the Denise dope? Yeah. And he says he says Shini hockey on there. Shini. Yeah, with the two ends. You sure? That's pond hockey. That's what they call that. The old timers they call pond hockey used to call Shini hockey. So nice try. But thanks for the tape though. It'll come in handy. Really, I know. Thank you. Yeah, it's not even a six hour. It's a six and a half hour tape. It's a T-130, which is exactly what I meant. I'm our security thing on the BCR. Thank you. Sir, God bless you. Am I going to watch that thing? No. No. I'd like, like, I'm at the game Saturday night in Toronto. Okay. And remember, says, Oh, did you tape the game? I'm up there. I'm going to set my BCR to tape a game that I'm going to see live. Of course not. And like I said to him, I said, and if I did tape the game, you think I'm going to tape it off the sports channel Florida, when I could take it off the CBC with Bob Cole and Harry Neal, and I'm going to tape your telecast remember. Are you serious? No. WCWM. Hello. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I mean, Boca. Let's go to Boca. Hello. And Bill. Yes, sir. No on the grass. Yeah, on River because I would like to see him screw up and bumble around a bunch of times. And the best, the answer to the hit basketball is Eric Reed. Thank you. Okay. I've seen Eric Reed 7 to 77 times, and then he stopped talking through his teeth. He just never stopped talking through his teeth. He even wish all he talks through his teeth so much. Now, he stopped doing that for a short period of time. I remember a couple of years ago commenting on the year how much he improved because he stopped doing that. He's talking through his teeth. There's 706 to 72, and he's back to it again now. He blows. WCWM. QAM. QAM. Going once. WCWM. Hello. Yeah, a couple of hockey questions for you. What do you mean hockey quiz? Is this a hockey show? Uh, better than somebody other topic, right? Like what? I've never heard you talk about past fully as a hockey, now, throughout this year, talking to a good. That's probably good. Very good. Any of the other questions? I have a J-to-view, but he's very good. And you know what? The black box and panthers, way I see it, Neil, very, very similar. If you look at the attendance at the night of the dinner. Yeah. The black box are really terrible. And you know what? Next year's going to be the same thing in our new arena. Right? Uh, is it going to be tough for one brother to fire another? No, no, but let me ask you this. How tough is it for the president of the organization, Bill Tory, to fire both brothers, make a package deal. Ah, it goes in the mouth. Right. We're going to have two pink clips for the president one, even more elaborate would go for that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50. It's our, my last game. I realized we have one more Saturday, which I gave the tickets to wait one year today. Last Panther game in the air for some of us, the Panthers and those frogs, the Montreal kind of Dien's tonight. Did we find out a Beth Cohen, a singer of the National Anthem, by the way? Does anybody, oh, the answer to that? Huh? Don't we? No. Yeah, if she's good, because if she's not singing, I may have to stay home. Unless that young Spartacus, he's good too. Sean, everyone, he's wrong. He's wrong. He's rude. I think it's Sean, he's rude. He's a Jewish Spartacus. He's going to be singing tonight, maybe. And even if, uh, I'm a regal, if I brought him back, he must have had a falling out with Wayne or something. Now, he's not the one that's married to Wayne's son, is he? WQA, and hello? You do know that, don't you? WQA, and hello? Yeah, you go to the nail? Speaking. Neil? Yes, sir. Nephists, isn't Nephists, they get on, and then it's like, uh, uh, Ehh. Yeah. And back to you, back in you. WQA, M. Hello? WQA, and hello? See, now we have a bunch of copycats, ma'am. No, we don't, no, we don't. So what what it was to believe there what's the problem? I had my radio on what turn it But radio off what's on the list of the radio we listen to punk after nobody doing repeat to the show He doesn't do that. Yes, he does. He does repeat to every show Hey, are you sure positive but but but a while back some guy called and said you could get Bob and Tom and Ford Latterdale and I've been listening to him on the way to work and they are great. What did I tell you? Oh, man They are more in show in America. I'm not a little bit Absolutely, they're hysterical they're original. They don't just bring on, you know, lesbian's every morning waiting for you to grab yourself your sticks Ships, they're really funny absolutely and they are great and you're got and God bless you have a good day How come they didn't get a mention here by the way? And see I didn't scower through the city link thing. How come Bob and Tom don't get no mention huh? Because they're too busy sucking Howard's ass in the city link because it's a broward thing and they figure all the New Yorkers We don't have no New Yorkers You notice that? Two things in this audience. We don't have any Jews and we have no New Yorkers and maybe there's some crossover there You think so might be a little crossover. We don't have any of either one I ask questions about the Jewish things like pace off. Remember there to make nothing Well by the way, Georgia's crazy Jewish account call this morning and did wonderful things for him And he still crazier to bed bug and a stone age group ball and I'm embarrassed and you really It did that he's walking around picking up good space Now now that now that he's done his thing for you this year and straighten that probably had gotten got you money coming back in the government Can't we just say goodbye to him now? Can't we send them a broad Send him to a three broad. You like it. Yeah, probably an old pervert if you ask me a young pervert Orthodox my ass. Oh, no not for you. Not for you David Maniac hey and ever know crazy Jews with a beard and that you're on that schmothon You only think I know he's been laying too much the filling Like my doctor today with that turn I get oh I don't want to go back into that again because Dr Mark would get upset He's a good guy. He just had a stressful day Look who's back Look what's up doc Sponge Bunny and the whole gang is back in a pool link's motion picture that they had told sorry sure to love You very very quiet. I'm about to do the oh, but Just gonna be birthday leave a kid's home for this one What's funny stars and bugs bodies white even small this In a stinker. I mean soon enough either your use Oh, Richie have really gave one you suppose you can drive one. I'm not a dingalane you give it any think it away He has one out of here now. This would be some kind of pandemonium Antoinette Here's the one two-page commercial and there's a ball. Yeah, he's the right field That's a funny bunch Well, like you hear me say he give us anything And he just gave us today on a home run first in the series Bobby Bot sleep high and It just over the glove And a pirate sheet Bit a lot for the label. Okay, Bob prints the greatest of them all like a goose bumps. I get here here on my spikthrough It's a growing 1245 at five 60 WQA and these people know Bob print. Oh, but they know a print. No, formerly no edge. Oh, yeah, that was the answer formerly known as Bob prints WQA in You have got how are you doing sir? Figular massive it's a freaking pig convention. I 75 going south From like a commercial down through Oakland. I swear there's like over those following old the agency it's a php Well, you said I regard for but why is that why did you have they they do nothing but right tickets? They don't do anything you yeah, but they seem to be professionals. No, the most professional ticket writers That's right. They don't do a goddamn thing the php. Oh, right Van ones of the php. Yeah That's the only guy that thing they do is right tickets And you know they're right tickets for things that aren't even illegal like well in rental vehicles Now if you're in a car right yeah, I got pulled over in a rental van it was at least with a community of van oh yeah and The decal on the tag didn't match tag For a statute if your company that has over a thousand vehicles the decals don't need to match the the tag Yeah, so he liked me Citation for expired tag because it's not the right decal I think a triple crown 1948 For looney is so decal. Yeah, no, no offense. A pholonious decal. Yeah, it was the wrong decal. You really like the pholonique That was committing fraud. Well, don't do it again. Okay. This guy's all been out of shape And he thought they were good guys. Is anybody else think the php? Yeah, no, not anybody with a brain. I guess you'll learn your lesson hard way pal 560 560 p.m. 560 on the mobile one line a screenless Wednesday Just the way I like it No, it's good. It keeps him on their toes like that little pole we had this morning But those great hockey shows should we ever have another hockey show and they said they stuck don't do it again Not if you want to stay on here, Mr Here's something QAM hello Speaking of pigs they're gonna be vote up in the ass of Hassey about the polo in the over now Just for no reason if you're not wearing a seat belt. Yeah, I wasn't that nice And you know that they're you know that they're gonna say yes They're gonna look very high all the goody two shoes. Oh, yeah, absolutely you got to wear your seat belt No crime and Florida, but if you don't have your seat belt on you go and you're gonna I'm gonna get one of those that you want those phony ones, you know that like a cardboard thing you put on your chest I'm gonna get a note from my doctor that says I got a separated shoulder I was at it. I'm gonna get no from my doctor too. Okay, so least you can do for me Yeah, of course. We still all had time the other day first the panter we came tonight Make sure they show that same clip that for meatballs. It just doesn't matter Okay, that does matter matters a lot that's why we're firing the coach and his brother the BM the GM 560 50560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line WQA in That was good that was a helium mitochonde that was beautiful crack yes WQA Yes, hi hi I'm here. I'm here too. Oh, no. Yes, man. Hi. I'm sorry. That's okay. I knew about Prince I'm from Pittsburgh. All right, and That gave me chills. What you just played is not it's not it's daughter was a friend of mine See the problem with with the Bob Prince cuts. I can't get any of this stuff because he's wife I don't know if you know this or not, but she had the rights to all of his tapes and everything Yeah, and so you know I've had people contact KDKA and I've had people contact the pirate organization And my good friend Mike Lang from Pittsburgh try to give me some stuff you can't get it because most of the stuff you get is Recreated which is all phony it doesn't really sound good that clip that I just played I think that's one of only two real cuts that ever got there were like from a real game from Bob Prince Yeah, the stuff they've got is recreated it's all phony. Oh, that's really to jazz. Yeah, he was the best There was nothing like sitting on a summer evening out in the porch listening to Prince Call the game it was fabulous. He was the greatest there nobody is even close and you know You know either I don't know if it's KDK or the pirate's fired him. Yeah, and And they were right they just about had riots. I was there. I was there was a parade KDK they were piccating against whisting. I was in fact that's all in Halberstein's book about that. I'm gonna have to read that why was why did he have Prince and they're just because he was the best or was he ever in New York He was in New York. He talks about in fact the data that Bobbie Thompson at the home run and Russ Hodges made that famous call, you know the giants when the penit Well Bob Prince was visiting the city who was there to see the playoff game and he was in the booth with Hodges and at the end of the game after Hodges called the Home run he got so hysterical that he ran out of there and during the commercial break he said the Prince you take it and do the wrap up And even though he was sitting there in New York Bob Prince did the wrap up on it But he's mentioned several times in the book. It's a wonderful story. He was a great guy He was a lot of fun and Great collection of suits he was either him or ones in Elson at the best collection of suits in the universe I know it was a good guy and he was the best the people like you said people down here just listen to vanilla And now it's a well, you know what you heard that I played a minute ago. I mean that was real excitement He would know us we I mean like he was part of the team you you really believe that as opposed to this Joe Angel guy Who'd put it on this fake if we went on the promos you hear this stage fake excitement Allajon Miller you know in fact we're gonna start calling Joe Angel John Miller Jr. Because that's what he wants to be you know fake excitement you're so You know he does all this phone he went the first rated chase spirit and actor I think or something and it's just embarrassing because he couldn't be pretty good He's got a good voice, but he just makes me ill well I think you can just kiss him goodbye. Okay. Okay. Bye. See you 5605050p on 560 on the mobile one line open a window add many here it comes That's a Peter off use to say WQA and hello Okay, okay, I don't know if you mentioned yet go down the dice and go to the penguin game Exactly the answer he's one You guys don't forget the Pittsburgh penguin James was that I I don't even know the same but He's excellent over a lot better than the windshield You don't know his name no I I got the small dish and to start watching all the games and you know All of those are guys like one of the best hearty announcers I've heard yeah That's about it. Okay What do you plan this one for I got You know So what's his name 1252 at five 60 WQA I mean one of these people down here know and even you know even the people on this station That's one of the reasons I find it's so painful trying to listen to the various day parts on this station many of them because they Don't have a satellite dish. They don't watch the out of time broadcast They don't know for me. People they would know Joe Bowlin from Jimmy Bowlin, okay Remember Jimmy Bowlin I'm sticking with you Huh course not see what I mean you don't know all you know is what's your name with the bananas on her head coming Miranda WQA M Oh, my two cute. Yeah, right Yeah, I was speaking to you I'm a mobile my auntie. Okay. Let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello You're yes, sir Is that you that's me. Oh, just saying deal. Okay. It's not me. It's a mochi puff a yes. It's me. So this is your big deal I just want that I just want to see if there was any reference in the book to Fred Capisola Well, he wasn't a radio announcer But I'll look at the index. He was a great race caller, but he wasn't there. Yeah, Freddie Capisella the answer is no no I wouldn't be in the book the book is he what I mean see what I mean the book is sports on New York radio I play by play history. Not about race cars Next he's gonna be talking about bullet Bob Meyer and how about Marie Look, man you should do the race of the yankers raceway if he would have told me that then we'd have had some of the talk about we have some of the talk about Oh, no, Fred Capisella And he's now post time that's the only thing that that's the only that's his legacy Those are the only words in fact they said that on his deathbed when he took his last breath Fred Capisella said it is now post time Oh, and that was it. Oh, that was it It was okay It was no Phil Salzman W to Q a and hello Okay, whatever you say sir couldn't hear it because there was a crappy phone W to Q a and hello. Yeah, sir My girlfriend's a nurse and she says before you die the doctors milk every last 10 out of you they can get out of you. Yeah You know with the barking into it and And Also, I'm other than that. Maybe that's why they don't like Dr. Jack. That's it. They don't want quick and painless They went long and tedious and expensive. That's right good point excellent Give her a bit kiss for us excellent points. We'd heart Yeah, that's right. They don't want easy. I mean if there's one person so this audience to think that Dr. Jack should have gone to jail Then I say we take care of you right now. Okay, you assholes I mean when you don't even have a right to decide when you want to die, okay? That tells you what kind of a repressive goddamn country this is with a bunch of religious nuts running around Tone everybody what the hell to do. Okay, when somebody says I'm dying out of the hands and leave them alone and let them do it Oh, no you understand you were breaking the wall boy. You have a lot of hootspa Yeah, bunch of glam up there using the hootspa words that they don't camp for now. Don't even know what it means That's what the judge said when she gave the sentence the other day She looked them straight in the eye and said wait You have a lot of cuts by yes, couldn't even say it right bitch 255 at five 60 W Q a and man we're getting them all in there. They bob prints Mike Lang Joe Bowen Fred Cusik we're talking real living in breathing cities with real living and breathing fans and places where people have got some ID what's going on and didn't I'll just hop off of an animal with a green card in the goddamn illegal alien slip out of their pants What a what a place what an unbelievable place The only idea their idea of an exciting time here is golf. That's their idea of a son. Oh, yeah, you can play golf here round That's the problem That's not a positive here. That's the problem here is we got people playing golf here around You know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna have golf terms named after each of my dogs Yeah, the tiny golf tournament we get like a miniature golf and the Winnie golf tournament Why not everybody else got golf tournaments thing never let let let's start to have a golf tournament like Andy Williams Not just go on to two hour it's a phenomenon June the history channel goes in search of cultural heritage in South Florida Birthplace of the early bird and home to the world's oldest be with the relationship travel with us to the land of Pumpano To learn more about famous landmarks such as I love loose ice noodle cadudal Chuck zinc and scoogans discover South Florida the place where no one gives a See night on the history channel what I want at five sixty wq a m So since the cops continue wanting to enforce the seat belt crap. I've created solution to this problem for those of which not to wear seat belts seat belt shirts Oh, they've already got those good ideas somebody right be to do it a white-hane T-shirt with an embroidered belt crossing from right side to left color of belt or shirt can be customized to match interior car proposed price 999 from Mario while Mario I hate to break the news to you, but good idea a little bit too late There really have those they got all kinds of trash music with phone AC belt things Now what what do they do if they happen to pull you over and you're wearing a phone AC belt t-shirt? I think what they do is 560560 by the way back to the city links since we've had so much response on this thing not that's chocolate dessert Armadillo cafe chocolate fritters What about their cream broil a is that that's pretty damn good to you Where's all the good food stuff in here God damn it where's the really a best downtown lunch the dancing beer and for a lot of First of all who now goes to downtown for a lot of deal anybody with a brain no, maybe a bunch of lawyers Lawyers and criminals who have to go to court on there's dinner people go downtown for a lot of deal and drug dealers Either a downtown for a lot of yeah, I don't think so Best spot to close probably I mean there's all these things. Yeah, that's why best place for one Best restaurant for a Italian dining moderate and broil or trevy trotter ria She had a report of any of the place in here. I have a best restaurant that delivers one's Mandarin house in Hollywood I'll second that Where you've been there well been there get food from there all the time delivered you had one? Yes, how about a how about a Eggful young with no No sauce see I don't you're wrong about that eggful young is eggful young with it without the sauce the full young is not the sauce It's the active ingredient what the young song young of the eggful young. You ever had any young sauce? No, just old W2AM Yeah, yes, sir. Hey how about the number one earning how well? What about them? I'm taking a good announcer. I already mentioned earning her well. All right, yeah That didn't hear about what I was talking about about a book sports on New York radio Played by a history by Dave Halberstein I mentioned in her well and of course he did the giant so he was in the bookies from New York There's any York we're not from there. Well often sick as most these people wouldn't know the wing I get from sunny all you so I wasn't sure that's what I just said Okay, thanks five six seven over there's a guy doing my material must be Paul Craster over the grandpa five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line WQAM QAM Going once WQAM hello WQAM Speaking No, yes, you know what I was I found out the monocleoids he has come in the liberties in poker. Yeah I was wondering what you thought about I think it would be okay We brought down you know boxes to guard their first sign Do I think it would be okay in other words you call for my permission and mommy and see what she thinks five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line I don't care about monocleos anybody else care about monocleos How are we sick and tired of monocleos? We headed up to our ass up to our ears up to our elbows Yeah, no more monocle, okay So to blow it out of ass miserable bitch Running around transit around she's at the Oscars she's here she's there Slut on a cheap slut Who went with her presidential knee pad who gets a free pass from the media? A cheap disgusting fat slut She's very sensitive about her weight in a big fat porky pig slut She's better than those patoon you think that stick there knows up against the glass at the macarina waiting for the players to come out and practice it That's the closest delivery to any guy with a right exactly That's what she reminds me of is those patoon you pigs and by the way, isn't ironic that her good buddy was was Linda trip Can you see them the two of them together to buffet? W to Q a m hello. Oh, no, yes, sir. You're a faggot. Okay. Oh, there's a bulletin for I'm a faggot right that down April 14, 1999. I'm a faggot am I a faggot and Next point W Q a m Me, yes, how are you? What can I do for a sir? Oh, me a while like I said W Q a and hello. Yes, Neil, please speaking Okay Some different on the radio well, I may sound different on the radio, but this is the best I can do so you sound different on the phone Thank you. What can I do for you? You're sexy This is the same old crap again. They got no material they hear the one that preceded them and then they pick up the real bad stuff And it gets worse and worse and it smells worse and worse. You can smell it right through the speaker W Q a m Can I get on with Neil, please speaking? Hello, let me say it again speaking speaking. This is me. This is I How you doing it a great I want to talk about the co-cute 10 something This war talking about, but it means that's worth talking. What does that mean? Well, I'm just saying I've been taken for a while and it it is seems to be a big improvement I heard you say that you know you are pretty pretty pretty good I think it would be a day I'm ecstatic with it. I think it's very important my my pulses down to like a But it is tremendous amount and I think it's doing good for me Yeah, I'm just feeling a lot better. I just wanted to give you the same good news I'm feeling a lot better with it too. So thanks a lot. Excellent. How much you taking every day? I take the 100 milligrams That's all That's that's what my doctor told me. I think they come in smaller doses, but I'm taking a hundred a day every morning I take 200 day, which is what the aunt can says in the book and now it's no great for me I'm not on the acions. I'm just trying to do my heart some good because I had some problems with it But you know this book I was reading from before this What about the heart revolution this guy is very very big doctor and McCulley on co-cute 10 Very important great stuff. I'd like to try and get what's in the book again? In the book is the heart revolution. It's a hard cover heart revolution Dr. Kilmer McCulley MD Actually need to get that I've been having a little problem so I'm feeling better though So I just when I heard you talk about it sort of made me feel good that heard that you were feeling better So I'm going to work into okay keep it up. Thanks so much you bet. Bye bye One away to five sixty wq as we try to nurse ourselves back to health Don't wait for your doctor to nurse your back to health any gonna happen is it No No What's our secret five six you got to see on the next week? Any other disadvantages bar here just to get it out of the way to finish these off. Okay, so then out Leon around. So no answers, parking a slot comes in. Like Josh Freeman, who would want him sticking one in his uh... Back though, you know. These things are grotesque. Atkins disadvantage bar, take it from me. Don't ever put this anywhere near your post. God, don't stick it near your mouth. You might eat it. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. You know, I should have known. I can't see. I can't really know. To a degree, I know it. But subconsciously, I have to keep, I have to block it out. Because if I ever fully accept the notion, not the notion, the reality of what this place is all about, then I couldn't continue. I could not do this. So I have to keep counting myself. There's a little part of my brain that continues counting the end of believing that maybe something is going to change. It's going to change. No. If you're 23 years old, but the proof in the pudding was yesterday, I read what I thought was a really neat column by Howard Kleinberg about the famous restaurant. Okay. Now granted, it closed a long time. Go 18 years ago. But I'm thinking of myself coming to work this morning. If you were like 30 in 1981, today you're 48. We got plenty of people listening to our 48. If you were 25, you're 43. Right? If you were 20, you're 38. If you don't have to be an old fart to remember the famous, then we have one call about the famous. Did anybody give a crap about the greatest God they're in restaurant that was ever here? No. And about the salt to water and the whole thing. What the hell was that? You knew you hear that beep? What was that? I didn't hear it. We just had a beep. We just had a... No, not that. Get out of here with us. What's going on over here? We just had a beep. Yeah, you hear that. That's what we had. A spontaneous. We got pukes and pops and beeps and bleeps. And... You didn't even hear it. No. No. No. WQIN. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm sorry, sir. Okay. That's Italian restaurant. Hollywood, near 441. Italian restaurant. What is this? Italian restaurant. Yes, sir. That's crazy, but it around. Yes, excellent. You got to go try this. Right on the corner of 441. And Hollywood Boulevard. Okay, thank you so much, sir. Okay, I'm a little distracted here because that time you did hear the beep. What is that? It's the fat was that a paper? Or ink. Or ink. The fact that she has beeped him back here. So we got to put some ink in it. So that smoked at Rote, Rimmer, No, Rimmer, No, 50 million times. And wasted 85 pages of fat's paper. You know, I mean, maybe my doctor's got to fact those blood tests results over here sometime today, which you called me yesterday, which is very nice. But I'd like to see the whole thing, you know, like Jack Web used to say, just the facts, please, Doc, maybe he'll fact that over. When the facts machine is working again, a couple minutes after you ink it up again. What? On what? What do you don't have any ink? Well, what do you mean you don't have any ink? You don't have any in there? What kind of a fucking place is this anyway, you know? I mean, you would think a paper clip. You're all anything. Do we have it? No. Anybody know where it is? No. Anybody got to hold anything in this during? No. Here, but it's just like yesterday morning, which I didn't even mention in the show yesterday. The satellite goes out. And other goddamn facts machine back here. Are you sure that's what it is? I unplugged it. Yeah. But I don't hear the beep coming from over there. I don't think that's what the problem is here. It's coming from over to my right. Not coming from the facts machine. Did you in? You unplugged it. I mentioned that my doctor marks got a facts. Me and I stuck down. You unplugged it. I didn't pass machine. It's coming from the right. WQA and not house. Hello. Yes, sir. Thanks. First of all, I grew up in Philly, Gene Hart. I liked him. I didn't hear anybody else, but I liked Gene. He's in the book. Too many tasty cakes for Gene. Too many. He's putting even get up and not as stairs anymore. He's got to put him in a wheelbarrow and bring him up. He loved those tasty cakes. Yeah. I got something for you in the end. I mean, that was so bush league man. Every time the fuel of flyers would screw a go. Another taste that tasted, I know the sponsor wanted that. But that was. Oh, I know that. But that was bush league. I hated that. So I guess I'm going to point the New York Post today to be honest. One that said about Larry King. Chicago Tribune got up Colin as claiming to be four cangers on the air at CNN. He has a stylist painted scalp to make up for his thinning hair. Really? Yeah, that's what it says here. I don't have a bullspot. Page nine today. I don't have a bullspot. See, he does. The other thing is that the growth don't have a bullspot. Yeah. He does. And then the do it that way. The whole thing that a bullspot is having a wrestling home as sexual problem right now. It says that there isn't that redundant. It might be yes. Said that the pupils in the chapel April one, he talked about reports. You can see this is public, the guy who's the chancellor. So it's mind separating wrestling from horse play and grouping has been crossed. An old grottoity and who passed along the letter claims that it is day, the wrestling room was always known as the passion pit for hortic men. Right. When they went co-ed in the 70s, it was supposed to settle down as raising Ormose. I guess nothing's changed. What they said. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Just after I thought we had a mall straight now. Well, that's the idea today about the guy with the, this captain's penis on his arm. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless lines. I guess the beeping is stopped. I had no idea what that was. It wasn't over there. It was somewhere over there, which there's nothing over there. That would be beeping, but it was over there. Remember that song over there? Remember that? Of course not. WQA and hello. Hello Neil. Yes. I have a QA. What was it? WQA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. I don't know what's worse. Remember show or Andy from Mollywood? Yeah. Bill. I do. What? Andy from Hollywood. Not a contest. He's worse than a major disease. He's worse than terminal illness of any kind that you can name. Which is Bill or stairs? What does his deal? He has no life. That is his deal. He has no life. You cannot say goodbye to him. He's like, Greg from Boynton. In fact, they're even buddies together. All these chronics, they have like a little grab ass opportunity with each other. They call each other. They play with each other. He's a no life. A low life, no life, a scumbag. Do they have to go to the games, though? Huh? Doesn't Andy have not anymore. He didn't have the idea. He's the last game we're game before that. He was like wandered by. Oh, we're still Fred. I say, yeah, get out of here. How do you know what he looked like? Huh? How do you know what he looked like? Because he's made because he was coming by for a while. I didn't know who a while. I didn't register that it was him the same asshole on the phone until he identified himself. I read. He's like, where are you going annoying annoying? No, no. He's not borderline annoying. He's way over the borderline. Even Madonna never saw borderline like him. He's over the border. He's annoying. He's disgusting. He makes me want to puke. I'd rather finish eating this. I'd just advantage bar. Look at that. I ate the whole thing. And it tastes like crap. Oh, god. I'd rather cropped at eat another one of these. And George is one of how come you ate it? I don't know. I felt like it. What's sitting here? Man. I'd rather eat the speaker that guy would is too well. I'd rather eat a half a pound of too well or drop in this. Garbage. Man, Dr. Acton's, how could you put your name on something that is so gross. Test. How could you do it? He was. And that's why I'm actually a dude too, by the way. If he's enough of that, next you would. A lot. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I know a Italian restaurant you've been to is called Pinga Denge to Rob. Yeah, how pinga this. Okay. One track you. But another one. One track mine. Pinga pinga pinga pinga pinga pinga pinga pinga pinga pinga pinga ping. That's it. You, I'd be embarrassed. I don't know why you search in middle. What are you talking about? That was a kill. You're in the dark. You're in the dark. You're in sales hours. You're in Cuba. And by the way, no Cuban has ever owned a brown towio. A coral. No, because they can't afford it. QAM. Not the Marriottito. QAM. Hello. The only place in America. Well, we see people going up and down the street. Still in the rubber raft. Unbelievable. Thank God we're right down by sea level. Yeah, over here. The Monica's coming to tell. The one? Monica is coming to tell. Monica's coming to town. Monica, Monica, a lunatic. And is she? I don't know. And I don't care. Well, in a second. Do you care whether she's coming to town? What's the matter of fact, I wanted to get a lot of grubs. For what? Well, that's a collectible. Okay. Good luck, sir. Another no life. Send him a cheer life. We're going to start taking full numbers. All you people in the lives at all will send you a cheer life. Okay. Maybe you can sprout something. All the way down. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? Just a little milk for you and your callers about a Y2 case that you ate. Oh, here we go, man. No, no, no, no, no, no. Let me give my shovel out. Okay. Real quick. Uh-huh. I'm going to email this morning from a good friend of mine in Hawaii. Never. And. Yeah. I was Jack Lord doing. It's about these doing great. It's about the BCR set up. People who are selling BCRs are telling most of the consumers that they can not advance Recording anything once the year 2000 come unless you get one that's updated. So you need to buy one. A new one to update. That's not true. Yeah. The thing that everybody needs to do is set your BCRs back to 1972. That's the same calendar year. Exist is the year 2000. Right. So never after buy another BCR until the breaks. So then you won't have a. Why? To pay problem. We. So. I can't. No, that's long. Thanks a lot, man. Thank you so much. There you go. There's some advice for you. Okay. There's some sound advice. Instead of getting ripped off and going on and showing your BCR on the trash. And probably whoever told you that wants to go and check your trash in a morning while you're sleeping. And pick all your older appliances out of there that you threw up because they feed you a bunch of horse crap. So tragically said, you know, and Denver just a couple days ago, I told you they tested the whole thing with a Y2K with a power and the. Now what was that? What what is doing the beeping? It's something over here. It's either in the, uh, it's some one of these things over here. Nine. Did you plug this back in by the way? No. No. This connected me from the outside world on my fax machine that I'm waiting for. For something that I actually might have some interest in. And there's a beeping coming from like, either the DCS or this some monitor down here or the phone. Or the bottles of water on the floor from the colleague and man, something is beeping over here. Okay. You might be one. How could it be the phone? Hey, it might as well be unplugged. Okay, maybe the phone is rebelling against the screen. I don't have any idea. It's the Greg Reen. Evan Wayman. The bush league that cheapest the most amateur hour the most bush league. And these people that work in this to an, I've never seen such a bunch of. I've never seen such a bunch of. Hunderlings in my life. Whatever swirl he throws their way they just got their tongue out all the way on the floor. I come in in the morning. They're all out there with their tongues. Lapping it off the floor. Oh, yes, Greg. Yes, Max. Yes, Max. What do you say, Max? And he's going. Huh? He's scratching that spot on his head. Huh? WQAM. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I remember the famous. Here's a guy. I remember the rest of us that's worth talking about. And I remember the cafeteria that was right down the street from it. What's that? I remember the name of it. I just remember going there. Yeah. It was a real, uh, for confiliates to hang out there a lot. But it was a very good cafeteria. And the rest of us. I'm not talking about a cafeteria. I'm talking about the famous. Who cares about a cafeteria? I gotta remember it. It was right down the street. But I'm calling. Yeah, good. So is some derelicts right down the street too. Okay. Here's a guy that remembers the famous. And he wanted to talk about it. No, I should talk about a cafeteria. Does he know the name of it? No. No. That's there you go. Oh, send him a cheerlip. Okay. Send this guy to cheerlip. In case the first one commits suicide. Even without Dr. Jack. Man, that was a great call, sir. God bless you for letting all our visitors understand what this place is all about. That was beautiful. What is that? That's the shooting. I'll change it a second. But we, that's not the problem. But we don't do anything. Don't let him take it away though. Once we get a hold of it. Don't take it away. We'll never see it again. There's a beeping over on this side. There's something beeping. Not now, like intermittently. Every now and then like, yeah, once in a while. Maybe it's Josh Friedman. Maybe he's in the, maybe it's fat boy. Maybe he's in the other room. And he's beeping on it. Are you airing, shit like this? I'm dreaming of a white neighbor. Just like one guy is now. Very brave along this work trip. And stars and friends. Yeah. He's so very long ago. I'm dreaming of a white neighbor. All right. With every force you've tied on your mind. There's this very kind. And you've tied on your mind. And you've tied on your mind. And you've tied on your mind. And you've tied on your mind. And you've tied on your mind. And you've tied on your mind. And you've tied on your mind. And you've tied on your mind. And you've tied on your mind. And you've tied on your mind. And you've tied on your mind. Oh, did they mention Piper Ryan the city like? Yes. Not that I saw. But I said the best station was Zeta. I think Casinova paid him off for us. You know, blew somebody over there for this one. Because they gave us Zeta. They were raving about Zeta. Anybody I know listen to Zeta? No. No. I've ever once used to be good in the morning. WQA, and hello. Yes, sir. You know if any good for white restaurants in the neighborhood? QA, M. WQA, and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I got one for you. James 5 and 10. Rush off. What is this? James 5 and 10 in North Miami. Chronic. Chronic. What do you mean? That's one of the chronic holios. Yeah, that's the voice of James 5. Who knows? It doesn't make any difference what it is. It's nothing. It's Kaka. It's like everything that comes out of his mouth. It comes out of every office in his body. WQA, and hello. WQA, and hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. We'll talk to you about the machine book. How you doing? Okay. You're looking for good old restaurants? No, I'm not. I was talking about an article about the famous restaurant. I'm not looking for good old restaurants. I'm talking about a specific old restaurant. And I get a guy that tells me about a cafeteria up the road somewhere where they eating horse meat or something. Well, give me a little clue when I could probably tell you what it is. I know everything. Who is life? What's the old one you're looking for? What does that mean? What does that mean? All right. Let me cut to the chase. Can I have the tickets? The tickets for what? The lighting? WQA, and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? Hey, Neil. What's going on? I don't know. I don't know. I have a question. I always hear you a book fund of a bookshobby. Yeah. How big is the man? 48. For real? 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 3. 10. 8. 3. 10. 10. 10. 10. I'd say 3. 30. Wow. And what about 5? 5. 5. 5. 5. 3. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. I don't know when you were pretty proud. like about 12 or 13 years ago. Yeah. And you did it pretty good job. I like Boo Shambu. Sir, I have never and then believe me, I looked like a big fat slob. When I was that fat, I was a big fat slob. I'm a little chubby now, but not like that. Around this part, they call me slimmer around here now. Well, if you want to look good, just have a nice look. OK. All right, I'll go. Thanks. Joe had a good idea. We could do an office pool. Guess Boo's weight. And have a weigh in on your scale there. Well, that's a good idea. Only who the hell's going to get a hold of him? He will come in for that. He's very uptight about that, I understand. Yeah, he's a good guy. I saw him in the restroom there that he like had some of the henna stuff he was doing on his hair. That's what you're doing, Boo. He said, I'm dying on the way. I mean, nobody really has orange hair. OK, only in comic books. Comic book characters have purple hair, blue hair, and orange hair. Now, down here in South Florida, we do have much blue hair. You know what I'm talking about? Oh, I think you do. But orange hair and purple hair, uh-huh. Only in comic books and books. In fact, I heard somebody refer to them there today. The old red head, which of course was red barber. The old orange head, Boo's shop again in Marlon Broadcast. Oh! WQAM, hello. Remember is looking for brown eye. WQAM, hello. A judge, I was going to say, OK. Can I think of a new chance? No chance. WQAM, hello. You're the famous one. Great. Yeah. With the salsa bottles and the connishes. Right. And you actually ate there. Yes. Here's another left with a lot of heartbreak. Uh-huh. But it was all you're good. Stuffed cabbage, the dharma, all that crap. Yeah. The kishki. Kishki, all that stuff. I'm good. I had a good meal. OK, let one out. OK, he feels better now. WQAM. Hello? Yes, sir. Speaking. Was this George? No, it's not George. If you want me to tell you, I'm George. I'm George. OK, Kate Pasa. Hey, how you doing? OK, Kate Pasa. I was just listening to the radio. Well, I'm doing the screenless today. How could it be George? He's not answering the phone. He's sitting in there with his head in his hands, watering, uh, contemplating his life. Oh, no. Well, listen, I just want to tell you the Boston Bruins of Taken the Cup this year. Yeah. You want to tell me, like that? Like, that's a, uh, because you say it, it makes it so. Exactly. The only cup they're going to have is the one on their, uh, on their private. OK, I don't know where. He's like they do every year, sir. They got a nice team. They're not going anywhere. They'll never survive the first round. That's what everybody else tells me. And they're right. They got a nice team. I like that. And Pat Bruins is great. He's going to pass the first round. Trust me. OK, I'm here to tell you. Don't bet the ranch. They're not going anywhere. He's here to tell me they're going to take the cup. I call them to the sports shows and talk crap like that, OK? And by the way, since you're so draft intensive, how about suggesting the dolphins might draft a couple of white guys on the right? It's just for variety, all right? Oh, you're looking for glory holes. See, they're not. See, they're not. I watched a wrestling match with big food men with sweaty tracks. They would try to grab each other's ass. Very nothing more than the tiny cheese draft. But when they grind the bell and the match was over. I couldn't help but notice. I had a big bow now. I want to be a wrestler. OK, and have a man's scratch wrapped around my mouth. I want to be a wrestler. Press your ass. Just pushing inside and out. Press them. Why is it so cute? It's a little guy. Stick to my hand between another man's leg. Oh, right. So when I pull my hands away, I get to see the bell by fingers. You know that other than sometimes too trained, you don't need to have much of a brain as long as in the shower after you work out. You don't mind listening someone balls in your mouth. I know that white jeans can be messy and too belly. That's why they like to rub that statewide on their belly. I want to be a wrestler. And for gaining more runs just like you. Are you? I want to be a wrestler. And maybe run for governor too. As long as there's a track to crowd, I don't mind going down. Oh, I don't rub the teeth. These days I sit there a lot with so clumsy queer. 144 at 560 WDC. We're doing an office pool. We got a big plastic bucket. We thought just say, It and to get the plastic bucket. And we'll take an office pool up on how much the books directly were. Okay. I'm guessing what did I say, two ninety. I'm going to start 300 jostes. George is putting in for 300 jostes. 310 we're putting five bucks a piece and a big plastic bucket. Just say. Get and rhymes with bucket. And whoever's the closest wins the pool. Okay. The book pool. Now you do understand. We got away till he comes back from the road trip. Oh, you know. Wait a minute. We never thought about that. We got a factor in his new York with all those gray restaurants. We got a factor in how and now what? What do the marlins come back home? What day do we know? You know how many idea? You don't have to look that up for the sports nerds and find out what the marlins come back home. All you guys out there that are going to the pool. Keep that in mind. You might want to adjust and evaluate your guess based on how much pound did you get on while he's in the big city. How many QAM? Meal. Yes sir. You know what I think I think we should put them on the advantage bars. The disadvantage bars? I get around about one sixty and about three weeks. I say three seventeen baby. Have you ever seen him? I saw him once. But I think he's better now. How long goes that? I think it was like seven months ago. Oh, forget it. You're not even in this year's. That was last year's pool. I try. Now seriously, he's ballooned up. In fact, that's our next pool question. Who's ballooning up faster? Jeff the florist or the booster? I mean, I'm not saying the first anywhere near that weight. But if he keeps going into this pace, if the blue slows down just a little bit. The default my catcher because every morning you can see him expanding. It's like watching one of those slow, low freeze frames thing. You know what you can see me getting a little bigger and bigger and bigger. Scary. It's the fat joint. Anybody out there ever seen a fat joint? Yeah. A QAM. Hello. How old? Yes. How are you? Okay. Over in November 20th. For your act in the gnawing. Yes. It was a place called Delight. They're all the places. Listen. They've got good soft. It's very good. It's good and soft. I like it. Trust me when I tell you know, it's soft. It's soft. What? Chocolate, vanilla. All kinds of different flavors. Stuff. They got it. Oh, what? Oh, my God. You're good and stuff. Good. It's better than like having a state to eat in between meals. It's vegan that advantage stuff. I wouldn't wish that on any of it. It's absolutely. I spit it out. I was fucking got my mouth. I was spit it out to us. You could idea what they're being in school around these days. Good idea. Went and doubt. Spit it out. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. New. You look like a fat coat. Okay. Thank you. WQAM. Hello. That's the highest compliment I've had this year. QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing now? Okay. What's the rate from the community kids? They just mean what you thought. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yes, sir. Think report. Yeah. I just thought book. Yeah. Week. Isn't that pathetic? Week and week and it gets weaker and weaker. You can't complain about their material because they don't have any. Week. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. 345 pounds. Okay. We'll lose some weight fat, so. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Good. Good. Speaking. Good. Good. Johnny. Johnny. Johnny. Oh. From college friends. Listen. My kids all from school. I love to let them listen to you show. To show them. All the idiots that call up that. You know, I want to show them to watch them on. And they'll be like those ones calling in. Great. All right, buddy. Okay, Johnny. Oh. See ya. See how to, uh, what's his name, too? Frado. Wasn't the Frado type with Johnny Ola? Never met him. Yeah, right. How about Superman? You ever meet him? Nobody QAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I believe that the beef is coming from, uh, yeah, from your rainers. WQAM, hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. There's a manual bag in the church. Yeah. And. I know that's it. That's the point. And WQAM, hello. You're all a bunch of machipin' us. WQAM. You're my queen. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. There's no way a new stadium is going to make a difference for these marlins. I don't know what they're thinking. What new stadium? I'm like, yeah, yeah, well, I won't rest until I make sure that not one penny of public funds goes to building a new stadium. No matter what the pudwackers, the sportswackers around is joined. Or the newspaper, poor sportswackers think, much of crap. I agree with you. I mean, they may have a, they're actually positively, no interest whatsoever. Okay. And you know something, I hate to break the news to the Mike Mayo and all these other dickheads that we got on his town. But the fact is that somehow we survived here, long before we had a baseball team. You know what, somehow we got along. Absolutely. You know what will happen? The first few days everyone comes to a stadium out. Then we got to that. We'll be dead again. Just like Montreal where they had seven frogs in our last night and two of them were buffos. Okay, take care of you. Okay, back at you. Stadium my fat ass, okay.