Sports Radio 560 WGQAM by Ami Fort Liderdale presents the Neil Rogers show. They're talking Neil called 567 056 VTOL free-graded. They've earned within the company. They've earned within the company. They've earned within the company. They've earned within the company. They've earned within the company. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM. Be easily read acquisitions or the Be easily grudcast. Wrong now. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 WGQAM. Friday you wear spills. What's going on with your 560 level crew I have? We can sell all day, but 560 will have to sell. Now, here's a day and a few days. What do you want to know about? You're your one. Hey, welcome to the house. Oh, J. N. R. R. G. We be your sports doctorate. I beat my breakfast. What's all with you? You haven't touched your sausage. I don't have a mouth. Here. Use mine. Kill out, baby. I also do not know about shit. I always keep on hanging in case I encounter those Colombians who are killed by water. I'll be looking forward. That's right. I know we'll show up on the golf course one day. Speaking of that. Did you hear about the meatwester's underworld? Joe, you haven't eaten all by themselves. He should get me a call. I do the job right. Max Lassen Devil's Hand. Oh, get you devil view. By the way, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the water and Rhoads to give enough of the top opportunity of being able to own Joe. No, no, we can squat like the water, N. What you'd be talking about. He was outside the stadium the other day. I saw a squat in the park in the park. When you got to go, you got to go. She went all right. In every way. And tried. And she was squatting in different twisted and busy. And even superdieners. Now understand. And all this time, I thought I'd be kicking an alligator. Who's there? Who'd have be? Who'd have be a winner? Let's go, ran director. What do you want? What do you want? You know you may act. Hey, you know. Get out of here. Get the J. Neck Throw Nine. You, they can pay me. Good boy. No chance. I'll do my job. I have already known Bill. Back there. Can you know Guinness du. For a little bit,miralconnect Twig. Go go go Ok. Plicy socks. B Morris Bedbeats.lles This probability ratio they are about. The suggestions. The good bill.edge violence. page 21G. As the embarrassment continues, you see there's no level of embarrassment that can affect, that can get through the concredit rate, the thick skull of the general manager of this radio station, no level of humiliation, embarrassment, degradation, it just makes no difference. It just rubs off like a lot of our products, uh, recto, yeah. So they've got four pictures, you know, it's one of these glitzzy, uh, you know, plastic pages with the who is here and who is where, what are these social kind of, uh, crap pages? And speak on a crap, the fourth picture, done on a bottom. There are five asshole sitting at a dinner table and the caption says sand duke, payroll Guerrero, OJ Simpson, Christine Prodie, and Roy Foster at the ass store. Having dinner. Now maybe there might be a sixth member, uh, oh, in this group, but she's probably out of the table at the moment. You know, the world's number one liar. So we continue being a buried. I mean, these psychosis and the crat that's going on, see if this where we all company in a real radio station, there'd be at least one, maybe a couple of heads that would have rolled on this, been long gone from here already. Days ago. But here we are a week later. And this golf tournament, and you'll remember way back at a big deal, it was Tracy Caracet who came to me. I said, uh, no thanks. I get no nothing about golf. I don't want to be associated with this. We're going to do just a fine job for a set of one which starts today, by the way, with our season cassettes and our first appearance at specs and the saw grass, noon to two tomorrow. We'll do just fine. We'll raise a lot of money. I don't want to get involved in something that I don't know anything about, that I don't want to be involved in. I know, you know, and put it in the hands of other people. And as it turned out, putting it in the hands of these assholes was a disaster. Even the Japanese aren't seeing as much fallout from that radiation from that accident. They had yesterday. They're out to you as much fallout as we're seeing from this mess. And then, of course, let me say it again. One of the worlds top five assholes saying, Duke gets under on TV last weekend, last Friday night. And probably announces as he's standing there next to a famous person, a celebrity OJ Simpson, that we raised $25,000 for center one at this golf tournament. Did we raise $25,000 for center one? No, no. There was a total of $25 grand that was collected, but somewhere along the line, maybe it got shuffled in the bookkeeping. I really don't know. I can't point any accusatory fingers. But a lot of people around here are kind of like wondering out loud. They're going like, hey, Neil, this is where you were. Yeah, like that. And there were there wondering, just, well, you know, it's early in the day. Eeeeeee! Where the hell do the other 23 grand go? Because center one out of all of this segregation out of all of this scandal got about two grand. And the only money that they got were from like the raffle and the silent auction that they had, the money that came down from all the people who played the golf tournament, I and nobody can tell me where that money went. Oh, for expenses expenses. Okay. So we've been subjected to just a divisive psychotic, I mean, I wish you could have seen the scene that was going on here yesterday, sponsored related by the way all associated with this golf tournament and OJ and the assholes who subjected this place to it. Unbelievable. It's incredible that you could work in a company where there's just a void. There was no leadership here, baby. There's a vacuum of vacuum between the ears. And every irree-reasonable, responsible person in this building knows that I'm talking at the way it is. They know what I'm talking about. They know that we got four or five people in this place who operate with impunity. They can do whatever they want. They can cause sponsor cancelations, cost this money. They can go in a media and lie. They can stick it out there with Jack the goddamn ripper in public. Again, dragging this radio station down into the mud along with them. And nothing's going to happen. I mean, either it's the naked pictures I'm always joking about. Or maybe there's just that much of a vacuum between the ears and the management of this place. It's got to be one or the other. You can't possibly be oblivious. People in this place are foaming at the mouth about all of this. Just this picture this morning was like taking rubbing salt in the wounds of all the same people in this place, which there are a few of us. Clean to some degree of sanity. In the midst of an embarrassing humiliating place. I just don't get out. I don't understand it. When does it end? When does it stop? When does this OJ disease get cleaned out? I mean, I know we don't have an exterminator even for bugs and it's just because that cost money and the beastly people don't want to spend any money if they don't have to. They can get away with it. Just like this phone system that we're talking about. I had that meeting the much touted meeting with Greg Rheaghan Tuesday and I'll come to find out three days later. It was all lip service. Nothing's happening. Our engineer is walking around. Go like that. Yeah. It's astonishing. It's just amazing. And like I said a few days ago, this place, they don't they don't like prosperity. They just don't like it. Things are going much too well here. Let's see if we can't go out in the Everglades with those crazy Cubans and shoot ourselves in the feed a few times. And they're doing a hell of a job of a baby. Oh yeah, you're doing a super job. Shoot themselves in a goddamn feed. Some of us are just speechless. And then when I watch some of the underlings here who will ruin the suck up to the assholes like Sam Duke because he gets a more couple of free tickets to a ball game or something, shame on you people. Okay. You're just as bad as he is. Some of the little pipsquakes around here. Like dogs and cats waiting around for a little for a scrap like you know like pigeons sitting in a park waiting for a scrap of bread. People with no principal people with no of course they're children. So what they're doing? What do you expect? But the adults in this joint are humiliated and embarrassed, degraded, grossed out, nauseated by a solid weak of OJ Simpson disease. That's caused a lot of grief and a lot of anguish and a lot of crap in this building. Sponsors, people on the air, those of us associated with Senator One, everybody who was in any way involved in this thing. Everybody who was on here promoting that thing. 9 minutes after 10 at 5.50 WQM, you'll relive as much as we can get away with the station. WQA is proud to bring you the WQA at the School of Broadcasting. Yes, YouTube can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio. If you follow our curriculum, the course is free. Of course you'll work for free. Call 1-800-1-A, and speak to our director of education, Mr. Letty Marthes. So you want me a boy? I saw a boy. A boy? I saw a boy. I saw a boy. Yes. No. No, I saw a boy. Well, can you say news? No, no, no. No, no, no, no. News. No, I'm not. I'll take you on a tour. You need help. Yeah, we have the Zollos begin this course. We'll see you next to me now. We'll see you next to us. We'll see you next to us. No, baby, we have the objective. There's a way, low. We'll see. We'll see who it is. Yeah, come as you call. We're gonna do it. Go, right now. We're being up to you. We're going to do it. We're going to do it. And no, baby, we have done it. I feel like that isn't. And I'll send you a book to and paint it. Watching. Yeah. Repeat after me. And yeah. No, that's my last time when she'd already come in. Okay. Yeah. And I'm done. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And over in this will make a cookie when they'll walk. Yeah. It's the wonderful world of radio. Oh, radio. Where you can hear your own voice. Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your What radio dreams come to. I mean, one, one, two. Where's the WQAM? Exactly. 1015 at 5.60 WQAM. So anyway, somebody was just telling me, Hank said the other day, and I would echo the sentiments that he isn't want Sam having anything to do with his show and anyway shape or form. And of course, I will say the same although quite frankly, he don't do anything to the show anyway. Nothing. Or for any other show for that matter. You're an asshole, Sam. You're despised and he tested by all with a brain and even a tiny ball in this building. Your nausea, why you're here is the greatest mystery in the history of mankind. And then of course, there is Roy, which we all know what that's all about. I guess it's called Stubkeys. I mean, we've got people think that I make this stuff up. Anybody that would see what goes on in the inter-mationation in this building. It's unconscionable. It's unprecedented in the history of the of business. Any business. Monkey business. Where a man just allows with all the revenue that's coming through this place. How much money are Sam bringing in here? Is he bringing in the name money? No. Why, it got any rating? No. How about a Roy? Is he sold any account since he's been here? No. No. What do you got any rating? No. What's the claim to fame? For people going out of their way to rub our collective noses in all of this OJ crap? What does it take to convey the message? We're not impressed. We're not interested. We're discussing where embarrassed we're humiliated. We're grossed out. We don't want anything to do. Just like most other decent people from coast to coast. Not only coast to coast all around the world. Even in Europe when he tried to hide his nose there, they said, but basically go to hell away. We want nothing to do with you. Not because I'm a hard ass or hanker anybody else. It's virtually the entire building. Except the course for some of those sports nerds I was talking about yesterday. Who all he knew about is, oh, guess what? The Metz lost again last night. Oh. Thank God. I was going to start off with the Jesse Ventura stuff, which I had all thanks by the way to our good buddy Eric with our website. Who's on top of everything? He likes it on top he said. Facts as me the whole thing about Jesse Ventura and I mean, or something it's thank God for Jesse Ventura. Jesse DiBody baby, he's our man more than ever. Oh, we wanted a why? Because he doesn't back down. He's not one of these people. It says, well, when I really met with this, when I really meant to say it was dead and I didn't want to offend anybody. Oh, he said, I don't that back down from our my statements. And he said, it really just people are they're always talking about forgiveness. So they'll forgive me. That's their big thing. But they're Catholic league and this league and it really just not, they're also a caught a can pissed off. Meantime is approval rating last month and Minnesota as governor was 73% or record high. Never anybody in history has had a number like that. And the exact quote in his playboy interview was, after saying he wants to be reincarnated as a size 38 double D bra, I mean, how can anybody, how can any heterosexual guy argue with that? He blamed organized religion for the unpopularity of legalized prostitution, which he said is to be should be considered. Legalized weed legalized prostitution. This is my kind of candidate. Wanted to be a real country, live in a real goddamn world like in the Netherlands. He says organized religion is a sham and a crutch for weak-minded people who need strength and numbers. It tells people to go out and stick their noses and other people's business. He later added the religious right wants to tell people how to live. He is a wife, Terry, our members of a local church, however, they don't frequently go there. As in maybe never or close to it. He says college athlete shouldn't have to take classes to play. He says if you go to college to play football, let him pay teach you how to deal with agents. Of women's wrestling, he says women's wrestling can thanks silicone, breast implants, or what make it popular, before that it was right up there with Midgets and added attraction. About attractive women, he says have always been attracted to brunex more than blondes. I enjoy women whose bodies are real. Jesse says I don't care for the ones who've had breast implants and their lips done. How do you like that? I don't have two sets of lips. Yeah, but so what do you think? I'm just doing under the table at the answer in that picture. They can just see her backside. Have a little bit of an appetizer, maybe? 21 G in the hero this morning. In the nightly on the nightlife page, more embarrassment for 560 WQAM, the embarrassment just never stops. The OJ Simpson disease never stops. Now I'm speaking for a lot of people in this building, like I said, all the rational ones. When I tell you we're sick and tired of this crap. We want nothing to do with him. We don't want to be associated with him. We don't want to be associated with the sick people in this building. We've got their heads up his ass. Not to mention any name. Roy! Here's Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I've been waiting with David Breft to see here you talk about how much money said or run finally got. Yeah. It's called appearance money. You don't think OJ played in that delicate tournament for free, do you? I haven't got any idea where the other $23,000 went. I could guarantee you that he was paid to be there. No, he wasn't paid. He was paid. It was on beatouts to this radio station because it wasn't supposed to be there in the first place. I'm shocked. The pink was in place out of the good this and kind of saw his own. No, no. I think he played because he was invited because we have people in this building who wanted to use him to kind of like his a weapon and to show me and some other people that they're going to do whatever hell they want and that he's their buddy and they're going to bring him in. Whether we want one, they've been told not to wear a, there's such a gene. It's like a contest here. It's like a prison contest. I don't want to show a law. It's like I said yesterday. OJ Simpson is like a weapon. That's $300 a head for a 101 in the $2,000 dollar. Right. And for the promotions directed to go on local television standing next to this murdering son of a bitch and announced proudly that we raised $25,000 in this event for center one and to lie like that through his teeth when he knows them well that they only got about two grand. There's something wrong here, man. Where's the credibility of this radio station? Nobody's getting fat off that. Yeah, where's our credibility? I guess we don't care about it. Obviously not. Wolverine Charlotte Holmes pound. Find out where they other 23 grand ones. 560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line as this business just goes on and on and on. I shouldn't say where it's stopped. Nobody knows because it's never going to stop because the guy that has the ability and the authority and the power to stop it. He won't do anything. You know, he still running around. Yeah. Oh gee, wasn't that bad. Was it? Oh yeah, I wouldn't have missed to play everything down because you might actually have to take some affirmative action and do something. Can't do it. Just can't do it. Week. Week would be a compliment. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. So, hello Neil. Yes, sir. I think you're first forward on the head. They're, he didn't do that golf form of for nothing. Uh, then there, I would think there'd be a paper trail somewhere. Uh, they have to come forward at money. Went to the dealer. I would assume so. I don't know. It's put around here. Who's accountable to anybody? I don't know where the money went. I don't think anybody, the term that was used was it went for expenses. Expenses for what? I don't know what that means. Let's, let's say there's gotta be a paper trail. I think spent the money. There should be receipts for tax deductions or or Harvard of businesses, runner or whatever. But, yeah. Yeah. Uh, you see a paper they come and hatchers gone. You got them. They did a shame. Well, the rangeers are loaded. They got everybody now. About $63 million pay, well, they're going to buy it. Come. Well, they, if they're not good this year, then they got no excuses, boy. They just loaded. Yeah. All right. He'll have a good day, buddy. Thank you. And of course, we got, uh, you know, Todd Simpson, no relation to O.J. And this, this garbage, well, you know, he's big and he's tough. And then the papers keep coming up for the same crap. Oh, well, you know, he's going to be used to a protect, uh, pavilion, burry. I think we just call out the National Guard. I mean, that's what it sounds like with this organization. Let's have the National Guard out there on the ice to make sure nobody gets their pavilion. It's, it's embarrassing. Really is what a poils down to. And then Dave Hyde has, like, kind of a half-ass column. The lack of action will haunt panthers. And I read the whole thing from start to finish. And his usual does he say anything? Oh, I didn't say a goddamn thing. These local newspapers, man, more words are, uh, utilized to say absolutely nothing. Then anywhere in a history mankind. 56050560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and cruel spring, hello. Well, let's see some of those expenses, limousines, seas, round trip, airplane, airplane, airplane, airplane. Round trip, airfare was paid for on TWA vouchers. That was sent in, that we're trade out with it. I mean, all you people I want to start making things up. Oh, who don't know what's going on in where. I mean, it'll kill some good time, but there's not any point in it. Well, I mean, there's a lot of expenses. How about the, uh, cost of putting them in a hotel? Yeah. I don't know, sir. I'm not going to sit here and inject your. I don't know. I don't have the information. I think somebody ought to be accountable to us in the center one. We're all that money went to, especially in light of the fact that our promotions got went on a year and announced that we raised 25 grand percent or one. And they got $2,000, at least $23,000. Where did the money go? This, this thing was a source of such unbelievable embarrassment and humiliation to everybody in this radio station. Everybody connected with it. And at a meantime, we can't get any answers. All we get is double talk and lip service, part of that expression. Here's a mobile and Jupiter, hello. I mean, yes, sir. If your promotions director went on TV, can't tell them and say how much they, they had, can't send a one, uh, take legal action or something, say, or contact the IRS. Okay, I'll take legal action about what? The fact that we got a liar here, we're going to get a suit and for a line. No, but if he said that they, they raised that much, they could say, well, you, you claim it. We're not, it's not saying. And you can say, well, I, uh, lied. Or I was mistaken. We raised 25 grand, but they were the expenses. You can say whatever the hell he wants. Yeah, I get. Okay, thank you. Okay, pal. I mean, did, like I said before, there was nobody here to make anybody in his radio station accountable for anything. So they can go on a year and say, we raised $5 million per cent or one. We raised $100 million. It was great. It was a look at what we did. Look what I did. Edible, I said, I knew you must have found something besides have dinner with the Ashto with O.J. And Roy and at, uh, embarrassing crowdios. With with a picture in the newspaper. First it's on television. Here's the picture in the newspaper. Maybe we'll have a picture of all of them in a big circular bed together. Maybe that'll be next. It's so hard to be myself. The public group that I am, sounds like every word is, on the charts and the audience. And we sing it just like girls. And we wear silly times, I think. We fell durch blinds. Or we may abgesive or anything case I Let you hear I know I like Maybe it's not kidney background around About I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, I'm so proud of you, 10.32 at 5.60 WQAM. So anyway tell the story that you just told me on the phone call you just got the guy from Logo Mar about our famous golf tournament a week ago today. So the sign goes in on Wednesday. There's a guy from somewhere brings a sign to Logo Mar. It says QAM called tournament featuring OJ and LT. You know members of the club house, pitch a fit to the promotion person there at Largo Mar. The promotion person says, oh no, it's just the publicity thing to entice people to sign up. He won't really be here. OJ. We know the rest of the story. You know, same people pitch a fit to the management. We were told this guy wasn't going to be here. We don't want to be associated with a golf club that's going to have this murdering asshole here. Promotions guys on probation. Like it can. Largo Mar doesn't want to do anything with W2A anymore. Let's rest the story. Okay. There's the rest of the story. As we continue you know suffering like I tell you from OJ Simpson disease. We got four or five people in this building who have a terminal case like leprosy. You know, I think there needs to be like they have lip or colonies. There needs to be an island somewhere. Maybe like Alcatraz. And just take all these people. It's suffer from OJ Simpson. And stick him out there with them. They can entertain each other all day. They can wine and dine with each other. They can sit around and have a big circle jerk together. In fact, maybe in a Miami circle. Let's just remove it surgically and you know, float it out to see. That will solve that problem to him. Save us millions of dollars. The embarrassment just doesn't stop. I mean, I've never seen one event. It's like a it's like the aftershocks of an earthquake. You know how it's keeping you know, it's subsides for a little bit. Then all of a sudden here comes another one. Here comes another tremor. You know, an anonic goes and it doesn't stop. Because that's the nature of the almost almost universal, except for idiotic stupid people and Jackson of Resuar idiotic stupid people. Except for those people, the revolution is almost universal for this individual for this murderer who we wish would just go away. We've heard more than enough about him. We don't want to hear no more. We don't want to see him. We want to know from him. And here we are like stuck in the middle. Would you. Five six seven. Five sixty nobody interested in Jesse Ventura by the way. Or is comment about organized religion being a sham. Which thank God that there's somebody beside Neil Rogers in his country. Is there any who to help him? You know, with a flunky little radio show down here that came by a goddamn phone call. I mean, nobody. But here's a guy that's a governor of Minnesota who's being talked about as a presidential contender one of these years. Not soon enough for what does it mean. And he's got the balls to say organized religion as a sham and a crutch for week-minded people who need strength in numbers. It's like a freaking club for week people. How many times have I said that eight billion times over the years? Uh-huh. Thank you, Jesse. God bless you. Of course, that'll probably finish him off as far as any chance for, you know, any kind of national office because you just can't say those things in America. You offend a week-minded masses. And the Catholic League is psychotic with Jesse Ventura. Oh, how could you say that, Yadiya, that too bad can't handle the truth, Kenya. You great robbers, you faggot you. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, one in the other. Yes, sir. Listen, I do about four or five golf tournaments here. I'm involved with production. And while your event will survive any kind of an audit because you can write all damn near anything, if the numbers are true, that is way disreportionable when normally goes to charity. And so, well, I don't want to respect what do you mean? Well, typically it's the other way around. We do a golf front of the raised money for charity. Our expenses shouldn't exceed 40 or 50 percent of our revenue. Right. And you're saying it was the other way around, just thinking. You're raised 25 grand, it keeps you away. Right. Another way, in other words, they got less than 10 percent. Yeah, and what I'm saying is you basically, you're going to be somebody, somebody ripping off charity here. Whoever promoted their daughter. Yeah, I'm going to find out where all that money went. I'm going to demand an audit of this on behalf of Center 1. Find out where all that money went. I mean, you know, as per systems, we got screwed on this and embarrassed and humiliated. And all these people went around, you know, our backs and brought an OJ and, you know, made a whole thing into an embarrassing disaster. The least that they owe us is an accounting for where all that money went to. I think now we're in accounting, but I think the make good on what they had proposed. I mean, if you could you see the expense went to OJ, I'd write those off and make it right to check the center one at the difference. Yeah. Well, I'll hold my breath along with the branch and the golden. We're not going to go after your advertising. Okay. Okay. Thanks. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. What does it say? Maybe it's a blessing in the skies. Maybe it long last because Greg Reed was just in here hyperventilating during the last break. Maybe finally, this is what it took to make him understand that we got some real real sick puppies in our midst here. Just like John Dean told Nixon, we got a cancer in here, baby. We got a goddamn big gigantic t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t. Is what we got? 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile-in-four-lutter day. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I got a question I haven't been able to listen as much this week. is it in the talks where sure is held not here. I'm good because you know the only upside I can see that print cabinet radio show is that we could call in and abuse the crap. Yeah well it would last about 15 minutes and he'd get up and run out of here or he would live out of here. You know what I don't understand I you you see people and I know this to be true that have met him out of events here. That's where up and down he's guilty but when they get in this president they suck his hands. Get everything right. Oh yeah and they get it but because he was the next truck because he's a celebrity his famous that's why everybody's sample here across all that's why he's upset anybody whose famous and they're making difference what they do Sam will go and get his their ass. Well you know if anybody has me doubt about the savager of that that's killing those killing. Pull up WWE Rotten dot com on the internet and look at the on top of the pictures of Nicole and Ron Goldman. Yeah just unbelievable what he did to those folks. But anyway I just want to share a few calls I'll tell I mean if he ever gets on the airways for anything. Me and my office will call every fricking day and abuse the crap out of him will fact things do everything he will not stand the chance and Hollywood I got new he would last ten minutes man. He's a frick first class. Okay can I call a couple people do you think sure go ahead. Danny survived Robin and Jeff your bunch of do you think I'm easy today I couldn't care less I'll just struggle to make it to the four hours today. Oh it's this this is just it's unspeakable it's unbelievable what goes on his joint. The lunatics are running your asylum there in charge they got the keys to the kingdom and the rest of us were like you know we have to suffer the fall on we have to suffer the humiliation and embarrassment along with it. All we want to do this for you Neil we want to do this for your charity to raise the next your money we want to do something to make you happy to please you. Oh yeah I can please this punch like you were hungry of course what can I mean do it to good. They really did and I'm gonna tell you something you were even though he wasn't here when it's all came down you're boy that you were so high on Tracy Keroset all he showed me nothing while he was here absolutely positively nothing wasn't working with us and that's not the point in any respect in any way shape or form and he was the one that spawned this thing and let it get in the hands of a bunch of crazy people. Showed me nothing Tracy 0's if he do got included that he wanted over one or two out of here and never came in the say us screw you goodbye and up your hands anything. But nevertheless. Like those swing club though. If why do you first go? I think all those tones I am a baritone with me some notes cannot be how I can't see. So what I can reach and this ain't gonna happen. It's so too high. You high for me. So what can't sleep right back there if not happy. Oh, it's too high. Too high for me. What did you take me for? 1045 is fine. I like that song too tell Bachman it's a great song but nevertheless. And I like the United States agrees but nevertheless. 560, 560, pound 560 on the ATT wireless line a couple of really a one good little at the end of the sun set last morning and then there's one it's just so typical and so idiot a gun control rhetoric for global government. One of those one world conspiratorial wackos. Oh, this is a great letter which I'll get to eventually as soon as I come down put my brain back where it in the socket where it used to be. Stick my brain in my back though. Where it's comfortable. Here's my me lakes. Hello. Oh, how are you going here? Okay sir. Hey, is you alright? I want you to agree along with the governor. I really do think that our organized religion is number of big scams. Right. And also near. They are making a big deal about these sexual predators right. They have to register right. Yeah. What about the ones in the church? The creatures. They've got to the same thing too. Oh, no, they're exempt. You got to understand. We came up with it. But I'm serious when I'm saying, you know. Yeah. Alright, now look at the example. If you go and molested a bunch of children, you're going to go to jail. You're going to go to jail. You're going to go to jail for a lifetime of thick and thick. But with the church with a priest what they do is they reassign them. You know, they send them for counseling. Maybe if they get caught. And then they reassign them so they can go molested children in some other part of the country where they're unsuspecting. Right. Because we need so many cases of them all over the country. Right. That's right. Oh, I knew I would make sure. And back to it. Of course, they're isolated. Since you don't understand that, don't you? You just isolated. Only a few thousand here and a few thousand over there. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Look on page 20 of the weekend. Your friend, San Dugan, Christy. I'm over here. I've been talking about that for a half an hour. Well, I just ran your radio. I'm one of our thank you so much, man. And it's page 21. G. Oh. 560, 505. But you see people are finding it. And even though I don't usually read that section, a lot of people will. And they'll see that picture there. And they'll say, oh, my god, that looks like that murdering set of a bitch. And there is two guys from a QA and that we're always hearing about San Dugan. What's his name? Roger. Roger. Who's you? I can hold bunch of money out of this place every month and bring enough in it. He's the face man. You know, he's the stud. The stadium. The shorts are standing. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's just amazing. The little empire right, Louanne. Oh, did we have a meeting on Tuesday or what, huh? You know, if Pinocchio, if that thing about your nose growing, just like Bubba, remember that time I said that it looked like his nose was growing when he came on TV? If that Pinocchio thing, she'd have a nose so long. They'd have to bring her in the building sideways. Wire, liar, pantaloonies on fire, sweetheart. Everybody's here got in a different story man. They weave and they wobble and they maneuver. They ought to be professional boxes. They got moved that even my ties shouldn't be impressed by. Just unbelievable. But you can only evade the obvious for so long, okay, before you get caught in the tail and the tango of your own BS and lies. Here's a mobile and bill, Ray Beach, hello. Hell, yes sir. Good morning sir. What is this? Happy Friday, Steve. And back to you, if happy October 1. Hey, I say, Jesse the body for president. Right, right now. Guys, how does this guy walk? He's got the biggest, uh, co-honies around. Right, he's got balls like an elephant. Oh my god, I can't believe it. I'm sitting there watching the, uh, today's show. And when they said that, I almost fell out of my chair. And they did two from all that here. I wish I would have seen it. I don't watch that show. But I haven't had the Katie Kooerc nearly dropped the load right there in the chair. Oh yeah, she couldn't believe it. She was like, oh my god. This is terrible. All right, I hear that Al Rokers got here growing on his head. Now, just from Mother Shock. So, I really, bless you. Okay, Jesse for president, baby. Oh, you can't have somebody like that who doesn't support organized religion. Let me say it again. Let me read, I should just read that quote all day. This is not coming from the O'Rodges that he then fact, bastion. This coming from somebody who's the governor of Minnesota. Somebody who's a big, macho guy with a brain who understands what real life is all about. Organized prostitution, decriminalization to where I want to, let's get the goddamn weed people out of jail. Let's get government off our backs. Let's get all these goddamn goody two shoes, moralists off our out of our lives. Here's the guy we've been looking for for a zillion years. Of course he's bad for business. He realized for the religion. He's bad for their business. That's why they're reacting like others. Psychotic now. They haven't nervous breakdown. Organized religion is a sham and a crutch for a week-minded people who need strength and numbers to go to told the Playboy interviewer. It tells people to go out and stick their noses and other people's business. The religious right wants to tell people how to live. In other words, to paraphrase what I'm always telling you, intolerance, that's what it's all about. Religion breeds intolerance hatred. My religions better than yours is. I got the answers you don't. You're going to burn in hell. I'm going to be up there and have an idiot, idiot, and so it goes because I believe these very tales and you don't. My fairy tales are the right fairy tales. You're suck. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the 18 and T. I'll invite away the update on the Michel Gilland piece on Channel 4 and the kids with their lunches. We had a very, very marginal response on here yesterday. Like everything else I've been doing for 23 years here. Except given away free crap. The update is that now they've got, I think it was Coral Park High School. Coral Park Senior High. There are letting the freshmen in the sophomore's lead campus for lunch hour. But the problem is that they still can't get served lunch. Because the lines are too long. By the time they get up there, they run out of food anyway. So they interviewed a bunch of the kids who said, well, the deal is now with this practice gift lunch. There you go. There's a solution. The problem? Wow, there's a meat, a non-emerient one. Let me take cake. Let me nothing. That's a solution here. To the problem with the not being able to feed the kids in school. And here and by the way speaking of that and speaking of the stadium and all the other crap that they're trying to siphon tax money to billionaires, Marlon Zoner gives a million dollars to help fund Vokus Dress Center. And here's the picture. Look at this man is the most bizarre, trophy individual I've ever seen in my life. Look at this hand. Looks like it's a stick up. In fact, I think he's got a backward. I think he's the one that's trying to stick us up. John Henry would as hands up in here and this picture here in the Ascent settlest morning. Unbelievable. And we're supposed to be all excited about him. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Because he donated to a million dollars to help fund Vokus Dress Center because he thought it was dying within a regular heartbeat. Come to find out it wasn't a hard problem. It was stress. Which of course we know a lot about here at QIM. Especially this morning. So he's donated a million dollar gift. Translating into the creation of the John W Henry Center for Integrated Medicine in a hospital owned building on more road in Vokus. The Center will house the mind and body incident. Well, that's very nice. Of course it's a good tax write-off and it's good public relations. But in the meantime, how can he afford to be given a million dollars of what it charity? Well, we're supposed to raise him three or four hundred million dollars to build a stadium. What he's always crying for him out. And by the way, I was watching a little bit of the CBC news last night out of Montreal. And the Montreal Exposed, certainly one of the worst teams in a history of baseball, average 9,000 people a game this past season. 9,000 people a game. And for the second year in a row, there was a lot of debate about whether it's the end of the franchise. They're going to have to move. Are they going to have to disband the franchise? And it looks like they're going to come back again next year and be able to be organized. Why? Because they didn't lose any money. They average 9,000 people a game. And they didn't lose any money. And they're honest enough to say at least admitted. How do you like that? It goes back to what Hank was talking about there months ago about that fanciful, about bookkeeping that Wayne has famous for. Always given us poor amount, poor amount, we lost millions, we lost this, we lost it. And then the number of keep changing, you know? Always a real, just like kind of what that golf tournament. Oh, we raised 25,000 for center one. Did we? No, no, no, what a chance good. In other words, here's an aggregate of $25,000 in total that was raised of which 2000 went to the charity that this tournament was allegedly for. Where did the other $23,000 go? Inquiring mine. Are going to find out. We wanted an accounting and we wanted next week. Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach, Chilla. Me, you know. Yes, sir. You know, I've listened to your show for years and years and I always heard your stick about the management. And now, you know, you hit the nail right in head with the soldier thing. You can tell your sponsors that there's a lot of this that listen to the show that just when I know listening, well, we're not going to use the sponsors. We don't like to have a rub in our face, we're not crazy. Right. And the same thing with John Henry. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. He is. How can he ask us for tax dollars when he's given a million bucks away? I just don't understand. That to me was just like that other picture with the O.J. and San Du Spagan were a foster. It was like the other is like somebody slapping you in the face. Absolutely. The same with Henry there. I mean, don't ask me for money and then give a million dollars away. You're crazy. Right. You're crazy. And you know, the thing that was crazy, I must be nuts. I can't imagine what your manager was thinking. I love your show and I love it. When the high management was thinking, well, yeah, I guess that now you're getting a little carried away, sir. Now you're losing grip on reality. Well, you know, I would, you know, I would have gladly used some of your sponsors. Now, but the way that I cast my vote is the same way that you've told us for years. Just don't do it. And, you know, they if they're lifting their to blame. Nobody else. So in other words, what you're saying is that the audience ought to penalize all of us and all of our sponsors because we had two or three people in here that pulled up behind the scenes of deal. That the rest of us are decrying here on the year. Because the station management. Not necessarily you. You know, you're your casualty of the war. But I mean, how else can we say we keep listening when we know that nine promoted those days? I'll try to offer it now. I turn off right now. You're good idea. 560, 50560, POM560 on the AT&T Wireless Line at that sounds like a real good lawyer listening to me. Blame me for the fact that Roy Foster and Chan Duke and maybe one or two other assholes inflicted these people and also screwed up the people of Lago Mar and made our sponsors and all of us and everybody else who looked at, blame me for that. Punish me for that. Turn it off right now, sir. And have a great life. Thank you so much for all your dedicated years of listening. This fall on CBS meet a small town free to speak the word of God and add a few choice words of his own. It's Father Tourette's Mystery. Nearly beloved. We're gathered here today to join together this few sound sublimit a bit of a sucker mother in holy matrimone. Father Tourette mystery, a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago Holthlet and NYPD Blue Ball. Oh, you're all your whole life. Oh, you're a little fool about it. Mollner, you're a haphazard here. Sunday this fall, spending hour with Father Tourette, right after an all-muse season of touched down there by an angel, only on PBS. This will happen in the start. It's 11-1 at 5.60 WQM. I think that last guy made a lot of sense. You know, let's punish Neil and Hank in the morning guys. Everybody else on the station because we'd like to manage them because we're disgusted with their behavior. I know about myself. I listen to radio shows because I like the management of that particular station. I know what I want to watch a TV show. We're even a sporting event. I want to make sure that I like the management of that network or that station. Before I turn it on or subsidize their sponsors. I know if I go to a restaurant. I want to make sure, you know, no matter how good the food may be, I want to make sure they don't advertise on the station that I don't like the management of. Sir, you're just it's him. I'm embarrassed for you. In fact, why don't we also punish center one two? Let's not buy the best in Neil CDs or because let's not show up at Spacestymar. Just to show Greg Reed our disclosure with him. So let's punish other people. I'd nothing to do with this. Let's punish the people who are exposing it, laying it out on the table they're for you and trying to get something done about it. Let's punish them. Thank you sir for your tremendous loyalty and support. Your typical softs already in man. You're exactly what this town is all about. Like I've told you before, you make your friend someplace else. You've got a friend for life, maybe. You make your friend here. You've got a friend for about five minutes. Maybe. 56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. That's why we all need to join a fraternity. You go so we can take some good showers together. Here's Boker. Hello. I'm glad you just mentioned that. The old about the charity because I just had a thought driving yesterday the day before when you were talking about the fraternity. I might be wrong. I don't want to spread a rumor. But I'm pretty sure that I remember when Roy Froster got drafted. He came from USC. Right. Right. Just what did you think? Did you think of anything? Yeah. Wouldn't that be sort of... Don't you think the Jocs have sort of their own fraternity? Oh, absolutely. More than anybody else. No question. I mean, in reality too, there is a, uh, he and O.J. are joined at the hip. So that's kind of second. I'm going to cruise at that. They're running on the beach naked stuff. Kind of sticks with you. You have a friend for life. Right. In fact, I think that picture is going to be in tomorrow's Harold Roy and O.J. running naked on the beach on South Beach. Oh, that would do. In San Miguel, I think they're right on their SN. And the other reason that I want to put both of this thing is because I like GE light bulb so much. Yeah, me too. It makes sense. Now I used to tune till Reagan going to bother, you know? Oh, well, that's it. Let's punish ourselves. That's a typical Florida reaction. How do you like that guy, huh? I think you don't need him. But I'm listening because he said, yeah, let's just say goodbye to him. Because if he was to punish himself, let him do it. I'd rather listen to you no matter what. Thank you, sir. Thank you. I'll pray for you. Bye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Look at this. We're not a response here again this morning. It's the same. Well, I don't really care. I'm in another world today. Yeah, I can't tell you how many times on this station. I've come in and done a show. And by the time I get done, I've asked myself, how did I get through these four hours today? I mean, my mind is so disheveled and so twisted and so unglued here. I came in this morning feeling just fine. His chipperers can be walked into the door, not knowing what to expect. And right away, it starts with George Corso said this and this one said that. And then we look at the program log and turns out, Louanne is lying again, which for the evening at time is week. How many pictures have you got, Louanne? And like I said, I've said this so many times since I've been here. There's so many people in this place. I don't ever want to see again. I don't want to see them. I don't want to do business with them. I don't want to know from them. I don't want to hear about them. I don't want to see them even because I'm there detestable. They're disgusting. They're nauseating. They're puking, dozing. They're on professional. They're liars. They're discussies. They like tear away at your life. It's your very existence. Who needs that? Louanne? Just lie and lie and lie and do all of these things. And oh, God, if you had any idea, if it's a good thing I like that person, I talked about yesterday. I would tell that story. But I promised I wouldn't. And I won't. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile informeyer, as well. Hello. Yes, sir. A couple things I want to say were a quick one thing. I think your management knows everybody in the apology. I'm not going to stop listening to the show. I like everybody I'm going to show them in four miles. They have Brett Collins. They got you in the morning, Hank. And I'm not going to stop. What do you want? Right. I'm going to show you a little bit of a radio up there. I know I'm not going to stop listening to the program because it is an manager made it. Because I'm handling the phone here. And they need to put a written one in some newspapers or get on the air in a apology. How would we have Greg Reed recorded an apology that we could play on the air saying that the station regrets the embarrassment and that we had nothing to do with that? And how would I say to the people who are not going to respond to the, I mean, that would be like a professional thing to do is to have him record an apology that we could play a few times a day. I agree. And second thing, I'm the organized religion, my girlfriend is a Catholic. I'm an atheist. It doesn't interfere with our relationship. Oh, she goes to church because she likes the sense of community. She likes knowing all her neighbors or mom goes with her husband. And she's not a fanatic about it. She doesn't preach. She doesn't tell me that we have to be married and a church with this priest and this and that. And so she doesn't obsess about the, you know, having a belong to a group or anything. And it's kind of a reflection to see someone that doesn't, you know, claim it down to everyone's throat and up there. I have so to speak. Yeah, right. Okay. Well, I'll pretty. All right. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Okay. 600 open lines here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line will be a special tomorrow at the Saga Resmills Mall from noon to two right by the blue dolphin entrance to the Saga Resmills. Right near Ruby, two days off. Let me go. Road near rooms to go with our center one CDs are best in 99 CDs and cassettes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's four Latterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. One, you at least to go for hangover. He's a fat piece of crap. Yeah, because I like hangover. He's been great to me since I've been on this station. And you know, you ask holes that want to start, you know, like to call me a couple weeks ago. Oh, I used to like it better when you want to be on the station. You used to poke fun today. Well, you know, something we were competitors, but I always said one thing. I have no problem with Hank. And I'm glad that I said that because I didn't have a problem with him then. And I especially don't have a problem with him now. And I appreciate it. Even told in this off the area yesterday, thank God for him being a one guy in his place who stands up for the things that make sense and having the balls to be a little bit passionate about the right things. Whether it was the penny sales tax, whether it was about John Henry and his goddamn stadium. So you know, if you don't like Hank, don't listen to him. But don't give me a lecture about the goddamn Hank Goldberg. Okay. He's fine in my book. He's the champion in my book in his place. He got a few Spineless jellyfish in his place. He walked the air, got a big mouth, but other than that, they got that nothing to say. Because they're, you know, scared for their job. 560, 50560, POMP 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Davy. Hello. Davy. Yes, sir. Neil, I really enjoy your show. Yeah. Here's a mobile and mirror more. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Good morning, how are you? Okay. Neil, I agree that certainly the honor of personnel, they should not in any way be punished for putting it mildly the misdeeds of the management of the station. My concern is, as a general listener, though, is that your sponsors, if this becomes an occurring issue, whether it's OJ or someone else, are going to clearly start backing away from the station. It may not be something that happens immediately, but it'll have an impact. And eventually, will have an impact on the on your personalities and my question. I got a good contract. I got a PMEB you're a little bit. I have no spots. They still got a PMEB. That's their problem. But the damn shame, Neil. And I guess my question is, can you please tell me specifically what is the position if, if maybe that's to my path? The answer is, what the, what the rest of the question is, prone is the answer. The position of what? Of the management, with regard to this OJ, the bottle. I can't speak for the management. They're going to, like I said, he should have something on a year. He should be as speaking for himself. You know, I work for major corporation. The senior management capacity. But I mentioned that for one reason, if I were to have done what Mr. Duket did and Mr. Fawster did, I would not have a job. Hey, any, sir, any other radio station I've ever worth that in my life, especially considering the minimal contributions of the two people you just mentioned. Any other place I've ever worked, those two would be have been history over the weekend last weekend. And we'd be a movement onward and upward. We wouldn't have pictures in the newspaper. And we wouldn't be wasting our time on this crap against. And we wouldn't be having a pill. And people running around here, psychotic, like we are today. It is incredibly embarrassing. But anyway, I just wanted to let you know that I like to show. I don't call up in. I called the last week off once I spoke to you. But that's wishes. And I hope those people get their ad. They're heads out of their asses and see the lies. And happy circus. Thank you. OK. So I guess I'm. Thank you. Yeah. And go fuck yourselves. MUSIC I would in for you. No matter what you do, I don't care how hard you try. All you got to do is treat it like I'm so tired. body queen. I am Jahre Tangariano. And a film actress got bulletin** & she got bruises. I don't care how hard you try. All you guys do is you're my cheat thing, love. Come at the same, Jesse DeBody from President, Baby, let's have the election tomorrow. We're going to have over the weekend. We're going to have over 10 or 20 times. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Why will a blind headgoal brochure with two featuring Jimmy? We could be special Johnson at five. Talking baseball with fat Josh Friedman at the six o'clock, because I guess done a piece a little bit. Certainly today. And then the Marlins that Atlanta to play the praise, 7, 0, 5, all of the last weekend of Marlins baseball. Here's Carl Spray and Salam. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You got to love that Jesse Ventura. What was the last time you heard a politician? Never. Never. Play every legend. Never. It's like a sacred cow. Right. It's unbelievable. Anyway, yeah, you got to love Jesse. He scared me a little bit at the beginning because you know, a wrestler and Jesus. But he really seems to care for the country and what he's doing. He seems to be a front. And he's got a brain. He's got came a sense. Everything he sounds. He deals with ideas with like a manks like a person who's thinking it out as opposed to somebody who's just pandering. Right. Right. And if you read some present, I'm voting for him. Absolutely. Anyway, that's not what I called. I called because I wanted to join my new organization. Yeah. As I entered my 40s, I think I'm a very slow learner. But I finally realized the number one truth of the world. And that is that everybody's an asshole, but us. Right. But you and me. That's it. And try to tell me that we got to be so lucky. But yeah. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. Thanks for the vote of confidence. It's been nice talking to you, sir. But obviously because our management or a bunch of bosos, we won't be talking to any of you any more. Nice timing too, by the way. Greg, excellent timing. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Now you're going to have to hear a few ways when I tell you about what happened this morning. I'm calling for you to cheer me up. I might not be sitting with a nice pack of my colonies because I had my vast spectameter's morning. Yeah. Can you cheer me up with a couple of requests? No. You don't need the cheer enough. I'm the one who needs the cheer enough. And I'm sitting here dying again this morning. Believe me, just dying with this crowd. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile info. Hello. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Good. Get done to something good. Got hockey stuff tomorrow night. Yeah. And hopefully looking forward to maybe a two-two try. Goes over time and see some four or four-flight. You're going to be at the game? I'll be there. What's that, Shania? 106. Ah. 105. Get seated. I'll wait for you. I hope you will. I'll wait back. Bring yourself on. I'll go to it. Okay, see ya. We'll just stand up in front of everybody else and talk on a cell phone in the middle of the game. 1600 open lines here today. Nothing moves these bastards like I told you before. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile and highly. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Listen. A quick question about the city. Is that a villain at all, Specs? Yes, I'm going to be there for all over the day, Brad and Palm Beach. Okay. I want to do it highly and I can't find it anyone. No, yeah. It'll be there this weekend. All right. Hey, go, Jim and for mayor. Okay. Uh-huh. 560, 505, 60, another dumb little Specs. Like I said earlier in a week. If I had the strike to do with the day, I would. I'd just sit here and talk for four hours or at least most of it. I headed for three days. I ain't going to happen today. Sweetheart, music. Let that music play, baby. Because they just they tear out your kishki and then they tear the inners of your mind. Whatever kind of mental preparedness you had to come in here and do a video show by the time it gets to be 10 o'clock. You're ready to walk out of your screaming and yelling and. Yeah. Like that. Every goddamn day lately. Maybe they're just coming on. I'm glued. Maybe they just can't handle the pressure. That might be it. 560, 505, 60, pound, five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We're waiting for your stuff here today. Folks, we're waiting desperately. Are we getting it? No. What we're getting our more on like that. Little spik from I. I just there. Things he's a sit down comedian. The Howard love and guy to call before making gutter. We'll sound the usual bunch of spine. Or right. That we get from the soft photo audience. We got nothing thoughtful to say. And basically I'd very little thoughtful to say yes today. What I'm sitting here screaming and two can my guts out. I'm being half of the kid to this guy. Damn. Who have nobody who cares about them. The kids to go to school. Who have no textbook. The kids to go to school and school buses with. And your mom to drive and who can drive or figure up or ask the kids to go to school. I can't get lunch break. Nobody cares baby because this is a real special place. This is Lala land. If you ever hear anybody use that expression. Lala land just look around you and you'll know you're in it. You'll be here. Nothing moves them other than free crap. Nothing moves them all. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Is this nail? Sounds like me. Oh, not on the telephone. Sounds like somebody who is pretend to be me. Okay. I'm just listening to yesterday but I didn't get a chance to call and I'm a day count a teacher. Right. So I just wanted to tell you that they're always bragging about being the largest school system. And that's why they're so crummy because they are so big. And we don't have enough schools and we don't have enough anything. But that's not it. There's no control. There's too many schools for a little school to you know for 12 board members to control. It just doesn't work. And they ask like kings and queens because when they come to an event, there's a certain order that you have to address them. And they have to be addressed in a certain way. And they have to be a cow-tailed too. Who are you talking about the school board members? The school board members. I mean the whole way. It's just ridiculous. They count a needs to make our school system smaller so that the people we elect are more like. Well, how do you make this school system smaller? You send all the kids off the private schools then? No. No. You take the county and you divide it up into six or seven school districts as opposed to one large county system. When you go to a management plan. When you went to school, you didn't have huge school districts. Right. And you have the people in your neighborhood where the people who you voted for. So if we can ever get smaller school districts. And you know get rid of the problem. But in the meantime, that doesn't answer the revenue questions. Where does the money come from to feed these kids? And to get the textbooks to the kids who can't take any homework because they have no textbooks. Where does the money come from? They're guided by people screaming and yelling for additional tax dollars for education. Not to build stadiums and crap like that. So, the money of money is spent very poorly. It's all given to the principals and the principals have total discretion on what they buy. Some buy aid, some have their friend work there. Some buy all extraneous things to make their school look good. But that may be decorative in nature but aren't related to teaching. And so it's in the wrong hand. So there's plenty of money. I think so. I just think it's laundry. And I think if they ever did an audit speaking about audits, school board members who find out that their pockets are lying pretty well too. There's all the books that they buy. They buy a top dollar and kickbacks goes some sites. And they buy new programs every three years and throw out the old ones. They have need to spend the money like they do. It's going someplace but nobody in the town ever looks into that tax dollars. And we're not. There's about a nobody cares about education here. It's a it's a foreign topic nobody cares. Well, I think somebody should care and I think it should care the herald or the some sent mall or somebody. No, no, no, no. They're heard in a sun sent law. Too busy trying to get us to spend more public money so we can build a stadium for millionaires. Well, I agree but I'm sorry to say it's a sad state. The parents don't care because the parents aren't educated enough to even know. Okay, good last week. Our hang in there. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's my me lake. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, are you doing it? Okay. Three things fast. First of all, I tried to make this a Garus blend it up. I met him at the lake at the. Shula steak down that famous fire beer day, but the main thing that I want to talk to you about. What do you think of this trade of lengthy and Simpson? I think it's much to do about nothing. That's what I think. It just a matter of just changing taking that guy that he wasn't that great. But I mean, I mean, Lindsay, well, you know, first of all, Lindsay was a forward and Simpson's a defenseman, but the fact is we got too many defensemen number. Right. Right. That was concerned. Lindsay wasn't a big guy, but it was as hard knows and play the stuff as anybody that we've ever had on the thing. So, I have a goal to to me. This again is just spinning their wheels desperately trying to get somebody on their same. Oh, we're trying to get somebody to protect Pavell Brey and we're trying to get somebody on a blue line. How sensitive is not the kind of defenseman they need anyway, then somebody who's offensive defenseman, which he is not. You're right. You're right. And this man this morning, Terry Murray, whatever his name is, the coach he was defending that other guy's sense and that this a day was a perfect trade. Well, I don't understand this guy. He's a piece of crap. I just think that think out of at least we have Pavell Brey and we just hope that that that. And what I'll tell you is not as fragile as they're acting like he is because if he is, it's going to be a real long year with him sitting on the thing. He's taking the blow that this guy gave him the other day. Yeah, Chris Wells, it's the first hit he's ever given. Yeah, guys, a big guy. He almost killed him. But anyway, he survived the whole thing, but anyway, I really appreciate talking with you and telling you this, this lady that's called before she's right. What about the money of the lottery? Where did that go? Where is it? Probably in somebody's apartment. Probably the same place as the money for our golfers. The lottery money was going to help discolst us to get away. A little bit of it. I think we voted for them. We sent them with a dive black hair. Have you seen him? Yeah, with a mustache. Okay, yeah, lucky you sent. That was great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60. On the AT&T F and line, that's what he said. Nice corner, sir. Henry F. 26 after 11 of 2 AM. That is great radio. Hello, I'm George W. Bush, Jr. Your next president's lackey or not. And I'm here to talk to you about headache relief. You live in the South and suffer from occasional headaches. All right, command Bush, cocaine powder for relief. That's by the side for short. You know, I'm so thankful, rich, that headache, about all I can relate to, when it comes to little voters like you. To not remind telling you that you'll contribute to my soft money campaign war chest with every packet. Bush, cocaine powder, you buy. Bush, cocaine powder is not recommended for use by Jews. It's 1132 at 5.60 W. Qm housing by Jew. We got a couple of lines, 5.60, 505. 60 pound, 5060 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile info, a lot of nail. Hello. Yes, sir. Listen, I don't want to start an, you know, I'm hoping on the school education thing anymore, but my brother happens to be a principal in date County. It's preset when I see him have to go to office depot and office max to buy supplies that aren't being provided. So, you know, it's not a situation like the principle that got all this money in the world. Plus, let me teach some of that. You know, that teacher that the Colton said that there's more than enough money. I'm not buying that for a second. Well, let me teach some. I think there's no money. I think there's no money. And everywhere, but there's not enough money. There's no way that their kids go without textbooks. If there's enough money. No, but, but, you know, the problem is I pay all this taxes for school and education and everything. And you know what, my kids could have private schools. So, what do they do with my money? I'm having to pay twice. So, I think the reason of money there. They don't need to have money for kids that don't even go to school. So, what are they doing with that money? I think it's a misappropriation or lack of intelligence, maybe. On the part of this folks? Maybe OJ's got it. Okay. Okay. Just keep that in mind, folks. There's plenty of money to go around. Just keep that in mind. No problem. That's a real good excuse. Next time they have some head of a vote on money for education. What they always vote against that down here anyway. Just say no and have a clear conscience about it. Because there's certainly plenty of money to go around. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless lunch. See, this is always, this is what amazes me. And it's just a such a cover up for people that don't really give a crap about kids education and it's kids who go to private school anyway. So what's all this he care about the public schools? It's such a great convenient rationalization to make you feel better about yourself. The fact that you don't care about the quality of education. Just very sad. I saw that yesterday. I saw your tremendous, your dynamic response. And then you see the kids under on the news last night. Well, and you know, we're just going to have to skip lunch because they're still in a food and they're still at a long line. And so now that we're stuck here as per this, we'll just have to skip lunch all together. How about just skipping all the meals every day? Just go home and have dinner. Here's your field B, shall I? Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Two things. One. Let me ask you a question. Why would the Murray boys advertise that Pavel? Because they're dumb. It's just a very dumb. Well, maybe we'll put them on forwards. We're Billy Lindy was the second thing I got a good bell south of the ability story for you. I went and have my contract to be renewed. So I called them up and I said, well, 18T is offering all this great stuff. I'd like to switch them. Like, what can you do for me is an existing customer? They said, we don't care about our existing customer's only new customers. Get the deals, the one penny phones or what? Well, we don't care about our existing customers. That's Florida for you. That's beautiful. Nice way to do business. Good luck to us. Right. Have a great day. Thanks for the good news. Thanks. Kind of like you. I see you're a QAn. We don't care about anybody. Fine, just keep breaking that money. Like the sign on the wall behind me says, just give us the F and money. Thank you. We've had that sign up there for almost two years and boy, never were true words spoken. Right, Lou Ann? 560505060 on the AT&T Wireless line. You see, the audience doesn't seem to, I mean, I realize it's a week old. It's an old thing now. But it's following us around. It's causing a lot of internal and, you know, it's like a guy named Title Wave of psychosis. But the audience don't seem to give a crap about the old J thing. They couldn't care less. I do care because it makes me look stupid. It makes the people of center one looks stupid. There's a guy over there at Lago Marjo's about to lose his job because of it. But these people don't care about that. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Morning, Neil. Yes, man. This is your Argentinean Jew. Uh-huh. Is my birthday today? Yeah. So chronic. Oh. I do. Oh, cry. Thank you. I just want to talk to you about the schools. Yeah. I think I'm lucky when I live. My kids go to a high-end-oqs middle school. The wife? High-end-oqs middle school. They have books coming home with them in at school. And they never missed a lunch. And they serve whatever they're supposed to serve. Yeah. So look at the drive. I mean, if your kids haven't got to go to just the right school. And you'll like you say you'll be lucky. And if not, then you're screwed. Absolutely. I know that all the other schools are, you know, that way. But wherever credit is too, I would like to do that. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Have an nice weekend. Have a happy. Have a happy circus. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. Like I said, the other day, where's the mayor? Where's Mr. Mayor? It's got this seminar there about the children. And about the future of the children. And a year, 2000, and yet all the other bullcraft, all this political, uh, grandstanding. Where's he about the channel for story? No room at the lunchroom. Where's he? Huh? You ought to be driving around a guy named Milkwagon, serving up throw out sandwiches. I'm sure Mickey Erson could afford to provide some lunches for those kids. Set up some, some, some, some, some. If actually probably like to make a profit too, I set up a little conception there for all those schools where the kids can't get lunch every day. Let's just give him the franchise. You can go into food business. I'm sure he's going to serve some crap food there with the mercenary lines. God damn arena. And by the way, isn't it very appropriate that it's being called the mercenary lines arena? Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, hi, don't. Okay. I agree with you that the kids don't get enough money for the schools, but I also agree that they're not spending it wisely. I mean, I'm gonna keep myself and I can see that high schools don't get enough money. Yeah. But, uh, I'd like that lady said, like, the kids get two sets of books. One they get and one they take home and one they pay at school. I mean, I want to private school my life and we only got one set of, you know, books. You get two sets of books. The kids get two sets of books. A lot of my friends that go to public school, they get two sets of books to get one to take home and one that's paying school. I'm like, I see a few a and that's what we do in bookkeeping. We keep two sets of books. I mean, I mean, that's ridiculous. And then also, like, my brother's a teacher and they have to get that, you know, the parents don't, they don't want to take them to school, you know, and they don't care about their kids. Yeah. And, you know, they get their kids picked up by some bus. And then they need some special assistance to make sure that the kids get on the bus and he doesn't run away or something, you know. And that's this next to your money. I mean, if the kid wants to go to school, who go to school and if he doesn't, you know, the house from then, you know. I don't think, I don't think that we should spend, we should spend all this money for no reason, you know. I mean, I agree to take them to the kid and the kid to school on a bus. What do you want to think about kids that aren't getting lunch because there's no food for them. It lunch and some of the bigger schools. What's what about that? I really hate that. I like stupid crap. You know, okay. 560, 750, 5060 on the 80. Well, that's the way people talk. I hate to break the news. The word police at the FCC up there. Okay. That's the way real people talk. It's almost the year 2000. And they do say SH all the time. But all God forbid, we should let that on here. That's evil. That's bad. It's okay. That's all the grant and all the robbery. It got them public funds all over the goddamn place. And the fact that there's kids can't get a lunch at school every day. Who people are paying taxes to make sure that they do get fed. Which they have to pay for it anyway if they can afford to do so. But nevertheless, but God forbid that I have to cut this kid off because he says SH on the air. Oh, do we need Jesse Ventura? If ever a man was right for a country. If ever there was a time when this man was needed. It's right now. Not in four years, not in eight years, not ten years from the circus. But right now. But of course, you know, like I said at the beginning of the show today, you know, he's just the sealed his own coffin with 700 big nails by making a very honest and very accurate observations about organized religion. You can forget about him now. As we speak, Eric is a touching a link to our website where people can email him through our website and, uh, for what it's worth. Can email Jesse the body? Yes. Also by the way, you can also, by order your center one, your best in the LCDs on there. And you'll Roger's dot comets under. Twenty-be four million at five sixty wqa and your hopeless station for the 90s. This is five sixty. You lay out. This station stands for nothing. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. I don't know if that's just keep on checking up my bad. Don't play the cards on their way to you. How young is too young? Yeah. And my breath is broken down my foot. Ready to take it. All right. Come on to me and let the things in my head. And it's about the honor of the Lord. I'd love to be your honor, Disney. You know everything about me. Everything can do. Squirt's court. I'm on the way. I'm gonna see you. You should make it a day. But you could go to jail and let me let me. It's like me. You left a friend on me. She was twenty five but she's just a teen. No, it's like me. I've got my life on free. Daddy called a callman. Oh, I've got my perfect name. They cut off half the television. They're all my friends. They're my name. They're both doing well. Right, though. Oh, my show. She's underage. She's working. She's working. She's working fine. She's just being cared of. She's getting a miserable, and still is pregnant. And I'm tied to the time. She's looking fine. She's working fine. She's just being cared of. Eight. It's a LM46 at five sixty. WM, we got the word police, baby. I wish the audience could see that eight million paid response that our attorneys had a send to the FCC for that pending alleged thirty five thousand dollar fine for Indies and broadcasts on the show last year. I wish you could take a look at it. How juvenile, how ridiculous is that we have a bunch of adults sitting up there in Washington. Looking at rectum, tell us damn near killer men or spellings stuff wrong and they got the bleached missing in some of them. They don't know what they're doing. Sitting around the censorship people protecting our children. The same kids who can't get fed lunch at school by the way, but we got to protect them from words that they use every day themselves. You're a bunch of crazy people. Let's do problem with our government man. It's run by mostly crazy people. And in the meantime, the rest of the people are going around. Yeah, let's get that stadium built so we could have a good day at ball club. I mean, the real tip off today was what they was. I give those hockey tickets away was it whatever day it was. A couple of days ago. For opening night tomorrow night in the front row, 105 dollars a piece, 210 dollars worth of tickets for opening night. And I'm asking because I just don't want to give them away. Make it a little bit tough. Ask and identify some players. Okay, just to show me a little bit about to sport a little bit. Steve Eisenman, Matt Sundeen, Doug Gilmourke. So, you know, Steve was salonic. What number are they wearing? You know, or 110, 28? Yeah. Yeah. And there'll be a whole bunch of people there tomorrow night. One hundred hate words the big sparks at night. He's after five or six week. Oh, gee, we don't want to see that. We want to see him hit somebody. Come on, a wall, hit somebody. They not only don't have any ID who he is. They can't even pronounce his name. I have no idea why they show up. I know. Zero. Here's P Ryan. Hello. Hey, man. How you doing, man? I just thought this morning. I got a real serious hit. He got them fired up. I got a real serious beast this morning. Dude, listen, how can that answer this question from the hatches itself? How can you have people that don't speak English? Yeah. Working in a place like this. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm extremely late for my flight, man. Right. So I'm rushing through to, you know, the scanners, with a, I guess, people looking for dope or whatever. Right. So, no, they're looking for hand grenades. Okay. So I'm going through the summer tans. He was like four of the people, right? Right. The lady who was taking care of me. She don't speak a little. Right. She's a big male, bitter English. Right. I actually go through it and with other people, I get my long, went off to them, running, trying to get to the flight. Right. She telling me to stop in Spanish. That is America. I don't speak Spanish. Right. So I'm running, trying to get to my place. She run behind me, speaking Spanish. I don't know who she talking to. No, you're supposed to turn around, go. No, picking the money. No picking the money. So, what I'm going to make up for is, all these fellow agents come tackle me down. I come running through, you know, I'm fast. You're serious. I'm dead serious. Federal agents came and tackled you like you were OJ running to the hurts counter. Tackled me like I had. Like I'm trying to get through that with a bomb. Oh, my God. He's a cocaine or whatever. I need to complain, man. These two of me, the get back on these A-Rafs and get that cross. A-Lin. I'll be there. Get with the program. Get with the English or get lost. A-Lin. And I appreciate it, man. I'm going to do something these two of them. Seriously. Take these. Okay, George says he just a little guy. Okay. He had nothing to do with that. Just turn around and yell. No pick it up, honey. No pick it up, honey. And just keep running. She just said, hold it. Yeah. Oh, he's right, man. There's those, but been animal. People have got it to your port. And you wonder why the list of all those people that are hand grenades and their cocaine and the heroin all that stuff. You wonder why 99 and 2-3% of them were no pick it up in English. 5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. My date county is lost. We've declared that so many times, but it's always worth saying again. They county is lost. Here's Popano. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was just wondering if they're someone of schools. I've dated a teacher and the private schools actually pay less to the teachers in the public schools. And so that's sort of the boldest need as far as why the private schools are so much better. If the teachers aren't being paid as much. Maybe the fact that they don't have 30 and 40 kids in a classroom might have some zero. Well, I mean, what in the teachers has a more motivation to get in paid more? What are you with, Tink? So yeah. But I don't know. And far as those days concerned. And in addition, we don't you think that the parents of those have enough money and care enough to spend money to send their kids to private schools that the kids are more highly motivated to learn? No. No. Because I went to a public school. I had some fun to went to a private school. Yeah. And the kids with the private schools have a lot of extra cash and they did just able to goof off more by more drugs or do whatever they want. So I don't think that really has a big, big difference as far as... So maybe let's cut the pay of the teachers. That'll solve the problem. That yeah. I just think that in different teachers may have made all the problems. I don't think they're really screen the teachers well or the management at the public schools don't really care as much. I think we're probably going to be good if the teachers could like speaking with properly they would be good. I remember having a family meeting not having to be able to... I'm not just talking about Spanish. I'm talking about people who speak with Bounix and all kinds of people who can speak English. Right. Find an expert there named. Yeah. I'm believable. Unbelievable. Anyway, I just wanted to also thank you for getting rid of that douche bag deal. That was getting a little thing ahead. Yeah. It's time to headrun. It was time. Okay. I'll smell how to go. Bye. 567. So we're going to cut the salaries of teachers in the public schools system and it'll and the little tightened things up a little bit. And maybe we can use the money that we save so we can buy some lunch for these kids. No, it's room at the lunch room. These are things that I never heard of before in my lifetime. In my life. In the 600 years I've been alive. Things I never heard of before. Only here in Florida. Where everybody's got all of this money and of course it's all going for graph. Like the $29 million dollar. I went out and lunch is that would buy the $29 million spent for the project. It made money international that they had a scrap because well we had to change our plan. And the $29 million went on the toilet. And the money to $440,000 they spent to bring the pan American games here. And then we had to send them to someplace else because they were going to have Cuba participate. And we said, oh no, we can't do that. Because all the local politicians, including that gringo, that cracker mirage deer hunt were pandering to the old Cubans. Oh yeah, we got to say goodbye to the pan and pan and games. So that was like slush and muddled on the toilet. It's just amazing. And then by the way, and I never saw anything on the local news this morning. Governor Boots, he was supposed to, well, you know, by midnight last night, 11.59 pm. He was going to like take over the city of Miami because carroyal. He vetoed the budget because he was pandering to the senior citizens there. What does thing he's trying to get through on lowering the seniors' taxes? So they finally came up with a guy that budgeted for the city of Miami. And he vetoes it. And the governor says that they didn't have a plan in place by midnight last night. He's taken over and we didn't have a week. They may suspend all the services in the city of Miami. But there's no problem. Let's build a goddamn stadium. Let's build a freaking stadium for John Henry. In a city where the state is about ready to take over the goddamn city again. Because we can't figure out where the next time is going to come from. Like I said, crazy people. Let's build a stadium. And the best they can do is argue about, well, you know, it's too congested over here. That's got nothing to do with the fact is that he wants to build a goddamn stadium. Let a payers own goddamn money out. He just gave a million dollars charity away this morning and got his big ugly pussy in the paper there. I'll say it again. Any person who, we're going to butterfly in it. For anybody who wants to give their tax money to this, no, it's not crazy. Oh my god, this, he needs to be in a rubber room somewhere. We need to be protected from this guy. In fact, where's that letter to the editor? This is great. Bruce Mata Calvone for Latterdale says, For Latterdale has rushed to pass laws that stop the feeding of homeless people on public beaches. Our community so offended by these types of beggars demanded and quickly got laws to protect us from them and not a moment too soon. Why then one confronted by Marlon Zoner John Henry asking for money to go to the state of the art stadium playground. Are we left to face this bigger without protection? Shouldn't there be a law? Maybe we are to regard his scheme to use other people's money whenever possible as the demonstration of his innate sense of smart business strategy. No, I think you're right, Bruce. We ought to pass a law because he's publicly begging. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. For our guide day and money. But of course, just say, no. Works like, like a charm. You keep playing him. My family is always on day. I think it's time lots of the hundreds straight about not bringing George Bush. Some people say, there knows his omitons. Yeah. He did just, but I'm so much to point. For he doesn't look at it. George Bush is fine. So what if he's not able to line? Well, he's a bad damn candidate. I see. I don't care if he's often fed of me. Red and clay. He was a ticking mine. So he's too fresh. He did line. I guess I just don't understand what the big deal is. We've had a minute president's office. He's done the rehearsal here another. Like Gerald Moore for instance, obviously he was on the ground. Otherwise, why was he falling down? Well, he was so hot. Someone's going to live. He didn't even know what we're all to just for the first day. Why even way back to what he said. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. The jury tree was because you had the lunch. You know. It's about Rachel. From noon at 5. 60 WQ. I've got the Hank Goldberg show at 2 o'clock in the afternoon with a Jimmy. We could be really special show at the five o'clock. And then we got talking baseball with big fat smelly Josh Friedman at six seven o'clock. The Marlins had the braids as we began the last season. The last series of the season for the Marlins. Let me say it again. Saw it on the CDC last night. A lengthy report on the Montreal exposed who had a grotesque year. Although they will finish the marlins, but nevertheless. And average 9,000 people again is all the average in the tenants. And they still said, well, you know, we're going to save the franchise and we'll back next year. And the reason we can say that with competencies, we didn't lose any money. How about that John Henry? I mean, it was a rough year at the gate for the Marlins. The show is held average is a lot more than 9,000 people again. Attendants, at least in ticket sold. And yet all we ever hear is they're always doing a tough way. And they're always doing that tough for a squirt and a few here. Squirt and a few there were supposed to be also sorry for them. Because they just can't make it in that facility. He's not a goddamn thing wrong with that stadium. So it rains. You know something big stick can deal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the AT&T. Wrained in the first year too. And you know something they drew over 3 million people the first season. It's by the rain. Same weather, same location, same parking. And guess what? All in by the way, oh, that's another thing I should tell you. You know, this business with Dave O'Brien and John, John, what the hell is this name? Joel Angel. I'm getting so tongue-tied. I came and think of his guy named, Jo Angel and Dave O'Brien. And the way it was handled so poorly that they let it out before the season was over. So that they're not speaking to each other, even look at each other. And there's that tremendous hostility there. Guess who pulled this off by the way? Let me give you one clue. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. And also he's the one I went to Barry Jackass and given the story. How do you like that? The piss off I got like Joel Angel, who did a good solid job for a hover many years. What was it? 7, 8 years that they've been in existence now. And instead of waiting until the season was over, which was just you know, a few weeks after the announcement was blurred it all out to the media. And creating all this hard feeling. Your an asshole John Henry, that's exactly what you are. You are a little BDI, trophy asshole who got lucky planned to come out of these market made a lot of money. That's your only claim to fame other than that you're a zero you're nothing. You know, nothing about public relations just like your predecessor with that organization. And you think that because your stuff don't stick in because you're given money away and because you're sucking around with some of the people in the media. You got an in with a heroin and a son Sentinel. You think you can pull it over on the public here and we're going to dig deep into our pockets and just hand you over a bunch of money. So it can build you a guy named fancy play toy. Well guess what John Henry the answer is still funny like that. Maybe he can run a few golf tournaments you know. If he can scan as much money on a golf tournament to somebody did on the one that we had here a week ago. Maybe he can wind up with millions and millions. I don't know. We'd you like to find out where that other 23 grand went to. And somebody sure is how low is an apology to that guy out there at Lago Mar who's job is on the line who had nothing to do with this by the way. Who's there where did he can because they didn't want any part of OJ. I know that comes to the great shock to somebody else in this building the OJ sickness people the four or five OJ liqueurs we got. I don't want to mention Philis and Roy and screw in and and Sam by name. My come as a great surprise to them but there's a whole lot of people beside me and Rogers who do a lot of you associate in any way of shape or form with the murderer. What a shock. Here's the key is hello. Oh dear I want to have to bail. I've a lot of my little brain wants to point I was going to make this isn't totally relevant but it's not unrelated. Okay. One of the things that is always confounded man irritated the crap out of me or people that walk around for 18 or 20 years and things that are pretty good place and then all of the same and they have kids and it becomes a real evil wretched place and I think maybe more to the point they should kind of think of three before they decide to have their little darling. Right. Maybe it'd be a good idea instead of trying to change the world. If the square out your little brat who gets your kid ready for the world because it's kind of always been this way. I don't know. I get that sounds cruel and I'm not sure. You're right. We have a lot of children making children today and they haven't got the foggyest idea or any clues to how to be responsible parent. I mean I love your idea for spiritualization. I've been kind of aligned to that nice myself for years but it's kind of a taboo subject you'd hear from. Oh yeah because of course you get into racism and all of the sub-eleadism and the things like that. But the fact is it's called survival. Quality of life. Quality of life. Oh that's one of those comedy-pink-aligns. The right wing is the real nervous when they hear somebody say that. What time is your little thing tomorrow? I'd like to drive up and see you. No one to two saw Grasmills Mall. I'll try to make it. Okay. One of the things that I haven't heard in a long time and I did test making a request but was a plain blade thing. Okay. Sure you got it. Thank you. See you. Well I shouldn't have said you got them. Let's just sit in there. Oh boy don't ever say you got it unless you know that it's in there. I bet it's not in there. Is it? What is it? Sling blade? Sling? Sling blade? Oh is that what it is? Is that what it's called? Yeah there it is. It's in there. Thank God. I hate promising. Oh yeah no problem. And then it's not in there. And then I see oh that asshole. He promised me. Well it's in there. We got it. 560, 560, 560, 810, 2 wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Hi. Love the show. I have a friend of mine. He really enjoys baseball which I don't especially the morning. He's always telling me and I bought. I always argue about the stadium and he says oh we need to be done because it's a business and this will be money for the franchise. And I'm like no. Well what does that mean? It's a business that will bring money for the franchise. Yeah because the public doesn't start a business for somebody else. If you're in business you put up the money to start your own business. Right. And he says oh because not the money that the consensus stands. The money the the hot dogs and everything goes for the dolphins. It doesn't go for the morning. And I say well you know the dolphins that he's in the market to the playoff everyone's in a while. And I don't know what they did with the team this bring enough to team right there. Tell them the biggest hot dog with the marlins is the owner. Okay sir. That will sell the problem. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. As we keep rolling along sing it a song. Two sour notes along the way. Here's a mobile and a four-later day. Hello. Yeah. Okay sir. I think God could just even turn it right here. If he dares. You know something how come I'm not getting the whole bunch of calls about that. Here's a guy who's the governor Minnesota who some people think ought to be the president. And he says it publicly and again he refuses to retract his comments today. Thank God. Organized religion is a sham in a crutch for weak minded people who need strength and numbers. And then they'll excuse to get people to stick to those other people's business. A great set of people. And then nobody's going to do the same about it here. Do they don't get it? Instead of being president why don't we have them be emperor and any way through away with the senate? I agree. How's that? Listen to the news for the video. The real reason I call. I was in a situation near the night. I laughed so hard and I said I got a call. I was in a situation with some Cuban. So a third generation really good friend of mine. And I said you can get with her parent walking around and these other Cubans will go and Let's just get through a talking conversation of their parents to say hey, hey, is your father actually going to teach you? What? It's decided on she Imagined, what am I to make mighty, okay? Um, right? On the top,Kans argued will government to see Monk summit on the clear and get a Republican president. It was actually mentally warrant to coworker later on. The mother turned to us and said I can't stand it when I speak Russian because they tried and not let me know what they're saying. Not exactly. They were talking because students are excited to do this for example and He's deswegen for the And I love it. Spikeacin, speak Martian behind my back. You know. Cuz I know they're always talking about me. It's 12 o'clock away, It's 5'15 a.m' How about that fat boy, by the way. This is 5'60 a.m. It's Friday. prejudition expert, It lives across, It's 90 o'clock away. Rasheil, it's 255 o.m. Spikeal er if you're  Don't take my own plan. It's a hard plan. Waking through. You do do. God, God, God. Or I won't die to you. I'll waking through the God, God, God. You also get to go stand. God, God, God, not without you expensive plugins. It's a kit for you. No now use your language life side, and if you order now you get thing blades, sorry teller. Well now I will get Darren, and I'll put her into the gravy, and if we are looking at the window... well now I'll get out in some days. and he went so far... and... It's a 12-better than a 560 WQM 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. What does that mean? Why don't we just petition our hands? There's nothing to petition when if it's on a ballot next year, which is what he says it is, you go to the ballot and you vote, like they did on the penny sales tax and that takes care of that. That's the way you tell them to take a hike. Exactly, but the point is I'm saying before even establishes the referendum. And how do you do that? With a petition for what? Petition could not have already pulled out a take a hike. They're not going to support his ball club, sir. You're talking crap. You're talking cocky. You're talking nonsense. You're talking pure what a duller rated crap. When it gets on a ballot, like I said, but don't confuse this guy. Why don't we go out there and say, hey, take a hike, John Henry. Okay, take a hike, John Henry. You heard? Look at that board, man. 560, 505, 50, Pound before the Ecommercial Break by the way. Every line was lit. Now there is one. Huh? For a two minute commercial break. Right. For a two minute. Well, how do they know that? This station's conditioning for like 10 and 12 and 13 minute commercial break. They're killing me. I'll tell you that right now. Killing me. They're destroying it. It's breaking my back this place. Pairing my kishgizau. Because they haven't got the foggyest idea of what this show is all about. How it operates. All they know is how many spots can we stick in there. How many spots can screw and stick in there? How much business can we rifle through there? So maybe we can continue with this masquerade in the charade. And continue paying John Henry and we have to hang out with this money. So we can have his ball games. And let me say it again. How many of you would like to have the money in the bank right now that this station lost on the Marlins these last two years? Lost. Our ass. Big time. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I want to launch some of you already talked about this. I was reading the Palm Beach Post up here. John Henry's lobbyist quit over conflict of interest because they also represent I think. Yeah. Henry and. How do you separate the two those two are also doing that they hit. They're both hypocritical. Henry had mentioned in his proposal that he wanted to tax rental cars to help pay for the state of Walaenshid that her. I think so now there's a big problem. These guys are willing to tax anybody in the world as long as it doesn't affect them. Right. And as long as the money goes in their pocket. Right. Talk about hypocritical. We don't we haven't got the wherewithal to take any tax money here in South Florida. There are too many other desperate need, especially in date County, but also in Broward. We can't afford to give him any of our money sorry. It's ridiculous. I think we should tax boarding events and financial managers profits to help pay for schools. Right. I was thinking that yes. I think we don't put a tax on every guy's hand ticket that's sold for a sporting events. A school tax. Obviously, the lottery money ain't doing it. So let's just stick money tax on there. Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you. I love your musical priorities, guys. Okay. All right, buddy. Have a great day. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Jesse DeBody says organized religion is a sham and a crutch for week-minded people. Nice college. Jesse, there you go. We're not getting much response on that. But you know something I say right after dawn, baby. The number of people that got bought and then of course Warren, baby wants to run for president. How do you like that? Warren, freaking baby. See, even whether you liked Reagan or not, which I certainly did not. But the fact is, at least he was Governor of California before he did before they had the Hutsputter run in for president. Here's Warren, baby. A washed up, wrinkled up piece of turd acted with a big, uh, long. Anything she's going to run for God damn president, based on what? Based on what? And then of course don't forget the Donald. Oh yeah, the Donald. He's also going to, here's a guy that's such a brilliant business, many got screwed up by more of Griffin that brilliant, uh, you have to ignore it. And he's going to run for president. Speaking with a entrepreneur. Yeah. Good news. If there is any today. Yes. Ted Harrison. Ted. Ted. Ted Harrison is dead. Let's have a party. Oh, my. Where'd you get that from? Just had a confirmation it was on six. It was on six ten. So what's going to happen with a nine billion dollars? Don't we get it? Betty ran off the Israel with. Here's the Eris and family, including let's flip in the Mickey with a American Airlines Miami, he'd arena with their cruise ship business, siphoning all these people from the airport. All right. I'm the guy to the goddamn port of Miami. I'm the cruise ships taking all of these tourists out of here. All of the support and encouragement of the Miami-heroes that they're in bed with. And every one of their ships, ports registry to Zandivar, ports registry to a newfoundland, ports registry to some any place, butter America, to make sure that none of the tax money comes back to this country. And they have siphon, not millions with an M, but billions with a B out of this town. And daddy took his nine billion dollars and ran off the Israel. Didn't pay any taxes on it. But you know something? Now he's dead. Oh! What do I owe any good now? Oh, man, that gave me reason to continue here. Reason to move on. The people who are doing the worst to screw and destroy and screw over this town and to siphon the lifeblood out of it, those are the ones that the power brokers love because they're all in bed together. The Harold and Mayor Pinga, all of these people. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Thank God for just you venture. Yes sir. Pardon the expression. I'm a student table to find me a Florida Marlins, whoever the hell they are. And the money I'm going to. I don't have a problem with the stadium. Leave it there. Hmm. Yeah, what's the problem? Spend the money where we need it. Let me say it again. The expo is broke even. They do 9,000 people again. So what's this guy crying about? Absolutely. That's what they say. And by the way, keep in mind, the expo is going to finish about three games ahead of the Marlins. Have a great day, Pat. Okay. How do you like that? I mean, they got a crad team that they recognize it and they're going to try to upscale and they're going to get an infusion of money, not a private money, not public for next year. But how do you like that? Somehow they managed to scrape by it. They were honest enough to be forthcoming to say, well, guess what? We're optimistic because it's by the horrible year we had. We didn't lose any money. What are breath of first year? That is probably what we didn't lose no money. Up there and Montral, those freaking frogs. Where is this guy? Yeah. I can't make it. Yeah. Well, I've had this guy to be an SNM town. Who people here have got to be massacized. I mean, it must just love being whipped and beaten and squeezed and bootlazed. And they must be really into it. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Well, the ultimate truth is that no matter how much you screw the people, no matter how much you steal, you can't take it with you. Right. Tenaires in his dad. Right. Right. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. Right. And one more thing about these, the bio-candicumins, they keep on blocking the ropes. And once they want things, they're going to become whipped ornaments. Love you, Neil. Okay. Yeah, well, maybe they'll be in the hood, ornament. Five, six, seven. The boys in the hood, ornament. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T line. The Hank Goldberg Show with two. Five are clocked this afternoon. It's Jimmy. We could be something special, Johnson. What are what he's going to have to say about the meat you send or would, by the way? Probably an ounce to us that he's going to sit out the season. Something really dynamic like that. And keep in mind, of course, we're concerned about the meat you're in for his sanity. And for his welfare. Are we concerned about him? No, oh. Here's a mobile and pop at a, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Anyhow you know what? Okay. I've heard of all his stuff. About two, this says, are you going to decide with them the real estate thing when you don't cut it up? Or article in the Sun Sentinel where? It was concerned that you and the contract with QAM, because they could be up in three years. Where was that? And the stuff that, nonetheless, was. I think it was Wednesday. There was an article about my contract. I mean the article in Josie Lambeets, Colour about the OJ thing. Yeah, but then they had you and consider your contract. Yeah. And I want to ask you going to renew with them? No, I'm not. Well, I'll be able to find you. I love you, show. And we're having it off the pay guy. I'll give you my address at Amsterdam. All right. Okay, sir. Come over in the smoke of the number. 567. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. 670560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. This guy's worried about three years from now. I'm worried about three minutes from now. The way things are going around here lately. There's only one person to blame. And that's the guy with a dark suit that was in here earlier. You know, acting really outraged today. He should have been equally outraged or more outraged a week ago. But the problem is he's got a bunch of little people that he's spoiled. There's nobody else to blame for their behavior, but him. Because he's given, he's allowed them to do this. He's given them the latitude given and the rope. And he's the one that's allowed them to do this to run their little empires here. While he's busy doing God only knows what. busy having meetings with Wayne Hypinga and John Henry and all these other Graham. You know, sooner or later you got to take the bull by the horns and a certain little bit of God damn a management and say, hey, the crap is going to stop now. And when you have incestuous relationships with too many of these people, which I've told you many times before that's the God damn on his truth right there. When you have incestuous relationships, it's kind of hard to cut the cord. But for the sake of the rest of us have a little more monos on those of us who come here and contribute something every day who bring ratings to this radio station who bring revenue to this radio station. The people on the air here who get those suck kind hit basically except for the God damn money we get and the only reason we get that money is because it's written on a piece of paper. It's in our contract somewhere. Every other promise you get out of these people you could wipe your act on with. That's what you can do with it. How's can curry doing my back street voice tickets by the way? I mean, that's criminal and that's such a miniscule thing. I mean, I could survive without go to that thing as much as right next door to my house or I like to go see it. But they're not reassuring those tickets so naturally if he's actually God, if he had them, then he should be in here right now for December 5. You know, just a little something, just a little bone, a little anything, just to show a little bit of good intentions. Just to kind of turn things around a little bit like see we actually intend to live up to our promises. Our word isn't totally crap. You think I'm going to see those anytime soon? 560, 505, 60, 2560 on the AT&T and those seriously, they're oblivious man. Everything in here it's like with a t-shirt and a cat and a station of paraphernality that they expect the people here to pay for. These are things that George and I never heard of before. 580 in this business for 7,000 years before Mark Coney was around. When they had crystal sets, that's how long I've been in this goddamn business. And to think that you try to make the hired hands here pay for station caps and t-shirts. This is unconscionable. That's how cheap these bastards are. And they got the hoods put a Sydney in a Roman tell me how many millions and millions and millions of dollars they're pouring through power 96 in this station every month. Well great, that's wonderful. I know I'm responsible for a big chunk of it. And I can live without the goddamn cap in the t-shirt. I'm not looking for it. But how about all these other upper bastions around here? That don't get squat. Because we got X-Jox running around here will contribute nothing to this place where suck and big fat paychecks to every two weeks out of this joint. Not to mention no names, of course. Roy. Here's a lady mobile and pop in, oh hello. I don't know. Yes man. Long time listener never call her. Okay. And I just decided to call you today because I was so upset over the lengthy being traded. Yes. I just seems like they take the most popular players and trade them away and send us Chris Wells or some more. Yeah, I don't understand how Chris Wells is still on this team. You know what I think it is? I think it's stubbornness. They took so much heat that Chris Wells deal and traded away Barnes and the woolly. I think that they're just determined that they're going to jam him down our throats. You know, and he just doesn't have it. He ain't got it. I know that's annoying. And he's really something I'm not going to put Barry out of our commission. Can you imagine if he would have injured him the other day? Oh. Please, I can't even think about Chris Wells. He can't even state backwards. Right. It's terrible. But I wanted to go. He can't skate. He can't score, but other than that, he's a hell of a guy. Yeah, big guy. Right. He looks good and that's the only thing that's been. But I think you're talking about running for president who we got a vote for between the election. He has looked at first. Go for it. Of course not going to get it. Bradley's going to get it. Let me say it again. Bill Bradley's going to get to Democratic nomination. Not Al Gore. I hope you're right. Okay. Trust me. All right. Have a good day. Bye bye. Good luck to us. Oh, I got a headache. I hid about to just bounce right off my neck. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And by the way, George Corso, I want to tell you something. You. I have never heard so many stories about the same thing with this phone. I'm counting 120 two different stories now that I've heard about the reason why the phone needs to be changed. It doesn't need to be changed. Why we're going to do this? Why we can't do that? Just do it. Just do something. Okay. Do something for us. Please. Soon. That's all. It's only two years now. Today is October one. Today is our two year anniversary. At least legally. Here at QAM. Do something. Make it look good. 27 past noon at 5, 16. By the way, milk shake. That's what we need. Prozad. Now this is for Roy and Sam. Such to be you. Anyway. Right there. You. Where's the other one? Anyway. Right there. You. Where's the other one? Anyway. Friday. You. Pretty. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 4. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 7. 5. 7. 5. 10. 5. 7. You're a angel, we're a angel We're a angel, we're a angel We're a angel, we're a angel We sing like a bunch of people I know I wish they'd be our angel, so we gotta stay We'll be in our day I'll be just friends and we'll hear old girls Who think we're as cute as we be, yeah But I think it's all that they all think about We're hiding our late handsy One thing is for sure we can Make sure you make sure you know Why don't we go up the stairs you've got to go You want to do a thing with your high goal But today we think that we have better stay We need to be in our day I swear we'll die One thirty five sixty WCWM five sixty seven five sixty that's our toll free number for day and Broward when we get that eight hundred number by the way Monorow County Palm Beach County Lee County all over the goddamn universal be able to call us are we going to live long enough to see it Oh sure hope so Palm five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile in Miami hello Good afternoon, Neil Yes sir I I looked at the day and there wasn't that many games on opening night tonight on a direct TV The right right there only play in two games there only two games I don't know what kind of a schedule this is I mean carry a bit Men again the needs help you know we realize that this Sunday the third day of the season there are no games on Sunday That's kind of crazy exactly I don't get it I don't understand what they're thinking about I thought Fox had all those games on Sunday No but it all five doesn't get about to laughter football you know that Oh that's true. All right have a good day. Okay. Yeah, we only got two games tonight Depenguins in the stars and you got zero ranges at Edmonton, which is on just about everywhere So it was to be watching on the CBC huh big time buck two or three of us five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Boca hello Hey Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm wondering what you know I've been with this Panther thing and that's been a season ticket holder for over four years Yes, and this year for the first year we just said you know what it's just such a hassle and such an Aggression forget it but we're gonna go ahead and we're gonna buy individual games ticket They come up right I've been trying for two weeks to buy tickets You try to go out and you get on this ticket master junk and they turn around and tell you We only got one section available section so until one fourteen up in the back row 25 And then I said okay, well, I'm not doing that. I want better feet talk about to the center and get them from the box office So they're using the ticket master out was saying anyway, but what they tell you is is Well, we're not releasing any of the good seats until we make sure the season tickets are all bought out And now they can't even sell out for for opening Wait wait wait wait what you're saying doesn't make any sense what do you mean until the season ticket to roll bought out Didn't see I'm not gonna be all bought out. No, I know what they're saying is they won't release any lower bowl tickets They won't release any of the leftover emerald club tickets any of the Lexus level tickets until they're sure That they don't have somebody coming in there and buying those special game packs Recapite 20 games for X amount of dollars or what it is. Only releasing certain sections Yeah, until it gets down to either game day or the day before the game So they're they're penalizing themselves and the people out there because they're not releasing all the tickets Saying well, there's a hope that we might sell some more season tickets or somebody special package tickets They're only going to give you an offer the worst sections available until it gets closer to game time So I mean there's shoot themselves in the foot. They want to build it. I'm going to make it available to everybody Did they offer your free binoculars to? Yeah, that's just the problem. You know, then they then when they check you binoculars to make sure they're not hollow and you're carrying liquor into the place Right Anyway, that's just a comment Neil. They ought to open up to take a little earlier and you know, we'll come out. We'll spend our 12550 bucks a game Hey, listen, they ought to kiss your ass Yeah, well, thanks Neil Okay, I'll see you there pal. Thanks All right, fine Let's see can we find out if OJ charges a talent field says I have a six feet again my stomach to those conspirators at the station or holding back information Oh, yeah, there's there's a lot of other stuff here that we haven't uncovered yet, but we will We will we got the Shilawak homes coming in. We got Columbo. We're going to load them. Sammy Davis's spirit 560 560 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless line the enthusiasm the excitement for the panther opener against the capture Right is so thick you could cut it with your goddamn left toe By the way, did you know Merlin and Roll had six toes? I want to find a one foot? No, I did not Well, sure. Yeah, you got to read the globe man, which by the way says Panty and John Boney and John Ramsey will be charged very, very shortly For you're already. Yeah, let's get with it. We can make some real mileage out of that. Where the hell is the picture here of Merlin and Roll And she had a chopped off and arrested toe to here it is memories of Merlin and there's the look at that Those six tiny little toes before turning into a movie sex iron. She had a six toe Remove from her left foot and there is a picture and here's a close up six toes on her left foot How do you like that huh? So in other words, if the Kennedy's one of the suck on Merlin's toes, there was enough to go around for everybody And even let the Zoltens Joe have one too Five six seven oh I wonder who's got the extra toe Here's coral jables. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I don't know. I just tune in right now. Now I can barely hear you I'm gonna pay for right Okay, do you have the hell with you? It's in the waste basket On the weekend section, case 22 Yeah, OJ and the same we already we started with that this morning. I'm sorry about that. That's okay, burn it. Thanks. Please burn it Anyways, got a copy of the today's hero burn at weekend section page 21 G how come everybody says pay there close We had somebody said page 20 and he says 22. It's right in the middle. It's paid 21 G In the weekend section of the hero and there's Sam Du Kay and there's where Foster and there's OJ in the middle and his new bitch and I mean Yeah, we're pretty embarrassed about it. We're mortified and we're disgusted and we're nauseated They just keep rubbing it in and rubbing assault in the wounds and running around and using him as a weapon against all the rest of us again The decent people at work here at WQAM who don't want to be associated with some murdering son of a bitch I mean, you know you've got to draw the line in the sand I think this is the place of what you do it. This is where it stops the OJ crap the OJ disease stops right here man 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line here sunrise hello I know I know when I was in high school and I know you talk about middle school now I'll make you school, but I know we're talking about all school Well, the food wasn't that bad, but even if you didn't like it to add a side boy, what he sold mozzarella sticks and yeah, okay, great 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line Not to relatives here's a mobile and Palm Beach hello Mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I would talk about the edicts in the school About one About um Yeah Still write on spill on me say something yes, you know why the outer student was so stupid because they're terrible We're about school. Yeah, thank you. Okay. Thank you Your mind is doing a rosa stupid to have a happy smart like him. I sure I can be smart someday like him. You know You know, huh. Thank you 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Thank you, sir. By the way, did we vote your visa master card and American Express school card Here's Pompano hello Is this pop-a-dong sounds like it? Pompano. Yes, sir. Yeah, yes, I am We could use some of the money from the golf tournament that you made To do help build the stadium. Oh, yeah, there you go. That work. Yeah, 23 grand that'll go a long way That'll build the one two seats He's riding around in a limousine and you're sitting there suffering Yeah, I don't get it. I'm not suffering. I'm doing okay. I'm driving them in a nice Corvette. I'm not suffering Okay, here's a tamarack hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I want to comment on the education in colleges I don't know if you knew this but and Florida colleges you have to pass a class exam Which is kind of like a literacy test yeah, and order to go on to your junior year Right, so in the reason they were doing that is because it You know, there are two me a liter of people coming out of college that doesn't say a whole lot for our higher education here in Florida Right Well, maybe we don't have social promotion all the way through, you know Just just even playing field out Okay, pal. Thank you whatever you said There you can't complain about the education the state of Florida because basically there isn't any I mean there's a few we got some bright students out there. I'm not not gonna be buddy We got some real bright kids who like make a gigantic a Titanic effort on their own But generally speaking it's a sham in a forest and that's because it's a Yahoo state and because you got crooked politicians You got corrupt people and you got damn school board you got in that people principal school teachers who are illiterate And you got a bunch of parents who are busy paying bingo What they're doing have no idea what they're doing and these are they obviously 567.05 50 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's Fort Lauderdale hello Hello, my I am sounds just like you Right, you know I afraid about the school system. No, I'm I'm an only child, you know I'm I'm employing that live with my mom I'm 35 years old and she's a millionaire and I'm the executive of her will So I can give a crap about all this excellent, but let's get down to the good stuff. I was in your hospital Florida. I called you that three years ago. I do a lot of business over in Tampa and I kind of brush with greatness again The same person you can you'll never believe it Peter North in the Tampa airport a second time in three years face to face rapid whipping for about 10 minutes He was doing a gig over there for Mondes Venus. He's got to be getting pretty old now He's a terrible yeah, he's old. He's out of bad. I think he's 86. I mean he can still shoot it pretty good, but he's 86 His eyes were banging out he had a double chin It looked like his he hadn't been lifting weights. I was wrapping with him about his book because when I saw him in Tampa He signed my book uh penetrating insights and I told him I go I still got the book he signed. Yeah, it's your big Tiger yeah, you put on there uh best wishes. Darm have loads of fun Peter North Sportwork yeah, and I asked him about the adult film industry and he says it's only getting bigger That was just coming yeah, I go really he goes it's only getting it. I don't think he's gonna get any bigger I think he's big enough. But I asked him I'm still making films and he said well he said you know in and out of the I'm in and out of the industry. He did an out a lot from the last year. He's got a lot crazier and he's just he's into the Websites now. Right. Yeah, that's where the big money is now. You know I can't believe the house. Yeah, but in closing Neil I mean Uh anything with how about the mad dog sings for you too I mean he's the only guy that brings a smile to my or how about this hey Neil this is Randy West and as for our phone Conversation I taught the Peter North the other day. He tells me your real name is Neil down It's still an interested okay. Have a great day. Oh, say how to Peter. Okay. There you go. Oh, it's a man Programming hold God name show. Okay. I think he's too obsessed with Peter 560 5050 5060 I was like Peter though. Here's a letter by the way from Oh boy Logo bar country club copy of a letter is facts to me and of course it's written to Lue and Winniac are sales manager Says dear Lue and thank you very much for all the kind words regarding our staff's performance during WQA I'm celebrity golf event on September 24th However you blindsided Logo Mar with OJ Simpson No on second thought you just plain lied to us We asked you specifically in a pre-event planning if Mr Simpson had been invited or was expected Your response was that it had been considered but you decided against inviting him because of potential Controversy and I even we took it you what you word Mr Simpson's name did not appear on the contestants lists and you'd not indicate in any way that he was expected When he did arrive and I expect you knew he was coming you made matters worse by having a Assistant call every media organization in the area including the National and Quire Lue and Logo Mar was a surprise and very reluctant host to Mr Simpson Your strategy to get him on property was underhanded but effective Your comment to me that all publicity is good publicity may hold true for a radio station But not does not for a country club The only protection we have from a radio currents when dealing with deceitful people is to not deal with him Therefore WQA will not be welcome back at Logo more additionally Logo Mar will in the future Director advertising dollars away from WQAM yours truly Chuck our general manager carbon-copy Neorodges I'm going Chuck That's the way it happens when you do business with liars Chuck believe me I know all about the lives we got liars. Remember that show the liars club We could start our own right here inside this building Why and lie and lie and lie and play games and do all kinds of crap Beyond touchables the inside little country club we got going here at QAM those people are getting in the way of those of us who are bringing in all the cash Those of us who are getting all the ratings those of us who have built this radio station into what it is today Those people who think that they can continue playing their little goddamn games you know the ones I'm talking about the fearsome for some you know I'm talking about Why don't blame your Chuck You can imagine how we feel and believe me that kind of publicity is not good for radio or country clubs or anybody else because these and people don't want to be associated with him anywhere including us That's frame that Indiana That's nice Chennaizeit I'm still hurt. Thank you. One day, the story's gonna set free your day. We're always always gonna head your way, baby. Oh yes, no one's just gonna get down. It's true. Oh, day you're gonna come after you. And then you'll get away with that water. Oh yeah, this old day's gonna get up. From the dawn of get you, old days gonna get you. Oh, brand, old days gonna get you. One night, one night, one night. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Good kids, okay. Oh, you can't be cool, okay, okay. Okay, okay, okay. You can't be cool, you can't be cool. I can't be cool. I'm still hurt. Oh, I can't be cool. I can't be cool. Okay, so 133 at 5. 60 QM. So there's anybody who thinks that all you know, Neil and maybe Hank, do we were like going overboard on the OJ thing? Believe you, me, you haven't seen the tip of the iceberg yet. And turn me down. Okay, so 133 at 5. 60 QM. So there's anybody who thinks that all, you know, Neil and maybe Hank, you know, see if it's me, there's two people, maybe three, but certainly two, they be out of here already. They be out the door. So you can't be on the floor, but you can't be on the floor. Oh, look, I'm still here. And I'm still here. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, okay, so you're gonna be on the floor, and I'm still not here yet. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay. They be out of here already. They be out the door. No questions asked. So we'll see you all come on day if this is a real radio station amount if they're serious about doing business here or not because the embarrassment level It's good at the plot where it's just almost unindurable Here's a lady mobile in for a lot of day. Hello. Yeah, how are you doing? Okay? I thought I share a short story with you my son 17 years old we live in light half point right and he's walking home from his part-time job yesterday, you know, I guess the school gets home on the bus and then he gets his part-time job and he's walking home Right and come tell me tells me hey mom, I guess what happened? You know Two light house point police, poodle mow well, you know, it's walking Yeah, and they Next up and because it was too loud was at the school with that out because he was walking slowly and because his book back a little heavy No, yeah Probably had at least a pot of weed in there. I would think yeah Maybe a couple of hand grenades to work in here. Yeah Unbelievable. So don't walk slow Yeah, unless you're over the age of 100. Yeah, if you're over the age of 100 you can walk slow and drive slow and you'll ever get stopped Yeah, yeah, thanks. Yeah, I'm seeing your book back. Thanks for the good news sweetheart. Yeah. See you cemetery village. All right. Okay Yeah, like I told it's not a place for young people you young people out there you better go into hiding. Okay. They don't want no part of you Yeah Come on with a facts Special thanks to Jimmy JJ Walker of KKAR Omaha, Nebraska Who had president Evan sure dot com spokesport when spokesperson Bernie Cigl on a show November 18 the same to Wiod in Miami Wiod in Miami What they'll talk show they got on here none All of interest supporters should spread to be aware this is this is on the Ventura for president website. This is from Eric I Don't get it, but never mind those eronstations. They must have their long stations WI The set them straight Eric. Yeah, get them a straightener Eric and don't bug me with this fast right now Here's the update on this story which you've been hearing about Aquinas principal on leave after KAR incident The principal of a four-laterdale prep school is taken leave of absence while school officials investigate an accident In which he crashed his car into a bush while giving a former student the ride They're not acting in the church William hell or principal at St Thomas Aquinas high school Of course a Catholic high school told police he crashed his silver toy to camera because he was afraid the former student would rob him But the student a 16 year old for lottery a resident said the car ran into the bush after he tried to turn off Turn it off because the principal had been touching him and would not let him out police said A police report was made but neither hell and all the student would press charges efforts to reteller were unsuccessful Unsuch successful We're looking into the incident to determine the circumstances said moncinear Vincent T. Kelly supervising principal at St Thomas There are conflicting accounts of it Heller went on paid leave when the school official said A four-laterdale police officer was sitting in his patrol car on a surveillance operation in the 1600 block of northeast Nightsway the 10 30 PM September 15 when he saw the crash The officer reported seeing the boy jump out and hit and kicked the driver He then saw the youth run from the car shouting get the F away from me The youth who attended St Thomas during his freshman year There's no fact in the church that heller offered him a ride on some wise little of our them refused to let him out to report said Heller who suffered minor cuts on his face told the officer he offered the youth arrived to be nice You wanted to be nice So what I always called it sure Wouldn't it be nice five six seven over five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and two I 22 till two a two a m is five sixty two a m Hey moment cover those this thing is a crash what it's crashing it's yeah crashing and burning the goddamn audio vault I'll throw a load up in part of the I'm just gonna go take a leak is a matter of fact Oh, I would have come back like three seconds sooner But I was like halfway out of my chair to go take a leak maybe I'll take a leak in a waste basket here One moment please hey, yeah somebody out there run our commercials We're on the 1134 break by the way it starts with pollo top account 1134 30 Central top log is cut off We're talking about the time yeah, whatever the log off. I can't run spot out of here So what does that mean so we just keep going? Yeah, I just tried to reboot it. That's uh got the audio vault just died. It just cracked in the middle of the show Well, we can't we don't want to be on here without running spots on this station It's the only reason we're here is to run spots to make a little unhappy make her look good What do we do now? 138 Yeah, a little right amount of the other room okay because I gotta go take a leak I mean otherwise I would see here makes no difference to me their pin me to sit here in the chair But I have to pee real bad, you know what I'm saying? So I can tell me when you're ready to play that fuck right there Mike let it in for me. Oh, okay. There's nobody listen to them anyway. All right Especially after I read that letter which I'll read it again by the way before the end of the hour Especially now that we got all the sexier time so what are we gonna do now because I gotta go pee We're just gonna queue up the break and fire off. Yeah, right who is Somebody used stand by okay audience don't tune us up because it might be pretty entertaining here in that last the 20 minutes We got to hang coming up in two and of course to least he's in the other room his stuff works and I think what if there's stuff crashed We might lose money. Oh, we don't want to do that We don't want to have to throw thank god not a mine spots are left here. That's good. See that's excellent nice going there Neil Just let us know when you're ready in their job. I just let us know fire off something when you got to go pee please Play something like the bird just play something do something in there What I mean to keep open in the door, but I don't say a fire it Yankees crank it This is sports radio 560 In theaters now from the producer of the six cents it's the seven cents I smell off people Me too. Thanks, Melite Bengey. No, like more balls. Thanks, Melite Albacore Like cooler pollen the seven cents no like an Albacore stuff with mom fall Okay, so 144 or five 60 WQM 560 505 60 pump 560 on the 18t length So we'll play the last break in there's that what we're gonna do because our audio of all has just crashed Hey listen that's away it goes you know, so we miss a few spots We'll build them for it anyway Here's Miami hello Miami Let's try candle hello Hey, Neal how are you doing okay sir one big question why is Bill Lindsay gone? Why is he gone? Yeah, who's they trading for again Simpson Todd Simpson. Yeah, he's gone because he was not productive the last two years That's why he's gone. Okay, oh my brother moved the aisle and he's wondering what the best package Half of the satellite this the NHL package or the like MSG stuff center rice Nice, nice to manage oh center rice, maybe it's on there. Okay, here's a pay phone and Carroll city hello On the Neal yes, sir. Hey, I just heard you read that letter. I call that because Monday I'm all right, I think Tuesday when we were talking about the professional suicide that Station's gonna cause catering to the Simpson bringing him in for their crap There's officially number one do a no more business with WIOD I'm sorry five 60 yeah, I'll get the right. Yeah, anyway five 60 yeah, and then it's gonna happen to the rest of their sales people not only the station You're not gonna see again you're lumping in all the people in our sales department Oh no the ones that brought doubles with them. Yeah, that doesn't know all of them Well, there were two sales holes that I know of what was the win when it could be other is is Raw and of course our promotions they same do okay. Who's just an asshole anyway Yeah, the one to felt before I see a city Why see a sitting is it is desk at this moment as I speak You know the one to felt the The one to feel our For a kept my promotions man. Yes, yeah, the one to be in an autograph the one to get that's your What's the circles the suckles who are willing to sacrifice the reputation of the radio stays in all the rest of us for their own ego and for their childishness Yes, yeah, aside from the fact that this is obviously misplosh appropriation up That's not gonna do too well for the station either. Yeah. We're still waiting to find out where the other 20. All right, I'm gonna okay. Thanks To listen to the word that I said five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's Pembroke pine. Hello. Hey, I don't know okay, sir. First off looking forward to seeing you tomorrow Try to get to the TV today, but I'd like George is saying I guess that you guys have only had a short run of him is that correct? Or something to see the one the specs CDs. Yeah, we add them. You know it's unfortunate But I can't tell you which stores are gonna be in but they'll be in all of them. We're on the song. That's right. Oh, yeah, okay What we say in terms of our underland week like there's some like a keychain or something like that You're talking we have CDs because that's the T-shirts and then this year We got a keychain. It's got like the little button signer with the little Sounds like you know what's up in the drops rotate. It's got how many one button and the drops rotate with eight drops Okay, rotate it would eight yes, all right, they sit on rotate around like a circle like a circle Right, yeah, I got like a 90 circle. Yeah Only this one no cost 25 million exactly. You know what I kind of like your idea when you're talking about that the circle You should cut the circle out center got to see and put all those people out there that like hang out with OJ right and just put them out there Put them out and this came back from near the tube actually that would be actually a premiere finger in the middle He can be the pivot man. You can play saw you biscuit all right and just want to say you know I think I think it's great that you manage and go over don't put up with no crap from away over there Okay, all right, we're trying so we're trying but I'll tell you that's especially in this place They got an unlimited supply baby. They got a bucket full of crap that you like you never saw in your life It's a refillable bucket of and it just never ends 567. 560 pound 560 on the 18T wireless line I will read the letter again right toward the end of the arc because it bears a reading again and again and again To show you that wasn't just a bunch of a sour pie here with the station, you know Looking for something to get bent out of shape about It was just absolutely grotesque and unacceptable and gruesome and then of course topped off by this picture in the herald this morning We're gonna show you a finger to okay mister. This is a celebrity. This is somebody famous Yeah, you latch on to him. In fact, one of them. They all go off and run off into the sunset with him. That sounds good to me All the OJ fans we got around here just run off and go to business with him You'll see how much business you're gonna do Here's a mobile and token of creek hello Yeah, hey Neil Yeah, I'm here. Yeah, we're just listening to your earlier back and playing them at the school and It's funny my my kid just picked up with the boss lady She's so rude she doesn't even say hello. I mean far scump You know, wouldn't picked up by the boss was nice. Did you look at all like anti-o-mama by any chance? A little bit Yeah, a little bit sour. You know coconut creek, but I mean she doesn't even say hello Don't take a morning and just get on the bottom that's that get on the effin bus That's it and What are you looking and she says I'll tell you where to sit and my kids taking off on the bus and she's crying What a way to go to school Unbelievable okay That's all I got Neil thanks for the good news. All right, buddy. What do you say is kid is watch your gun off in the bus? 5605 and nobody said 560560 pound 560 on the 18T wireless line here's Miami. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I got Neil I drank grape juice because OJ kills. Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. How you doing now great? I just want to say I don't understand the country what's up I thought that was great. I had a question. I mean the talent on that station I obviously is with rise and not the right the more on the next Right, yes, same dook our productions farce ain't bring in one dime into this radio station He doesn't have any show. He doesn't have any ratings nobody's buying advertising on this station because he's got a job for life here and And the same of course is through it What I mean You guys all tied up with multi your car track to me. Could you all just bake good tell the ownership a nice No, and we're taking our color. I'm going to ask you something because that make any sense to you that everybody All the talent is going to bail out when you got a couple of long cabs in here screw And that's not usually the way that it works in a real business So we're gonna like wait two days and see if this is a real business or not if they mean business or just the monkey business Yeah, I mean you're right. I guess the position the ownership would take with really let you got to know what Yeah, what do their serious or not? I mean we keep hearing a good game and I had Greg Reed was in here earlier this morning about 10 30 And busted a gut and getting all psychotic about this stuff But let we'll see now if he's really serious or if he's just gonna give these people a free ride like they've had for way too long Because maybe it's you know like you managed and I haven't removed down a down maybe they can get those guys below So I know down here and how they're all shows there. You go sounds good to read in the rating. Sounds excellent Okay, that was a great day, Pral. All right. That was a good decision too, by the way. Only play that once today