Oh. 4-3-5-60. W-2-A-M-I-M-E-4-Lot-N-L-Presents. The best of Neil Rogers. No live calls will be taken today. Neil is on tape. Okay, that's okay for many days, but he's not. He is. Please don't call. The opinions heard on the Neil Rogers show. Are those of the hosting callers and are not necessarily reflective use of these between acquisitions or the measly broadcast group? If management or anyone else for that matter, they'll remember this is the best of Neil who not call. But the name is O'Nell. Just reflects them enjoyed. On 5-6-6-U-A-M. So, my dad wants me all for a second. He makes me win. He's happy. When I went over to him, he was happy. I was killed by my daddy. He's a good friend. I want to know that my dad's not real. And I was a little dream. It's not a meeting of his family. I'm a footballer. He's happy. He's happy. He's happy. He's a rapper. And also, I had a huge goal. He's a piano. He's a piano. He's a piano. The next psychology goes. My dad wants me all around. He's happy too. It happens so much. He's a plumber who did it. He's a family who does it in continuity. I would now know to practice what he and I have to yaw. I want my dad to know key all. So let me just mention this thing here because I'm going to forget about it and I don't want to do that. Boytoss.of car on i95 child's mother charged with attempted murder, hold sound, and apparently drugged and paranoid mother once accused of starving her newborn daughter pulled her toddler son from his car seat and tossed him out the window on through. She raised along interstate i95. That's fucking bitch. She picked him up by his cover walls and threw him out since Lord highway patrol trooper Deborah Busby, the screaming 2.5 year old boy, herdled across the median as shock motorists pulled over to help him. Stephen had died lost consciousness only as per a medic's place to monogernie. Boyt was in serious but stable condition with broken bones on Thursday night. It's a married medical center was undergoing CAT scans. And very jackson's worried about if we're going to have the Jimmy Johnson press conference. See what I'm saying? Well, we're she. I got this TV in here. Thanks to Jeff Cohen and the satellite. This thanks to our friends at the digital world satellite. Not so I could watch ESPN and find out if there's any big sports score stories breaking. But so we can have CNN on here and find out if the president's going to get him peats. If he's at any good blow jobs this week, if we're going to have a goddamn war with the wreck, what's going on in the outside world? Very jackson. I suggest you open up the window and stick your fat ass out there and find out there's other things going on in the world. OK, you're simple. Then you jack ass you. You fit in like you're just like those people that that guy was talking about. Anyway, this little boy's mother Chris and Hadoa 30 of us Palm Beach was charged with attempted murder and aggravated child abuse and was being held on $50,000 bail at the Martin County jail. It was Hadoa's second child abuse. Arrested 1991 Hadoa pleaded guilty to child abuse charges after her infant daughter turned up malnourished and convulsing at a hospital emergency room. She received five years probation. Court document show and here's the best part. Hadoa was going through a divorce and had one temporary custody of her children court record show. How do you like that? She was going through a divorce and what temporary custody of her children. Hadoa and a parent manic depressive was no longer taken a medication had lost a lot of weight recently. She'd become obsessed with an ocean that a secret agency was trying to steal her son according to neighbors and friends. Probably the Illuminati or the trial-adorable commission. She told them she discovered the plot on the internet was fleeing with their child. Or the plot was on the internet just like all those great NHL trade you see on there. About 1045, a M traveling north on 95, it's beat up to 85 miles an hour. Hadoa threw the top or out of the driver's side window and then skidded into a ditch. The boy hit the ground screaming witnesses to a police and continued to cry as witnesses race to comfort him. Hadoa ran back to work child, ran about pornographic movies and poor international news coverage and local papers according to witnesses and police. Well, now in that last part, I think she's got a plot about poor international news coverage. There's nothing in there about the Disney connection. No. She, I heard somewhere on one of the radio news is obviously nothing. Well, not us. We would know. We would know she was thrown out of the house. She'd rather see the kid dead than be exposed to the pornography of Disney movies. Oh, yeah. She probably saw priest. Well, maybe she's smarter than we thought. She knows that they've no fact in the church. She probably saw priest and got that out of shape. This woman, she's getting custody of her kid. The first one, the loader, was convulsing and starving to death and this one, she throws out the window and people are worried because we're having too many abortions because we're not making enough babies and the Pope is running around telling people he got to make a lot more babies and no one with that birth control. That'd be bad. Oh, God Almighty. But I bet you the right to life or is that going to be spewing about this because this kid's already alive. See, they never care about anybody that's already alive. It's only that fetus that they're in love with. Here's Palm Beach, hello. And you know, good morning. I've even talked about porters the last few days. Yeah, it's all a story on standing a north-fired man arrested handcuff taken away for standing on a roadside with a fine speed trap ahead. He was announced. See this reminds me of the thing about the flashing your lights to warn the other motorists that there's a speed trap. How can they do that? I just thought I'm that. I guess what they say is that you're interfering with law enforcement when you do that is the technicality of justice. I'm struck, you know, just as oh my God, his bed is above. Without even getting any, I'm job out of it. Have a great day. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm reading the Miami Morning Rag here at a very jackass, got a car, an article there about you, how a disservice to these sports idiots that they're not having the sports updates every hour on your show. Yeah. Oh, leave. You know, some very jackass is a little immature asshole. If there was anything very earthshaking and important happening in sports, they were factored to us over here in the middle of the show and I would put it on the year. But the fact, and not only that, like Joe Sack, it gets injured. We find out we had it on the year here yesterday. Right. So, of course, there's anything earthshaking. I mean, anybody that's that much of a fanatic that has no life whatsoever, which is very jackson, by the way. I mean, this guy's pathetic. And of course, he's nothing but a shield and an asshole. No, what's the thing of it is? You do there is those fanatics who listen to this thing. Because I hear him yesterday, the sucking up the Hank, the sports drills. I mean, it's it's thickening. To the lights. So, don't listen to the, if you don't want to hear that. Hank is entertaining. But it's just too bad that we can get all these people. Well, when you've got a sports station, you're going to attract a lot of those people who this is their entire life. They're incapable of thinking or talking or doing about anything else in a world. And they want to, they want to soak that up every minute of the day. And those are the right. Those people are pathetic. I've said that since the day I came on this station. Very Jackson is one of them. Yeah. And then because you didn't care, they didn't care. Jimmy Johnson's, uh, touch conference last week, is that it interrupts you? Is it a flop? No, they're going to be interrupting this show for a week. No, no, I hope so. But for his Johnson or anybody else is you. I'm here about what the free agents are free agents. These people just think about how football season is over. If I hear one word, talk about football about the dog is drastic. I mean, God, these people get a friggin life already. Amen. Come down. Okay. But he's right. Jackson, this is not a sports show. I hate to paint you a picture. I'm sure you're listening right now. You little pud whacker. This isn't a sports show. It's the Neo Rodger show, which is probably the best God, the ending that ever happened to this radio station. If I do say so myself. And the notion that we're going to be interrupting it to put Jimmy Johnson on it to go mumbling with it like that. Get a life. Okay. Take an interest. Take up a hobby. Like, uh, Russian roulette would be good. Okay. Barry. Take up something really worthwhile. And get with it. But he feels compelled to write that because he's catering to exactly the people this guy's talking about. That's what his column is all about. Broadcast sports. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neo, who's going to be the 31st draft take for Seattle? Look, it's coming summer for the NFL. Take a roll kid with a great arm who plays for Isch Brimming High in Michigan. Absolutely correct. Yeah. Well, I'm sure lots about that, Tom. If you thought I would, he went crazy on draft day in April of year. Just wait to hear what goes on on this station when the NFL draft comes a boot. Oh, geez. Waiting on the, uh, man, I saw that cover of the Harold with that that crazy woman running down a highway dropping her kid 18 months old, not two and a half. So that's, that's a, I mean, I'm, and the mother, they want to give the kid to the box. My paper here, the kid is two and a half years old. Really, oh, their Harold has, uh, 18 months. Well, I guess no, I said nothing matter. I guess it makes a big difference whether he's 18 months or 30 months or whatever. I have the younger, the softest little is a little kid and she threw him out the goddamn window onto the I-95. That's just sad. And then, you know, the other woman that stabs the mom and from the other kids, I mean, it's nuts. You know, it's so, well, anyhow. And people like Barry Jackson are worried about who the dolphins are going to draft in the 30 second round. I mean, you talk, this last guy that called was right on target. He said everything that I've been saying and thinking for a long time. I have no respect. I have nothing but disdain for people. Hey, uh, you think you think so and so, but on Tennessee last night, you have to. I mean, what are we talking about bidding on God damn college, ball game? Get a life already for Christ's sake. Say, uh, one minor request for my brother Mackenzie, the Scottish bag, Piper. Have a great day, Pat. Say, it's going to be the same. It's going to be the same three or four things, George. That's a problem. Just play them over and over again. Well, let's just play it for a hundred times. We can do it with spots. We can do it with comedy bits. Here's Hialia. Hello. Yes, sir. You're talking about the lady who, um, you know, the lady who threw the kid in the street. Right. Well, I'm a pro-lifer. We're, we, we care about the children. You know, happen to them. Tags in the church. Okay. Oh, yeah, that's right. This is the fact that the church guy is right. He goes back in the church. Oh, okay. When are you going to get a life man? We care about the children. We care about all the children. The father of the old school that your boyfriend run away is that what happened? Is that why you're so psyched? I don't know. Cool. Would you problem with father of a tool? I don't have any of the norm. Okay. It's difficult. How was he? This is a fact in the church. Okay. Okay. None. How about the right to life? Well, but of any facts, in fact, there's an article in the advocate this week for a quoting some guy from Nevada, who says that everybody at the Vatican is a fact. You think that he's a liar? He's a liar. Okay. He's trying to hurt the church. He's probably just a fact propaganda. This is what I think. He's trying to hurt the church. Yeah. He's trying to hurt the church. I know that. He's trying to hurt the church. I know that. He's trying to hurt that way. Because they reproduce too fast. I can't slow it down. Okay. And to the kids, you hate the Pope. What do you mean? I hate the Pope. I love the Pope. He's an old-fashioned. I am. Yes, he is only on a better dresser. Although quite frankly, I've never seen his dress. Other than that, why Chmata, he wears all over the place. I understand in private he wears dresses up just like a gay and dropper. This is 5. 60. 2 AM. Your Rogers God. My relationship better than your religion. My relationship better than your... My relationship better than your... My relationship better than your... My relationship better than your... My relationship better than your religion. My relationship better than your... My relationship better than your... I believe in him, the gay, vindictory, and racial fate... I believe in better than your... I believe in his gender, the Jew... I believe in his... I believe in his... We like about his best. I'm grateful for him. You wear a dress. My relationship better than yours. Why you really did it? I don't know. What are you doing? Why you really did it? Why you really did it? Roars. We can only take a cab to make a living. Why do you really did it? And I created an animation. We did the animation. I created an animation. I created an animation. You're far from us, because we slaughter pigs and dogs. My religion's better, tell your ears. Why do you really did it? Roars. Why do you really did it? Why do you really did it? Roars. We will feed you. And we'll get a cab to take a cab to play with you. Why do you really did it? Roars. My religion's better than your religion. At my religion's better than yours. We now endorse a father. He likes older brushes. You are new. My religion's better than yours. But you will just tell her that you are a religion. My religion's better than yours. We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to marry lots of wives. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We may get my religion's better than yours. We no one who's okay for my religion's better than yours. We may get my religion's better than yours. Let's do Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today, sir? Very well. I just wanted to take the time and see if perhaps maybe you permit me to speak. I am a pastor of a local church. And I hear your program on a regular basis. Yes, sir. I can't say that I'm critical of your point of view. The only thing that I don't understand about you is your ADHD. My, my, what is it? I believe you're an atheist, correct? Yes. God forbid. Okay, meaning that you don't believe in God whatsoever. First not. Okay. What kind of watch do you wear around your wrist? What kind of watch do I wear around my lip wrist? Well, the first example, a Rolex watch. No, I don't wear a Rolex. Okay. Well, let's just say I take a Rolex and I put in in front of you. And I tell you that that Rolex happened by itself. That he just created itself. Wouldn't you say that I'm a ignorant person for thinking that that Rolex happened by itself? Sure. You know something I wouldn't give a crap. You're not. You don't worry about how this panic can't be. No, I absolutely do not because I know that we don't know the answers. We don't even know answers to things that happened a few years ago or a few months ago. We don't even know if Monica Lewinsky was even given blow jobs to the president. And you're trying to give me to believe a bunch of bullmenmysses that were written by primitive people thousands of years ago. See, if I did care about those questions, see, long time ago, I said to myself, we don't know and we're never going to know. And that's the end of it. I'm not going to waste my life listening to a bunch of fairy tales that are being spread by other people for a purpose for like taking over your mind and your money. What happens when we dive in? You go right into the ground. Just like just like fight, it'll go into the ground. Just like the cockroach goes into the ground. You go a dusted dust etc. and so on. That's it. I mean, are you really afraid of death? It's not a matter of being afraid of death because sure it is. No, listen, religion is about two things. Pure of death and money. That's the only thing that really don't want you to be afraid of. Right. Religion. You don't need religion. What you need is a relationship with God. No, but there is no God. So there's no such thing as God. There's religion. That's what you get away from that word. Wow, yeah, yeah, I'm not going to play semadical games with this. There is no God. And if you believe in a God that the Jews invented or the Goyam invented or the... Okay, so there's been thousands of God through the years. AirB Culture was invented, their own God. The Aztecs were the Sun God. Everybody had God. Did you know something? It's all just a bunch of double talk. That's all. But if it helps you to hang on to that, I don't want to deny you that, but I'm certainly not going to be dying in the opinion to the right to it. Oh, I am the opinion. What is the percentage? I respect your opinion. And I like I say, I hear your program. And I am critical of your point of use. But now there are certain explanations that are logical. So there's only two things either evolution. But let's... I want to ask you this question. Okay. This lady, the tour kid out of the car yesterday. All right. Are you listening to me? Yes, I am. Sonomo St. is making chemical biological weapons over in Iraq. Right? Are you listening to me? Okay. We have El Nino, which is causing flooding. And all these grotesque things happening. And people dying. Right? Right. Now, God is omnipotent. How come all of this is going on? There's awful Satan. Ah, Satan. Where did he come from? Who invented him? Who invented him? Who invented Satan? Who created him? Who invented Satan? Who created him? What did he do? I'm listening. God created him a perfect angel. Yeah. So here we go again. He created him as a perfect angel. Obviously. I thought that was J.T. Snow. And then they traded him with a giant. He was a perfect angel. Well, how do you explain? See, if something is perfect by definition, it's just like God. He's omnipotent. And he's perfect. But he keeps screwing up all the time. And we have leprosy and we have cancer. And we have bubonic plague. And we have AIDS. And we have all of these other diseases. We got this new disease that we're talking to. Every time you turn around there's another new disease that affects the brain and eats the brain away. Every time you turn around there's another new disease. And it's Satan. That's what he's asking for. That's for more on to say stuff like that. God is great. But Satan. See if Satan, if God is omnipotent, always got to do it. Get rid of Satan. That's all. Hey, you're gone. Like he snapped his fingers and he created the universe. He also snapped his fingers. Satan's gone. Let's have peace and tranquility. You live 300 years of peace. We don't have all of these problems. We don't have war as man is perfect. Doesn't have free choice. But then there won't be anyone to test us. Oh, yeah. We have to be tested. Like Abraham, go kill your kids. I was just kidding. Psych. Yeah, just testing you. Just checking out to see what kind of a good you. You really were Abraham. And by the way, I want to incircum sized. Who you can. Ishmael was. Yeah, ishmael. Ishmael is the ishmendric. Shmendric was circumcised. Okay. Ishmael. All of this. These bubble mice is my god. It's just it boggles my mind. But you know something. I'd always a lot of time thinking about it because I realize, especially the one good thing that's happening to me doing this kind of work and doing this short video is I realize how weak most people are. Most people are such sheep. Like these people we have sitting on hold and somebody says something while around hold and that they can hear and then we punch them up on here. And they repeated like a goddamn parrot like a minor bird. Because their minds are so weak they don't have an original thought and their brain if you could find it. But thank you for your closer. All these religious nuts they're afraid of saying three little words that make it very easy. And then we start asking all of these questions for which we don't have any answers. All you have to do is say, I don't know. There you go. And people can't say that and never have been able to say that. So since the beginning we recorded time everybody says, Oh, well, how do we get here? And then okay, we don't really know but we'll make up an answer instead of just saying I don't have any freaking idea. Let's make up an answer. Let's make up some theory tales. Sounds reasonable to me and you know something they could have done a better job. They could have made up some, I mean like the Virgin Mary on the side of a bank building in Pensacola, Or whatever, I mean come on. Other cultures did do a better job. The Virgin Mary on a Tortina pizza at the What's Your Name's House, Rosie, Rosie Ricardo, whatever name is. In Hollywood Lopez. Oh, Rosie Lopez. I forgot all about her. She's small but here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. I just wanted to say I really enjoyed your show today, but I had a comment to make. Okay. Is it true that homosexuals aren't supposed to believe in God? What does that mean? I'm just asking. Is that the reason why you don't believe in God? Well, if there's nothing to do with anybody's sexual orientation or anything like that, it has to do with not believing in fairy tales. See, here's the idea. I'm considering fairy tale. Here, that's why I said fairy tale. Here's another example of a call of just like the other, the Julio, the call before with this show. Oh, yeah sure, sure. Same thing. Same thing. I really enjoy your show, but now you want to take a little shot. Yeah, well, all your promoting is negativity on the other hand. Yeah, let me answer this. Why do you want to listen to the show then? Because it's not a positive thing. I don't want to listen to the show, but you know, this time. Because it's because it's what? But this time, you know, you really don't know. Let me ask you again. Why do you listen to somebody's negativity? Yeah, okay. Then go find something positive. Go find yourself a good vibrator. That's real. And make sure it's on positive. See, this, you're not pulling anybody's sweetheart. You're not pulling anybody for a second. If somebody says something that makes sense and challenges all this garbage that's in your brain that you can't get rid of. Then right away, you have to get rid of it because you're a faggot. It's because you're this. It's because you're bald and old and you're Jewish. Whatever it is. And she just can't handle it. She can't deal with it. Well, sweetheart, if you want to believe that there are the little green men on Mars and on the moon and on the cockamore, whatever you want, it's a free country go right ahead and just be a bozo the rest of your life. Because that's what nothing negative about reality. Well, it's pretty ugly, but nevertheless, if you can cope with it unless you're a weakling in which case you need religion. And obviously you do. Besides there are a lot of self-hating religious facts. Oh, there are a question about that. That's why the Catholics have that dignity thing. So that thing go there and pretend that the church loves them, etc. And so on, even though the church, of course, the Catholic church is just low. There's nothing but facts in the church. Just read anything you want about the Vatican. If you look back in the church. Like I said, make no mistake about it. You show me a guy in a dress and I'll show you a faggot. Or a guy who likes to dress up. Or both. Wonder if Johnny Bench liked to dress up. The guy's out! The guy's out! The guy's out! The guy's out! The guy's out! The guy's out! The guy's out! The guy's out! Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. I did a Rick here. How you doing Neil? Okay. Listen, I know everybody looks up to you all the other talks or toasts. But I don't get it. I don't get it. You know, don't take this wrong. But how can you, you know, mix sports with real topics? You ought to just stick to sports. Sir, let me say it again. This is the Neil Rodgers show. It's not a sports show. Yeah, but the bodily function jokes. Who you're peeling to? 9 year old boys? Yes. 9 year old girls. Yeah. What's the deal then? And that's not out of what you're listening, but you don't like to show us. That would you tell me again, sir? You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. Do you go to play some sports? So you can play pocket pool. Give that to our face. Another one. On another. On another definitive QAM asshole. But thank you very much for listening to this show. I sit and I listen to the assholes that call it on the sports shows on this radio station. And I I wonder to myself, what kind of morons are these people? Or what about the Bobby Schwenrkla the Viking? Who cares about Bobby Schwenrkla the Vikings for Christ? It's the 24th of February who gives a crowd. And even it was the middle of August who would give a crowd. So I'm not mixing anything with anything. Let me say it again. It's the Neo Roger show. And if you don't like it, you'll find someplace else to a sit your fat ass. Okay? But that is. We got all these instant program directors out there. Why not come over here, pal? You'll get hired because you don't know how to think about the business, obviously. Which is the main qualification for getting hired in programming here. Here's Boca. Hello. How are you doing? Great. When you go to the movies, you know, like a movies, what do you do? You leave, so for the last car, if you don't like to show. Yeah. They don't understand. They never do it. I've got 50 billion people out there. Our closet listeners who pretended they hate the show. They hit me. It's disgusting. It's juvenile. It's whatever it is. And they're listed. There's a guy that's almost an hour into the show. And he's still listed. You know, one thing about this professor who who commented about Miami, and you know, Miami is pretty much like you said an arm did. If you put an annery of public, it's a toilet, it's a joke. You know what? No one annoys people. You channel six of annery poured on a student. And I rack that speaks English. Are you going to start with this again, sir? Are you going to have to make a China with us by a language stuff again, sir? I've got people coming on this. Oh, I'll keep that out of here. Take a leak. God, can you believe this? People have started that crap with me. He's like the other guy. Because you know, you're not going to be on the ear more than like two seconds. Once you start that crap, you peroke your little twerp. He saw a guy in a rack, speaking English. Well, let me tell you something. You go over to Baghdad and either stay there or try functioning in English and Baghdad. Okay, I go to Rome eight million times a year, which is a hell of a lot more civilized than educated than Baghdad, well, ever be. And there are aside from people who came from this country or some very educated people who work in the service business. Nobody speak it in English over there. Nobody I expect them to. But what the hell difference does it make you function based on like living and whatever the conditions are around you? And these people who want to keep banging away and banging away and banging away. I'll tell you that living and breathing Hispanics in this town, all speaking, which made me so better than this guy does. And he wants to waste his time with these oral, farce sitting in Domino Park who refused to speak English. I have no woman my life for those people. Those are the very same people that are threatening everybody and this professor from FIU because you expressed an opinion that they don't like because they don't understand what freedom of speech is all about. They've been here for 40 years almost now and they still are understanding about this government and they never will until they croak. And they're very embarrassing to the rest of us. Well, there you go. But this guy wants call Sandy Peyton, okay sir. Maybe you can find her skinny ass somewhere on her radio though. Call her up and she'll talk about it for a nice 55 hours non stop. It's boring. He's he's he's worse than the guys that call the sports shows and believe me, they're terminal 90% of those cars. I wouldn't give you a nickel for their pathetic. I mean, you talk about narrow casting. They're talking about stuff that appeals to such a mind. I'm a minister of number of people who cares about that crap. About some 15-year-old kid that's playing high school volleyball in P.R. in Illinois somewhere who's got a really big left foot or whatever the hell he's got. God, here's Miami Springs. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, Neil. Good morning. I don't know he's agree with everything you say, but you know, many times. Well, because each one of us are different. That's right. Very good. Excellent. I don't expect a bunch of lemons out there. No, exactly. I expect a bunch of really thoughtful people. Yeah, well, yeah, I've got glad. You know, you've cut my chain of thought. It's fine. That's the thing. Yeah. Yeah. As far as the fish was concerned, we'll get to remember his book of burgers. Right. Same thing happened. Yeah. And they were all bites. Well, Dr. Racken's diet. Yeah, exactly. What's the thing that you believe in? And I think that you've got the power, baby. That's what they show us all about. It's got the power. Not just sitting here and clapping my guns for four hours, but actually being able to motivate people, having some credibility, that's what they show us all about. Anybody can sit down here and read ball scores for four hours. Yeah. And the gears a bit, because what spurred me to call is when I switched it on and I heard you talking about the professor. Actually, he's very, he's what we have to admire. You know, some of whom's concerned more about the substance, the style comes afterwards. But we have a group of people who are there more interested in appearances. And all they care about is appearances. And that's what's important. And it's not. What it's important is doing the right thing. And then that by itself, you're going to have the, you're going to have the, their appearances come back later. It's a personal purpose to have a bunch of crook here in, in Miami, day. So, the fact that these old Cubans down there, Miami are defending Xavier Suarez. And what goes on politically in the city of Miami is so incomprehensible. It shows you how intractable and hopeless they are. And that's why we should just forget about them and just sit them all in Domino Park. And let them just eat their, drink their cafe called bottle of teleagy, their intestines rot and just get them out of here already. Most of them are dying off. And then we thank you. God, and you generation. Right. And in regards to one, you know, because you have people talking about bilingualism, but really I hate to sound feel good, but when makes this country great and why this country to take a leadership role around the world is essentially, you name the group. And there's a significant group of those people here that live here. No, it doesn't matter whether it's from Pakistan or from Cuba or from Iran or from Iraq. They could be from anywhere and you will find that nationality melting in here. And that's what makes this country what it is, a lot of people. Well, I'm asked, yes, but also have a little bit of the moral responsibility to be able to intervene and say, well, you know, we understand. You know, in the long run, I think it's a lot better that way than to try to consider this country something homogeneous. No, I just got wants everybody to be just like him. No, no, in diversity, this strength. Okay. All right. Well, said, have a great day, pal. Even though it's not working here, but we're trying to work some other places. Like I was talking on the table about Toronto yesterday, heard that, or they have tremendous diversity. And people get along and nobody's not going to try to go about bilingualism. And then you go over to Montreal and Quebec. There's another example of what happens when they start with this bilingual crap. Two cities, not that far apart, same country. One of them works magnificently well. Great city. Other one, a zoo, a circus. People are fleeing from there because of the frogs. This story of that they, I got two taxes on this from Barto, which I thought was mildly amusing. But now that I read into it, this is a guy named Johnny Larmor. He said beside US 98, holding a speed trap ahead sign. Passing motor was talked. They're thanks, mild and wave. The deputies were not pleased. The deputies. Those working at what police call a traffic speed enforcement area gave them a parking ticket handcuffed and took them to a mental health crisis center and confiscated a sign. A cheap homemade sign. The deputies said it was evidence. Polk Sheriff's Colonel, Grady Judd agreed with Larmor and said, Larmor 48 is welcome to a sign back. Hindsight is perfect, said the Colonel. But what we should have done is put pull off stakes and move on down the road. Mr. Larmor was doing our job for us, which was to slow down. Hold on to the speed limit. See, that's where the whole thing comes in. Are you really there to get people to slow down? Are you just there to write tickets? That's the real question. Now does anybody believe that these speed traps are set up to slow us down and make us be good obedient? Right. They're there to write tickets is what they are. And so they were forced to unhand cuff him and unreleased his sign and set him on his merry way. After they had to list poor guy who was just because it was a road out of the middle of nowhere. And he thought it was like pretty ridiculous that there were set up a speed trap out the middle of nowhere. Like how you just rode with a speed limit is like two miles an hour. And I'm going to say again, you people out there that are too stupid to realize when the a pork is around there in heat. And there are speed traps every five yards. If you don't want to slow down and just go around that WL line and get yourself a double ticket for speeding and for going on the other side of a WL line of hate is road. You idiots you. I'll never forget as long as I live that jackass on Friday and his little girl in the back seat, pulls around me, passes me on the wrong side of the WL line. And she turned around and gives me a look that would kill. I'll do a little bitch because I'm not going fast enough to shoot their fancy in my beautiful Corvette. Well, too bad bet. Okay. I hope you want to get an 8000 speeding tickets. You jackass? Probably was a kidnapping. Here's Boint and Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, dude, I haven't tried to call you for quite some time. I don't see the edge of cake. You're audience a little bit. I'm a police officer up here in Palm Beach County and you guys got a wrong. There's no quote as traffic is very, very small percentage of what we do on a daily day. The reason why we target certain streets is because we have a lot of old people and influential people that run a city and say they want us there to slow people down. But you're right. A lot of times when people hide, I disagree with that. The area is far as traffic control. If you want to slow people down, you should run out of the middle or road with a light pot. But the people I'm talking about like in Plantation, they really don't want to slow people down. They just want to write business. Well, if they want to slow people down, they'd be sitting out there and hire you this 24 hours a day and these people that are tailgating and try to force you to go like 20 miles over the speed limit, those would be the people getting the tickets and they're getting on my nerves. I don't know what they do. But the city is going to be a very small percentage of the revenue from the ticket as well. But you know, you hear these people call it all on the line. And how come all the people that are driving all the bad vehicles out there with the bald tires and no breaks? How come those people really get stopped? How about the people of driving 20 miles out of the speed limit in the left handling? How come somebody doesn't pull them over? I've never seen anybody that was driving slow and irresponsibly get pulled over. Never. That is a statute actually. Well, the opposite is. Well, why don't they aren't they getting pulled over? I can't speak for all the other officers, but I mean, speeding is the rare thing. That's how people find better stuff. Someone's heard. You know, a spy registration or bad vehicle, whatever you want to do. But still traffic is very small percentage of what we do. It's very large majority officers get out and they really bust their ass to make the city safe and so on and so forth. And that's what people really respect up professionally and why not thought I'd call and give you another. Well, because most of the cops we hear from like that arrogant Jack asked to call me week-to-go Friday that was given me a lecture and the given everybody also lecture. And it just was up noxious. That's how. Tell us that we want to make up the allows us we go along. Well, that's big for everybody. I'll just do for myself. Well, thank God for your sir. Have a great day. There's a real cop with a, you know, real reasonable attitude. And like I've said before, there may be 20 30 percent of the cops that got that attitude. And then there's about 30 or 40 percent of between. Or we're going to try to jaded because police weren't in turn out to be what they thought it was going to be. And then there's 20 or 30 percent on the other end. We're just about to ask holes. Who are just out there to hassle a public your hair is too long. You're too young. We don't like the way you look. Whatever the hell it is. You're too dark. You're too light. Total speak. In public getting your creative. God created the heavens and the earth and it was good. Then God created man and it wasn't bad. But the masters were asking. They were long. They had no guidance. So God said it's about about it. And he created. Born near or longer show. And God sent force to you to entertain the people of Israel. But came tonight with Alan Sineen and God Jewish bad. And real men who were the darkholds wanted to read of my everyday. He comforted the moon. He cast down the elderly and managed the foul part and it was good. But the ill-outer show. It's not just the show. It's a religious experience. Well, I don't want to do it on 2 a.m. Look, that bag is back on again. Come on, what's the answer for? These are my kind of guys. When the hell are they doing it anyway? We command we down the day, freely, Jane. I want more Chris Moore. Ghost points real high. When I listen to this part, a family voice won't get my attention. I will really get you to finish your... Let's wait you high, boys, we'll give the other action. Well, I think the two of us are not you, A.M. We're back in back on again. I'm going to miss here and straight in with voice this high. Now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again. So I'm going to press all the macho friends. Check out before it's night until the day of the song. Yeah, very nice of you. I'm a macho sports guy. His voice has some cracks. It's they were 12 years old. Yeah, I feel like that. They have stand a brief look to the radio. It's the sound. If they're voices on up there, really looks like some balls. They go there. And that girl, man. Yeah, he's smarter than my e-cred cruiser. Come on. There you go. Show it. So let me ask you the first question. What the hell time is, Chris? More on. Anyway, we got a Coxies Army in here to let's even ever see anything like this. You think there was something going on here today, which they're just might be. And it's a major miracle. Let me say it again. George Corso is God. Now, would we be here today for work for this one poor guy? That's right. Even our George is like, got the clap in there for him. He's clapping in the acumen. This man did five people's work night at clock last night. We finally got the last, well, not the last, but close to the last piece of equipment here. And it's a major miracle. One man, so powerful. So amazing, so miraculous. Any words in the earring too. How do you like that? So we've got the seven months worth of material to cover here. I had all the other stuff I want to talk about. And then, of course, we got the Harold. And we know how much we love the Harold. There are favorites. And she comes up with Ellie. I mean, seriously, could you ever get anything right? I love you. You're a sweet person, but the state of hell away. You know what I mean? This is just unbelievable. She has an article in here this morning. A little bit late, but better late than ever. But Ellie Brecker, that's fucking bitch. Has got a thing in here that says, I'm talking about the fact that, you know, there was a few delays here over these past. They only had seven months to get this done. Not a long time, not a long time for a project that should take about three weeks. But they only had seven months to do it. And it can't give it us one day. It's going to be done December 1st. It's going to be done December 8th. It's going to be done December 15th. Positively December 16th. Nine o'clock last night, the 29th are freaking December. We get the last piece of equipment in here, so we can do the show. See, their idea of doing a show is you walk into a dilapidated old flea bag. Like Hank keeps tongue. It is over there, a cue. And you sit down with a mic and a board that Mark Coney would be embarrassed by. And you flip the stuff open and that's being unarradial. Okay. We are here to drag the beastly read people out of the stone age of broadcasting into at least the 19th century anyway. 20th would be a little bit too much. But how about the 19th? Okay. How about those big old final tubes that glow real bright in all the ones that we used to see in the transmitter KAT, arts, math, rest and peace. By the way, it'll be excited to know. I was a little bit down because we, you know, I'll tell you this John Duce bag from Channel 4. This man is obsessed. Obsessed. We even came in here today. Let him press our buttons. And we're all over the TV. All you got to do is let these TV people come and press your button and man, you get all the free time you want. Four was all over at Hank Testicle at Channel 6. He was all over this thing. One, men, the editor from Channel 7. He was here on the phone. He was here on the phone. He was called by the way. He's both called back. Who did Ricky? But at any rate, so all these other and Channel 10 nowhere to be found. Come to find out and left it in her will. You know, and that's fucking bitch. She's another one. Left it in her will that anybody a channel 10 gives Neo Rogers that fat, fat, fat, and look who's talking sweetheart. Any publicity is out. Is out. How do you like that? So from her grave, but I noticed that there's a pretty cheap mic too. By the way, Channel 10 finally made it here today. They're all here. The TV people are here. You think that something was actually going on. And Ellie Brecker comes to a if there's nothing else going on. Just keep in mind. We might even have to subscribe to the hero. You can always get a copy of the hero and go for four hours. Non stop on the crap that's in this pain. Non stop crap. She says says a resigned. Greg, oh, he resigned. The letter he's not here this week. A resigned. Greg Reed, two Amazon Vice President General Manager. He's going to carve me up. It's been a lot of discussion about stuff he thought was major that we thought was minor. Everything to him is life and death. He had a lot of time on his hands. Yeah, I got something on my hands all right. I'm going to take time. You know, I'm talking about a lot of masturbation. What I mean, you know, minor things minor things like are we going to have a studio to work in that you promised you know, I mean, when somebody comes to you and makes all kinds of representations, you know, come to work for me. I'm going to build your studio. We're going to do this. We're going to give you all this money. And then you have to go stand on your head to get them to live up to the promises. Then I guess it's only minor things. You know, like nine o'clock last night. We're in here. Are we going to go on when when do you spend from channel four was here yesterday morning? And I said, well, I said, you know, if we go on tomorrow will be a miracle. And it is a miracle. It's a freaking miracle ladies and gentlemen that we're on year here today. It's one of the most astonishing things. The pyramids was a piece of cake compared to this because basically what they did was they had one guy do the job of five people. And then they gave them like half the equipment, which of course wasn't bought brand new. I mean, some of the real cheap stuff. Yeah, brand new. But the expenses stuff came from the other beesley stations in places like Norfolk, Virginia and Canada, and then New York. Some of the big beesley markets. And so they shipped down to us a little bit here, a little bit there. And that was basically it. So poor George Corso had to work on one man engineering department. We're going to build a statue to him. Of course, the main problem is we might not be on a year long enough to finish it all depending on a damn new that competition. I mean, the stupid talk network this thing. Yeah, I thought seriously after Paxon, I thought I could never see any more incompetence stupid people in my life. Guess what surprise? First I came over here. And then then we see what clear channel is doing. Don't let me forget that I would be thinking that's got to be on immediately if not sooner. Here is the death of one of America's most unique amazing radio stations in history. In fact today in honor of WIOB. They came, Paxon, butchered it, slaughtered it, whipped it, raped it, tortured it. Perry Valentine, Harry Pena's, Walter Sabore, Peter Boulder, nice air socket by the way. It also appeared to be the border. Starting with the I&Z was with that other company. Whatever the hell the name was with the guy, Janet, then he moved down to Paxon and now thank God. He's still with clear channel. And you continue sucking his way up the corporate ladder, destroying everything in his wake. Pete, you're not full on anybody's sweetheart. On freaking believable. So clear channel comes in and their infinite wisdom. They take the station that's been talk and entertainment for like the last 4,000 years and they're going to make it the news station. Did you see Mike Wolf? By the way Mike is a good guy. He's got a great voice. Good news man. Very to the boss. But good guy. He's married to the boss. He's married to Rhona Wolf. Okay. I think that you like her changing name to Wolf. Just for the hell of it? God. Get with it. But anyway, he's on the news last night explaining the new format and why they made the big wish between the IOD and I and Z and about how the signal about the bomb and moon up your ass. I mean, Kimmy, a break already. Well, yeah, this is the dumbest thing. And of course, we're not complaining. And that stupid talk network line up. I feel sorry for, so I almost said Rick and so I don't feel sorry for Rick. Oh, sorry Rick. No, I actually, to show you what a decent guy am in. What a good mood. I'm in from the great time I had for several months. I even feel sorry for Rick, which is saying the hell of a lot. Yeah, exactly. Oh man, is he going to be pissed? Rick, we just still, this is payback. He stole all my stuff for the last seven years. Why not steal one thing for me? Show. Yeah, he's going to say we stole that too. You can have a back, okay? But I feel sorry for those guys following. Let's see, four, six, nine hours of dead air. How'd you like to come on following nine hours of dead air? Mr. ego doing his old tired lightbulb stick. And then, of course, they have to explain. I had to take like a half an hour to explain. Yeah. Well, if you're driving on the coast between A1A and this street, like a turn of 1400. If you're like two blocks out to the line 40, and I mean, what the hell are these people talking about? Only clear channel. They have put passion to shame, even though that packs and stocks down to 73 quarters, but they have put them to shame. But passion is a moron, and he's a genius compared to the people of clear channel. So thank you, God. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Whatever the hell is out there for getting me to hell out of there just in time. And for all those wonderful times, the last seven months. You know what I'm talking about? A lot of masturbation. What not? Exactly. I apologize to the four people who used to listen to fabulous sports paid. We're very sorry, but that bitch is gone. Okay. The fabulous sports pay. They legend a fucking bitch in her own time. This is sports radio. 560. How about you QAM? My amy for water dals. So anyway, where do I start? I got a list of all these things I'll never get to. And I'm sure we just take calls. We'll milk this for the next five years. By the way, do want you to know we're here today and again tomorrow. And then Thursday, we got the day off. And if you're after seven months, two days at a time is enough. And it's New Year's Day. And then we got a pay. Okay. And noon. What is it? Baby steps. Yeah. Take little baby steps. Kind of like a Gregory did with buying the equipment. Little baby steps. And then we'll move on. Maybe want to spend a few bucks. Okay. Chief bastard. He's okay. By the way, in one of the greatest acts of courage in the history of mankind. It's vacation time. It's New Year's. Greg Reed could have taken this week off and hidden from potential problems that we could have had here from his foot dragging. And he did. And he's gone. He's gone all this week. He leaves it to Bill Tanner our consultant, Bluff Lindsey our program director was hiding in the corner with an nervous laugh. All these other people are sales department. These people are left holding the bag while Greg is off doing what he does best hiding. Ever try to get Gregory to return a phone call. But we'll do four hours in that tomorrow. Now I want some time this week. I want somebody to call in on this show and tell me the big deal with this princess Diana. Okay. Can somebody explain to me, I'm in Rome. It's a Sunday morning. I'm going to turn on CNN International on my little 13 inch TV. And here's this car sitting on the highway is banged up squeezed up car. And I'm thinking this must be an awful important car because they're like focusing on this for an eternity. What did you know, all they have accidents every day were like here. All of a sudden the story starts unfolding. It was Diana but I beat by the book and she's dead and all this other stuff. What followed for the next weeks, months for an eternity for a lifetime, May JFK pale into insignificance in my life. I have never seen such a cynicism over nothing. Who? I don't want to sound disrespectful because I would never do that, right? But I mean, what is the big deal with her? What was the big story with Princess Diana? That's fucking bitch. I mean, did anybody really care about her before she got killed? And in fact, I think that was the best thing that ever happened to her. Was the fact that she got killed now all of a sudden. There haven't been this big ceremony and the royal family are making a big similar to Queen. Is there she's nodding her head and saying, thank God, you're dead. Under her breath, she's moderng because they hated each other like poison which they did. And the media people, you people are crazy. That's right, channel 10 is the rabbit. Don't take it personal. But the people in the media are crazy and they're spreading their sickness all over the world. Because they got the NBC stupid channel and not affiliated with a stupid talk network, by the way. And they got CNN internationally. They got the CNBC is all over the world. So the speutom that they spread here in America, they spread all over the world simultaneously. So they're telling the public basically, what is important and what you should be excited about and what is not. And they decided for whatever reason because those silly breads who still think that that broad the old pair. What the hell is an old pair? Huh? I got an old pair. I'm sitting on them right now. What is an old pair? Is there anybody be honest with me? Is there anybody in this audience who ever heard of a goddamn old pair before this brought up there in a England off that little kid? Is there anybody in the old? Yeah, because you got a little bratty kid. You know you have a nice kid. But you got a little kid. So you heard of an old pair. Nobody heard of an old pair anymore than we ever heard of Johnny Versace. Okay? And by the way, it's Johnny. It's not Johnny. It's not Johnny. Get with a day go talk with Johnny. Never heard of the man in my life. But what was the big semis would die in? Somebody sometime in a course. I'm sure land mine. Victims. What? The land mine. I thought it was a little black hole. I thought it was a little black hole. I thought it was a little black hole. Well, with gloves and so on. Oh, she had bare handed. She did a bare handed and touched them too. But she kind of reminded me a little bit of Jackie Kennedy without quite so much money. You think you think she had his mobile find out. They're both that anyway. What the hell difference is a make? But that's kind of what you reminded me of gold. The bigger the whole thing was set up in the first place. He was boning what's your name. The other broad. The night before they got married. Everybody knows that. Charles. Now, it's amazing. Can you imagine him getting stuck because At least you know the ears would keep them out. You know, if he got caught the whole body went in. At least, you know, the ears would protect him at all costs. With those big. That's probably why he's got ears like that. Charlie. And then, of course, at one point when they shoot him from a distance, William, everybody is all of 15 year old kid. Okay. All the pedophiles are all whipped up about Prince William because they thought he was cute. He's as ugly as sin. Okay. Forget about him. Trust me what I tell you. This kid is for for a Brit. He looks kind of like human. The British are the most pathetic, the silliest people. You go to Amsterdam like I've told you before. And I was there only five times this summer and fall. And the only people who are obnoxious are the Brits. All these British kids because they're so constipated. They're so suppressed in their own country. And they go over there where they can actually do things. And they have like a little bit of freedom. And they get out of control and they're allowed. And they're drunk. There are noxiouss. It's like going to sunrise. The bad part about this is we're not going to be able to hear a lot of ass. Here is the here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes. God. How you doing sir? I've been counting it since you last. A lot of masturbation. Yeah. Neil, I've missed you so much. I've been waiting. That's why there's been so much more moisture in the years. Since I was off the year, people are looking for something to do to keep busy. I guess. Oh, man. Neil, it's great to hear you back. I mean, that's really all I call to tell you. And you know, I hope that they go down in flames. Everybody but Rick and Sus. Yeah. Don't you feel, I mean, let me ask you something. Seriously. I mean, I'm not suggesting you're a programmer, but this business anybody can be a programmer. You're dragging them out the street. That's what they used to do with IOD. But at any rate, you. I mean, if we didn't like you bigger than your little finger, I mean, look at this line up. They got Mr. Eagle doing jury atrick talk in a morning. I mean, I mean, I mean, you got to have a roadmap and a compass to find out which station which one is on. And of course, you don't want to hear anything in the first place except maybe Rick and the, So, and by the time they come on, everybody will encounter something. Anyway, the thing that was 20 yesterday, by chance, I just haven't turned on. I'm like 11 o'clock and you know, I heard something about, you know, like, like, see this, this, see this, that I was like, I don't know. Tell me, passion bought this thing back. I have no idea. But Neil, I, what you were just saying about being a programmer? I have to admit, Rick Riley and I don't remember who the guy the program manager was before they went. Or when they went first went to clear channel. Yeah, you mean, but you don't mean Peter bulls you just like, No, I don't know. Here we go. Here we go. Harry Valentine. Yes, it was Harry Valentine. Because by the way, thank you again, Harry Valentine for having that moment. As dinner with me at Britain Jackson convincing me, even though you didn't intend to do it, that you're a complete asshole, a water stable clone. And that's what convinced me not to sign the passion deal. And thank the Lord if there is one which I doubt, but thank goodness anyway that I awized up and I did it with Harry penis. But I met them as I met them at that sweet tomato place that used to be across the way from, I think I always knew deep in my mind that if I ever had a great experience in my life, it would be with a Harry penis. Well, with anyway. You know, you're great. And always you see was, I said, I'm not a flat-up artist. Yeah. I said, why can't you bring Neil back and he goes, sir, we're not interested in bringing Neil back. And I said, fuck you. Oh, yeah. Okay. Well, now we get a chance to see if that thing works out. That was great. I think that was an insides. Yeah, that was probably Greg Cohen from out of town to see if the dump works. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, where did you go on vacation when you were, what country did you travel to? Italy. Did you go to Spain? Didn't go never went to knob in the Spain once. I was to Madrid last year. Yeah, I had called you before you went to Spain. I recommended it because I have some family there. And you would, I had a listen to you when you called back. And you were complaining about the sidewalks and stuff. The drink was, everybody says I should have gone to Barcelona and not Madrid. Well, the real nice places are like to go via the liles, town's up there. I just want to say something. I almost stood in it, if I use. Yes, sir. And I just want to talk about the hypocrisy. Among the Cuban American people here, they say that. So the one thing they're fighting for is democracy and Cuba, but I can't have my own ideas at school. Because I had said that I, I believe in socialism. Communists. Yeah, exactly. You're a communist. And I was attacked by a few students. You know, I was a thing that hypocrisy, even on a campus. You cannot even have your own country. Can I explain something to you? And I have encountered this in Europe. Well, I guess they're loosely, they're bored with a little bit lucer foreskin in Europe. Okay. But the Cubans, they're tightly wrapped. Okay. And as a result, you know how like when there's pressure on the brain, it's hard to think clearly. Yeah. And a lot of the Cubans, especially the older ones after years, you know, of, and by the way, to discover also on my trips because in Italy, they got all the great cheeses, provolone and mozzarella and the, the, uh, Spaniards also speaking to going to Spain, our famous for their own cheese, pecorino. Well, where you were, that's sir. No, I was not. One, two, three, yeah. No, I was not. And another thing that I'm happy about is that the Pope is going to Cuba because at least they can sell a bridge from the call. I'm going to print a stone on my own. I'm going to print a stone on my own. I'm going to print a stone on my own. I'm going to print a stone on my own. Okay. And the one thing that you're not going to use in the old Cubans and tie in and poo pooing it, with the Cuba time. And the many of you say the truth about the old Cubans, you start to get an all paranoid. But it's true, everybody, a Cuban, a good spend all the spare time in North Carolina. So what do you expect? Everybody so, so bad about this. My skin, I don't think I just got with a million there. By the way, I'm so glad you mentioned that here, and not only is Ellie Brecker, who my line, I love you Ellie, don't take it personal, but she doesn't know what she's writing. But on the other hand, here is the talk about spinalist, even make Reg Red Look good. The Harold Kansels, traffic magazine a week ago Sunday because they wrote an article about Jorge Mosque Nosa in which they said no mosque, not sarcastically or negatively, but they were afraid that some of the uptight old Cubans with bombs would miss interpreted. And therefore, they pulled the entire traffic magazine. One of the most spinalists act in the history of journalism, if he can use the word journalism and connection with the Harold, unfreeking believable. One thing that I like about everybody in this town, including the people who work at the Harold, are holding their heads tightly and just holding their heads in shame. And they can't believe it because they were afraid they might offend the three old the Spikstone or a domino park. Exactly. And of course, everybody knows that the Harold and Jorge Mosque Nosa had each other like boys. And what was the big sentence with him anyway, who needed him? One thing about it, I have a system to you, and I'm happy that they were able to celebrate Christmas, and I'm happy that the folks going to go there, and maybe give them a little bit of hope. Yeah, but even though something, Italians are glad he's going, and they just hope he doesn't come back to Rome. Have a great day, pal. Oh, man, did they hate the Pope in Rome? Let me say it again. One of the great things about going to Italy, no matter where you go, three percent of the people in Italy go to church. The other nine, ninety-seven percent are smart enough. They've seen another this bull crap. They say, up on your nose with the rubber hose, okay? They make it off for they can't refuse. Get out of here with that crap, okay? I'll never forget as long as they live the day, we're walking in Roman's saw the Getsky store where they sell all those, I told you about this, was this before I went on the, maybe not, where they sell, I'm sure it was. They sell all the outfits for the cardinals and the, whatever the drum is. They would like to get dresses for men, dresses for guys, for all the guys they're in the Vatican running around in drag, but I mean, you know, velvet, very expensive, very lush, which of course you suckers are paying for every time you stick your money in a collection box on Freakin' Believe, but they sure are dressing well, make no mistake about that. Lovely outfit. Okay, let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello, gangster Mack. Hey, how you be doing? How you doing? Great. Listen, I don't know what happened over there. Six, ten, listen, is Grego's doing the air? He's on at night. Wow, he's such a smug. I just for fun, I used to calm and tell, I can't wait till they're with you and who ain't home. I wouldn't even waste my time. I mean, he's such a note telling and, you know, one note Charlie did. They got a butt, they all sound the same. I don't know, Robert's table, but I don't know, rock music, DJ's trying to go stop, so. Very well put. Sir, I was like, we're going to bring you over to program this, do I? Right on the money man. Listen, I want to give a couple of shout outs. Can I give some shout outs? Like I said, so what were you doing? A lot of masturbation went off speaking of that, by the way. I want to tell you about the biggest scam or at least one of the biggest scams going anywhere and that is magnets, magnets. Now, I don't want to go into a big long thing about this, but I might anyway. I have been in incredible pain on my foot. Thank God, and maybe it's psychological. Maybe it's a Greg Reid pain. But the last two months in the heel of my foot, they took X-rays. There's nothing in there. It might be a tiny bone sp're the loan. I went listen to this. Hemorrhage. Okay, because you're traveling all over the world. You're eating bad diet and you know, you're irritating a lot of candy and ice cream and crap and nothing in the right foods. Possible. Very, very tomato sauce. Irritating bad hemorrhage. Real bad. Okay. A real pain in the ass. I go to my proctologist, which I will not mention their names on the air for obvious reasons, because they're sitting monitoring right now. But anyway, check everything out. You got piles. Okay. Thank you so much. Sister, after he looks deep inside my rectum, I got piles. Thank you. And then he sits me down in his orifice. And he's peddling me on all the greatest thing. Magnets. Magnets magnetic in-soles for my feet. Okay. $65. He pedals me for magnets, which everybody. Oh, Dan Moreno's wearing him on his back. Look what it's doing for him. I'm not going any. And race horses. They're putting blankets on race horses with magnets for their backs for their desk for their ass. So I buy these in-soles for my shoes. We go out to Vegas. I'm out there three or four days walking around running around losing my ass. And my foot is starting to kill me from these goddamn magnets in my shoes. I take the magnets out because now at least I can walk a little bit. And as the days progressed, I realized I've got a serious problem in the healer. My foot that hurts like a mother, which only in the last couple of two months of agony because of these freaking magnets. So let me just alert all of you out there. You know, first it's, you know, the, the pill that's going to make him, how's the land energy doing by the way? How's the rollin to do with that fan fan? Bought any lately guys? First it's some crap like that. Then it's some other factory with the less it can kill B6. Remember those for the, you're going to lose weight. Take, you know, a few of these, you'll lose some weight. Then you're wallet, you're going to lose the weight. You'll feel a little bit lighter like about 10 bucks. And now it's magnets. And the worst part of it is it's a pyramid scan. And the people who are involved with this are like, they're like movies. They're brainwashed. They're obsessed. Oh, well, so, you know, everything is a pyramid. Exxon is a pyramid. The whole world is a pyramid, but it's great for you. You've got to learn up on it. You know, I learned up on it. You know, I think that my pro colleges will look in the branch out in other areas. So to speak, because if you ever wondered what kind of a practice, what kind of a young man who goes to medical school, chooses proctology to be his profession to be his area of endeavor. So to speak as in rectum. You know, I mean, what is that? What kind of person wants to look inside other people's rectum? All day. I mean, let's get serious. Okay, Dr. So it's no wonder he's looking to branch out a little bit. Get off my ass, doc. Okay, here is Miami. Hello. Hello, Nick. Yes, sir. Yes. What's your problem with baggage? You're quite killing two boys. All right. Now we're talking, okay? Now we're talking. Forget the facts, doc. Let's get that tight stuff in there. Now we're done. Happy Honk. I want to bang you in the broad, honey. With all the controversy over the Neil Rodgers show, we decided to run a comparison profile between Ed Watkins, a new listener, and Bob Newballs, a WQAM veteran. Ed, would you mind telling us you're annual income? Oh, I'd say 150,000. Okay, even Bob, how much do you earn annually? Well, I don't know, but I'm kind of sure it goes up when I donate my sperm. I see. Ed, what kind of card do you drive? I have a B&Z3. Bob, Bob. Oh, God, me, a 79, C10 that don't got any floorborn on. Ed, what are your thoughts about Neil's show on WQAM? Most enlightening and entertaining on an eclectic level. Bob, until you walk, there ain't nothing like the boog and the sports babe. Lord, I miss them. Why, I could listen to sports all day. For real, man, listen to sports all day long. While this here, Neil, fellow is a homosexual, misguided homophobic. What? Hey, don't you go call and mean names. I don't understand, shut up. I'll kill you, gay boy, lover. Get a life. This concludes the WQAM listener profile. You decide. Okay, well, we certainly do have a lot of men different kind. Oh, so I hear. Here's Coral Gevel. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I'm a professional golfer. And I kind of disagree with this case. You Martin thing. You know, if you've played a high level, you know, caliber golf, it's not like just going out your buddies and running around and just slap it all over the park. I mean, the guy definitely has a distinct advantage by going out there playing with a card. And especially, I can't really make it optional. What if it doesn't make you a guy's got a card or not? Well, it's because of the fit fatigue factor. How about we got to walk in when it's in the hot peak of summer when it's 110 degrees outside of the heart. Just breaks my heart, man. See that when you're talking about athletic ability, when you're talking about golf ability, you're talking about hitting the ball, putting that's what you're talking about. Those are the two things you're talking about is hitting the ball either off the tee or approach shots and putting is little Zano about golf and Kara couldn't hear less. That's what it's all about. Nobody cares about how big you are, how strong you are. Those things should all be eliminated. A guy that weighs 250 pounds should be able to have just as much opportunity if he's a great golfer and can do all the other has the skills that, you know, would make him a top golfer. Nobody cares whether they can walk 150 or 200 yards. Well, the point is, though, I know from playing when I take a card and play and as opposed to walking and play, I know I'm definitely a lot more tired after I walk and I would get a card. So there's no doubt about it. Well, that's the point. Like I said, it should be optional. How about let's take baseball as an example. What Alex Fernandez looks about as much like an athlete as I do has gotten asked bigger than the building that I'm sitting in. Do you think that he's a great athlete? Sure. He's an athlete. Of course. He's done what? To throw a ball like he does. Sure. It takes up like to sit on that mound on nine work and pictures over definitely takes athletic ability. There you go. But if I get does the gate to the core about it. But hopefully only in a sense only in the sense that he can stand out there in a month and throw a baseball 90 or 95 miles an hour and do whatever he does to get guys out. That's what it's all about. Not because of the fact that he's in great shape or he could walk from here to Montana without breaking into a sweat. Nobody cares about that. Well, it's John Benbury's broken or great athlete. Is he concerned athlete? All he does is stand there in the goal medal night and say, I got news for you. I got news for you. John Benbury's work is 100 times the athlete that any professional golfer will ever be. Let me say it again. He's a thousand times the athlete than any golfer will ever be. Do you watch hockey games? Sure. And you think that all he does is stand there in front of the net. Have you ever seen the goalie get the crash into like he has like last couple of games? Well, if you knew what it took the shoot 62 on a golf course, maybe you'd have a different game. Oh, go out of your nose. Will you go see what shade of round or blue it is this week? What it took to show to shoot a 62 on a, gives a flying crap on it takes to shoot a 62 on a god damn golf course. And like the guy said before, which was one of the best calls I've ever had in my life. It's a game not a sport. It's a god damn game. And in this case, it's a rich man's game for guys who either got a lot of money or have some sponsors that's going to put them out there on the tour. So that instead of getting a real job, they can go out there running around whack at a god damn golf ball. But don't tell me that because somebody's got a handy cap, he should be denied the opportunity to play a game. Blue nose, blue nose, blue nose man, it makes you want to puke. Oh, yeah, they're a great athletes. See people are worth. I'll give you an example. Jockey's. Jockey is just some of the greatest athletes in the world. And yet in the very few people, if you say, well, you know, who are the greatest athletes? Oh, football players and golfers. Yeah, right. Ever watched the third red horse race and seen the danger and the split second decisions that had to be made. And how close those horses are going to a zin in miles and out to each other. Big 2,000 pound beasts with a mind of their own. And here's this little guy weighs 102 pound. And he's sitting on there with a holding a range and he's, you know, going to try to control this 2000 pound animal and get him to go to the right to the left to make the move just at the right time. These are unbelievable athletes. Who's the better athlete? I would say Tiger Woods is the best athlete in the world is what I would say. When you agree? Uh, hopefully here from a lot more blue noses and brown noses today because God, if I could just learn what it takes to go out there and chew the 62 or 69, do you know, even George who is as you know, not a sports buff to say the very best. Even he's pissed off. The more I think about the last call, the angry, I'm almost going to get my piles back. I think from that call. Oh, you're the tremendous amount of athleticism and the tremendous amount of energy. Oh, yeah, the first of all, they got a caddy to carry the caddies of what it ought to be making most of the money. He's schlepping around there, getting all worked up. Kering those heavy guy damn clubs on his back. And every time you watch any of this golf on TV, which you can't avoid because on a weekend, to fill the time that's all they got on there. And they show, you know, the guy hits the ball and that's it. And now he puts the club back in the back. The caddies like hunched over. He's carrying like a hundred pounds of bags on his back. And now they walk very, very slowly and casually up the course of the next city. Very, very, very slowly. I mean, give me a freaking break. Okay. And this guy has the golfing on it to compare any golfer and forget about the fact I'm a hockey fan. And he compares him to the bees or he just happened to choose that. But to a hockey player, and just when the bees are standing out there on his skate, shuffling his feet during the national anthem, he's exerting more energy at that point than any golfer and any goddamn whole tournament put together. You jack at you idiot, you moron, you blew nose, idiot, embassil. Actually, we're discat me at this point to find that there could be any people that's stupid. But I guess the whole golfing world, that's a whole separate mentality there. A blue nose mentality. What's that expression again? Interesting. Oh yeah. It's unfair traditions of the game. That's right. These great athletic. But what do you expect from people who are stupid about to watch this crap? I mean, you talk about having no life that you would sit in actually watch hours of this horse duty. To watch a bunch of guys sitting there, whack in a ball. If you want to go on and play, get some exercise more power to you. Peace a load. But if you want to go out there and sit in your fat ass, drink and beer, watch it a bunch of guys, whack in it, and the ball too. And you got serious, the watch calls don't drink beer. Oh, I wouldn't think so. Maybe a little shabby. Maybe a good key anti with some fava beans. Yeah. And I'm sure that some of you did watch and it shame on you. The entire OJ. I think I noticed this morning. I was turning on was NBC. And they had a good piece on it. They had one of the attorneys from the civil case, the Goldman's attorney from the civil suit. And he told it exactly the way it is. I mean, just precisely, and they showed some of the clips and Chris Meyer was getting all puffed up in the face and read and the post and agitated. I guess Chris maybe expected OJ was going to come clean right there on the air, which he should over the course he didn't. And you knew he would not. And then he was trying to like, well, the thing he said in the escrower, but if I did do what I did out of love, it was taking out a context. Right. You did it. You did it. You murdering bastard piece of crap. You and now people are wondering, well, how come he's doing all this public parents? Because he's trying to rehabilitate his image now. He's trying to come back into the mainstream. He figures enough time. His past, he's tired of being an outcast. And he wants to back in. And he gets on there and lies and lies and like, oh, well, there was only one beating. There was only one time they forgot physical above. Oh, Jesus, give me a break. Give me a freaking break. And of course, poor Chris Meyer, he's a joc guy. He's a sports guy. He don't have the facts there in front of him. He doesn't have the list of all the damn dates of all of these incidents that were well documented, especially in the civil case, which by the way, he was found responsible, meaning guilty that yes, you did murder them in the old $32 million. Even though they're not getting a penny of it. Got a $4 million in his trust fund and his pension fund, whatever the hell is, which they can't touch of penny. And doing the best to hide each and every dime that he's got. So here's a guy that really is very, very concerned about making sure that, you know, people get paid. That his kids get taken care of and everybody else too. Just unbelievable. I'm, you know, something other than I think of it, even though I only saw the end of it. I'm glad they did put him on. I'm glad they put him on again. As a reminder of what a piece of turt he is, I hope he turns, well, what's this favorite thing? Well, I rest my case. And here's a guy who allegedly has two bad knees he can barely walk. He's got arthritis. He's got this. His hands are are a shrubble. They're croupled. They're blah blah blah blah. But they can't do it. And thing. So what do you say? Should we give him a cart? Stick it into one of those walk-in ovens. Sounds good to me. Here's Carl Gable. Hello. Yes sir. Hey Neil. Listen, on that golf thing, there's one thing everybody forgot. And what is that sir? You know, the USGA and the PGA governs all the tours. Yeah. PGA tour. Right. So they're contradicting himself. I mean, if you can take a guy because he's old or because of his physical condition, if he's a pro and he can ride an tournament, why can't the shiang follow-do it? Make sense? Amen. Good show. Thank you sir. All right. Have a great day. Yeah. It seems to make sense to all of us with an IQ larger than our index finger. But not to sunset and of course to blue doses and the players themselves are a Spinaless and gutless. And like I said on the worst team this morning, in private, they're positive. And some positive two, a lot of these guys are saying, boy, this is a bunch of crap. But as usual in this country and in this world, very few guys, very few people anywhere have got the cahoons to actually stand out from the group and say, this is in justice. This is a bunch of bull crap. Let this poor guy play and stop at all the kaka and roll a bunch of overpaid spoiled rotting Brats and making a lot of money and cut the crap already. All right. Cut the crap. I mean, who the hell would you rather have playing out there on the tour? Casey Martin or Curtis Strange. Do you know what I'm saying? I rest my case. Or that goddamn Greg Norman sin him to Australia. Send a back where it came from. I'm so tired of him. Oh, but he's sure was good friend. And he's this one great great. He's got more money than God. Let him retire already. And the same with that damn Nicholas and all those old farts. And let him go do something productive. Man, oh man, see, I don't understand that. How can you go your whole life? And you play golf. You did it for a living. You did it very well. And then you get to a certain age. And you know what? And then you continue playing. There's the seniors tour. And it's like when they try to hockey. You remember that lasted for about a minute and a half. That thing with the old farts league. Seriously, that lasted for about three weeks. And nobody had any interest. Nobody wants to see a bunch of old farts bubbling around out there. Watching red Kelly, he's 75 years old. And Johnny Barr and all these guys, who do how want to see that? That's not sports, which proves what I've said a long. Because golf is not a sport in the first place. Oh, here we go. Channel four journey of hope with the Pope. The Pope's coming to Cuba, baby. I'm right. We got some hope. What the hell? I'm always going to bring them as a bunch of stone age, dark age, crap at a bunch of empty promises, which nobody will ever fulfill. A lot of rhetoric. And of course, naturally, many of these getskies there will come on her hands and ease with her last two pesos like they do in Mexico and Brazil and all over Latin America. Oh, here for the Pope, city Pope, for his operation, for his whatever. Yeah, those altabois are a lot more demanding than they used to be. That's right. 30, 40, 40,000 lira. That don't cut it anymore. I was here until you've had. Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Just want to throw something out. You might have commented on it already. I just got in the car, but I was watching the news this morning. And I slow a story about the woman out in Texas. They're about the execute. Yeah. And they were, you know, she hacked through all these people with ice picks. And she supposedly had an orgasm when she was doing it. Did you know about it? Yeah, this came out in the court and everything. But now they're getting ready to execute her. And she found God, which, hey, have to eat his own. Everybody does their own thing. Oh, okay. I'm not against that. But now the church is coming out that she's because she's born again. They should execute her. So on and so forth. And I just like to get your opinion on it. And if you don't mind, I'll hang on. Oh, well, my opinion about what? Nothing. What do you think about the whole thing? I think it's ludicrous. I think the people are coming out. Oh, listen, everybody that goes in this lamb, or especially on death, or everyone who finds the Lord from G Gordon-Litty to, I mean, Colson and right on down the line, every last damn one of them becomes a religious nut. And I say, give her, I was going to say, fire ass, but they don't do that. Do they? They take me to the church. We need more blood. So, thicker with an needle immediately. She might enjoy it. Take her up. Okay, pal. She's going on anyway, right? Yeah, she's going to be up there in heaven. She'll be at the squirly gates. So what's wrong with that? Oh, I mean, if she believes, which of course is one of the really great parts about these religious nuts, all in a matter of what you do during your life, if you've set the Lord before you come out, or how many people you killed, and if Hitler were accepted Lord on his deathbed, because he wasn't in bed when he shot himself, well, if he would have done it there in the bunker with Guy Junker, I got you down, exactly. I mean, give me a freaking break already with heaven and hell and purgatory and the devil and the pitchfork. But by the way, speaking of going to hell, did you see the thing on O.J. yesterday, which O.J. be, remember a couple of years, how long is this thing going on? Like last year? There were the rumors that he was going to come down here and move here, and everybody said, go the hell away, everybody with a brain that is, had go the hell away, we don't want you here, and then it kind of cooled off, and it was a building his new house or buying a new house and wherever the hell he is in LA, and all of a sudden he's back again for another celebrity golfer and the Fracharity. This was yesterday, I guess. How come we didn't know about that? Because we're all alone over here. But it was Martin Luther King day. Don't you understand the significance of this? It was Martin Luther, oh, by the way, we have our DSS. So we're not as alone as you might think, but at any rate, he was in town yesterday at this charity golf tournament on Martin Luther King day, this murdering miserable, no good. Let me chop your word, hurts the most bastard, is in our town. And they put her on the news last night, I met the Trac watch in this, and then, wow, O.J. is getting comfortable here. He's starting to like it here. So I guess the rumors are resurfacing that just maybe he might be coming back, and not only is it bad enough that he's here, but they have to go out to the golf tournament, stick the mic in his face, so we can give us all a lecture. I'm morality. Do you be seeing that? I saw it's he's. But I didn't see. He'd be pissed off. He'd be highly pissed off, O.J. Exactly. Because he's sick and tired of all these judgemental people who just won't let go of it already. Just let go of it. And the knife, too, is what O.J. be saying. Because when you get to the, this was my favorite part. He says, when you get to the pearly gates, the man doesn't like people who, you know, are judgemental and hold a grudge, whatever it was saying, when you get to the pearly great, great, great, and I'm thinking, well, what does the man think about guys who murdered two people are called blood? It's okay. It's okay. Well, that's right. That's okay. If you, you know, have enough money. It only hurts for a little while. That's what they say. So O.J. is back to Hadas again. They're just some of these back to two will never go away. Let me, let me speak for the entire community, except a few, we targeted people in some very, very stupidness-cutted, horny women. You see, the broad out there, O.J., once the merriom. This light-complexed black chick, which he's out anyway. He's not into black chick, okay? Oh, yeah. I want to marry O.J., I want to get near him. I want to sniff it just one time. Nothing like you gag. Right there at dinner time at the track too. Right in the middle of my dinner. So let me speak for just about everybody other than a few misguided hormonal bitches who couldn't get laid in a cucumber patch. We don't want you here, okay, O.J., we got enough problems. We got the damn pope coming to Cuba. That's close enough tomorrow. We got enough problems with that. Go the hell away. And don't come back soon. And there was Richmond Webb, number 70. Oh, it's number 78, hold on. Hold on. You have the man who's committed more penalties for the offensive last three years. Then all the other people on the team put together including keep sins even though he's gone. And there he was there at this charity government. And now we got to move on and it's for a good cause and bop bop bop bop. Yeah, right, whatever you say, okay, Richmond, 15 yards, number 78. Sorry. So he won't go away and you know who else won't go away is that guy, damn Oprah. She just will not go away. And she reminds me on a much more sinister scale because there are some people who realize what a scumbag Larry King is. There are a lot of people who understand that. Especially people he still owes money to. But he's dangerous like when he brought Ross Piro on there and he made him into a real president. A real presidential candidate single handedly nobody knew from Ross Piro. Tolerary King decided he was going to play, you know, Mr. Hachat Maker. But Oprah's on there and of course, she's got this captive audience of millions of desperate board housewives who are like in between Jerry Springer, in between the hyper ventilating housewives with no lives and. Tapioca putting somewhere in between there is Oprah worth billions of dollars with the B why I haven't got the foggyest idea. And the woman who has got nothing to say a woman who brings nothing to the table a woman who is not interesting, who is not brilliant, who is not articulate, who is not anything other than else you the board and call on a bad day. Why is it girlfriend? You know, okay girlfriend. She's not the one that started that issue. Instrumental. Be well. Yeah. I've heard the instrumental of vocals a lot better, but the instrumental wasn't bad. But anyway, so there she is in season this battle now and you know, I hate to say this, but I have to take her side on this issue. The thing about the beef. Oh, because 13 states, including Texas and Florida, by the way, have passed these laws that you can't if you go on here and you maliciously attack a product and you cost in other words, they can prove that you cost them millions of dollars a substantial amount of money and they question your motives. If you haven't done it, just because you're stupid. Now in her case, I think just because she's stupid is evident, but the beef industry's got to beef. In fact, they ought to be on Thursday with a morning team, but at any rate, they pass these repressive, unconstitutional laws. In my word, they will be found to be unconstitutional. So that if you go on here and you say these, give your opinion and people all of a sudden whether it's about beef and people stop going on eating beef and across the millions of dollars, while too bad, you're so well. And so they're having this big lawsuit, they're suing Oprah for $13 million which is like pocket change to that bitch. And it really pains me that I have to take her side on this because she happens to be right. If she had some vegetarian former beef guy on her show last year, two years ago, and the guy was talking about how they feed cows, ground up disease, you know, they just ground up cattle. This is of dead animals, uh, excrement. Like they put in dog food. Yeah, sounds tasty to me. In addition to which whatever goes in, it's not pretty much all the same way anyway, right? What goes in must come out. That's what Peter North says. So what tells you all of that? And we don't have no mad cow disease in this country. So they the bottom line is she evidently got a lot of her housewives all bed ownership. The ones who weren't buying these tapioca putting books that she's always promoting on there. God, I wish to hell. I was on here for like one day. Just think of all the great books that I could promote on there one day, but of course, we'll never have the power that this bitch is got. Because she's got these simple and housewives across America by the millions mesmerized mesmerized. Just like she did with that optifast. Remember that crack, oh yeah. One day she weighed 300, six days later, she weighed 75 pounds on optifast. And then of course people went on that diet. And they were croaking left and right. I'm surprised she never got on the fan fan thing. She's like a human accordion. One day she weighs 300 next day, she weighs 30 pounds. She's like in between caring, carpenter and mama cast. And not really sure which side she's going to come down on. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Good morning Neil. When is this? I got a spy report. My brother called me last night at 11 o'clock. He was at Miami, I'm late. He said, guess where? Who was in front of me? And the dear from this, I killed Nicole. Oh, man. And I told him, I said, you know what? My brother agrees that, oh, Jay killed her. I said, you go, that was story to that him. And finally, O.J. said, how are you doing? Oh, I told him. And I told my brother, I said, what did you tell him? And he said, oh, he just said, hello. But I said, you know what? I said, there's people. The public starts seeing O.J out there and start telling him, you know where you killed Nicole. I told my brother, I said, you could have been in every major newspaper. You should have took out that nine-year and just beat the crap out of him. There's actually, he could have been all over. Could have been a hard copy, soft copy, inside addition, outside addition, her Raldo Jenny Jones. He would have been on Larry King. He could have been here. He could have been in a gigantic. But I think that O.J's movement, the town here. And that's what I'm afraid of, man. And I, you know, like I said, I told my brother, I said, I'm not impressed by anybody except the Pope. Not even you Neil. But if I saw O.J, I think I would have been a part of the country. I think I would have grabbed that nine-year and just beat it up. You're impressed by the Pope, a silly old man in the dress and presses you. Yes, sir. Why is that? Well, I just think he's different. And he's different and old man in a dress with a beany is different. The only too many of them, that's true. Why are you impressed by the Pope? I guess because I'm Catholic. And you've been brainwashed. I don't think so. I think I have a level head. I'm not asking you about your sex life. I'm asking you about your brain, sir. You've been brainwashed. Well, we'll see. I don't know. I mean, we'll see what the Pope says over there in Cuba. Well, what do you think he's going to say? He's diagnosed the viscous along me for $50. What do you think he's going to say? Well, do we say that every country is visiting the communist country that it's falling. There can be no question that the Pope is responsible for the fall of communism. Just like he's one of his predecessors. Pope Pius the 12th was responsible for the fall of the Nazis. Right? Yeah. Okay. Thank you so much. I'm going to church right now. I'm getting on my knees right now. Well, that is if the boys are still in the building, the back street voice. He's not going to bring them down here. That would be embarrassing. Maybe they won't come down here. Well, he's there up there allegedly. Well, he wasn't sure they were showing up anyway. Said allegedly they're coming up with a kid curry on power 96. They don't play their music anyway. Do that. George during his last break being the heathens spicked that he is is going to this long. Son of a fapapapapapapapapapap. What are you preaching to the choir? Why are you telling me all of this about the archfac bull crap or the Catholic church and all of brainwashing? When you get to this place and when you get to the scorly gates, Mr. with O.J. He'd be going in and you'd be going down. You'd be going on the elevator going straight down. He'd be going straight up. I want you to stop and think about that for just a second. Okay. The pearly gates of heaven. See people talk crap because they've been conditioned to talk it. And they've been conditioned by hearing other people talk this crap. Oh, and you get to the pearly gates. Have you ever seen that spot? I don't even know what it's for. They're all lined up at the pearly gates and say Peter is sitting there. And then somebody who's like 20th in line does this line ever move? And then you see them go straight down. Yeah, I guess it does now. Like that. Yeah. I want you to stop and think about that. Here's like all these millions of people talk about a slow moving line. Makes busy land looks like like a picnic. Makes the, makes the express line at wind, dixie look fantastic. It took a clock in the morning when it's the only one open. It's not moving at all. It took a pearly gates. And here's this murdering son of a bitch comes into our town. And he's lecturing us. We better cut the crap because the man up there. He don't be like it. The man. This is 5.60. You a l. The past, the past, the past. The past. The past. The past. The past. The past. The past. The past. The past. The past. The past. The past. The past. The past. The past. The past. The past. A guy JurphMusic  You can't even grab the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power , 3 , it is lost the worst of the That's the only one that's acceptable and obviously it's working really great in all those third world countries where the reproducing like Go Rabbit Like cockroaches and you can be sure he's gonna be peddling that same still-age garbage in Havana tomorrow and everywhere he goes around the world as they continue perpetuating the misery and suffering of overpopulation all over the world That's the one thing they do better than anything else beside brainwashing is perpetuate misery, starvation and suffering And it's interesting when you are in Rome by the way the only people over there at the Vatican are the Getskis The slippers who come on their hands and need and then of course the tourists to go over there and they buy the crosses and all the other Those the trinkets the souvenirs I hate to tell you this but to use on the souvenirs shops. Here's a coral springs hello Good morning, Neil. When is this? Thank you very much, Ed. New George for a great show yesterday. Oh, thank God somebody heard that I thought we did flutter today with people saying boy We sure enjoyed that. Let's do it again soon like maybe today. There was a great gift in my appreciate it Thank you very much. I'm glad you're welcome. About the Pope. I don't know if you saw the Washington Post or any paper back in November when the Pope talked to a Theacon console and Condemned the actions of Christians before and during the Holocaust he told the Vatican conference the Christian world contributed to the rise The anti-Semitism and then failed to fight it as a Jews or being slaughtered during World War II. Right. He came very very close to issuing an apology for the actions of Pope The Pope is not to go. I believe this is next step and that's what's interesting about this Pope. I don't see him I have no affection for organized religion and I agree with you about most of it I'm not exactly sure about the supreme being. I'm still wondering about it But my mind is open one way or the other. What's interesting about this? What is interesting about this man in a skirt? What's interesting about him is that he is being used politically as a way of undermining Castro. Let me ask you this, how is he undermining Castro? In other words, when he leads Cuba in a couple of days, are you suggesting to me the Castro is going to fall or that somehow his power based there is going to disappear? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. He's better. One thing Castro is not better than the church even is indoctrinating in brainwashing and he's got those Cubans over there. So brainwashing that other than El Duque and a few baseball players, think they're living the life of Ryan. They're happy as a pig and slop and they love Fidel. Oh, no, I'm not suggesting he's going to contribute to Castro. So how is he undermining him? He's allowing some of the dissidents in Cuba, the courage to maybe speak out a little more. And that's very interesting. Very small. I understand that, but this is probably his main contribution to his visit to Cuba. Well, that's very high. You got to go back and he passed and Roman. And by the way, about, and let me, let me ask you this. What business does this man, since he's a member of a religious, I was going to say, called an organized religion, but it is a cult. Since he is the leader, the titular leader, if I can say that, what business does he have running around the world? Telling people about foreign policy and what they should do and what they shouldn't do in criticizing capitalism. And who the hell cares what he thinks? I'll give that to those people who are his sheep. Okay. There are a lot of people care about what he thinks of nobody cared about what he thought. He wouldn't be doing it. Follow me, ask you this. How come 97% of the people in Italy don't go to church? Well, yeah, but it doesn't mean they don't identify as Catholics. You see, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. Let me say that. Have you ever been to Rome? Wait, wait. Have you ever been to Rome? Yes, I have. But let me tell you this. It's like 97% of the people in Israel don't go to synagogue, but they identify as being Jews. It's the same thing. It's a cultural war that we'll be able to reach. There's a difference between being Catholic as and being born Catholic. And as you say, identifying with a man who's preaching stone age garbage, when the Pope told him that that, that, divorce was illegal. They passed along Italy, allowing divorce. When he told him that abortion was absolutely a sin, guess what? They have abortions all over Italy. It's legal in Italy. I'm saying that people identify with him more culturally than they are. Or what does that mean? They don't need him to eat pasta? Call her. What does culturally mean? He's Polish. Exactly. They don't know kill Boston and where I've been in Italy. Well, I, you know, it's just the thought of mine. You're probably right, but I just wanted to. I'm not trying to pull words in your mouth or anything else. Everybody's entitled to an opinion I'm more than happy to hear it. However, it seems to me that you're making an attempt. Maybe you're trying to be a nice guy and you're making an attempt to make a case for this man where there isn't any. There's no case there. That could probably be true. By the way, when you're, when I'm on hold, during the break, your conversation or Georgia's conversation, if you came over the phone. Of course. And it was very interesting. I would be interested to hear what it was at nine years old that George had the The new stock in the month. No, Georgia at nine years old realized it was all a bunch of bull crap and said this through this. Have it right. Hey, pal. Good to have you. And God bless you. See they like it. That said, other reason to call you. You can hear George Hawking a Chinese pop pop pop. I believe me he does. He does his own show to me, which, like I said, it's preaching the choir on the captive audience. But he has to get it off his little chest. Here's four lottery. Hello. Anya, what's up? How you doing, sir? Okay. You remember saying, it's early. I can't hear you too well. Yes. That's better. God created man or didn't man create God. Easy question. Do you remember saying that? Yes. Do you remember when you want to be in WS used to say, no, I don't. Well, I have bad old hires. I remember. You used to say, is there a green lepicon on my shoulder? Is that a matter of fact there is now? There is. When you get this old, there's a little green lepicon that stands on your shoulder and hops around. It's either that or psoriasis. And you also talked about God helps those who help themselves. Yeah. That's mean he can don't shop listings. Don't remember that one. You must have a lot of material on tape. No, not on tape just in the memory. And how about if you set your wonderful God, how could he make the waters crashed out on the Agiubton to our Chation FTV is right now? And how about this L. You remember that? And as I talked about this yesterday, El Nino, here's the Christ child and he's screwing up the weather and people are dying and freezing this. Thanks to the Christ child. That should tell you what people think of religion. But we're all God's children. There you go. Isn't that said? It's ever great day. You must be really busy. You must be pretty busy up there or out there or in there or under there. Why would I have these hiding these days or on the side of that bank building? You know, I know that a lot of people in this audience get very antsy. And they think I do too much of this. The real thing is I don't do enough of it. That's the thing. I am so sick and tired of a media and an entire other than maybe, you know, a screw magazine, which is our good pornography for a friend, Al Goldstein. And a few pornographic publications, which of course most people discard because of sexual nature. Obviously you're going to go to hell anyway for looking at it or reading it but let's see what's in it please. But other than that, there is nobody in this goddamn country that's got the balls to come out and talk about. I mean, here this pope thing is a classic example. Where is the other side of this? Where is even the other side in this community, which you'd expect to see this big conflict. Well, you know, with a cubins of a well on a one hand, as much as they've been brainwashed and they're good of media and Catholics and they bring their mind to church and put it in the plate every Sunday. And they stick that way for a near mouth and whatever else looks good. And despite of all that, here's this guy coming consorting with Fidel who is like the devil incarnate. I mean, this son of a bitch Fidel, he liked poison and with good reason, okay. And so they've got this tremendous conflict and it in this community man, they've managed to like shove all this under the carpet. They've covered it all up and the entire media here are covering this thing like it's the second coming of Yushki and Joseph Smith and Abraham and Abraham Solomon. I mean, it's just unbelievable. You think this was the greatest thing that since they invented the apostrophe for Christ's sake. What's so great about it? Oh, and in that of course, I remember years ago when he was here. What was that about the 10 11 11 years ago? Because that was an INZ. Oh my god, and they had and guess who was the MC? You'll never guess this Gregory Benjamin Vudel was the MC of this parade thing they had downtown for El Papa. A man who keeps asking the question, is there anybody out there who doesn't hate me like poison Gregory Vudel? There's more radio jobs in six months than most of us had ever done in a lifetime. And this man was there in the scene and oh god, that's good, et cetera. And so there's a guy who's been well adjusted from his Catholic upbringing, right? Yo, baby, that's what it's all about. And like Madeline Murray, oh, here, that bitch. Where is she, by the way? Whatever, and as she said, without hell religion isn't worth a damn. And that's right, without the fear of being punished, without the fear of not having eternal life, which is the most ridiculous thing. It's like OJ saying, oh, when you're up there to purgate the man get upset. At the purgate, if he was so worried about the pearly gates, he wouldn't be kicked off those two people like you know, in a fit of passion that he would piss off man. worried about the god damn pearly gates my ass. This is such garbage, such nonsense, such sputiment. And like I've said, so many times and I'll keep saying it as long as I got a breath in his old pathetic, fatty body of mine. If they spent like one tent of the money and energy that they do on brainwashing the world with this horse crap to try to solve the problems that are out there and feed the people who are starving to death, including that poor old bag mother Teresa and I grant you, you know, she may have never stolen a freight train. And she was wrinkled up in disgusting and old and probably smelled bad. And nobody cared because she chose the wrong kind of croquants I added. But in the meantime, she was running around the world peddling the same crap at horseball. And if they would have just sold all the, all the artwork they got in the Vatican, they'd have enough money to feed all the starving people. Billions, billions and billions with a beat. And if they had all the money that was ripped off and again, a Vatican bank scandal, they'd have all that much more money. They could all be driving at least little brown Toyota's anyway, at least slappers even in places where they don't have any roads yet. People were showing yesterday speaking of Martin Luther King, they were showing some of these revival things, or some of these, oh my god, what is that all about? It's like something out of a Tennessee Williams play. I mean, these people are like rocket and roll an an and they're rolling around on the floor, and the spirit is getting two minutes speaking in tongues and they're rolling around on each other. Oh god, that's good. I mean, talk about Saint Vita's dance, talk about watching people who look like they have gone totally mentally like it's time to get the butterfly in that out boys and girls three times a week at that assembly of Godchurchs right by your house. They'd be speaking in tongues, all right. And he, let me just lay it out to you and I really would challenge anybody to debate this. Since the Cubans in Cuba have lived under Castro and communism for almost 40 years now since 1959. And since virtually all of those people have been brought up without religion, their economic prisoners of Castro's regime is what they are. Political and economic because they can't express at the same point of view. But if they had if they had food, if they had a decent lifestyle, they wouldn't give a crap. They don't care about communist stuff. They don't care about the capitalism care about religion. Any of that if they just could like, you know, get their food and their medicines and whatever they need to live like human beings. That's what they care about. Now unless I'm mistaken, unless the news media have missed something drastic here, and I don't think they have because they've covered this thing. Everything from the Pope's fingernails to his record. Everything in between. We've had great great details, most of which we don't need to hear about all of it. So unless I'm missing something, he isn't bringing truck loads and truck loads and plain loads of cover. I'll be hard to bring the truck so I guess plain loads of all this good stuff to feed the people to bring their medicine to bring all these things, which they are disbelieving, deprived of. Well, why the hell not? Because he won't. He don't have time for that. He's busy collecting money from the Getskies who are going to come on their hand to knees, just like they've been for years all over Latin America. And all these slepherds bring in their flashed view pesos. Oh, my papa, for the papa for whatever, you know, El Papa. No, La Papa. El Papa would be for real man. I was saying El Papa up until this moment, but now let's at least be honest about what kind of a man was addressed. Even guys that run around and drag, rest better than that. Even Eddie Murphy would be embarrassed by that. Okay. What kind of a skirt box? In what I'm saying? It's kind of crap is that. And you see all this archaic stuff and they're running around with the, uh, all those, I still wonder what is they call it a miter. Don't say that big thing that they're schlepping and with those things those hoots on their head. I thought only to clans then wore hoots on their head. And then he went in the round of the ripped off the beanie from the Jews, of course. They had a rip off everything from the Jews because we came first. And he's got his little ugly beanie there. And oh, it's a big semisthenes coming there. But is he going to always going to take care of their spliritz you will need. What the hell does that mean? What a rationalization for the fact that he's not going to come there and do a goddamn thing about the real problem with these people are suffering from. He's not going to treat them politically. He's not going to feed them. He's not going to take care of their health and medical needs. He's not going to do a damn thing except do another big publicity stuff so we can keep the Vatican going. And he else something if they took a, if they took a vote, see Italy is not like England where they're like tied with a monarchy where they're all emotionally involved because the, because they're emotional cripples. And Italy, they'd like to say, Bob Bongulot, the whole Vatican, a whole bunch of those going. They don't have any need for them. In fact, they would like to stop being see the Vatican gets pissed off. And so every now and then they come along with the police, and they like close up all the, adult establishments and clubs and bars where people might be having a good time because they want to suppress the people and control them as much as possible. That's what the Vatican, that's the purpose they serve in Italy. They don't do a very good job because like five days later, they all reopen again. All the gay bars. We have to shut down them because the facts of an air cleaning like, I said the priest to the bathhouse, still have a good time there. And they do. But if you have the majority of the people, they need them like they need hemorrhage and believe me as an expert on that subject. We don't, none of us need that. All right, Bob Bongulot. The Pope's coming, Scorts Court, and it's going to be a big day in Habanuman. They're going to be free any second now. They were showing on CNN that we have our direct DVR satellite thing here. They were showing all these getks, and they're all sitting there. Have you ever noticed that when people when they pray and they sit there and they put their hands together, looks like they're, it looks like they're just, their brain is going to pop out of their forehead if they have one in there. Like they're really concentrating very, very hard, scrunching their eye. They're scrunching it in their eyes too. So there's a lot of praying going on at a lot of occurring on. And here's this old man in the dress going to be in Habanuman today. And of course, that's going to change everything. And you won't escape it. The TV said in the off position. Lots of great sports stories. By the way, a lot of role models for all you people to get excited about this morning. First of all, here's Chris Weber in too much of a hurry to get to practice. Chris Weber ended up with a face full of pepper spray six hours in jail and a marriage or we need charge. After a routine traffic stop for speeding, the Washington Wizard's forward was arrested to. They in charge with a salt resisting arrest possession of marriage or we need driving out of the influence of marriage or we need five other traffic related violations that it goes on and on. But if you flip over on the other page on the other side of it in the scum center this morning, dolphins mostly arrested. Oh, no. Miami dolphins quarterback the Norris, mostly. You'd be knowing anybody named the Norris. Huh? What is that? Is that like the rain in Spain? The Norris Mosley was arrested Tuesday after allegedly firing a handgun outside in Manangahila. Is that it? Manangahila. I thought it was Manangahila. Oh, that's a different place. Manangahila. I think it is Manangahila. County strip club in Morgan town by Virginia. Mostly who's from Pohoki. Is that said everything you need to know? He's from Pohoki was charged with brandishing a firearm and shooting from a roadway. Both Mr. Meiner's County jail sergeant Gary White said. Mostly later was released after posting $600 bond. Then we got in the hockey page in the sports section this morning. Goli Sean Burke of the Vancouver Conox formally of Hartford and Carolina wherever else he was. Must complete an educational program on domestic abuse within six months as part of his punishment for assaulting his wife in November. Burke also was $500 and sentenced to 18 months probation after pleading guilty Friday to the November second incident. And then on the letters to the editor page in the sun sent us just around it out to make for a full exciting day. Here's a picture of Jose Consocco and Donald Cogan of Boca writes. The headline read can say code deal keeps him out of jail. January 8th. The Oakland days Jose Consocco a four foot inch. A six foot four inch he got four inches. You know, those big guys trust me. A six foot four is 240 pounds. So the beat goes on. Oh my god. Look at these guys. They're now they can come in here now. They look harmless to me. They don't look like ax murders anything like that. They can come on the one dust. Which one is that is that the AJ they look like the ax murder. How you doing the back street boys. Really now AJ is the one with the tattoos. That. That uh, you're AJ and this is Kevin. See it now. It's a mirror. Did they know who do you guys were upstairs at power 96. They didn't know who you were, but like individually they knew you were. Oh, you haven't been on there yet. Well, they don't have any idea who you guys are. I mean, I got this mic. That's a mic that made even work Kevin. And where's the rest of the guys were nicken brine and the gods and the school hazard. Yeah, stairs getting ready going there. Oh, they're going to go up there. Yeah. Well, that's great. That's that's a good stuff. Now I want to actually one thing because you know, you notice this I'm not some novice with you guys. Okay. I mean, just because an old aging sag doesn't mean that. Well, what's wrong with that? I mean, we can't all be perfect. But when I was in Amsterdam, I bought you out because I saw you guys videos, but these guys, how come you guys are big all over the world first and then you're like marketing here. What's what is there that by accident is that like on purpose. I guess this is destiny and just sort of happened that way. So what do you got? Now what's the new single going to be? Uh, next. She's back. Well, that's going to be the single. Yeah. I was at a change because when you want much music, I thought there was another let's see, which ones on here are singles? I'll never break your heart was that a single. That's in Europe. Now I can't handle this because I'm like, well, you're a somewhere in Europe. US album. Yeah. Is a compilation of some of the hits and sing is basically all the all the singles off of the first year of P&L. We put on the first US album with a couple of new tracks. That's basically with US album. So the next single here in the US will be back streets back and then after that it'll either be. We feel like we have three more possible singles off the US album that we can go with. So on the live. Now where were you guys? You see, he went over to England and did the album over there and we're also in the P&L. We've been all over the world. The only place we haven't been yet is South America, but basically we've called. What do you got to explain? That's why it came down here. Well, that's funny. Before you announced it in? Yeah, you were. Yeah. That's a great city. And what is it that you like, Amsterdam? Definitely. Now you have to keep that you have to keep a long leash on these guys. Oh, no. That's what everybody wonders because you know, you read the liner notes and it's very religious upbringing and background. You know, talking with heath and bastard like me. But we don't, I mean, we don't claim to be perfect. But. No. Now what does that mean? You don't claim to be perfect. Like leaving a little door open there for some of these screaming. We're not trying to preach anybody that we're perfect because we make mistakes just like everybody else. But we, you know, we, that's our background. That's our upbringing. That's the way our parents brought us up. No, what does that mean? I mean, the school I'm little on the side. What is that? What is that? They're to make their parents proud. Let's still have a... Try that. We try. We try. We never, let's try not to do anything that would, you know, embarrass our families. You know, it's just trying to make mom. In other words, you don't want to emulate Frank here for you. You don't want to, well. You're not going to let us put that on. Try that. We put that on. So, but you guys are running around all over the world. Amsterdam, all these heat in places, Toronto. And there's all these screaming girls. How long are you going to get? How long is your mom's back in Orlando? Right. That's a mom-man sedan in the red light district. She would probably think it was the gates of hell. Yeah. You know, I kind of thought it was the gates of heaven myself. And I think you guys might agree based on how kind of you are. When we were there, our first night there, our record company, the guy from the... The rep from the record company took us for a walk down the red light district. And we were just receding to believe it. Yeah. Oh my gosh. But Europe is different though. You like you say Toronto was a great city. Toronto is different from this country too. I think Europe is just more laid back about things. And that is conservative on the area. I think the teenagers get responsibility at a lot younger age. I think that sex education is a lot better in Europe. I think they give their teens more responsibility at a very early age. They're not in mature and juvenile, like we are in our age. I mean, they travel all over Europe on the trains. But the young people are very, very mature there. Well, you guys are really kicking ass and I appreciate your coming down. So the other guys are going to hang upstairs and pop. And the kind of concert by the way is, you can bring them down here. Of course, everybody's after Nick. Everybody knows... Is he because... Why don't you guys get him to die as here like dark. So he doesn't stand off so much. Well, seriously, because obviously because he's the one blonde guy in the group, there's five guys. And he like stands out and everybody's screaming there's Nick because he's blonde. So I think we just didn't die the hair you might do. That might do the job. And it's going to be great concert. I guarantee you that. In fact, I'm going to give away a couple of my friends. I'm going to come. I was going to come, but I thought that's going to be kind of embarrassing. You know, with all those little... A lot of big girls. We have... We have... No, really, we have people from all ages all walks of life. A lot of old times. A lot of other facts that go to see is that we said George, that we said George, he was supposed to fit. Actually, I said old facts. Old facts, like me. He then said X. Well, there are some facts. What's wrong with that? You're not at a date. Huh? There you go. I rest my case. I might actually show up now if you're like less than half a day. I want to see what you think. So you can tell your viewers. Okay, don't be a piece of one. So you can tell your viewers. Yeah. Your viewers. Your listeners tomorrow. What I thought of the show? I thought of the show. I thought of the show. Did you think of it? There he is. I thought you were about to get this and power now. That's what I'm thinking. You're probably telling your music. You know, just as a pop show, in a large music station. Well, thanks a lot, guys. Thank you. And continue to look. And I'll show up tonight. I will. I'm going to do this. We'll be listening. Excellent. Okay, thanks. Thanks a lot, guys. All right. Okay. They are backstreet boys. They're hot in the pistol guys. I'm going to go in the foil. But I can't. Get me a stick of foreign aeroplane. Dr. Garn, the wheel of fortune game. I just got to win. Spin the wheel again. Oh, vana. Big meal, letter. Thanks, rock. What do you mean, vank? I don't see how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to look at that day. Dr. Garn. Won't throw in the tower. Still live by your powers. Oh, vana. Big meal, letter. Hey, man. What do you mean? There's no heaven ball. Vana, sit me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream of all two. Hey, vana. I don't know all over Santa. Why? Vana. I don't understand why you make a hundred grand. Not for me to play. Anyway. Get me a stick of foreign aeroplane. Garn, the wheel of fortune game. I just got to win. Spin the wheel again. Oh, vana. Big meal, letter. Good work. Oh, vana. Look at it. Oh, vana. Hey, get out of my face. But. What's the way? Hey, there. How is that word? It's a low rider. Oh, vana. Oh, vana. Oh, vana. Get the letter. Then I'll take vana. Why? You beautiful, vana. You're a meek of later on game. That's me. If they get foreign aeroplane. All right. I'm on the wheel of fortune game. Yeah. I just love that sound. I'm in the border drown. Hey, vana. Big meal, letter. Lo's a turn. Hey, crack. Lo's dead. Vana. Big meal, letter. No one does it any better. I dream of all three. I'm not going to be more wrong. You won't lie. That is an over-hand. Vana. I don't need to serve. I'm wearing not your wear. I'm not going to be too late. Anyway. I don't hear how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to look at my stage. I can't get in. Won't throw in the towel. Still like by your powers. Oh, vana. Big meal, letter. Big vana. Big meal, letter. All right. I'm ready to be ready. FBD, FBD, FBD, and G again. I'm a FBD, FBD, and G again. I'm a FBD, FBD, FBD. FBD, FBD. That's your clever man. All right. I'll set the sofa on the blender. The microphone wears. The refrigerator. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. The bathroom. I mean. First of all, I know. Party lights on. The performance is... This is ready. the boss from other post in the hot in there. That's where the problem arises. It doesn't interface well with the traffic computer system. They were having problems over there at hot when a five with the DCS. Well like I said, let the commercial people deal with the audio of all, which is a piece of garbage and we'll take our DCS here. Thank you very much. I'm just blown away. It's great. By the way, that's just I hit it like a second early and thought, well, maybe it'll chop the other thing off with who cares. And it's just the music faded out there. And nobody's not answering to cares about this because on QA and there's the who hope for a moment with the use to that kind of sound from our car machine number five, which by the way if this company had any self respect which they don't, they would get rid of that thing. Now they would blow it up right on here. We'd have a party. That's my girl. Seriously, this year, year number one with this god forsaken company. That's my goal is to embarrass them. Because you know those studios upstairs on a second floor. I mean, even the US guild ever live long enough to see those on the, that I say upstairs on the second floor on the floor. Whatever the hell it is. But the bottom line is at least at least put something in there. So when somebody's commercials are playing on the air, the, oh, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, you know, somebody can understand what it is. So at least we pretend that we care about doing something for their 100 bucks or 200 bucks or 5000 bucks or whatever we're soaking out of a month particular day. Now that we had a good book, they're 10 grand. God, no, no shame whatsoever. These people are astonishing. And I'll give you another, this is a great one. I was halfway kidding with George when I came in this morning. I said, I'm kind of curious as to what they is going to be payday this. So we now George is on directed posit, which I am not. And I don't want to be on directed posit for reasons which, you know, I got my company and I write myself a check. It's a little more complicated. I want to have it in my hand and the check to and I said, what, what do you think about it? I bought a beat, but above and then Philos came down here. I find office manager. If you don't want to miss your balance. So it's, and in any rate that she came down, I said, anybody know what day is going to be paid day this week when we're getting our checks. And she said, well, let's see, the moon is in Uranus and the cow is on the backyard fence and, you know, and the tent and the 25th are technically supposed to be the paydays here at Beasley Reed Broadcasting. And I will say that they have been very early with the paycheck. Now some of the other checks a little on the slow side, but the pay checks have actually come early. But it's kind of like at their whim. In other words, whenever we got a few bucks in a bank, let's give them the check now and make sure it clears today. So like the 25th should be paid but the 25th is Sunday. So any place that I've ever worked in my life when the payday is on a weekend day, you always get your check the day before the weekend, which this case would be Friday the 20th. Payday should be on Friday, but then here's the best part, Philos says, well, if if the date comes on Saturday, then they pay on Friday. But if it's if it lands on Sunday, then they do it on Monday, which is a way of pushing it back just one more day. Can we postpone just one more day? We're going out and take a collection on a corner here. And I was very wrote. So anyway, the best read boys, do they? I guess the other three rubs there is Brian and the Nick and the howie. Rubs there's with the old man. I mean, if they think I'm old, wait till they see to go with the aluminum walker up there, 496 kid curry, my ass pops curry. How are you doing pops? I want you impressed by the fact they walked in here those two when I knew which she had the names in a whole day. I got pretty exciting. I think you're very hit for an old fact like me. Oh, they were good guys and I was a little bit nervous about that because I don't want to do a whole bunch of, you know, you read the liner notes in the albums and it's Jesus and God and this and Jesus, you know, and all I think they were saying like we were talking about Amsterdam. It's good God. That was good. Here's Pembroke Pine. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Our first call of the morning. Happy Wednesday, do you say? Happy Wednesday. Happy New Year. Happy Humper Day. Yes, sir. The cuba thing. Yes, sir. Have you noticed a lot of the family reunions going on on the news? Yeah. You know, the people at the street cuba and the rafs and they're all going back now. What's going to happen when the Pope leaves and captured a side's not to let all of these people back out? I think they'll be fed fairly well. Those Cuban prisons. Right three squares a day. Yeah, I mean, you see all these people and they're all going over there and meeting their family and, you know, to hi how you doing and I can't wait to get back to America. I don't think you're here. Let's go. We'll hold episode. It minimizes the insanity of the human races. We watch all these people carrying on and getting all emotional and swept up in this garbage. And I got CNN on here waiting for the moment when when his majesty is holding this his uh, Papa's a nilty. El Papa La Papa La Papa La Papa La Papa La Papa La Papa La Papa La Papa Mama La Papa La when he arrives there is that this is going to change something. And of course, it is absolutely not. And then we had the guy yesterday. People bend over backward to show respect that I have no idea why because these people are the cancer of the universe. These so called religious leaders and the Pope especially preaching this anti-human this hateful crap which the evatic it has been doing since its inception with all these crazy Pope's through the centuries. And oh, well, he's the Pope. You know, we can't say these things. Well, guess what I am. Yep. Well, you're the only one who speaks the truth. Exactly. And I'm closing. Yes, sir. So you're a cruise on douchebag dump this. Have a great. Hi. Here's a lady in four Latterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I heard you're giving away the best of what to get. Yeah. Can I have them? It all depends on job sucking around. Yeah. That didn't suck around to that. I mean, it was just so we came right out and just deplored it. You know, are you how old are you? 16. 16. Are you in school today? Oh, you have a man. Oh, you have exams. So you're not in school. Nope. Where do you live? For a lot of no. And you're going to drive a while. We're not really that far. You're going to drive down here and pick them up. Oh, my guess so. You got him George. And you're going to go. Now, I'm not going to get him. I'm not going to, you know, put this down. Have you talked to George? And then you're going to leave these tickets in here, right? Right. You're going to take him. What's he trying to do? Okay. She's gone. Oh, that was the best. 22 years. It took me to get to that point. And finally, we finally hit the jackpot. Oh, like Fade Dentalway said, we hit the goddamn mother load. Isn't that what you said? Oh, my god. That was you better than that free loading lady. Oh, that was he wasn't even the same ballpark with this broad. 16 years old. What seats are there that best seats in the house? That's not really. Yeah. They're right in next lap. How does that close enough honey? Laptist. I cannot believe my ears, man. I thought that after all this time. Nothing would shock me. But that was the best. She started all as she was squealing like she was on the verge of a major squirt for an accident. The back door boy. She's like on the way to San Jose. Oh, wow. Well, what seats are they? Well, I guess you don't have any seats is what you don't have. Well, there's a good, there's a good seminar for all you people out there anytime that we have something to give away, which isn't too often. You want to tuck yourself out of it. That's a perfect way to do it. Well, I don't have something better than that. That's TV. Again, it's pretty crappy. Can I exchange it for something else? Oh, God. Honey, you made my day and my week. I thought this was going to be a desperate day, but no matter what happens from now to a clock, that just made my day in my life. I don't know which I enjoyed more. See an AJ and Kevin in here this morning. Where the hell was Nick and Brian and how we for Christ's shakes? I see. Yeah, they took Nick and how we upstairs. They took the best looking guys up there. That's all right. That's okay. I'll get to meet them at the concert tonight. The guy said, come and see me at six o'clock. Come back stage and we'll do a little number back there. I don't know what number he was thinking about. I know which one I was thinking. So again, what? So I'll show you. I think it was the number that comes after 68. A killman call. I'll tell you the thing was in yesterday's always in yesterday's paper. Danle bastard. It will fill us with them because she loves OJ. She's got pictures all over the wall. I'll fill us. What are we going to do with you, sweetheart? How about the bottom of me for starters? But anyway, yeah, no, I know. I'm not going to get started. I need to be suspended for two weeks. So where's the where's the paper? What are you laughing about? Oh, you do have the paper. Yeah, I know that whole story feels you're not fooling me about Hank. Yeah, you want to hear the real story about Hank? What do you mean it's not in there? No, here it is. It's right here. What is wrong with you, man? I think that Pope's trip to Cuba is putting too much pressure on Joe Brand. When she brought us down, is that yesterday's? This is Tuesday. This is yesterday's. That's what you brought you. Okay. But this is it. Thank you, Paul. It's even though you're screwed up. Where's the story? Oh, oh my god. Oh my god. Simpson seems more famous than infamous. Danila Bastard with a picture and he's O.J. got that smile at his voice like you know, is, you know, what time of day it is and a club in his hand? He's used to having a big club in his hand. Like him or not, Simpson can hypnotize you when he talks. He says, look, I've been in a bathroom alone with Fred Goldman. He thinks I murdered his son. Maybe if I was an issue, that's it. The same thing as he said about me. He's been a band in a bathroom alone with Fred Goldman. What's all this happening? What's all where they do it in there? It's court court. Oh, there you go. Another real story is coming off. Danila Bastard sucking around. Just another. There's so many suckles. What did I tell you a month ago? I'm so tired of suckles. I'm tired of ass kisses, man. The guy is a cold blooded murderer who was job big piece of crap before that. Who is nothing but a dumb ex-joc. But when you're dealing with these guys who write these Joc columns, man, they're in such, you know, I started out the show this morning, which there was no comment about, of course, is usual about all these guy, then guys being arrested again, mostly at the Dolphin. And of course, Weber of Chris Weber of the Wizards, which their other name wasn't good enough for him. So now I'll be said they're the Wizards. And Sean Burks got to pay for beaten up his wife and we got who's a consocco for the Horan Rath time. He'll beat up his first wife and is now beat up his second wife. And on and on it goes. And those of you who have got this mindless admiration for these idiotic Jocs for these overpaid morons, it makes me puke. Including the animal bastard. Thank you very much sir for bringing that to my attention. So we once again can point out to the public that they heard as a piece of garbage. Anyway, so I'm reading during the last break, I read this entire column and I'm going to tell you right now, I wouldn't waste the time number one or what I dignified as miserable idiot by reading this animal, a bastard column from yesterday's hero. I wouldn't do it for all the money in the world. I'm just going to tell you something, if you're one of those people that feels uncomfortable, if you want to puke, but you don't want to stick your finger down your throat. Just read this. I guarantee you will be heaving for hours. Oh my god, it's like the princess die. She can set a stick at her finger down there. She could use this. Just kept reading it every day and she would have accomplished the same thing. I have never read such swirl, such obfuscation of the obvious of the fact is this piece of direct as they try to humanize the subhuman piece of garbage called O.J. Daniela Bastier. I hang your head in shame and I just can't wait for letters to start pouring into the harrow about that piece of dirt. And if you have written one, even if you didn't read it right, I'm going to let her anyway tell me he's an asshole. Daniela Bastier at the harrow. What a bunch of garbage. Yeah, he sure is a good con artist. Yeah. This speaker, this vice president, members of the 105th Congress, this thing was guess. I thought of Americans. I have it in comprehensively large, too. Thank you. So what if he did that bang Paula Jones or what if he did bang a Jennifer flower? Don't you remember when he was on with who was he on with that? Before I got elected the first time with him on 60 minutes and he and Hillary came on and they did the interview in the estate had these verital problems and he was screwing around and but I'm being and but I'm going to whatever was going on and he's still got elected. Nobody cares. He's still survived the direction of the election. Nobody cares. Nobody cares. Thanks Paula. He just pulled it out. How do you know that? Are you watching this thing? They have a, and they're saying he pulled it out. Mike, he's a crazy. We're doing white house books and Mike McCree just came on a front of the whole press score and said he didn't bang or but he pulled it out. How do you like that? And I'm going to tell you something anybody there would even even think sexual thoughts with that bitch in the same building. She is if I were still inclined, which I'm not no matter what you look like, but I got news for you. There are few human be there, few living beings of any kind, even a meabas would go at the opposite direction if they saw Paula Jones. She is one of the most meest looking people even Edmise look better than her. Okay. That's how bad she looks. Oh my God. She looks, she is so grow test. I have seen penises that look better than her nose although very similar and much more appealing. Yes. President Clinton is about your destination in a rare, even in Newsponferenced, the White House who is anticipating questions about white water. Ladies and gentlemen, the President of United States. Good evening ladies and gentlemen. What's your question? Yes, sir in the bus. Oh yeah, I don't know if it's relevant but I got another underwear question. I think it is highly well. Oh cool, cool. Could you show us your underwear? Could I do it? Yes, I could. So those are great glomethart bowl weakles. Has Janet Reno seen those? I have asked Janet me know what to look at. That's great. Well thanks for the show. Thank you for asking. Good can't keep a packer in his hand. I want it to jump and go. Even though I like Hillary, there's things that I actually want to do for me. The hot com followers flow into whistle sun. Do you want to do that in anyone? I wish you drop the charts and black. I drop my charts at Facebook night. Here we go. Paula Jones and me. Welcome to the climate controversy. You know we better hide the work for the site. I try to get us to work through late. All the jobs and me trying to get 700 brands of me. And I'll thank you for those strange irony because now she's trying to bring me to my knees. So anybody else take it up and office pool is to which day Al Gore becomes president. Hey, now which day do you think? Five days, ten days, let's do that. Better than vet. I'm a super bowl. Here's Boone that whom I did not see last night. Before I say anything about Woody Graber and what an asshole he is. Yes, we are. Were you there? It was wonderful. It was pouring rain. It was wonderful. Yep. You must be off your rockers. It was crazy. It was fun seeing them all jump up and down and go crazy over a couple of boys. But Nick is cute. How where were you sitting? About 10 rows back on the left hand side of the stage. 10 rows great. Wait wait a minute. 10 rows back from what? From the front from the stage. Do you or 10 rows back from the stage? It's awesome. So the one thing you thought it was great. You didn't get soaked? No. Oh my god. No, we were underneath that pervillian. Awesome. Do you know something? I am going to I'm not a violin person. I'm going to go out here on 440 won get a lot of gunshots. I'm going to buy some kind of a weapon. Right. No, no, no. What do you grab? Are you better run for your life sweetheart? Because it's all over. No, we were sitting behind the sound pit. You know where that is? In the box right behind the sound pit where all the sound equipment is? Yeah. Like about 400 rows behind you. Like about a half a mile away. Oh no. Oh yes. And of course when you're sitting back there. I was looking for you. When you're sitting back there all the when it when it when gets roots was like the hole or two hours is blowing all the rain in and of course it's coming on everybody and then it also because it's slanted. The back section is slanted downward. Right. The rain that's coming and now starts forming a lake that runs and stops right at our feet. There was like sitting in Canada. Well, I thought I was back home again. Oh no, no. We didn't get one at all. It's made you. You didn't get wet at all. Isn't that nice Bernadette? Thank you Neil. You're wonderful. You're so welcome. Have a great day. Bye bye. I wondered why it didn't see her because she had the good seats. Woody Graber gives me his seats and why didn't Woody Graber or one of you very helpful people out there bothered telling me yesterday we get 450 calls with directions. Oh, here's how you get to this coral sky amphitheater. Nobody bothered telling me that this is this thing is a joke at least take a jacket. Maybe you know a an umbrella. Maybe a poncho. Maybe all three of the above. This thing is is open as a Kathy Willis. It's as open as Monica Lewinsky. Who? That's right Monica. That's your moniker. The coral sky amphitheater. So if they paid me a thousand dollars to go there again, I wouldn't even think about it. And now I'm hearing somebody called in yesterday. Oh, I aerosmith. There was really great. The acoustics are great. Of course, there was a 45 minute warm-up show. Let me just tell you this. The backstreet boys were at the Skydel and Toronto. They were made believe gardens in Toronto. They performed at the biggest facilities all over the world. They come to the coral sky amphitheater. Aerosmith comes to the coral sky amphitheater. Doesn't it rain like 70% of the days in the year and maybe more than that in Florida isn't there and especially lately with everything that's going on. A chance that you're going to get soaked. Now all those young hysterical girls there, they didn't care because they were already wet when they came in. I but believe me, soaked. Those hormones were made no difference. The one sitting way in the back, pneumonia city, they don't care. And the show is great. Kids were great. They do a great job. They put on a tremendous show. The acoustics in aerogray. But what kind of an ethink places that coral sky amphitheater? I wouldn't take my dogs there. You know, I think about these assholes that go to outdoor concerts. It reminds me the last playoff game that really sticks in my mind that I went to with the Dolphin San Diego again a few years ago when it poured cats and dogs the entire game. And the third quarter, somebody finally passes me back about a $2 punch. And of course, I'm sitting there and at that point I just gave up. I figured in the morning of city and I haven't got a scratch in my throat for some miracle. Just like today, I have no idea how I didn't even get a scratch in my throat either because the rain, the wind is just mulling all of this rain in there like all over your head. Now the lake is forming at your feet. And after they did the last song before the encore, I said, okay, let's get out of here. We make a run forward. Got about halfway toward the back because you can't go up the front way. Oh, no, you can't get through there. You got to go all the way to the back and around all the seating to the parking lot out there in the middle of the pasture. If I go into the buffalo, buffalo raceway, the hamburger fair and hamburger New York. It's a cow pasture, which is nothing wrong with the county fair. I mean, that's fine. Everybody likes pigs and chickens and they're plenty of pigs there. I would say there was like 90% teenage girls there. There was about 5% guide and then there was a few Queens. And so when I finally, there's this 15 minute intermission between his waist of time, 45 minute warm up backs and when the basket boys come out. So now I figured, well, I gotta go take a leak. This is a great time. So I go back there and I'm walking up and of course, now the rain is coming and I get to the back of the thing and I start walking away and I hear some, oh, I just can't wait to see those five beautiful birds. Some queen, but some screamer back there. Some screaming queen. And at that point, I wish I would have had like a poncho just to put over my head and shame. Like, what is this bag of doing here, okay? I mean, let's put you up just a little bit sweetheart. Oh, I just can't wait to see those five beautiful birds. And finally, Nick won't be 18 for three more days, okay? So put it away, sweetie. It's the van to two hours. Hi, very. Bye treatment. Yeah. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. Music is a bad, bad, bad. Do you want to be surprised? I'm a little bit sick of you. You can't lose me. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. You'll know that you're safe. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. Why'm you nervous? I want to come back? You've Crisis Save All light Now I'm the eternal  Okay, here. No, don't start eating before we release good on the air. Our gold thing is here Mr. Poor no. This is I eat. I can't have sex with the radio. I just want to eat. They can't eat. They can't eat. I can't. I still have a cup of coffee. I don't eat it. He needs a goddamn microphone now. I'll put some. I'll put some apostasaw Center first. Yes, I have an appointment. Your name is here from PizzaLaw. I want your business. Yes, I want your apartment in Amsterdam. Now you're popping up. Can you, you would think with your experience. You'd be able to work something fairly like that. A little bit better. You're just confusing me with this signal. I'll look at Stristine. That's okay. Can you hear me? I'm up. You're okay. Okay. For apartment in Amsterdam. Which I love. I'll be the third one. What are you doing Sam? No, I'll look. What are you just saying? What are you doing here? Get out of here. Put that thing back. And he's faking with our microphone. He's going to put that down. Put it up in the car. Oh my God. I agree with everything you said about clips. Here, let me, let me get up and handle this thing. Here, let me turn this shut up a minute. No, no, get up to me. Here, please. I'm begging you. Just quickly. Here, this slide it in. Anybody knows how to slide it in here. No, okay. Can you hear me? I want you to say, you know, I live with Rose my people. No, you know you got to. Okay. Can you hear me now? In the middle of the house. You're like the guy with a bagpipes for Christ. Can you hear me, George? Come on. What is this? Is this a lightbow? I had the best way going on here to me yesterday and you couldn't hear them either. This is the kind of crap that's weapon they give us to work with. I got an important high paid Jew, a pornographic get it's a radio check. 990. Exactly. See, if you tell like even the side was for you, it should be easy. I'm like motionless. I should be easy. Like a Jew having like a rock. Like a big rock. If this could be a hand in your Jewish woman having sex motionless. Right. Speaking of Jewish women, I put it up the shade of lotion on. Shave. She wants no if you want to do it. I said no, you like your men younger. And you don't like a man who's really like, you know, well hung like me. You're, you're, you're, you're, you're gonna be hung. Yeah. You got, you had, you, I think it married. I'm, I'm also four. You didn't until I thought you were going to love one. You didn't even know who Peter North was until I had the wife. I got drunk, you know. Okay. From the, I got in a war, lifetime achievement. This is to you. All the categories, gay, straight by. Oh, it's one of the, let me interrupt you on something. You know, I was reading because I'm trying to think of something good to say about you. You'd be said you need a lot. No, it is not hard at all. But I was reading one of the eight million books I read on the planes. I wish to, I could remember which one it was. It was about the, the media and the gaze. And it was about it. It really stone wall days and about how you and school magazine with the first ones that came out. And like, how about that? If you want to have the first two. So now, may put a lot in screw magazine. A lot of homophobic stuff in there. But he really loves baggage. I'm, I'm bisexual. I've done a few guys. I don't mind. Not Peter Norris. No, I'm a guy. I've got a handle that. So big. Look at those categories. So I got a lifetime achievement. You know, like you first. Plus you'd have to scum, I mean, just everybody has to scatter like, you know, several yards away. It's true. Peter Norris. It's true. You don't, he could have the life thoughts we'd heart. I know you're really hot for Ron Charming and Randy West. Yeah. Oh, right. This must be the, this must be the new Al-Golfstein diet. To lose your appetite in the middle of the meal, to step bring up the schmuggiest and most disgusting Ron Jeremy. He's my dear friend, but he's a jerk. Would you, I'm the right. You know, Harry Tuesday. These are mostly ugly and hairy. Except for Robbie Benson, right? So that's why they have to do this. Secretaries and give hookas money. We always pay our women. And what timing to what about Clinton with all these ugly bitches? Do you know why? I would rather. I would rather Clinton was doing the Pope. Right. At least that would be interesting. Probably the Pope wishes it too. Because he looks like he's very close to the end, if you know what I'm saying. But I wanted to keep that book because it's all the categories. And I'm a best costume with a porn film. It's amazing. And I got in the woods for the lifetime achievement for from my 19 arrests. You know, I've been fighting this battle. Yeah. I have for a long time. But it's a fact. How come they made a movie about Larry Flint? They haven't made a movie about you yet. I just like to walk. Oh, is that it? Wasn't shot. Well, I was, I was, I was worried about another week. I would say you'll solve that properly. This, this, this meal like get the movie made. I hope this could do it. You know, I know you're a cigar smoke. And then why? Because I, because you are a homosexual Jew. A Jew Fag. Yeah. I'm not going to give you this one. Carious cigar. And I'm giving you this one. You're busy. That's a good one. Well, I hope it's a circumstance. Yes. It is. And then you talk about the, you know, the operations. You know, some of the, you have to know, rest for the someplace. And when you put your cigar out, then I used to go off. Yeah. Oh, that's beautiful. It's got a spring in it. The whole day of cigar holder. It's Tina shape. Why really pinching shapes? It's color. It's. I haven't seen it. I'll, I've never seen a penis quite that color. I've seen many of them, but not quite that color. I guess I, this one's almost like technical. Maybe this is what Jim is penis looks like. I ran. He was always talking about it. He knows that was the most rate. I'm, yeah, this one is straight. And she, he is this curve. No, no, pains. You think my art department is someone down to painstus on. I mean, these are the time. If I could tell you what that, are you hearing him okay in there? No. No. No. No. You know what, this microphone is the biggest piece of crap. And I told you yesterday, I got Kevin from the back street boys and AJ. I mean, forget about it. He's off to the side. You can't hear them. And you wonder why the hell, we're going off the ear on this place. They got a question that I wouldn't wish. It's always by a microphone. It's always with a microphone. It's always with a microphone. Come on. Run to radio share. So I have these guys on the show. These kids yesterday who are hotter than a pistol. You probably never heard it on your two old. I heard the kids call me in for free ticket. But so in the liner notes under CD, in fact, like, well, I'm going to hear some more. It's Jesus this and I want to thank the Lord. But anyway, so what are they talking about yesterday? Because they've been the last year touring the world and about how great Europe is and how there's so much light years ahead and so much more enlightened. And they have so much better sex education. And the kids are so much more broad minded and how much they love Amsterdam and what a trip to red light district with. They go with the show. You take these repressed American glam like that. And you let them go around the world and see what the real world is all about. It's a miracle. Well, as I told you I took an appointment. I wish I could hear you. I'll be. What do they do? So I'm not ready for suicide yet. But Amsterdam, I'm at a coffee shop. I'm having a refill for $2. Moroccan hash smoking humans a dog and his sex action two blocks away. And you know that's a society that runs beautifully. The exams are on time. Every scene works. The haring in May is wonderful. There's not even long lines in McDonald's. Nothing. And then I'm feeling and we think we're free in America. I love it that the emergence. They, they, if it moves the of salad. So you welcome to my apartment. It's in the red light district which I know you'll hate the end. It's, it's the hustle. Hot area. That's what I want to be. I signed the lease in two weeks. Yeah. And a 1600 the older, it's about $8. And it's about $1. Yeah, it's peanuts. So long as the cheap to live there. Is that what you're telling me? No, but this place I found is great. Because I want, what is it like a two by four room in a year? Very tiny. One flight to work if you are a resident of Amsterdam. Oh, it's very tiny and you're going to walk up to flight. I'll be carried by Rose. So why don't you just bring me the key and you'll never be able to get in there. Carry me. If you are a resident of Amsterdam, you're allowed to growing eight joints. So I want to learn what to do with what the culture. I want to have a green son. I want to grow my own grass. Have Cuban cigars. And I want to ignore this American government nonsense. I hate our countries we have leaders like. So I say, I say, while we impetiate your Clinton, we ought to like make you present. I'd be good. No, be excellent. I'd be good. Then everybody could wear that t-shirt. This is if you I have enough friends. I love that. I've made this over to you many times. Midnight below is on C-band. If you ever want a D-sclam block, you just call me. I get to one for you. Yeah, but I might accidentally come across that one. I'm sure. But yeah, there's one year in. Oh, well, choice is three stations every minute. Yeah. So if Ronnie's on a Randy West is on switch to another station. You would say, I could say, just 300 hours. I gotta say this to you. The fact that Ron Jeremy has actually made money in the porn office. No, you know, you're laughing, but you know what I'm going to say. The fact that he it goes to show you the Jews are the best. Merchants in the universe because the fact that anybody would pay to see him doing anything. I mean, I'd pay him to put more clothes on. But the that's the reason because you're gay. Think of me as a straight man. I have a woman. I want some action. I want to say straight guys want to see Ron. No, they can. We want to see a guy with a human. The human to see Ron Jeremy. So they like us the only thing Ron Jeremy's got going for Mrs. double joining. Yes, and he's too fat now. What the hell was that? What the hell was that? You really have to learn your trade. Okay, let me do the break. This so helped me. God, this is so unbelievable. This place. This is easily broadcasting at its finest. So we can't even have a big 600 palm guy who doesn't even move around. But sit down in front of a microphone is the equipment here. I wouldn't wish on hangra camera. I wouldn't wish it on Wiod for crying out loud. That's how bad it is. Wiod. Oh, I hate that station. Get the money. You know, goldstein the perver of porn. The Jew porn man always always mentioned that. By the way, of course, not that the goldstein wouldn't give it away. But so, you know, these people are always talking about the Jews being the Proveurs of pornography and being the problem with Hollywood and with TV And all these rural anti-Semite. So good excuse. But the really rich ones on that choose Larry Flint. You have to know for a coach. I'm like a minor luminary. Small player. Small potatoes, as we say. So here's the noise you have served. Sir, you know. This year is our 30th anniversary. Yeah. I'm so sorry. I'm going to have a big planning to come back. Also, you're giving away cats in New York. It's a guaranteed free pussy for you. So they must be giving away cats. It's free. And here's an opportunity. And here's an opportunity. Have you ever done an Asian chick? Have you ever done an Asian wonderful? I've got an Asian man also. Very tiny. You know, if you go to a bodello in Bangkok, which apparently charge a white location more because we're, but this one more well hung. So I heard they charge you by the inch. Yeah, it's like two inches I pay for. So you got double on me. I'll tell you that. So I was asking that the other day about very this. I don't want to get too personal. Very tiny. And I'm trying to. No, but sir, I understand. But no minding time. No, but you know, something if you lost 600 pounds, you'd find it. Find the next or enter. Okay. In the James Fine movie, there's a great line. James wants to say that I am a cunning linguist. Yeah. That's why I'm a cunning linguist. I'm a technic. So I wasn't. Or you can't read the things that would make this? Are you And if the two Jewish wives and the Jewish fianes say I have. But you're not married? Absolutely, but I don't want to. Genes is a lawyer. I want to just, sh- how many are you doing with you married? You were children. You actually having sex with us. I'm not a mom, you're too versatile. Yeah, so I want every two months. I think tomorrow's something to this. Every two months, like a major workout. How about you when you're training for it? I do tongue, tongue and some robots. I don't shake you. But you're not having intercourse. I don't believe in individuals. I'm fat. I know it. What did I tell you yesterday? I know it. I know it. I know it. I feel so much better about life in general. I don't want to make it a personal thing. I'm trying to embarrass you and losing some weight. I did it once before. You talk about you. I know. You're human there for a while. I meant it's large. I mean, we saw it. Thank God, we least got the Pope to pick on. We saw him here today. The death watch is on big time and by the second. By the second, he's not looking to be in two. Yeah. He has a factory around the Pope. I've done him. He has a few. He has a fat rear end. He has a fat rear end. He's a fake boy. He's a fake boy. Right, and in Cuba, man. Yeah. Because all the Cubans are got the... Why is it so proud that the effect lies? I mean, if I was fat, if somebody's Spanish women would have liquidated with their short pants, I would cover up. I mean, if you're big and fat, at least you're smart enough to get rid of the usual. But I'm glad that you did. Moon George before you came on here. I was the most disgusting thing I've ever seen in my life. You know, he could have arrested. I got a little bone. I'm going to kill him. He had a wreck all right. In fact, anybody that saw your moon would have a wreck. His wife Crystal happens to love my moon. This, you really? I bet it's a cock alone. Yeah, wouldn't be surprised. So what are we going to do about your wife? How did you lose the weight of the life? I went to North Carolina, in the place called... The right guy? Yeah, like that. That's not. Then I discovered a biscuit film. So I tried it. And my mom said, don't you know, the blue-shownie biscuits? Uh, the tasty. Yeah. You don't like anything in the state? You don't like anything in the state? You don't like anything in the state? No. What's your business food? Ice cream? Ice cream. Ben and Jerry's. You see, you know, Neil, Neil, Neil, have you ever had a... I've been looking for him. How do you... No. I swear to God, a pint of that will say you off on a binge, the likes of which. I'm telling you, it's like real, real, real, super dark chocolate loaded with whipped cream and marshmallows and big chunks of chocolate. It's like Rocky Road only two times. Yeah, get out of here with it. What's the thing? And I do that fat so that's what I think. Okay, well, we... See, that's the problem. Bad people like the beef. What's wrong with eating? No. We could just lose the goddamn weight we like to eat. We appreciate food. What's that hobby, mumbi? Flavio? Puppy Bobby, that's what old Jews you are. They sell out of great material village. I'm a friend of the food review, his name is Bill Fox. Big fat guy, always on the thigh, but he gets fat of it. I went to play the West Palm Beach, because he had a... No, I didn't like that last breath I heard. Yeah. Like that. Well, I was gonna chew my chewing gum. Yeah, I did like the last breath. But for two hours, we never once talked about sex, for giant penises. How boring. What about food? Boring? You would love to. Did you want to talk about sex? Food's far more interesting. No. More diverse. Being the difference being that you can only have sex for so long. You can eat for a lot more. You can eat forever. Yeah. Now, in your case, it sounds like you can do both. All the pain. You're like the petting on what you're eating, yeah. During a meal. I can turn to a barf, big, for a web, go back to the buffet table. Sex, what can I do? I'm not that user-splinter. I can't do it again. That's a great buffet. What's your favorite buffet? Let's talk food. Good to have a wife. I know that's so good. Pretty good. Pretty good. The fact that I eat that with you don't want to lose weight is what you said. You're happy being. I look a full. Even though you know you're going to kill you. I've had a die for five years. You just got your tell me before you came on here that you did the Fent Fenton. Yeah. And then you've got a bad valve. Yes. You're there for two weeks. You've already got a bad valve in your heart. Right. Nice. You're going to stay fat. Yeah. How many people buy diet at a buffet table? Neal. People die in break legs and shims. Show me someone with a risk grain at a buffet table. I don't know. I have a friend in LA who takes 150 pills. I said you're going to be jogging on the side of the road and the truck is going to run you over. But you're not ready. You're not old enough for a safety buffet. No. You're some nice buffet. You're some nice buffet. Oh, remember my spag is I went to the hotel you hated. Not real. You went for the real sweet. Yeah. Oh, it was good. 85 that lunch. 9 food stations. You can't. I don't. The food was great. I was there for two hours eating. And then I had my friend Tenantella join us. My friend friend's plural. How's Alex Benett doing? I am in Spain with the Allison when he was five years old. Was he really working in? Alex Benett was fired. Oh, what a piece of bad news. What for lack of talent? I thought he just figured out there. I thought that was the one. I always heard he was number one. Yeah. I went to my friend's place. I thought he worked with us. I thought he was number one. And number two. I went to my friend's place. Alex Benett took a shot. So yourself a favor. Well, you're a pal. Yeah. I took it's highly of your friend's change. Yeah. He called me three three years ago. I wanted to talk to you. I would have thought by now you would have had a tummy tuck and your face read done and your eyeballs read. That that's his whole stick now. He said. I know. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. That's all I want. No. Food for recipes good food desserts. That's where it's all found. So it's the table Avenue. I'm falling into the York. I hope you'll trade your talent in the York for the 30th anniversary party. I have been in New York in the New York. I think New York is too sterile now for me. The food is good. You're going to Disney. You'll visit the Disney people for the sake of straight. Then we'll show you sleeves in the meat market. Well, we have a woman who strips it with an otcher. He shoots arrows and he strips a clothing off. Now we're going to throw a lecture in money name for her head. So we'll have entertainment value. But New York must be boring now though. The mayor cleaned up the whole goddamn time square. Who now wants to go to for the board? No, you haven't. But there's not a lean those great foods. Yeah. It's not where. No, no, no. Here. There's one here. No, no, no. There's one here. There's one here. The one in New York and third street. Yeah. Great Italian, Casa Bella, little Italy. You come to New York for three days with me off. I've a better idea. You'll come to Rome with the me. No, let's go to Amsterdam together. What are you all doing? Jesus. Food and Amsterdam. The worst. You better be in training. You're ready for a lot of sex because the food there either. The texture drugs are both because the food there. I ate and I told the son here. I ate most of my meals and McDonald's. I was doing the ad can be to. I threw away the buns. I would stand and they don't even look at you. You know, like an Amsterdam. Nobody cares what you're doing or you know. And so you throw away the bun. You're standing with a wax paper around the meat. And you just got meat in your mouth. Which you do a lot. And anyway. And that was it. That was the highlight was eating the McDonald's. Which anywhere else in the world I would never go near there. But that's good as it gets an Amsterdam. The mediocre food. Not in the meat and plates and the food's boring. We would bring those food. And what's trying is food. Man, I'm going to tell you something. Stay away unless you want to grow test camera. I don't want to say this in the middle of your mouth full of food. I'll own your case. I want to gain their food. But that's three and a half months. I suffered until I finally got rid of the hemorrhates from eating Chinese food in Amsterdam. They put enough pepper and enough spices and enough MSG. It's on book because they figure everybody's stone anyway. They want all the difference. But I'm thrilled you love it because it's a great country. It is. Have you been out of the park like a Utrecht or the hope? The hope? I would say. I would say. I would say. Yeah. I remember the mayor of New York. He's a mayor of New York. And how was it? It's boring. But a friend of mine has a dungeon there. And he put my friend in Dennis Hopelons, who was in the water. And beat him up for two hours. And he had 12 orgasms in 31 minutes. Something with proctorology and stuff. We don't want to go into it. Two. Correct. You ate the only. For nougat for a supreme. I forget about the pornography. You're not in the bad. Eat or supreme. I told Dennis here. And eat just. What now? Did you really need to cereal? I know. I've went to another bar. I was at Costco yesterday. I love it. I got to honey Cheerios. It's Cheerios is good for you. So anybody out there that's not a diet. I'm sure that Allen. I really help you accomplish your goal. I think with you. Now, if you're going to offer yourself right away. Just last meal. I want you to to notify us when you're going to do this. We can get better publicity than the goddamn Pope. If I die on the air. So now let me see in the minute. Is this issue before? Is this pretty to Pope? Yeah. I didn't even do the Pope. You didn't do the Pope. You didn't do the Pope. You know, I didn't think of this. We're going to think that even the Pope of Greenwich Village. No, but you know, it is so boring. The politicians and the news is it's. They're all they talk about is Miami and the fascist Cubans who left. These George is a liberal, but I hate. I hate these ex-patriots who have left for Dell and then none of them ever defend Patista. They want to benefit Dell except for Patism. And all they want is their property back. They ripped off everyone else at the point of Patista 90% of the country was a literate. Why would they rip it? They were buddies with Patism. That's right. Because he was a little fan. There's in crime. I mean, they are the ultimate who was the Cuban community. I believe that. And if they roll this to go off on me, I understand that they put a castail in it. But they are gross people. And I mean, they blow up museums. They're anti-freedom. And then of course, Clinton being the pimpediest. I mean, I can't believe we're anti-cuba. China's all right. Vietnam, we had a war with. And now we have an embassy. We are at this pickable country. I mean, I really want more think. I'm going to live in Amsterdam permanently. But you know something about now like what happened in Copenhagen? Look at how the rest of the world is becoming more uptight and more like this country. And more sanitized. The whole world has become a sanitized. No. Purbreds like us are about a business. Yeah. But no, we don't have the Copenhagen. Did you worry about that? I would say I remember people that got in. I'm a very much talking about. Typically. Long before I ever went to Copenhagen, that was the capital of the country. That's right. That's right. And now it's like forget it. Like we had enough. We're not interested now. We go to Tivoli Gardens and we march around. It's a little boring. I mean, talk about boring. People are very nice. But in Florida and Florida has always been the worst. Close and worried about topless clubs and stuff. You know what I was like doing? All the old years of radio. And all the old years of being in front of this microphone. Have you ever found this following statement not to be true? The more moralistic the person is in public, the more of the hypocrite he is in private. Sure. And the more homophobic they are, the more likely it is. That's the point. He wants to do it. He's swag. And I mean, I know you don't like the issues. Whether it was Jimmy swag or a Jim Baker or my first arrest in Minio to the guy with a jail 3 years later. What about Keating? And then I don't know if you missed this. But today's a look for somebody dish. I either saw extra or inside addition. There was a guy on TV, six months ago, a cop who would list in the names of John's or busted. He just got busted or corruption. Good. It doesn't have to always happen. It never fails. That's the thing. I mean, you're right. They're taste. But he wants to worry about indecency on the internet selling 10th house at PX's that low life. I mean, I'd lose him for him. Because I just said another term. He's so self hating. But his sexual access is he doesn't want to have any of us have any fun. But he was all the ugly women from self. I really do hate. But you do know the day is going to come. Maybe we won't let the city. But the day will come. And if somebody is going to have the balls to stand up and say, well, you just got through saying it will come eventually. I hope. And people say, well, wait a minute, you know something we don't care about these things. It's all about your bullcraft. It's a political clap trend. Because again, just go to the way. He cares how much he's screwing around. Nobody really cares if he had enough intelligence, not to be lying about it. Not to be covering it up. He's going to wind up with the same thing that Nixon wound up. But you marked my words. It's going to be the same crap again. I can use your. I might say that what Amsterdam is I'm sure you picked a little bit. New York, Amsterdam. KLM 200 dollars round trip coach. You fly coach. Yeah. I tried to do great. Well, I'll go. Let's talk to animal rates. You fly coach. A big shot like I can't say. I can't. How do you spit that ass? I seriously. How do you fit that 600 pound ass into a coach seat? What do you get three seats? One for your wife? No, I say it's emergency row. I haven't done it yet. I did fly other airlines first class. This is the first time I'm doing coach. And I don't want to catch my mother. You're going to go in and cargo. There's no. There is no way. Still sticky. I got there. We got to put your luggage on. The following is only. Not a powerful but real tomorrow. I'm flying to LA. I'm going to be on friends on March 12 episode. There's some scene involving. And they're going to have me on camera. Really? March 12. Not naked. Oh, thank god. No, this week isn't big enough to show my age male member. So I want to issue about this work release program. You have for a Puerto Ricans and a Cubans. Rodriguez, when is this time up in your high is the next Spanish person? So what's your other three year employment contract? If his name is up next, when is going to be a lot better than this? Why do I have someone you can't beg? I mean, do you do them to you? Grease them off? I'm not the least but interested. Why is that? Think you've got a good point. Yeah. I mean, why don't you hire someone you can do? Yeah, that's a good idea. I don't need hire people. I want to have sex with. But when put question, please go to your commercial field. I bought, I'm a birthday. I paid for the GFU to adjust meal and this wife's meal. Now, where was this? A preschool hop, school to take the 12 dollars. But here's my question. How's the pancakes? No, no, no, no, no. Hop, this is cool. My question is, is this meal I have? Is this count as equal? I mean, it was as he reciprocated or have you reciprocated? I was going to take you out tonight, but you're going to the tracks. I'm going to take you out. You escape because are you searching for a new sensation in dining? If you're tired of that same old bump and grind, then why not revisit an old friend and eat it the why? That's right folks because here at the why, we've turned our old facility into a mouse-watering buffet. And you've never seen a friend like this one. Featuring some of the most delicious on trays you've ever tasted. And if you like eating Mexican, you'll look why because every night is hot though night. Or if you enjoy the taste of wild tea, our chefs prepare a little semifinal, eating soft-aid rabbit baked in a golden flower crust. That's right. There are pie. It's all here. It's literally mounds of piping hot food, including juicy steak cooked medium rare. Because when chewy at the why, all the beaded steak in the middle. Or if you like spicy food, here's an unusual hungry hot-teach and you'll think. Talk about a piece of ass that brings near-zero-zero eyes. It's lit second good to chew both of them in. Oh, the next time chewy it out, light on down to the why. Just eat it just north of Perti Highway up the Nizra 180. That's just like the local kids who live in the North-Session of the Morning, but you really aren't sure because you have no idea what it's like. That's right. I try to, but I thought you would have any operation. I thought you were like on a way to being one since you can't find your penis. But it's not completely teabed. I'm still in different harm moments. It's just slightly inverted at this point. It is. And actually it's bigger than George. I mean, I've heard of an ingrown toenail. I'm maybe in size. But if it's really ingrown, I could do myself. No, but I, every woman I've interviewed. I don't want to get wrong. She could say, I know you're giving up. I don't want to film someone. Yeah, and plus the dump goes off too, so don't. I mean, I'm pretty good. But every point of my act was in my interview, then for midnight below, my show of 22 years. I was at the who, who was better at connohing us. A man or woman. Everyone, never been an exception. Every woman is said, a woman. It's no surprise. And I'm always amazed that if my woman was with another woman, that's why I never turned on. Which one is the turn? But if I said, hey, maybe you want to see me with a man. She takes, oh, no, no, no, you're a faggot. So we really accept bisexuality and women we love it as men. But women don't like their men being gay. Because maybe I don't know. What you say, don't? The women I know. No, that's the atmosphere. A lot of unhappy women married to Cuban guys. But they had to work, right? So yeah, because it's Cuban men are very high-spotten and Italian men are almost all of them bisexual and of course the more they denied. Apparently, I'm not denied. They won't talk to you, right? But Cuban women will deny it vehemently. And the more they deny it, the more that means they are. Well, if you look in the pages of school, you'll see all those transvestites. And we call them chicks with dish, you know, pre-ops. 98 presented at my Spanish. Or either Puerto Rican or Cuban. So there must be a real real big in, say, or Paulo and real, right? In fact, that they say that's where the men are men and so are the women. That's funny. It's true, though. I have seen, when they have a sighting day at my office in the York City. And I see these extraordinarily beautiful women. And then they turn around and get nice. So I can't tell gender anymore. And when I was young, to me, a gay guy was a salmon and he walked his door. You know, now a gay guy, somebody who's... Only gay guys walked their door. Well, I thought that was a lot of facts in my neighborhood. I see all these people, all these married guys walking their dog. That's the tail tail sign. That's what I don't walk my dogs. How do you like that? Over the end. This was my theory in the 1950s. But now you know, I can be a quarter-bath of football player. All the stereotypes I've ever done on gay or straight have... Has dissipated. And I don't care how many hockey games you watch. How many times you see the guard's father? It doesn't make you much. You have the accutraments of a macho gun. What is macho? I hope it's a sports fan. All these... I hate sports. And I hate sports fans. We... This is good that you got in this. Because on this radio station being, you know, a sports fan. It's a... Yeah, it's a sports fan. They really believe. And there are times you'll hear somebody's guys, almost come right out and say, they believe that unless you're a real... I'm not talking about just a hockey fan like I am. I used to like how this sportsman had become boring. But unless you live in breed sports and love to gamble on it too. But you're a faggot. That is basically your real-panned. You're not a real man unless sports is your entire life. I feel that all the people who listen to this station, all these fans yelling and say, we won't... we won't. I think of TS Eliot's... the hollow men, the emphemines, can't I lie? We didn't win. If I could look at Ron John, the film having sex, think, we got laid. No, you can get laid. Ron Jeremy got laid. It's like, here you go. And wasn't a girl says. Yeah, it's like watching me at a buffet. We ate no eye ate. You moron, you saw me eating. I mean, despite here, you've been... That would be like this, gave you the next best idea for screw magazine. Maybe you already did it, but I got it. It's to out all the gay athletes. I mean, it hasn't been done. Of course not. I mean, as they hit the run, the edges, Troy, eight men, see, just... There's like 100,000. I say that most of them, I 98 percent, just to piss the people off. I just... I believe it. It just looks so cool. The guy's bent over. He's got his hands out of the other guy's crotch. Yeah, he's got his crotch. He's got his hands out of the other guy's crotch. Yeah. Double penitration. I've been asking for years. And they're like, by the way, what do we look here? When I didn't say crap. I don't say it anyway. I wouldn't say it. I wouldn't say it. But I haven't seen for years. The sports is the only endeavor in American life. We're a guy who, a young guy, who often pat another guy on the butt, right on the ass. Right on the ass. Kiss. Yeah. Kiss a lot. After they went to big grudging me out. But pat a guy on the ass. Yeah. Now, if a lawyer wins a big case, they'll go to the O.J. Trial. The Johnny Cochringalup and Pat F. Lee Bailey on his Big Fat ass. Of course not. Although, Jay, he grabbed his feet. He got his feet. He wanted to like to like that. I think there's something going on there. Yeah. But what is that? What is that thing in sports? Where does this tremendous, feely, touchy, uh, and ease these people, though, why a thing? As long as they don't think about it, you know, force them to think about it, then they're comfortable. Doesn't bother them. But as soon as they start thinking, well, I don't know. What is that? Then they become very new. They have to before 10 and after two, you're all a bunch of faggot. That was a thing. That's what I told them. Yeah. It's true. That's what I told them. Happy hot-handed. You know, people are going to watch a guy's going to grab each other. You know, naked. You're taking a shower. That's a gay club. You moron. You're in a fair club. You're looking for glory holes. That's what they should. They should. They might need to often bat house. Yeah. It's the advocate. It's the advertiser. Because it's out. You're a fangler. You're a fangler. You're a fangler. I mean, Neil and I, you know, maybe we've had a few down here and says, but we're real men. You are faggot. Amen. I have just tasted your snapper. No, no, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. Right, don't. So we were out on our first date after eating at the sexic cat-baby. We're driving in my car. Let one go and all the blue us both away. I have to be just a touch of cheese. That you turn around. You look at me, you take girl. I'm not a part of you. Girl, don't. I'm a part of you, girl, don't. But I do. The older girl, the aint in the light, both in and in my hair. And so I don't love when it goes down, so I must get somewhere. And it's the light of the night is there. You're the girl, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. Girl, don't, don't, don't, don't. You got my jelly, the girl, don't, don't, don't. But I do. I heard another deadly sport. And I held my nose and covered it with my shirt. I threw around to get her back. It took a matter of time before another attack. So I have to see the go-k. The girl's got a touch of cheese. Girl, don't, don't, don't. Sis, she's just a boutique. That's probably just a boutique. Girl, don't, don't, don't. Her birthday girl's got a key that put a tone on her nose. And he's got the key that put a tone on her nose. But I do. Okay. What I do is I. I'll tell you. Okay. The reason I played that right there is George during the previous break was Hacomia Trenic as it was leafing through pouring through these a box of the videos near some of these anal oriented ones and I said having had hemorrhoids for three and a half months, I'm not interested in hearing or looking or thinking about any of these anal invasions, okay? Remember that first there was a British invasion and then we had the anal invasion. And then he goes into this big song that it's about how women's rectum are so much more cleaner and the painter and more lovely and hygienic. What? I can only imagine. Yeah, okay. Yeah, you can only imagine. Get out of here. You can't compare. You work in real life. I've never seen a mirror down there. Asces then the card is got liver pills. Well, I saw algae yesterday. Well, you've got a standard to go by. I guess you got a point now. Oh, sorry. Oh my god. The thought of the right at the right before lunchtime, too. And he's told me about algalstein. And he's a nice chief man. Oh man, talk about heaving, gigantic mounds. Anyway, Jeff Gordon, NASCAR driver three days ago, how come we want to get this now? This was in the paper on Tuesday and I missed it. Must have been mighty important. And an announcement that some insider say is not really a big surprise. NASCAR defending champion Jeff Gordon this week came out of the closet with the proclamation that he is proud to be gay. Speak at a lunch and gather in a bit light a hairstyle list. He made the proclamation. I'm still the same person. I've always made a big effort to get really close with these guys. That's not going to change. Yeah, but he has. Especially that French. What's that French race car driver? You know it. Jacques Villanouva is that his name? Come on, George. You got to know something. Huh? Yeah, out of here. You probably want to get close to him. However, some of Gordon's competitors do not share his optimism. I figured that NASCAR fans will drop him like last week's fish in bait. So seven time Winston Cup champion Dale Earnhardt. He'll probably have to go to Formula 1 racing to be accepted. This is a bubble crowd. The only damn thing they want home. Is their milk. Pinsky driver Rusty Wallace was a bit more to the point. I'll run over any little some bitch that rather suckish wants than a siphon hose. How do you like that? Huh? That's Rusty Wallace who said that. Maybe he's kind of George. Wallace. And then I got this facts from a mic. Now can you think this is for real? I'm not going to read his last name on here because I'm too embarrassed for it all way in the titan. I mean, stench. But anyway, this is what can I do with you? Why do you continue to bash the Catholic religion in the Pope? You say you bash all religions, but I never hear you talk about any others. Do you fear what you don't understand? I never talk about any others like I wasn't talking about the silly house. See them on other record called just the other day and about how they were rocking back and forth there at the wailing wall. And we were talking about the seven day Adventist and the Jehovah's Witnesses. We're talking about Catholics because it's in the news. Yeah, exactly. I don't think that we had a seven day Adventist just go to see Fidel. Or we had the Jaime Schwarzenman go there from Israel or somewhere. We had the Pope, God damn. And he's there. That's why I'm talking about it. You idiot, why bash the church for a few priests who have done wrong. Oh, give me a break a few priests who have done wrong. You are so brainwashed by Catholics right out there. I feel badly for you. I feel bad that your brain has been so so closed and so rotted by years and years of brainwashing and conditioning. It's time to get yourself a new conditioner. Like, probably would be good. He says, remember, they are human. Okay, human, we can deal with. It's just like our present. We don't mind human. Hippocrits and liars. Those are the ones that of course then the ones who are always finger pointing. Oh, this is sinful. Even a word doing it and battling those. How many altar boys should every president pass in future be considered bad because of a few bad ones? How can you judge an entire entity on a few bad people? Look at the whole picture. How you spell and hold Mike as in the rectum. And I still, I'm Mike's by the way, doesn't have the name of any straight priest in here. Not one. We're still waiting for the name of one straight priest. He says the Pope is the leader of the church. The church Jesus Christ started 2000 years ago. And again, you're wrong, Mike. Jesus Christ didn't start any church. Okay, it's already belonged to one. He was very happy. Yeah, he was a Jew. He was a Jew boy. Okay. His buddy Paul, Saul, whatever we are calling him this week. Alan Saul, I think from Pompano Beach. He started it. He says, all I ask is for a little compassion, a little rock monocity. I think is the word he's looking for. I love your show. You're very intelligent and entertaining. But when you continue to talk like he do about the Catholic religion, I have a tough time listening. Please give it some thought. God bless. God bless. God. Get out of here. Mike with his dribble with his nonsense. And isn't it interesting how he says when you talk about the Catholic religion, he has a tough time listening. When we talk about the Mormon, he's loving his. Yeah, right on. And Joseph Smith, what did that whole? All religions are wrong except yours. Yeah, right. By definition. Exactly. Of course. That's what makes this so ridiculous. I'm the push of it, Mike. Because they're all man made bull crap. Mine is bigger than yours. Mine is better than yours. My God is better. My God is more jealous than yours is. I'm a lot of how can any thinking person. Believe all this god. They look. They're still trying to figure out who we really killed Kennedy. They're still trying to figure out what that was going on. How that TWA jack blew up out there. They went through all those millions of dollars. They piece the thing together. And they give us 8,000 press conferences. And they lie through their teeth. And nobody still knows what they'll really happen. But 2,000 years ago, this happened. And then I have my cotton. See the world get a life. Okay. Just like those kids, the back street boys. That to me was one of the greatest breaths of fresh year when Kevin and AJ were in here. The other day with his bad microphone. And I began to realize that all that crap in those liner notes in there. These guys, one of them is from West Palm. One is from Orlando. Nick Carter's from Tampa and two of them are from Kentucky, including Kevin and was Santa right from Kentucky. Talk about in the end of the fall. Okay. So needless to say, they're upbringing was real real ultra religious born again, Bible Fumping. And yet you heard what they were talking about. They love Toronto. They love Amsterdam. They were in a red light district. It was a trip. They're all over the world. And they are amazed at how in Europe they have great sex education. People have much more progressive attitudes. They're not uptight. They're not living in this puritanical mindset. They don't give a crap about religion and they go to church once in a while. They make it look good and look at Amsterdam. There's the old church. The oldest church in town. And what surrounds the old church is the red light district. And nobody gives it a second thought. Nobody cares. Nobody's having nervous breakdown. They're sitting in the cafe. There. You can smell the aroma. The streets as you walk and buy. They're smoking a little weed. A little hash. A little lumber here. They're going to do it. And nobody gives a crap. And in this country, and there he is again. Here we go again on CNN. There's the Pope. But his cane and the schmothas and there's Fidel. Boy, what a marriage maiden heaven that is. Two bull crap artists. Which one got the Tony? I mean, there's a perfect match. If I think they ought to get. Wouldn't be something that they got married. I think that would be beautiful. Oh, Pope can't get married. That's what. Yeah, neither can Fidel. He's the busiest screw to run on the side. The Pope can't get married. My ass. If the Pope says he can get married. Yeah, look at that. He's got the you know. It was one of the Pope's decided well, he changed their mind. Just like Galileo, okay. First they said that he was a sinner and he was going to burn in hell and they should give him 8,000 lashes. And they just said, I would like a hundred and years after he died. They said, oh, by the way, guess what you were right. The sun doesn't revolve around the earth. Oh, what a concept. As in. Oh, right. All this art can't go. But Mike, I'm ashamed that you wasted a piece of paper. How many trees had to die? How many poor little trees had to die? So that you could write me this piece of spew to monopiece of paper there. Please don't knock the cat, the cat-lic religion. And why do you think we got all these young Julios who love this show? Not just because we're talking about the things of a sexual nature on this program, which gets them highly emotional because they've been so repressed. But also because when they hear about what a bunch of bullcraft is, they're saying, yes, that's what they're saying. Ding-dong. Ding-dong. They know it's all about your horse dropping. But poor Mike out there, this guy only wishes you only praise in one little part of his mind. You only praise they could emancipate his brain and think for himself about what a bunch of garbage this all is. But hey, you're not supposed to say that because it's a happening man. The Pope is there in Cuba and Fidel. How come all of a sudden, it's also a good guy now? Oh yeah, he's having second thoughts and he's becoming a spiritual man. Right, he's becoming very spiritual, make no mistake about it. Am I getting wound up here about what? Why don't I get an all worked up about it? Because Mike sent me a stupid guy named Fax and because this racecar drivers a Fag and that other guy says something about Chuances and Want Tommy wants. Something like that. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes. I'm just going to call you to tell you about my brother, Died of AIDS in 1994 and he was a He was gay. And when he was the one of the best people you could ever imagine, he'd give you anything from his wallet. He would leave himself with nothing. It was a very good individual person. And I missed him daily and we had his mass work assets. Well, I was a Catholic. Yeah. We're a Julio family. Right. And I was brainwashing. I asked the priest at his burial at the cemetery. What's going to happen to my brother? Because we were always brainwashing that gay people go to hell and stuff. He said, well, God, I don't forgive him. And then I thought to myself and I said, why should God forgive him? What did he ever do bad? Yeah. He was such a good person. What did he ever do that your priest didn't do? No. Yeah. But seriously, I'm talking seriously. What did he do? Oh, my. Well, okay. What did he ever do that was so bad? He was a better person than a lot of straight people that I know. Right. And I know the thing, people they are on arm street. I got married at 17. But people people, yeah. Well, I'm talking about a Catholic family. But he was not being circumcised. Yeah. You are circumcised? Yes. Wow. For this, you know, something I got to give a sitting ovation here for this audience today. We got a lot of clean people today. Thank God for this. And what I'm a people are homophobic because they themselves are insecure of their own sexual sexual assault. Right. You got it. I mean, I am open minded. I'm a university student and it doesn't bother me the least bit. The see people at our gay. I'm going to try because I'm secure my own sexuality. I don't care. And I accepted my brother. And I didn't care. And I loved him. And I still love him to this day. And I got so pissed off when that priest told me, oh, God will forgive him. Forgive him for what? What did he do wrong? Having his own sexual preference? And he was in the vigilance. Asked the priest if God is going to forgive him for being a liar in a hypocrite. Well, that's what I'm trying to say. I no longer believe in that funny, ballooning mumbochum. Oh, thanks, the Lord. And here's, we get the jackpot. Here's a young guy who's circumcised and has seen the light. Well, I'm very open minded. I'm 21 years old and I'm open minded. I have a quite a few friends that are gay. Yeah. And my wife gets along with them very well. And we are very open minded people. And another thing that I was going to tell you is that caller that called about how Panics are taking over. He sounds a little seen at full bit to me. Yeah, just a little bit. Okay, now. Have a great day. But we can. Thanks a lot. Right. There's probably the call of your right there. It is like a real living and breathing. And you want to know why? Because he's circumcised. Because his brain is free to think. His brain can breathe. Just like your lungs need to breathe. Your brain needs to breathe. And when it's all locked up in that tight in that really. And then of course, when you got that real like a lot of pay. And like that long elephant snout the foreskin. Then my god, a brain that there's like no hope at the end of the tunnel. You can't even see the light. I can't imagine the guy you go out with. Meaning what? What does that mean? That they're not clean. Well, if I don't trust anyone who is in clean. And there is no one in Europe. I have ever encountered who is not clean. They'll be. I can sniff it. I can smell from mid and wide miles away. That's why we have double glass between these studios. Here is Hialia. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Well, I'm the president of Catholic United for life. And I don't know what you have a big deal over the pope. He does many great things. And I'm the president of what? I'm the president of Catholic United for life. What is that? We're a pro life organization. Yeah. And you know, I don't know what you make a big deal over the pope. Because that's my opinion. What do you mean? I'll make it a big deal. It seems to me the media's making it a big deal. Everywhere you look, we see the pope. He's doing great things. Like what? He's on country. And he wants his own country. And he's on country as Cuba. No, no. He's doing it to Cuba. But he wants his own country in Portland. Yeah. And he crushed communism over there. He crushed it with his fist. No. He went to the word of God. Yeah. Okay. And it's just because you don't have a problem of a priest and a pro. And you criticize them. You know, if you think you could do better, you know, than do it. You think you could do better than you. Well, then it like, then elect me pope. And I'll guarantee I'll do a lot. Oh, yeah. You have to be, you know, you have to be one. You have to be a scala. You qualify. Yeah. That's right. I qualify. I'm a fact that put that gives me a leg up. So to speak. No. You can't do it. You know, he's been no fact in the church. There's all my God. Wait a minute. I want you to get, do we have a bullet? I wish we had a bullet in sound. There's no fags in the Catholic church. No. Okay. Thank you so much. I'm sorry. Oh, there he went. There's no fags in the, I thought he was going to have a stroke. I thought he was going to start stoking. He was so excited. There's no fags in the church. That was it. He couldn't handle that. He ran. He ran. I bet he's rubbing his rose rebeeds. And whatever else he can get his hands on right now. That was beautiful. He's the head of one. Whoo. There's no fags in the church. How's my team? You're Brian Wallst duing by the way. How's he doing? Well, they don't call them that in the Catholic church. What do they call them? I'll hear you in this lifestyle. Yeah. I'll turn it over to my style. I was my ass. Well, not my ass. Maybe you're echo. Yeah, not mine. Oh, what a thought. It was narrowed up old priests. Like I said, that movie Massapil would jack lemon is one year. In fact, you should have gotten a copy for this guy. Okay. With Charles turning in the jack lemon, you should have gone out and got 85 copies and said it to this guy and his flock. And he's doing great work over there. He's given lectures to people who need food and he's telling him, hey, keep making more babies. No birth control. No more abyshing. More and more and more babies in more starvation. And good luck. He engloat in plants and seeds in the backyard. And while go plants and seeds where they'll grow. That's what he wants you to do. Go plant and seed. Or squirt squirt. By the way, can he watch?