Sports Radio 560 WCAM Miami-Born Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show, to Nonson Neal, called 560-560 toll free for Dave and Rower and or pound 560 on your selling car. Oh, I don't know. Can you guys see his guest's colors? Anyone else on their show do not necessarily reflect those of WCQAM, easily read acquisitions or the Beesley Broadcast Group? Well, I'm Jerry Paul Whale, on the right-handle of God. And when I woke up two days up with my TV on and it's there to catch a lean for the AMS, I saw purple creature with a gay sign on his head. It wasn't upset, down try, I'm go purple thinking. Hey, hey, what's up, where are you just when I thought things couldn't get worse? I know the scene was terrible, you know little person. How can they call this the children's show? I think he's purple, but I have a ground rule. He hasn't looked at my phone, but he's looking at you. Well, most of our Christian puns are to believe, but on the teller teller teller teller teller is the TV's free. It had a purple penis pointing straight at me that was blowing an eye through the hole in the hole of the scene. Good, good, good. Good, good, good. 10 or two or five, 60 WQM happy Wednesday to it. No ball game today, by the way. No ball and game. Oh, Jesus, what are we going to do about that? The good news is, though, next Thursday and Friday, back to back two days in the hole, Marlin's baseball at 1250. Activation style. Anybody listen to that game yesterday? No. At the Marlin's lost again. By the way, I'm driving home yesterday. I want to get George into a problem. I just mentioned this in passing because it wasn't your fault. Well, partly. I mean, we want to apologize for that mind-spring spot where I'm promoting something that happened like let's say November, December, about five months ago. Does anybody understand you care about that? No. We don't care. Just give us the money, okay? Just send in the money. Just pay your bill. We don't care that we get a lot of old outdated misinformation on. That's the QAM FNW. That's the Greg Reway. Bad news today, by the way, is the QAM Death Watch continues. What is that up? A very, very tough year. It's only the, what is it? 10th of March. What, what is the IZEM March? That's the 15th? I think this is all has to do with the IZEM March. Don't you? No. All these people dying, like flies. So this morning I come in and I said it towards you. Did you see who died? And I mentioned the name and he said, who? What is wrong with you? I mean, am I dating myself? I mean, the these people? Well, I hate to break the news. You know, this is going to offend some of those sports nerds out there. By the way, we got a new golf and croquage show starting Monday morning on the morning show. But at any rate, this person that died yesterday was much more significant. Not that she was all I grade. But I mean, significant in my life because I saw her perform on TV over and over again. She was okay. I liked it. She was annoying. Peggy Cass is dead. Oh, I feel like that. So what I'm trying to say, she was much more meaningful in my life than Joe to Matthew. Because I never so judge a side to a Matthew fan baseball game. I don't care about his Mr. Coffee spots and about Paul Simon and that song. And that, you know, he had five syllables in his name. So the name fit in there. Well, what does that had to do that change my life in any way? Oh, perform a course not. But Peggy Cass, she was on to tell the truth. Now the obituary here says Peggy Cass, a comic actress who appeared in many movies in Broadway shows, died on Monday in Memorial Sloan, Kettering Hospital in New York City. She was 74. She appeared in dozens of films and stage productions. But it's perhaps best known for her role as Agnes Gooch, the Secretary in the stage show name and its movie adaptation anti-mame. She won a Tony Award for the role and was nominated for an Academy Award, which I didn't know any of that. She was an honest candidate in Whittywoman once described in the globe as an insistent chatterbox who oozes Razum attets whatever that means. Her exuberance made her an actual for TV. She was a panelist on to tell the truth and was Jack Par's sidekick on his late night TV show. That's why I remember Peggy Cass from. You don't remember the Jack Par show, punk? See, that was a show. Alexander King, you still have all kinds of witty and wonderful and neat and freaky and bizarre people Charlie Weaver? Remember Charlie Weaver Cliff Arcette? Charlie Wood Squares wouldn't have been squat without him. And on and on a co. So there, how do you like that? Peggy Cass is dead. Oh, what's more significant? We're going to be doing a survey today to see how many dead game show people we can list. Dead or alive? Panama and quiz Mike Stuki, I bet you he's dead. Tom's Con read, how am I any gingle? I bet you that the old bag is dead. See, this is what getting a little bit older is all about. Is looking around at these names and seeing all these people dead. They're all up there doing that big game show in a sky jackberry? Dead. Oh, what was the name? Colin. What was the name on the out, out, out, out, out of Colin? Bill Colin. Oh, what am I saying there? I got confused with Alan Lovin, which I apologize to Bill. Although Alan didn't have it in Wooden Leg. Bill Colin was the greatest game show host in TV history. Didn't you like Bill Colin? I don't remember. You don't remember Bill Colin? You joking, you aren't you? You remember Peggy Cass when I mentioned to tell the truth you've seen the old game show? You didn't remember Bill Colin? No. With the Wooden Leg, he was on the, you know, in Dick Clark branched out from the $10,000 permit. He was the host of that. He, he probably hosted more TV game shows than anybody else I almost said alive. All anybody else who ever lived? I know he was talking about. Glasses? Right. From Pittsburgh, he always used to say doors because he had that heavy, uh, Western Prince of India accent. 8 million doors. I guess with eight doors, no, they used to give away. Bill Colin, dead. Alan Lovin, she's dead. Even Bert Convey, which I had, it was the name of that show. That Bert Convey hosted, he was bad. I hated Bert Convey. He was annoying. In fact, I agreed, I hate to say this. It doesn't bother me that he's dead. He'd rather like a brain aneurysm, something like that, right? So he said this, Lord. Dead game show people. And by the way, speaking of lists, get a great letter from Tom in the Carl Springs this morning. Tying in with the stuff we were talking about with music the other day. Here, the top 10 most overrated recording artists of all time, and generally speaking, it's a pretty good list with one exception. Not bad Tom. Number one, right on target, the most overrated singer recording artists of all time, Frank Sinatra. Yeah. Number two, Madonna. Number three, Gloria Estefa. Yes. Number four, share. Number five, Rod Stewart. I don't know the MSB circuit because coming to work this morning, I was thinking about Tom, I was listening to my aerosmith of course. And I was thinking about people silly people who couldn't sing the lot of a paper sack and people go schlepping to them and concert, Rod Stewart. Seriously, I would put golf and croquet ahead of Rod Stewart, Taddletail. Taddletail, thank you very much. They called it with Bert Convey. He was, that was a bad show too, by the way. Number six, Stevie Nicks. Most overrated, couldn't sing a lot of a paper sack. Can't understand a freaking word she was saying. Number seven, Michael Bolton. Don't tell that to anybody over there on the coast. Number eight, Kenny Rogers. Yep. But number nine, the monkey's number 10 will be Nelson, which I agree. He can't say. But it was that mood ring that made him into a big star. But number nine, the monkeys, the monkeys had some good music. And Michael Nassmith was a real musician and a real singer in the rest of them were like, you know actors, actors, right. Although they did do their show, the TV show was widely acclaimed with all those sight tags and the very innovative. I liked it when I was like, hey, yeah, you just like David Jones. That's right. I like David Jones, till I found out that it was, it didn't smell to the, well, he wound up in that flat house in London somewhere. He wound up just where he belonged, like a guy with no talent. But that's a pretty good list, Christchurch and I would also add, by the way, not meaning that not good, but talking about in terms of how much they were overrated, the Beatles and Elvis Presley. Oh my God. I know. See, there you go again. Got a great Steve Tylerster there, what's your we mentioned yesterday? Do we want to see Steve Tyler naked? No, no, don't want to see his penis. We've seen every other part of him because he's generally, and I'll tell you if we're got it what is he about, 76, the Delo's drugs, not too bad from the chin to his pubes, not too bad. You know, seriously, wouldn't most people, like in the age of 86, like they have a body like that? But we don't want to see Steve, but Thomas penis, do we? No, no. I'm so here in, like this, TV, Nick's the distinctive voice, so please, put back her style is unforgettable, her lyrics, unintelligible. TV's back with all your favorite hits on one big album, it's TVX, what the hell is she saying? Yeah, it's all her classics are here, you'll get me and the incomparable good. Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I won't be in good luck here. Take me in, dig at me, and tell people, mom, we don't need to spend money, till soon. How many slaves are you known to us? You really lost me. Yeah, yeah. way bunch of pandering phones. Please spare us a chance with Steve Tyler's picture underneath the camera. I told you that. It said, would you like to see new pictures Steven Tyler? No. Scrawney Steven Tyler? No. Fifty year old Steven Tyler? No. Yeah. It said. How I eat with 20 use after. Yeah. Like that. The lead singer of Arrow Smith is kicking up a fuss over naughty photos his X-Wife wants to publish in a memoir. Tyler whose last name is Tyler Recode. So Kathleen Tyler Recode is supposed to give you photos and spark their divorce agreement 87. Last summer he said he saw a news item indicating she planned to publish pornographic pictures in a book. In other words Steve Tyler's penis. Tyler said the photos would embarrass and harm him. Well, of course only he knows how much they'd embarrass him. Our judge wedded the temporary restraining order against publication police who was settled in trial. Tyler Recode and actress at the Scoop Center is on one of two happy photographs that he and I took a lead to other in the book. It is amazing. I mean, why would anybody? We've already seen he's always running around with his shirt off or sure why it opened and he's, you know, we've seen and like I said for a guy at 96 his body had not too bad for a guy that was on drugs for seven years straight and never came up for air supply. But I mean, we don't know if he wants to see his penis. See, I know this comes as a great shock to you and there's a whole class of people out there. I'm in Twitch at zone, but they find that a body part by itself is stimulating. You know, it's like that whole glory whole concept. You know, I mean, God only knows what might be on the other side. But again, the people that are into that whole scene, they don't care what's on the other side. That's the terrifying part. Oh my God, it's a penis. Yeah, well, what's it connected to? Oh, who cares about that? And of course, if it's a big penis, who cares what it's connected to, even like Al Ghulstein? Just like when they were doing the thing with a Brad Pitt picture, guess what? Brad Pitt, who, you know, when it got to blonde hair dye and a whole deal, does look pretty good for an old aging guy. But you know, so we've got a long thin penis kind of like a pencil. Wow, man, I'm ice-dimulated by that. And then Rob Lowe, remember the video circulating about Rob Lowe, by the way, didn't work Rob, didn't work too well. I was trying to butcher up his image. That's fantastic. I can't stand. Yeah, you still look pretty, Rob, but you're still, you know, we all know, big though. Yeah, he had a furry, you know, for a slim slender guy. Of course, those are the ones, the slim skinny guys, like the Dutch, the tall skinny guys. Wow, hung like a moose. But I've never been able to my whole life to understand it. Why the, it's like breath did the same thing. You know, I mean, bossy, the cow has got big breasts too. But are you attracted to her? Yeah, that's what I was afraid of. Yeah, anything with the people. No, seriously, there are people who are like just in their size queens, you know, or even if it's not size, just if it happens to look like the right shape and texture or whatever, who cares what it's connected to? And by the way, if anybody wonders about the tremendous divorce rate in this country, the piece that I was talking about on date line, when they were doing the thing with a chop off of the celluline, when you see the way that people, not just women, but men and women, let themselves get out of shape. Now, I know you love somebody, you married them, a better or worse, and fat or a skinnier, however, that goes, but I mean, let's face it. It might be a little bit difficult for some guys to go home or vice versa and hop in a second, get really a worked up to a ladder about that porcupis, cellulite loaded thing. It's got more fat on the back of its legs than most of us have on our bodies, including fat meat. Man, at one broad they had under she was, I'm serious. She was growth test. She had fat on her toes, that's how fat dispatched work. She made fat boy upstairs, look like a rimpal stillskin. Here's Carl Springs, hello. We have you, guard, every soccer, there's a danger, and go wrongly with that okay, great. Thanks, Defodifodilin, is Eddie Jackman and material. By the way, speaking of hockey, nice performance last night. They didn't, they missed the bus, the plane, the bus, the charter, whatever they were showing up in Boston, and then the articles in the paper this morning, oh, Terry Murray was so upset with the officiating, you know, something that really didn't make any difference, whether the officiating was bad, whether the second goal was legitimate or not, because when you don't screw any goals, you're not going to win too many games. Big game of the year, did they show up? No. Not in the least bit. Not even the tiniest, most my new effort last night, pathetic, tragic. There are a chat, what was it about? 300 to 15 something like that? The playoff hopes of your Panthers are looking dimmer and grimmer as each moment without Pavel Burrie goes by. Oh, it's speaking by the way, if people with photos, so the sports illustrated and I'm not sure which issue it is, Pavel Burrie, they went out and it's Fort Lauderdale home on the beach there, which I forget the name of the development where he lives now, but they did a whole shoot on the beach and there's going to be enough bathing suit. I think it was in a thong, but nevertheless, seriously, they did a whole thing of Pavel Burrie, of course, that raises a lot of questions in your minds. We have two open lines in Grower at 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line, two edit tutorials into these newspapers by the way about the Orioles playing the baseball on Cuba. I mean, this is classic. We should frame these, because the Sun Sentinel is a pretty crappy paper. They can't get the hockey standings right by the way, at least has 77 points and 36 wins. You got a wrong guy. You got the right score in there, but you know, they just can't get anything right. But the Sun Sentinel is marginal as it is, is still heads and shoulders above the pandering hero by a million miles. They have an editor to drill in the Sun Sentinel this morning says Cuba U.S. baseball diplomacy offers way to promote goodwill. And by the way, Michael Mayo wrote a whole column this morning in Stola from the show about the Chinese and about the Berlin Olympic Games with Jesse Owens and Hitler, everything that's in your column, Michael Mayo, is still having to call the apologize about the average stand, but you're listening right now, you phony and you're not Jewish either. We don't believe you. Stola, hold show from a column from the show again yesterday. But anyway, Cuba U.S. baseball diplomacy offers way to promote goodwill. And it says the playing field will be rich with symbolism of the Euro's plan exhibition again in Cuba this month. For the first time in 40 years U.S. major league players will stand and they have an adom in competing against Cuba's national millions of Cuban fans who follow U.S. major league baseball religiously, even though they're state controlled media bands, it will get a long way to treat an on-a-co's. And yeah, it's like now we play ping pong with a Chinese, we play chess with the Russians, and there you're going to play in baseball with the Cubans. Gotta get with the people. Forget about governments, okay? You gotta get in there and mingle with the people. But the hero, of course, see, I saw this one first. Then I opened immediately the hero that Israel page that thought, God, I wonder if they got some comment on this because I know exactly what it'll be and you know what I was. That's the little rick-o-rexal. It says trials and errors, repression and baseball in Cuba. Playing ball amid rampant repression is most foul. Oh, and it goes on about the Salvador and accused of bombing hotels and Cuba when I'm traveling on Monday. The timing is no accident. Cuba's regime wants the world to forget about lowest quadruo, the four respected dissidents tried and secret exactly a week earlier. Forget nothing. And it goes on and on and on about the repression and the killing into this and the bat and the crackdowns and what happened to the State Department's insistence that no money go to the Cuban regime. Now it says profits will be small and mainly go to baseball and sports related programs in both countries. What does that mean? And why set the first game in Havana without even a date for the game in Baltimore? Worst of all the spectacle of American players celebrating this baseball of love, but while Cuba and this had been sitting jail for simply speaking out the truth as if the United States found reperson acceptable, that kind of baseball diplomacy is simply foul to the pandering herald as they continued. Pappapa, pappapa, pappapa, on and on. Pandering to a constituency that I'll say it again like I said yesterday, hates them like poison, which is they would die. She doesn't know how they stand business. The herald. Because the Jews we all hate there because we know how rapidly anti-Semitic they are. I mean openly. And the Cuban's hate them like poison because even the Cubans aren't fooled by their pandering and phony, you know, bullcrap. So who is it? I guess it must be all the red necks must by the hero. That must be a, you know, of course in Dave County. So the herald is digging homestead and the colorado. Now there's no red necks in colorado anywhere they forced them all down there to the ranger. Who the hell does by the hero? Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Speaking of the hero, have you ever heard Edwin Pope speak? Yes. It's like Truman Capote and him. He's not always sound like him. He looks like. Oh my god. I've always said Edwin Pope is the Truman Capote of sports. Oh, did you? I know that. I just, I just said. Oh, okay. Anyway, Neil, um, uh, about the Simon and Garth Uncle saw. Yes. What about Moody have you gone, Joe, Jackie Robinson? About Moody tattoo. Yeah. I just heard that have you gone, Moody and no too many syllables. No, it's just, it's the right amount of syllables. Moody tattoo, no. Okay. And he doesn't have the same kind of a literation. I'm not a material. This rose of L. Okay. Jackie. We have an open line in date to a grower. Five six seven Jackie Moizet where have you gone Jackie Moizet? No, that's open. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty animal. But one line. Most overrated recording artists of all time. Come on. Let's hear your opinion today. We've got an opinion on anything. Oh, huh. Great quiz show people. How come they're not calling about Bill Cullen? He's dead. Did you look at all the people we've lost at Chris? He's been dead a long time. I look at all the people just since we've been on this station. Frank Sinatra died. Oh, Princess Diana like while we were in the limbo. They're oh, Gianni Versace. Oh, I said. Who else? Stanley Kubrick the other day. Oh, Dean Cisco who we liked a lot. Oh, Joe, the Maggio and Peggy Cass. Who else has died in the interim here of note? Chris Farley. Oh, uh. John Candy. I said when did he die? Like three years ago. Like I said, that's old. He's dead a long time. Let's like oh, two far back. We have to go far back. I'll have to use like Moses and Abraham. Solomon. Take any bulls. Yeah. Everybody John and I died. People will panic when birds are alive. They're pirates that are not as easy. It's a time before the storm. If you believe it's the end of the world, and these are my kids. I should not get the baby on the low ground. 1031 at five 60. The home with the L. W. K. W. and the Broward lines died during a break of course five six 705 60 and pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay, sir. You know what the big mystery is with Joe to Magio? Yeah. I mean, you know, let's face it to guy was gay. Yes, that is. Well, you know, I think so. I mean, every every interview you see on TV. It's like nobody knew him. Nobody did talk to him. And what's the what was the hiding? I mean, he had like four marriages each one lasted about six months. Yeah, maybe at a small penis. Well, probably that's that's true. I mean, I'm in Tyler. You know, probably had a lot in common. But maybe they were doing each other. Well, you never know. But I mean, with Tyler, I mean, come on. You probably didn't. But, you know, there's more angle where to get it from living one of the like the past 20 years of nobody asked any questions about that. Yeah. I think we better start an investigation. Let's get more in public on our right away. Okay. Good. Good thought, pal. We have an open line in day two and Broward 560 and Palm 560 on the mobile one line. Because we know that heterosexuals, of course, are never reclusive. I'll tell you, uh, heterosexuals. Real reclusive was Jackie Gleason. And I remember those days. I remember vividly like it was last night as Pompeo Park, which I was near last night. But if I would have been, I could think back, weighed down there in the front by the glass and the clubhouse he always had the front table, right on the finish line, and didn't want to be bothered by anybody. And see, I can understand that. I noticed comes as a great shot. Like, oh, and you know, when Joe to magic was an arrest run, he didn't want eight million people coming up to him bugging him. What a concept. How many times have I told you? I can't even begin to imagine what it could be like to be somebody like really famous because just me, you know, I go into publics and they're all very friendly. It's nice. Any high that's nice. I like that. That's, you know, I make you feel good. But I mean, when you're like a real major celebrity and people are, you can't go anywhere without being like overrun by a bunch of, uh, butt suckers. We're hours bothering you for autographs. You just bugging a living crap audio. You can't go to the story. You can't go to a restaurant. I can't even imagine how those people live. And maybe that's one of the reasons that most of those people want to be so screwed up could be. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Oh, hello. Now. Yes, sir. Not mobile. They're probably there here today. I can smell it. Yeah, this is one of your Miami Julios over here. Oh, you're Joe, you're true. Yes, sir. And a couple of points on on Mr. Tyler's penis. Yeah. Don't be too down on it because when you check out a couple of daughters, you produced that. It's got to be some sort of magic there. Yeah. Well, I think I'm a big one to produce a daughter. Well, you never know. Also, uh, when you think about it, there's a lot worse looking people that we could have to be affected with those pictures too. Yeah. You know, come to mind the rolling stone. Yeah. We don't want to see McJaggers penis. No, I'm both Keith Richard. No, you've died and nobody told him. I think he's been dead. Yeah. I think his penis definitely died. So that might get under the kid like a list of all. Okay. List of all the people who's penis. You don't want to see. Okay. Like Booshanbe. We have an open line of day to a grower at 567. You're like, uh, this week. What is it? Wednesday, already? Only Wednesday. 567. Oh, 560. Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. One more time I was right by the way. Absolutely. That's so ridiculous. Big big song in advance. Who's that bitch that's on a CBS morning show now? They wouldn't leave well enough alone. And they had Paul is on Harry Smith on there. Even with that big fat, really poli mark, McEwen. I don't care how bad their ratings were. That was a pretty good show. I used to watch it even if nobody else did. As opposed to good morning America and that real pasty watery, uh, today show on NBC with that boring mat, lower. But anyway, so they got some broad on it. And I noticed also what's his name is, uh, I don't find him on there anymore. Mr. I have no personality, but my brother's a congressman, uh, Lincoln DS Bullards brother. What that was his name? They used to be on local TV until they laughed him out of town. Pipping. No, seriously. What the hell was the, uh, P. P. uh, ballard. P. P. This. But anyway, I don't see him on there anymore. They finally was up. But anyway, the broad that's on there. She's got some, uh, chubby doctor. That's, that's the beautiful part of this. Here's this woman who's like some kind of a nutrition diet, this is whatever she is. And she's fat. She's short and squat. In fact, she looks like a young piggy kiss. Look what happened to Peggy's sweetheart. In any way, she's talking about this study that is the big news. Like, like, this is big news. See, they lied to you. It's like the thing about fiber that came out a few weeks ago. Remember that fiber has got nothing to do with colon cancer with anything when you come right down to it. Pig, pig and headline. They finally figured out what fiber does. I don't make it. Other than that, nothing. Now the new deal is like I've been trying to tell you about all these phony low-fat diets that don't work, which is why more and more people are getting boobs, zombies, syndrome and just ballooning up like cows. Breast cancer, diet, length, disputed. Study low-fat doesn't care risk. So anyway, they got this fat, the woman doctor on her, whatever she is. And she's doing the reports on this. And not only did low-fat doesn't cut the risk of breast cancer, for women, but even eating a lot of high-fat diet doesn't increase it. There's no relevance. There is no connection. And so the host, which I can't think of her name because she's like tapioca pudding. She's either fish or follow. And she's saying, oh well, but of course, low-fat diet is still very important, isn't it? You see, they just won't let go of these myths. And all these people, I mean millions of people are watching this crap. And they assume that because it's on television that it's the truth. Just like the Joe de Mayo thing, millions of people are convinced that it was a very important day in our lives because he died, even though we were, for months he was dying and he was 84 years old and he had no relevance in most of our lives. But it was very important. Wasn't it? No. No. And like low-fat diets, that's still very important for your heart, isn't it? No. It's got nothing to do with your heart. And yet, kids died, proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that the amount of dietary fat you eat has gotten nothing. It's the kind of fat, eating a lot of saturated fat. That's another story. But just eating a lot of fat in general, without getting into the breaking it down, and it's got nothing to do with your cholesterol, with your, whether you're a triglycerides, your bloodlubbits, or any other goddamn thing. Oh. All these people that we've talked to over the years that do the acins and their cholesterol comes away to hell down and their triglycerides, like mine did in one month from 366 and he's tired, old, boring doctor. Oh, do you understand that? Well, go do some research. Go figure out what life is really all about, doctor. Man, I'll tell you one thing. If you, the best thing to do is be your own doctor as much as possible. You can't always do that if you have something serious, but to a great degree, be your own doctor. And then when you do have something that really needs a serious doctor, do your best to like, you've got a scour, if you were sift through all the crap until you find somebody that really know something, if you can. And believe me, that's not easy. Just scour the countryside. I mean, I love people that like, you know, they'll take their card or repair shop and they'll give them an estimate. Well, I think I'll get a second opinion, you know. But I'll go to a doctor and then, and I, you think I have a good a second opinion. You think maybe I'll check with somebody else because I'm a little skeptical. Oh, no, it's only your body. It's only your life. Don't waste your time with that. The veterinarian, they take their putty cat to a veterinarian. If they didn't like the, what they told me, oh, you think I have to get a second opinion about that. Come on, come on, sweetie, let's go to another, you know, trust me what I tell you, man, most doctors are, they ought to be in jail somewhere. They ought to be behind bars. I like the doctor that, you know, go, this is years and years ago, they have my blood sugar taken to see if I was diabetic. Oh, your blood sugar 75. This is fasting. Okay. This is in the morning fasting. I blood sugar was 75. Well, guess what? Did we do a glucose tolerance test to see if I was really diabetic? No. Ah. If I were to just rely on that doctor, I'd be dead today. And then the doctor who's the big diabetes expert, I keep telling you about which I'm tempted to tell you his name at University of Miami Medical School, but I don't want to mention his name on here. I won't get sued, but nevertheless, that was given me this glucotrol to take one pill in the morning. They had no effect on my blood sugar, which I had a stroke 10 years ago. Thank God, a minor one, but in part because I was eating like a pig. But number two because I was taking up pill in the morning, they had no effect on my blood sugar. Like the American diabetes association with their goddamn, what they'll call that thing that, you know, like the bitter homes in gardens died one from group A, like I like an American Chinese restaurant menu, is it, you know, with refined carbohydrates and all that other crap, like with a slice of bread, oh, your assholes man, your murderers, your butchers. What is warming here, too, by the way, is smoothing? Oh, friend, then he is a dog. Oh, mom, do you have experience problems in your, in your, I mean, I mean, down in your intimate area, oh, that's the air. If you've ever suffered from that thing, you know, down there, then you need to buy a, that stuff. Every time I start to feel a little, you know, I rush on out the floor, and I tell them that I want to see them. So that stuff. And now with a faster acting formula, you can help treat, well, you can stop that problem dead in its tracks in less than three days. Well, now that I know I'm not alone, I'm going to tell all my friends about that stuff. So the next time they have, you know, that thing, they can, they can get help down there. Thanks for that stuff. So the next time, you're in thing, you know, don't, they don't suffer needlessly. Get that stuff, ask for it by name. Look for that stuff in the pharmacy in the aisle with those stupid things. There were all these things. 1046 at 560 WQM, so and who could have done tremendous service to the entire audience to a lot of people out there, including me. Remember you called a couple of days ago, he said it was going to be seeing Dr. Bernstein, Dr. Richard K. Bernstein, author of Diabetes Solutions, he was going to was seeing the visit him and spent a couple of days with him and how long and intensive the assessment was. So we call it, the call is George off the air to tell him he wants me to call him at home and discuss it off the air. I don't want to call him off the air. Am I going to call him off the air? No, no chance. Of course not. I'm a busy guy. Okay. I got to go to a published in by Soda and dog food. I'm going to have time to be called listeners off the air. I got to go home and book the next 200 vacations. This guy, and he called the other day to tell us that he was going and I said give us a report. Remember that I said give us a report when you come back and will give us a report? No, nothing. Zippity Duda. So thanks a lot, Ed, for nothing. Browards open 567. 0560, pound 560, unimobile one line. Here's Virginia key. Hello. Hi, Uncle Neil. Yes sir. Calling about two things. Yes. Well, I got a tie for most overrated artists. Yes. It's got to be between. I'm not going to get any response on this. What is wrong with this audience this week? What is wrong with them? Are they upset about that new croquet show? Let's go to the starting Monday morning? They have this fine. God. It's tied between Garth Brooks. There you go. That's a good one. And the slush and I had to wait. You don't like to deny a twinge? No. Yeah, you're right. And also I had another piece of information. But she's not that overrated. In other words, she's an outfit. In the grandmise did you see her outfit at the grandmise? No. I don't know when she was planning on, but it was like my Donna gone a ride. Yeah. Whatever she was more. I'm not talking about who was the worst outfit. No, but it just tastes like it's like a scene that countries need like when you're willing to see in countries music. You know, they went in and then Garth Brooks wants to play baseball. How do you like that? 37 years old. He wants to try out. He wants to play baseball. He's run the bases with that guy. Oh, God. He's got a good like I got. The other thing I call it wanted to call about is I was watching a painting to the channels and got the the Trinity network and they were talking about the end times. Yeah. And always the end time. And like I said before, if the end times are come, what does God need all that money for? The funny thing was they said that in the book of David it says that that that that Jew will be sitting at the throne of David and they said that the queen of England is Jewish. Oh, yeah. And I'm like huh? Batonburg. Really? German. Not Jewish. I was a fondtaken German. The queen is German. You sure that the house of Windsor is all it's a lie. They're Germans. Exactly. So I was sitting and listening to this guy. There are Germans over there. You British thinkers. There are a bunch of Germans. You're not the best. You're like they said in the exes. You're not the best. Anyway, I had to call until you're that thing and it's closing. Oh, they can't use to ever have a Jew. Okay. How's that can you see? Yeah. Remember that scene in the exes? You're not he's bested. What was his name he's dead by the way? The director? The director? Virt. Well, I'm not good or what? Virt. He's dead out there. He's fell down the steps as head is all twisted around like Linda Blair's. Like I said, William Friedson, when he dies, I don't care. So he's I don't care about personality. I mean, Stanley Kubrick, did I know him? No, but he was a great director. He was a great innovative guy. Corrigious. Genius. Alfred Hitchcock, you're all kind of things about, you know, he was hitting on all Tippy headwind and tippin' on anything with a skirt on. Even Rock Hudson, I hear. If it had a skirt on, you know, he wanted it. Jay Edgar Hoover. Jay Edgar Hoover. But so that's got nothing to do with his talent. See, that's a lot of people can't separate that. You know, somebody can be the greatest talent in the world, but also it can be an asshole. And quite frankly, unless I have to socialize with him, it's of no relevance to me with the their an asshole or not. They can be a fantastic talent. They entertain me with their movies or their athletic ability or whatever it is. That's good enough for me. I mean, I don't want to like, you know, go have dinner with them, take a shower with them. Maybe Ray Whitney, I'd like to take a shower. That's about it. Open line of date County. And by how about those, you know, biggest game of the year, you don't show up last night. And then I want to say this because they're probably going to be some ruined fans out there, gloating because they're back into a playoff spot for the moment ahead of the Rangers and the Panthers are 10th and falling fast. You guys are as boring as watching it, a smelling paint dry. Forget about watching it. What a boring goddamn team. I mean, Pat Burns, I love him. Give us a couple of great years in Toronto. But Jesus Christ, Pat, I mean, all I'll tell you is one thing. Okay. Anybody even if you don't have to be a hockey expert to know that trap rhymes with crap. Right. God are they boring. North Miami. Hello. Any deal. Yes, sir. I was listening to your opening monologue and I definitely agree with the overrated singer, especially Sinatra. Most especially Madonna when you if you hear her early recording, she sounds like some kind of squeaky little mouse trying to sing. Yeah, like Yolty. Oh, it's exactly like Yolty. I mean, she was just horrible. And she's still horrible. I mean, she got she got flying to a Greco contract. She didn't even have any talent. Oh, I hear that Yolty's got a better looking vagina than Madonna. And a lot of people would know. Yeah. And of course the third one was what was the third one again? Gloria Estefan. Gloria Estefan. The anxious Gloria Estefan. God, she's horrible too. And let me tell you something. She's a lot of rumors going around. She stole in a lot of material from unknown songwriters and credited to her. Well, how though? Remember that boat accident out there? How those people doing? I have no idea. Yeah. I have no idea what the do the rumor that I'm hearing is the doing is good is the guy that Rick Hansen says at over at P.P. Stadium. You can probably write it with the Estefan's. Absolutely. Yeah. I don't think they're doing too good. That's the part. Right. Did they're having to do it? They're not cursors. She's Cuban. Uh oh. Oh, forget about the Cuban. They're no matter what she does or she writes what she sings. That's another thing, tiny. Well, what we talked about yesterday. I don't want to dig up the old wounds again. Also, I have to when I will. You know, like people that are like town like Luis Miguel. I mean, universally claimed all over the world. Is he big here in town? Absolutely not. You want to know why? Because he's like Mexican. That's right. Or maybe a little Puerto Rican in him too, because of whatever that story is. But nevertheless, he's not Cuban. He's a little Puerto Rican Martin. I'm not a big Ricky Martin fan, but nevertheless, you know, he he won the Grammy. He did that thing. Uh, what else? What's the name of that song? George for the, uh, the soccer thing? The soccer thing. Uh, blow it out to your ass. George, you're an idiot. Anyway. Yeah, I'm the Ricky Martin. Next. No, you win the, you're the spick expert. You're supposed to show a Spanish name that song. Your more of a sense of Spanish music than I am. Of course, because I love my Spanish music. He's a bodyquite expert. Right. What do you want? Whatever. What is that? That's a quote. That's playing for Puerto Rican. Oh, what do you want? No, he don't like the Puerto Rican. Okay, I have a great day. So what do you say? No, you don't know. That's song. I'll sell a potato. La Maria. Yeah, mama la pinga. What is that song? It was the one that Grammy for Christ's, for the best Spanish language song, Ricky Martin. He's saying that, bro, I brought the house down. He was like, uh, jumping and joking and driving ovation for Ricky Martin, who's Puerto Rican. That's all those spots and all of a sudden, develops a fake accent and those Puerto Rican tourism spots. We want to go to Puerto Rico. No way. We'll go to the Bronx first. Come on. You know the song I'm talking about. I've played it here, but somebody stole a guy in CD by the way. I'll tell you one thing. We're going to have supposedly on Monday. This coming week. We're going to be moving up on the third floor where everybody else in the world. But I'll lay I lay I lay. Yeah, well, but that's not the name of the song. It's called, I mean, my tongue is right on the tip of it. I'm Ricky Martin's tip at this moment. Does anybody got the name of the song for you? Oh, girl. We got all those damn lines tied up with painting the S callers. Oh, come on. Somebody out there knows the name of that song. It won't just prove your point. They don't want to give a crap about him in this town because he's Puerto Rican. Well, you know that has said comment. So in other words, it's like, Lori S. Step on the reason I bring it up is she couldn't sing a lot of a paper sack. Okay. She's a piece of turd. Another one of these high jobs. Oh, the great Lori S. Step on and her husband, whatever her name is. Okay. And those people they killed in the boat. But I mean, you know, gopa. La Copa de la Vita. There you go. Thank you. God bless you. Oh, thank God. I feel so much better. You're supposed to know that La Copa de la Vita. It was for the world cup you jackass. I'll know the one ton of data. Yeah, right one ton ton of data. But you do like to sing in none. So unique. I mean, I like all these great recording artists. How about a Christian? That little, uh, Faggot. I mean, huh? No, I miss. I really miss tell a hit. I mean, you know, they made you digital on the Mexican satellite. Now you got your big satellite dish going finally, uh, your later. Well, Hamid finally called you back. He's like Greg Reed. He's a little slow. He'll get around with. But you got a big dish. And unfortunately, you won't be able to see. Yeah. Well, more of a list too. Maybe you'll find something in there. No, say two. M2. I'm telling you, it's got all the big channels on there. You can relate to it. And they used to have that teller hit. I loved it. That was great with all the videos. Not the dancing girls. Right. Yeah. They get Mexican dancing girls with big, big asses, which you guys can relate to. You Cuban guys, big fat asses. And later on, in life, big, big, droopy hanging boobs. Kind of like, like, Arlene Francis, for can you imagine what her breasts must look like now. Oh, God. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I know. Um, it's too close to lunchtime to think about what Arlene Francis is. What's up? What's up? Nice to see you. What do you want to tell me? Um, what do you want to tell me? You get to be an old bag like that. They jubed out of her house. I know. How about that? I know. I think she thinks really. Really. Oh, well. And I'm that crazy. I wouldn't say she thinks, but I think overrated. I'm very overrated. In fact, that's your fact that did the Frankie Lime and thing with his list the other day. He made this a cream number four. They're not even in the top four of all time. I love them all time. Oh, I was absolutely with you all the way on that one. Yeah. I mean, the four tops and the temptations and they're going to roughen and the mirror goes, there's so many big ones of great Motown at the Commodore's and he puts the supreme. I almost died. God. And I'm not too crazy. I hate to tell you about Tony Bennett. I went good. Tony, there's, you know, something that's number two. You are a jackpot. He's number two right between Frank Sinatra and Madonna. Tony Bennett is I'm lying. He is terminal. He's too paid a little bit. But he he he he strokes. He's like an English singing Andrej Obacelli. Thank you. Who can see and have a great day. They were waiting on how much of a life because they wrote that. Some dead people for you. Yes, please. Which in your grand Susan stress Bergland and McCartney John Denver, Sonny Bono Jack Lord and that Olympic run and joy is the joiner whatever. Joy's brothers. Yeah. Oh my God. Oh God. It's been a rough year. Okay. I think they will. Exactly. I've never great day. Tony Bennett. She has a jackpot with that one. Another one of these hype jobs. Oh, the young people love Tony Bennett. No. Young people have Tony Bennett. My ass. Oh, he's on MTV. Great. So it's Bill Clinton. Okay. Play in a saxophone. Oh life. There will be smoke. This will your size. The opportunity to go. What are you in the back of the song? Like a vice. I pull like mad and run to control gown. We've made a steel. And damn you. This is the new. No. If you sing or what? No. Tony Bennett the worst. It's 11.3 at 5.60 W to Q. I am. Sweetstakes. Maylings defended. You see this? They're having the hearings in front of Congress. If there's something to be about this, they're a little bit slow up there in Washington. As they continue scamming people, especially old desperate people. You notice the order you get in this country, you're really desperate. Forget about social security. Just stop and think about all the rip off artists. When you get to especially in Florida. On by the way, speaking of Florida, you just see the dangerous driving report, which I was going to bring up yesterday, but we were tubing with Cuba and baseball all at Bullcrap. All those hysterical spics calling in. Dangerous driving report claims off Florida growth. Here is a list. This is a study they've done of the metropolitan areas. The worst metropolitan areas for aggressive driving, death rates, etc. in the country. Number one worst is Riverside San Bernadillo, California. Number two, Tampa St. Petersburg. Followed by Phoenix. Number four is Orlando. Followed by Miami, Hylia Las Vegas, Florida, Nail Hollywood, Paparoba Beach, Dallas, Kansas City, San Antonio. Those are the worst 10. Four of the top of the worst seven by the way in Florida. Now I would agree with you that places where there's been tremendous growth are there a lot of tourists like Las Vegas. The driving is terrible in Vegas because almost everybody out there in a strip is from someplace else. They're lost. It's massive traffic jam. It's a nightmare. That's true. But there's a different reason in Tampa St. Pete or Lando also a lot of tourists. The Tampa St. Pete, Miami, Hylia, Fort Laterale, Hollywood, Paparoba Beach. Two main reasons of which it says nothing here in this article, of course, because they can't tell you the goddamn truth. They don't want to offend anybody. All people, banana vote people. I rest my case. I mean, Tampa St. Pete, they don't even have very many banana people. They got them all jammed in the Ebor City, okay? All, especially St. Petersburg, Clearwater, the grand great grandparents of the people in sunrise who, by the way, put all the commissioners back in yesterday, you ask holes in sunrise, of course they'd like John and Lamello too. All people who shouldn't be driving. And banana vote people with no driver's license, with no insurance, with no breaks, with wall tires, with no headlights, with no break lights, with no nothing, with a brain the signs of the ball bearing. Oh my god, you mean that might be responsible for the bad driving? What a concept, huh? Here's a mobile and hell and Dale, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, yeah, I'm at the media branch for the Florida Derby and I'm here with a couple of your buddies, Ross Mornin and his two pay and a cablin. Uh-huh. Tell Ross Mornin he blows. Tell Ross he blows? Yeah, okay. So, I've got 400 pounds of cow crap in his book. You know, out there and farming to New York is a lot, you know, it's big, it's like farm country. He must be a doing collection. He must have a big shovel. It must be collecting all the droppings up there and just before each race he must stuff his puts with it. Okay, Ross Mornin. Go, this is out. Oh, Jesus. In fact, yesterday I was hoping to be for the hockey game started and there was Tom Durkin is up there back in New York at the Aquaduct to build my work of the race and right now, Aquaduct, I guess. And then, uh, you're flipping in, of course, here at Gelsstream, what have we got for the end of the media? I mean, please don't tell me Ross Mornin is going to do the Florida Derby. Please don't tell me that. Yeah, all my god. We have an open line and date to a drawward 560560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. I do not. Okay. Anybody give you a spider put on me, the chest today. No. Oh, my god. The greatest single line in the history of radio. Yes. Man, the chest that he was talking about Jimmy Johnson, how people over I realize what he does and how he reached, at one point he may reach into his pants and do something personal and he just said, crap, he just, he demands not to just pitch. It was hysterical. Yeah, that's why man, this is so great, because he's not because he himself, whatever it's on his mind. Right. You're probably going to hang up on the football off to running back to central agi. It's great surgery, operate on him. Yeah, it's you. You're going to power hang up on me, but uh, I'll read it right. And we can go. Well, the number calls are going right now. I can't afford to. I'm busy working on Ricky Martin. Yes. And we can go. I'm not going to go. But it'll have either. I like the title song of the album. Well, it's better. Yeah. I'm here. I don't, uh, I'm interested in Volvo of the well-being. It's, yeah, I got it. I got it. I had it. I used to have it here somewhere, but somebody ripped it off. I must have a Puerto Rican in the building. Yeah, I have probably had a comment. It's far in my choice. I don't need George. No, George hates Ricky Martin. Of course he does. Puerto Rican. George hates Puerto Rican. Does any speak that's not too many he hates him like poison? He hates the booty question. Of course. Mm-hmm. All right. Later. Well, what were you going to say that I was going to hang up on you for? And Ricky Graches? Well, what did you say? I just think he's overreed. The man can't think his way out of a paper sack. Well, I mean, that's your opinion. You're entitled that, but he looks pretty good. Well, that's your opinion you're entitled. And you're right. And have a great day. He does. Hey, listen, okay. This guy would like to look like in Ricky any day of the week. Okay, even though in Ricky has a very, very tiny penis. And that's what he says himself. That's not my sin, because I haven't seen it yet. But he says that. Open line and browner. What's going on with Howard last, uh, dear two year? Wow. I think it's these phone lines. I think we got somebody upstairs playing the fast and lose. I think it's a bell-saut again. I heard that click on the phone yesterday. I think it's Larry, mixing person. Personally, it's sitting there. He's got a spinger on it. I believe that all these years. Nobody will ever convince me otherwise. Because I know that a highly rated high price show like this that there are eight million people trying to call through all at the same time. But we always have this problem. It's not the big and for calls. It's begging for bell-saut to stop, if and with my life. That's what it is. And then spite of them and it's quite of a herald and a son settin' all these news paper people that hate me like poison. And describe them. I still somehow was succeeded. Fumbled my way along. Oh my God. We'll be shooting stage away because we all had our day. We might forget the words of peace be kind. Sure, we're all done. Be in a little fluffy and we've got too much free time. Take it easy. Take it easy. Don't want to start a new career. Let's relate. Catching in while we're still king. We're raging rebels in the easy day. It's rock and roll starts down and land when you pick it easy. Can we say this? It's driving so long. It's as if it's over. But they made a business all the time. So you can clever get next business. Way, grab our pride. Take it easy. Take it easy. Don't let our country get threatened by the grave. Come on, stay. Money's free. You know some of the new and more. Don't take me. 11.15. It's 5.60. I'm going to go over show from last Vegas today. The NCAA tournament preview. And then the bookshop. It's at Kaplan 10 o'clock with the odds on every game. Including some that won't be played. Wait to hear this. Talk about timing. By the way, thanks to Liz. There's been a whole bunch of articles here. That's for you. What is that? What is that sound? Where is that coming from? I'm so glad this is happening to you. This is going on all week. I want to hear the guys during the, uh, bit that I played there. What, what is that? What is that? Apparently it's a bleed through from the ISDN. From when Mitch sends voice work over Mitch Phillips. It doesn't last long. Well, it's not on the air. It's not on the air, but we can hear it. Is that this? Well, what is that? What do you mean it's not on the air? I heard it as loud as like if somebody was I face Jesus. Oh, God. What a bogus place. This is Greg Reed. You were in a disgrace. I've said to me for I'll say it again. You're a broadcast. You're like my miniature picture is a rocket side. Is okay? What a place. Anyway, what can you see this? Have a request for a side autograph from a listener in. Wait to hear this. France. Can you believe that? You believe it? No. Try to get to that in a minute. But anyway, so who is this from? This is a facts from Debbie. And just coincidentally, just in line with what we were just talking about. It says, the funny thing happened last week in Salt Lake City, Utah after Ricky Martin's electrifying rendition of La Copa de La Vita, performed the musical equivalent of, uh, whatever the CPR on the list of those Grammy Awards telecasting Los Angeles. How do you like that? The equivalent of CPR on the list list telecast. Fans descended on Salt Lake's record stores and picked them clean of the Latin singer's albums. Runs on his albums were reported in Los Angeles and Miami too, but none was more surprising than the one in Salt Lake, a town better known for its allegiance to the Osmond Brothers than its enthusiasm for Latin pop. Grammy host Rosie O'Donnell, summed up with a lot of English speaking viewers must have been feeling about Martin when she declared I never heard of him before tonight, but I'm enjoying him so much that big fad bull like said. Uh, oh, I got news for it. Ricky Martin and Rosie O'Donnell. There's no danger there no matter how you look at that. Right. They're safe all the way around. Being going to do her, she ain't going to do him. Martin's house-reaching performance may be a turning point, not just for him, but for all Latin pop in 1999. Yeah, that's the hope anyway of a hintful of US record executives who are betting big that a pack of new Latin music stars can cross over and tap the vet English speaking market. I have no crystal ball though. My gut tells me that Latin music can be the next big reservoir of town for the mainstream superstars to Sony music chief Tommy Matola, whose company is betting millions hiring market savvy producers like Puff Daddy and David Foster, they'll flatten pop or join country and hip-hop in the American mainstream. Then unfortunately goes on to say all the glory as step on crossed over in the late 80s, Latin pop remains for in the most American listeners unless they listen to the Eirider show is what they should put in there. Remember I had those assholes even in Tampa buying Louise McGill records? That was probably the greatest accomplishment of my life when we were on WSU and in Tampa, getting a bunch of Yahoo Rednex in Tampa to go to their record stores and buy Louise McGill album. I do like that. Nice going Neil. And by the way, Louise, we have an open line and date one in Broward 560, 50560, 5060 on the AT&T Wireless line. I'm going to have to go to the store and buy another copy of like Copa de la Vita because somebody stole a lot of here, some jackass. We must have a closet port of weekend up there at the power 96. What was like a lot of young bim bets up there, a lot of hoolettes, maybe just like Ricky Martin. Maybe they want his body. You're not getting it. Here's the open park. Hello. Open park. Okay, I said put your finger on the button, put the biscuit in the basket. Hey, let's park. Yes. Hey, sit here. Such an arrow. Oh, come on. Oh, you can tell me the drummer for arrow. That's the name of the lady. The drummer? Right. What does that mean? Well, you're such an arrow. I'd like you to like you. I want to like you don't know. Can you tell me? Can you tell me? Can you tell me? Huh? Without looking at your sheet. Without looking at my sheet. Now, let me ask you this. Are you a music suit when electrical is that what you are? And you tell me the answer since you're much. Sorry. Let me. Let me see it again. I just don't need you. Okay, but it does make any difference because it's like people. Put the rigs tender on God. Yeah, see another asshole. Total asshole. Total absolute asshole. Who doesn't know from arrow Smith does no good music. And like I started to say, it's like people that want to know they can tell you every cut that's on the album. Oh, that pet sounds album. That was it. It's not important to me. It's not important that I know who the members of every group are. Like I love the Eagles. Do I know the name of every member of the Eagles? No. Do I care about who all the people who are who they know? It doesn't. It's not. I'm not interested. I'm not a music suit. If I like the music, I listen to it. That's simple enough for me. But here's a guy with no material. Yeah, probably is a God damn bridge tender. You're an asshole, pal. Open line of day one and bro. 5 6 705 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. A mobile in Miami with a radio turned way off. Hey, yeah. Yes. Another overrated artist man. Yeah. Recap in reggae, glacis. Yeah. It's a joke. Yeah. It's Ryan and Dad's co-chales. What do you think about that? I think you're full of crap. What are you talking? Just what I got to say. I think you're full of crap. I love it. You love that guy? You're in reggae glacis. Great. You're full of crap. You're full of crap. Wait a single singer's in the history of the human race. Don't you believe that? No, I don't. You could sing circles around that Faggy father. He's also that right now. Who will be a lot of people? All the other guys are totally all agree. See, yeah. All the all the girls I've screwed before. Right. Exactly, man. Exactly. That's why you feel great. It's so such a chunk. Yeah. Oh, it sounds right. It's co-chales. Oh, yeah. I can hate to break the news about Daddy, but we're not really sure. Okay. Yeah. Out of the strength of your monster. Some of the red you only like macho singers, right? What's that? I sound great. Yeah, yeah. It's big. We have an open line in uh, what's just tack the net? Open line in Broward 560560560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. See, how we're going to get 2800 because you started it and they all want to suck on the bandwagon with you. Oh, in reggae glacis, first of all, there's nobody in the world that considers him a great singer. So how can he be highly overrated? He's for sure. Yeah, right. So so what are we talking about here? We're talking about people who are like highly overrated like Frank Sinatra, Anthony Bennett and Gloria Stephon who are like, way up there like everybody's musical icons. If I can say that since that word is so big this week, right? Is that making a musical icon? No. Does he look good? Yeah. That's good enough for me. It's like Ricky Martin. He looks good. Did I ever say he was a good singer? No. No. I do like that one song. Yeah, it's a small C. I mean, I don't want to hear it again like this month, maybe this year, even. La Copa de la Vita. And like the guy said Volvo was a lot better. Volvo. You remember I had that here I played it. I played well. I played that thing. Huh? I played with the Vell, Vell, Vell way. And the climb the Vell way fog that was melt from me. Oh, there's another one. I mean, I don't know if I could move it about. That's jazz. See, jazz is like golf and croquet. Jazz. Let me let me simplify for you. Okay. Jazz is crap. That's it. Crap. And there are people who have sing jazz like Ella Fitzgerald. She's a great singer. She did by the way. She did. She was a great singer. But not the jazz had nothing to do with her band of great singers. She just had a great voice. She was great. But when she would do that, jazz. But he means to go, that's garbage. And of course that's melt from me who's, you know, got a tremendous weight problem. Like I do. But at least I don't know. But it'd be better but you know. That's that's what it is. Yeah, that's what it is. That's what it is. That's like that Denise Poppan Crap. Crap. Yeah, it's my ass. Oh, we listen to WLVE. We listen to jazz. Yeah, pseudo intellectual assholes. Right. Gag me with a prune. All these people that want to know, it's like, you know, just just let me hear it. Let me taste it. I'll tell you if it's going to look at it. I'll tell you if it's going to have a life story. Whether it's a recording artist or group, you know, like this other bridge tender ass will be for. Who gives a crap? And by the way, Joe Perry is so goddamn ugly. Who want to get near him anyway? Which I got, you know, this guy, Mr. experts, I bet you're a key. He don't have naked pictures. It's Joe Perry and the Steve Tyler and his Adelaide out right now. Almost they couldn't believe me. We're all screaming. Please put some clothes on immediately. Jackass. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. Listen, I want to thank you for talking so much about Vegas. Yes. Just recently when and I absolutely loved it. Right. Um, the only thing I thought that, uh, do you ever come to see that statement and Roy show? I don't, I don't go to see shows. I go there to lose money. It's incredibly overrated. Yeah. I, I, incredibly overpice to see, you know, a bunch of guys there just points your fangs. Yeah. No, no, no, that's not what I meant. Well, I don't know, but anyway, I do. Playing around with the, with the tigers and yellow fencing all that and leather. So David Copperfield, I think the one thing he could make disappears like the audience. Who was magic shows? Yeah. I'm a magic show. That's okay. I guess for a little kid, you know. Yeah. And then the thing you might as well be kind like 85 dollars a person because he's something like this. So anyway, just want to tell you, I absolutely love the thanks for all the information. And oh, secondly, um, he said the joy to he's everybody. It's not Cuban. Right. Is that including Colombian still? Oh, he despises Colombians. Oh, you kidding me. I couldn't repeat anything on the air that he said about Colombian. He's worth the night nine four miles that calls every day about hate in the Colombian. What does he know about that? Huh? What's the deal with that? It can lie. Maybe. When he does this show next time, hold his little Cuban feet to the fire. Not a lie. They're almost like real people. Yeah. See, there you go. Oh, there we go. Okay. Well, yeah, I won't say, but I think about Cuban, but I'm married to one so. Yeah. Well, then you want to know. How to rate these feet, aren't you? I'll pay your me this. For five. We have an open line of dead. I'm playing Luis Miguel between now and two o'clock. I'm so whipped up and pissed off. We know Cuban. I'll tell you that. And then the Cuban singer who's even in the same category with Luis Miguel ain't no one that bad. I see you and you believe that. You believe that. I don't like Cuban singers. I don't like you. You love Luis Miguel. Don't know Phoebe. You know anybody that's listening to the show over a period of time knows that you think that Luis Miguel's got one of the greatest voices in history. He has a great voice. Yes. That's it. But what does that mean? Well, what do you want to do? Is it just singing you were sloppy? Would that make you happy? No. How about if he sang in Croix? What are they? What are they? What are they speaking? Creek? Creek? I think. It's hard to sing. I think. I'm not sure if you can sing. I'm not sure if you can sing. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. I'm not sure if you can. That's it. Yes. Did Lucius kind of sounds. By the way, Uh. The drummer for Emerald Smith is the joy Kramer. EPA nowzie the program The The summer Secretary of Police. the only members of the group I ever heard of. And I knew Joe Perry wasn't a drummer because he plays guitar. I knew that. That's like the other day I'm asking you about the Beach Boys, the names of the Beach Boys, did you know the names? No. Which goes to prove you know nothing about music. But seriously, what is it happening with you? You know anything about music or not? Well, you listen to it. Is it necessary to know who wrote this song and who picked their nose while they were recording it? And who's playing? No interest to me. None. Zero. Music, pseudo intellectuals like food, pseudo intellectuals. And movie. Oh yeah, what we're going to review film. You know we're going to critique. critique what? What's your to critique? You watch it either like it. The acting was good. It was bad. They applaud the. You know, there's not a whole lot to critique there unless you're a pseudo intellectual with no life and have too much time on your hands. In addition to what you ain't no jeans, just the low, okay? Oh, by the way. Oh, you have really, you really went way over the line today. And we can even make fun of him. Here he told me he didn't get a question about small potatoes like you. He can't think for shit. Yeah. But movie. You only wish. You only wish him if we see little two-in-body that you had one percent of the talent he was willing. This is man's guy. And guess what? He don't look that good in you. Simply been messing around with those ugly chicks. But never left. Oh, God. A voice like butter. Like butter is those obnoxious jacks on a radio with them. Like butter. He's not really better. Yeah, he's not totally better than God. I was thinking about those two this morning, you know? Why would anybody want to imitate Randy Rhodes? Why? You know what I'm saying? It's one thing to rip off somebody who's like, you know, exciting and good. But why would anybody want to be like a low-rank district Randy Rhodes? Although they do have one thing in common. Didn't they both drive a truck with it both in the army? Huh? Well, seriously, wasn't broken in the middle of the room. He was in the barracks. Okay, let's go to a West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, how you doing? When I still know who Joey Cramer is, yes sir. That's right, you don't have to know. I know Billy J. Cramer. Did you like the pictures I said? Yeah. The pictures of one. Oh, this is the guy with the Steve Tyler. Yeah, the best of. Yeah. You know that somebody's already offered me money for these pictures. Somebody used a big Steve Tyler fan. I got tons of us together. I mean, I've no Steve for three years. What do you mean of the last 30 years? Now, are you going to do what his ex wife is going to do now? I'm putting naked pictures on the internet. Come on. I don't sell any of my friends. Not every ever seen Steve Tyler naked. That's the obvious next question. Yeah, when you're just flipping a business swimming hole together, yeah, he got a small penis. Yeah, you know, big deal. Right. Of course, you're a black guy. So obviously, you have to put on the big ex. He got a much larger penis than you did. He's easy. He's just like, getting into a little, getting. Yeah, he's a little bit of a little bit of a penis like a kid. Yeah. And, uh, joke. Oh, you like Steve Tyler's at Titan. That's right. His name is why? What does it Valorico? Valorico's in difference. Yeah. Thanks, Joey. Joey Cramer's, you know, those did healthy weight lift their tight kids. Yeah. Him, him and I, and Steve went to high school together. Y'all got a job in New York. Yeah. I'm going both terms for 30, 30 years plus now. Well, I guess this is, this is your claim to fame. It's like, you know, Johnny Goll and once the league next in the garage, I'll be, you know. Oh, we have a good time. When they were here at the, uh, Coles guy. Right. Yeah. That's the reason. Why would they perform at a crappy place like that, Coles guy amphitheater? Why would they go there? Because it's somebody paid him enough to be. Somebody gets Sony made them go there just like the back street. You know, there's everything. I think that place and they showed up. You know, I said, you're going to be in my neighborhood. This talk about always had to drive out of Miami and that arena place to go see him and say, hello and all that. Now, it's coming to my neighborhood. Yeah. Now, here it's close to the home. I just go out. Yeah, but that's a crappy place. Why would they go in the macarina? OK. No, we had a good time there and the stage is nine. Because it didn't rain. OK. You don't have to stay in the city. It's not the acoustics were fine, but you're getting, uh, I had an ammonia there that night. That's right. Yes. I'm sorry. Why didn't go back to Sierra Smith? I'm not going back to the, uh, whether without what he grade where I'm not going to that awful problem. But I think it was a new deal. You don't get a contact high there. Yeah. That's true. You don't get a contact. Right. Have a great day. Well, he said it the first time. But, you know, OK, we have an open line of brown and two. Well, the name of a video. OK, it's not like he said the word. Did he say the word? I mean, somebody forgot to film this isn't the damn sports show, OK? Where the hell is that? By the way, oh my god. Where the hell is that thing? Look at the sh**t, son of a blonde man. 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You can't say teach on a radio sir. Here's a mobile in Miami, even if you do know Stevie Tyler. You know, hello. Hello. Yes. Bill, former coworker years told me that you were a two pump jump. Is that true? Ha ha ha ha. Oh, yeah. Yeah, pump this. Two open lines a day two and brown. And 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Got a new clever man. You sound like you need a personality transplant. Here's a Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hey, guys. Yes sir. I call mine, Pinky. Yeah. Invite it to the last one. I must be related to the last one. Yeah. I'm not. Welcome to the Wednesday, sir. Why the connoisseants? Everybody at him. OK. OK. One line left out of board. Let it net sit. Then we can go home play aerosmith the rest of the day. Find out who the drummer is who's in the back picking their nose. Who's picking it. We're getting in pickin it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Why do I have that feeling of deja vu all over again? Like this is the week that they lost interest and they have no no matter what it is. Probably those terrible things you said about jolt and jolt and jolt and man geo the Yankee clip or the other day. Yeah, that must be it. They're pissed off at me now because I didn't like do the A&O usual thing and the step in line like everybody else wants you to do. I don't know if you could pretend that there was all been out of shape because jolt and jolt and man geo croaked at the young age of 84. 560, 560, and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Is this a show continues to prove what a high percentage of moron's living is down. Well, all right. Sports for abs. Who's those ASSERISO? The neutral sister is a... ...ninger sister doesn't kiss you many guys and consider what is a longer kind of thought. No. Kind of ganger sister's problems, she's okay with you. Every time he sees a sister, well it must give no trouble. Well, red band was her hobby, but now she likes the hobby and he don't much like her views. neutral sister is a... ...new sister is a... ...ninger sister doesn't she for legs of fights, will make up over eyes or dick you saw. English sister sister's trials, she's okay with you. Well she ain't like her dick brother, must be her overhouse. Cooking with little sister has never had a mislurition, never met her trials or mouths. neutral sister is a... ...new sister is a... ...ninger sister doesn't kiss you many guys and consider what a long life you're kind of thought. Can't this hear it she's proud she's okay with you. But if that is my daughter ever, then they did one. If it works for no trouble, then I'm sure there's a lot of Jackson fella. And actually, well, like about it, maybe it'll last me and wouldn't be so far out. By the way, Elvis is still alive, anybody want to go to Grace Lane and check it out. We have two open lines in dates. Anyway, name one other member of the Guess Who beside Burton Cummings. Can you do it? I can't. Is he a little one out of it? One of my favorite groups in fact, how come nobody mentioned that to me? I mentioned that to me that we're talking about some of the best groups of all time to guess who's a nominal. Great. Burton Cummings in the Guess Who from Canada to No. Lessah, anybody know anybody else in that group? No. And who cares? What difference does it make? You don't know if you've had a good meal unless you know the name of the chef. Unless you know the name of every ingredient that was in it. Unless you're the name of the waiter? The farmer that you're... Unless you know the name of the waiter and his boyfriend. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. See, that's one thing about me that I'm very pleased and I've always been this way all my life. If I like a certain piece of music, if I let a see a movie that I think is great, and other people say, oh, you got crappy taste. Like a lot of people say I have crappy taste in music including you, makes no difference to me. I don't care because it's all relative. In other words, if it satisfies me, if I enjoy it, that's good enough for me. I don't need somebody else to reinforce. Oh yeah, that's really great. You're right. What could taste you, I don't care. It's of no consequence to me. And I'll say it again. Most people like vanilla ice cream. Sorry, rest my case. Rimes with no taste. Here's the Miami, hello. A lot of people like Rice and Roney too. Miami, hello. Miami, going once. Okay, have a nice day. Here's a mobile in the Gabel cello. Yes, sir. You might have crappy taste in music with this too. For two people at the terminal, to one being our estimate. Yeah, never. And we can go. Hold on. If you start error Smith is not even debatable. I don't see it. I'm sensational. They're unbelievable. They're great. Anybody who doesn't like them has got taste in their. Right, okay. And Mr. Rodriguez, you went over the line with me not can we smell. Let me tell you what, I'm afraid as they come. Right. When you play that little bit, I'm driving my car just like that. I can change the words. Exactly. So George, I don't know. I mean, you're Cuban man at least. I mean, I don't go for that. Sir, I guarantee if the reason the girl would come here and eat a maybe an O.T. with George, he would embrace him. He'd see his best thing that ever hit the face of the year. Let me tell you what, you're going on my way. All right. I was just might be in the middle of that with O.T. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Hey, listen up before I go. I'll give you one thing from me. Yeah. And you say free, major, Miami, vice. What? What? What? I'm okay. Have you seen the good thing, honey? Let's go. I'm tired. Let me. Yeah. I'm okay. I remember when I first started playing that stuff on the ear of people saying, well, we don't understand lyrics. And I said, yeah, but you know what? It's music. Does it really make a difference? No. Music. It's the sound of it. You don't have to understand lyrics. Open line and, uh, Broward, all three and day. Boy, you people this week are about as spastic as I have ever seen in my life. Really weak. Really weak. We got eight million different things going on here today. If this town had any small sit-all besides talking, Cro-K, which they use 20 hours at any station. Yeah. This is your Cro-K station for the 90s. That's a real macho enterprise. 567, 0560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Hello, me, oh. Yes, sir. Uh, sir. Is it? I'm out. Okay, get a phone at work and call me back, okay. Here's a mobile in Coconut Creek, hello. I do a nail off that list of jewelry or shelf forever and ever and ever. Yes. I just want to say, thank you. I'm in the teenage as a rule. Yeah, they suck. Oh, my goodness. Everybody trying to think like that in the 50s. I'd remelade them. Frankly, Lyman of the teenagers is bubble gum. Black bubble gum. So, I think if you put legalized family in South Florida, it will hurt you. Okay, great. That's good. Okay, whatever you say. Call up the lightbulb. Okay, they're not on there anymore, but in your case, it will make any difference. Open line and Broward 2 in date, 567, 0560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. If you do, love. I don't know you, but I don't know you. I don't know you. I don't know you. I don't know you. I don't know you. I don't know you. I don't know you. I don't know you. Even the polka's speaking at the right now. I don't know you. Come on, baby. Let's go downtown. Let's go downtown. Oh, even Michael Jackson sounds much or compared to Frankie Lann. Well, he's only about 10 years old. Terrible. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. See you all. What are you doing? Okay. All right, sure. Bob can turn it over to right. Yeah, they're pretty good. Canadian. Yeah. And. Okay, that's you. That's you. That's two open lines in day. Now, do you hear the sound on that phone, by the way. We've got somebody dicking with my phone. I would bet at least a million dollars a sort of somebody else's money. That there is dicking going on with his phone. 23 years. I've somehow survived not only a lithargic audience, not only grow test management, but that most of the time, new nothing would know they're asking their elbow, but also a dick and around by people with a phone company. And then we got the bleeding through from the other from the ISDM, which I have no idea how that winds up getting in here. But don't ask our engineer about it because they're busy building our new studio upstairs on the third floor like that's going to make a difference with the same crappy old equipment, which it's not. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, you're doing. Okay, sir. All right. Good English singer though was pretty mercury. That's a good looking, but he was good singer. Who's that? I don't know how hard. He was okay. He was okay. Yeah. I think he was. I wasn't a big queen fan, sorry. All right. I might get a queen. What is this? Okay, that's it. That's that's a medley of his call. Boy, these people got good material that they are what? No. No. That was last week we did that. Okay. That was last week. Last week's stuff. This week we're talking about dead people like Peggy Kass. Did we get one call about Peggy Kass? No. Joe de Mangel. Eight million calls. Who had no significance to my life. Did I ever see Joe de Mangel on a quiz show? No. Did I ever see him on my TV other than doing Mr. Coffee? No. He was a recluse. What the hell did he have to do with my life? I ever see him play a ball game? No. No. See, you people out there you want to be led. You want somebody else to tell you, this is important. This is what's good. Yaddi, yaddi, yaddi. That's why you're all out there eating those fricking snack wells. Because somebody decided, oh yeah, we're going to sell a crapload of this stuff because it's low fat. Even though it's loaded with sugar and loaded oozing with refined carbohydrates. And by the way, it's not just refined carbohydrates. It's all carbohydrates. Our killers, a potato, a nice medium sized potato, is loaded with sugar. The minute you put that in your body and your body starts metabolizing it, it turns it into instant process. God damn, as you call to baby, sugar. Zuketo. As the, as the, walk say. But you're propagand and they go on television. You people are a bunch of murderers you television people. You just pedal a lot of propaganda. And anybody that, oh, it's just like they're peddling this cellulite. This pill that's sundown is come out with, you know, it's supposed to break down the cellulite. That's big over there and I'll straight your somewhere. So now they saw the story on date line or whatever show that was on you. Then I, so right away now they got all the local loose cash. Well, it may work. It may not work. A magic pill that makes you send it like always. Anybody believe that that's got a brain. No, of course not. Is it working? No. Like I, and again, this time I was an answer to them. Then the wee hours of the morning you wake up. You can't sleep. You turn on TV. There's a, I request to rot again. That goofball. That light, wait. Erica, strata. And guess where that information was filmed by what he even mentioned. In Miami. A key. Premium vitamins. I made a note to, keep in mind the name of this place. Oh, yeah, you know, we couldn't believe it. People were taken as crap. That's basically what he says. We couldn't get over it. What is frosted here, man, and is frosted flakes, rhymes with fakes. And Erica strata. He's a chip off of your old chip rhymes with, yeah, that too. I'll tell you one thing. You see it on television. You better run. That's the sad part. This powerful television is, they could sell you good stuff on there. But 99% of what they put on there is garbage. Crap. Like the juicy man. By the way, you know, the guy that Jay, whatever his name is, the dude with the big eyebrows, Jay, I don't know what his name is. He's only 28. I'm trying to, that beat you is we'll kill you. Here's a mobile in the redland. Hello. Hey, how are you? Good afternoon. Let's know the, one of the band members of the Gets, too. The guy I almost immediately to punch was I think is Randy Boxer and a drum block winner. Really? Small details. But I think why he's talking to the band. I'm from that era. And I knew believe the block wins were part of Gets who they can burden coming to us. And a drum block winner over drive became a band. And then the Gets who, I guess. I think that's what I'm going to tell me. But somebody intercepted his call and like chopped them off. Somebody from Bell South is messing with our phone lines and chopped them off in the middle of his sentence. Another thing he'll got here is, and it's, they're long-jewity. So that's a big deal. And so, I think, I think I speak a lot. I think if you look around some of the bands today, how many of them are going to be around, and how many of those people are going to be around? Yeah, how many of them are going to be around? 12 3 to 9 years and then they can become back and have a number one hit, not too many. So, you know, I think I alluded to them there and then another band I don't know if you like or not from that era. There's still around in in Bits and Pieces is the Dooby Brothers. Yeah, pretty good. I like the Dooby Brothers. Yeah. They went to the Jazz Stage in Mike and McDonald. I think they went downhill. They got the, they got the, the lead singer back. rock and you know they're still around. Even Frank Sinatra was doing that do we do be do crap you know and what's wrong with do be every now and so what are Jamaican friends say here. Good name anyway but anyway the others we're like you know and I love your show at how good day but. In fact to you. See there you go we got some people with some taste now okay do be brothers I like them. How about America they were pretty good course with no name. They mean one other one they had several really good sister golden here. That wasn't one of them. Oh that was you like sister golden here that was a bubble that was probably the worst part of the game. I like all that. That was a bad record. I mean they had some really good hits. Oh I got to get the book. All right come up here on me isn't that the name of that song? Yes America. Oh I need you. Oh and I would give the half that that was one of my all time reached only number nine. Now horse with no name of course was number one for three weeks. But I need you. God was that a great great great epic record man. Yeah but what was the lead series name. Yeah right who is the drum peak. Who was the drummer. Christ pseudo intellectual assholes. Anyway it's the blood and fifty six and five sixty QAM. Kill the goal. All right. Well I will find those feet raised and I hope that you will find that I bought you a brand new raises for the bush between your five. I don't want to hurt your beauty, but if you can't resist all about fun, then just try and trim a little of the side. So is your huge airplane, my shrimp is bad, all anxious have I agree with you, you were chaining, so I'm in prison. I don't want to wear a suit pen when I'm down the tweed your legs, and this smell is kind of game. You could use a black nourishing. I'm not trading through the juggles, but far too grillo that you've got, because I feel like I've had a sex with these each time. When your huge egg and a little, you saw a shadow and some stuff. I just fall like a gimme, and I'm not attached for like a dry egg or a third time. Every time we do this, we're happy that you're with each other. You can even use a black nourishing. You know, what to do? I never realized you'd be hung up on a blue one. What's human diversity came from? Okay, it's, oh, she's great. Three minutes after noon and five, 60, WQAM. Sure anyway, we're just talking about sister golden here and look at that. Look at that. We've got a library of crap here, man. You can even, you could name a flavor of fart, and we got a bit that's like, is in that flavor. We got it. America horse with no name, which of course was their biggest number one for three weeks. I need you. Oh, man, somebody out there's got that record. Maybe, both of them Brian's got that. Man, I might even put something extra in this check next week, but I doubt it. Ventura highway, lonely people. I don't remember that, do you? Loaming people? Sure. You know what if you heard it. Sister golden here, which did make number one one week. It was good, but it was really, you know, and you can do magic. That was good. You can do magic was great. Reach number eight, like I said, great. In the old 48. America, that's a group that needs to be honored. You're right. You see, you can't, you cannot pick the 10 best record. It's ridiculous. Like picking the greatest 50 athletes. So, how do you do that? Remember that, you know, they did the thing with the 100 best movies, what a bogus list that was. Although, did kill a couple of good days for us here. They even hank muscle and on that deal. You know, that's how all hanks people, they thought that the one movie they thought the best was animal house. I'm serious. I remember driving home that day after we had the big discussion about it. And all those guys were, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo. That we're doing there, you know, they're our senior deal. It was no porches. Yeah, that got in there too. By the way, every day, cheap porches. But seriously, I mean, animal house was a funny movie in John Bullock. She's dead, but fat, drugs. Here's a mobile and open locket, hello. I'm going to do it. Great. By the way, that medicine helps remove your satellite. I agree with you, bunch of garbage. Yeah. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. I mentioned about medication you were taking and you read it from that drug book, all the side effects. Adelaide. Adelaide? Yeah. How do you spell that? ADALAT. Adelaide. Okay. Rhymes with rat attack. Okay. Neal, if you can kill some good time, you can kill some good time. Right. It's not a little scary, are you? Exactly. What is it? If you could a little bit later, to kill some good time and put in some bits, could you read the side effects again of that? No. FissenLine and Dave. 5, 600, 500. 5, 60 and pound five, 60 on the mobile one line. Great call Pam. Here's Mamie B. Chilo. A short meal! Yes? Are you doing it today? Okay, I... Couple of good things that came from Canada besides me though. Don't reveal that to me. I just wanted to say something. Okay Ted, you sound kind like Woody, you really haven't heard from Woody your long time. Things are starting to hurt a bit because you might have deeper happiness than he, because of Adelaide's advice not to identify you personally. I found him in the trunk of a car somewhere in a highway. He was on the causeway with Centino. With the brutal femurino? Yeah, a car I could bring up today. El, no. I was Andrew Koonannan. I was just going to ask you what you thought of. Two Canadian, two, well, one band and one person. And a rush? Rush? Rush? OK. OK. Like, I think Neil Perth is very, very good drummer. And I don't know the drummer. Now I know what you're going to say about her, but I think she's adorable. Oh, man. It's more at set. El, Anis Morris, and if we've got the word Anis in their name, we're going to repel's me, you know? Yeah. No doubt, but she's no, what's your name? The one with the, I can't, I got her name blocked out of my, I don't even say it. I don't want to say it. The little one from the tight corner. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I don't have to hear my voice. I don't even sing until Anis. Come on. I'm singing a good song. He's a good non-zating man. Oh, it's Jesus Christ. In fact, that's our pull question. Who's more disgusting? Salindiana or Leo? Hey, Uncle Leo. Yes. One sandwich or quatt? Canis, Mascio, Salina or Leo? That's no, that's not the thing. Yeah, definitely the other, the other. The Pistachian is Mascio and Maria or Leo, the caprio. The Bucky one, Animari. Yeah. The Kistangra. And the five six school broadcasting? The one? Five six, you've come. The two answer. OK. All right. Good on you. Two open lines, the date count. E five six, seven, five, six, the Pant five, six, the on a mobile one line. Anybody got their record? I need you by America. Oh, oh. See you people. But it's rap music today. I don't want to sound like an old-fuddy, buddy. If there's good music I hear today, like stats. By the way, you know something I listen there, I reckon, a hundred more times hard beat by steps. And it's great. I don't care what you say. I like it. You think that calling in here and you're going to tell me that, oh, that was boring. And you say it's vanilla. He, the George even says, amazing by Erosmith is vanilla. What's vanilla about it? You don't want to hear the beginning of that song? How would you get on this music crap to last couple of weeks? Huh? You know how we got on it? Because it all started because I saw that see when you see those informers for old music, that's great. Not because you want to buy the CVs, because it's usually a rip-off. But because you see they show you actual film clips of a lot of the groups that you never saw before. You know what I'm talking about? Like the box tops. Do you ever see the box tops from the letter? White guys buy a leg. He knew, heard him. I understand, but I'm just saying it's kind of neat to when you see them. That's why I saw Carl Wilson moving the lead and I can hear music, which started. I would hear the whole symphony orchestra. Oh, symphony orchestra. Do I talk to them? I'm afraid you're going to watch this damn under drum. What's his name? I can't do it right on. Down. Do I run? And let's run one bit. And you're telling me this is an engine. You're just saying things to me. To be aggravating an edge is telling him that it works. It's all of these things. So what time is it? I have. Like I said, I don't hear something about salt-like faces. First of all, it got taste like yours. The best 7 and 11 you like. You're going to watch. Man. Right here's the record of all time. But we don't want to see his penis in here. What a thought. I hear his voice was brow-copeasy. He blasts his arm. I'll put it in the back. And the head is in the muffins. I think he's probably familiar. Even if you don't like it, I'll probably be in the dead room. You're the main thing. We're the main thing. We're the main thing. You're finally the main thing. You're a part you really are. And you do like Luis Miguel. Now that you're doing these filling shows, now you're trying to change your whole image. You've got some hate mail today. I love mail. A lot of hate mail from some nice Christian lady out there once I can burn him. Because he didn't know the one. If you better stop doing those shows on religion, God damn it, you're going to burn on that lake of fire. You even bastard you. That's not worth any. He didn't speak. Jews wicked afford to be heathens because our religion's all about food anyway. That's right. All of our holidays are about the home enthhation, about the wine, all about food. Lots of food ain't so good like the lots of crap lost. There you go. But they're going. They got religious holidays. They're supposed to be like, we're religious holidays. Oh my God, they nailed them. We were across. Oh boy. What a God that is. Nine minutes past. No, just stop and think about that. Okay. God gives his son so that they could nail him to a cross. So if you believe these fairy tales, you could also maybe get nailed to a cross. That's the fucking guy my dad. I got a one. W Q A F. His crowds and renew. W Q A F School of Broadcasting. Yes, you too. Could have an illustrious career. It's a wonderful world of radio. If you follow our curricula, the course is free. Of course you'll work for free. Call 1-800-1-A-B. And speak to our director of education Mr. Lenny Margen. Now, you want me a black ass dog? Oh, I want a black ass dog. Black ass dog. Yeah. No. No, no. Fuck, can you say news? You. No, no. You, you, you. Yeah. God, that's not news. You. You. You. I'll take you on the tour. You need help. Yeah. We have the no, no, it's beginning to fall. We, we, we, we. We, we, we, we, we. It's end up to me now. We, we, we, we, we, we. We, we, we, we, we. We, we, we, we, we, we. We, we, we, we, we, we, we. We, we, we, we, we, we. We, we, we, we right. Tonight, we, we, we have the expected delivery loan. We got the new schedul, dead signal. We got the new, we did it. And I invite you all to introduce your fan with open message. change. Cooking after me. And... Nah, that's what I want to do. Okay. And... And... And... And... And over there in this woman's daughter, one of them. Yeah, she's the wonderful, wonderful, well-dove radio. Oh, radio. Where you can hear your own voice. Let the W2AM School of Godcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your wet radio dreams come true. I mean, one from two. Where's one of those? Yeah, yeah, whatever you said. Okay, 2015 at 5.60W, I'm going to tell you their names there like, Del Shannon. Oh, Del, don't do it! Ah, Christ. Del Shannon. Not one of the top 10. Jackie Wilson. How come is that never came up? You go out there and you don't know your music. And you scarches out there with his puffed daddy crap. Please puffed daddy. He's working on Ricky Martin right now. Okay, I think they're working on each other. Jackie Wilson, lonely, tear drops, higher and higher. Which fits right into this time like a rubber. Yeah, I'm alive. The great Jackie Wilson. In that sad, how the most of these people, I mean, Jackie Wilson turned into a vegetable member there. He's dead, right? Dead. Del Shannon, like I said, Didn't bother just running away. It was blow away. Blows brings up. So the call to this book, All these famous rock star, Marvin Gaye. Dead. Daddy done it. Oh, tell you who else I love that. See, all you got to do is turn the pages. Just turn the pages here and you're giving me a Frankie Lyman and the queen ages. Crazy. The OJs would not be out with all due apologies to recent events in, You know, in World History here. All due apologies to Nicole. You know what I'd be talking about? Oh, damn, sure you do. The OJs. Let's dig traces. Love it. Backstabbers. Perfect for this business. And I got in here somewhere too. Love train. Wow. If that isn't one of the most, I mean, if that doesn't get your finger snap it and you're a thighs though, rapid and you're a thing, uh, flatpin. Love train. Get on board, baby. Or is like somebody said, hop aboard and blow it out your ass. And that would Chris Morrison. Here's a mobile and Kindle. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Great. I got, I need you right here. I also believe it and I'm in my car. And I also have the beach clothes. I can hear music. Yeah. In my car, I need you. And also, I have a thing of A. I'm gold about it. It's the 70s classics about seven, eight CDs. The poly has every song you love on. Really? Yeah. Would you get that? With a mail through, uh, you know, TV thing. I can name, I can go through just a few songs here. Uh, oh, one and I. By, uh, thank you, Valley, full-diverner, fellow love. More might feel slide. Yeah. I can use it pretty good. Yeah. So I probably will see that, by the way. Oh, probably. I know Paul, Danner. Danner, this is Danner. But I have, I need your right here if you want to hear a few, uh, Oh, I'm new year. You're going to play it on your thing. I go ahead. I'll play right there. Not that sound like. I'll play 10 seconds in and come back if you like. Okay. America. And. Oh. The color. The color. The color. The color. The color. Like I said, the girl is cool. Oh, this. I'm going to be more. I don't know. It's a great song. It is. And even on, like, how did they leave America out of our list? Yeah, but these this time and it got tasting their toast. You know what? I, I, you probably love the music. I was, and I got a thing through the mail that I got from Chicago. Yeah. And it's, it's great. It's got everything on it. It's, you know, I'm talking the group Chicago. I love Chicago. And Bobby Lamb great. Yeah. I've been, I even know who he is. I mean, he was great. I was very can't do it by the Terry. Oh, Jesus. I don't know. But another payment. And I got, uh, Brad, Dave, I'm a one child. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's the only, he is David Gates. Great voices in history. A lot of, I love that music was great. You're right. How did you get the next boy over late middle bert of Kevin and I waited for him in writing, at the international gadgets andar, you got the nice dressing rider. You really get handed into the kitchen, don't you want me to slow down things like these into my office getting back to work? Many times in this game. Yeah. It was like that, five to six times for kids to learn about, because almost nine of them were never going to work at theal publica or whatever kind of gamellan in the year that way to move in years, maybe, hold on, 10, 10, 10, 10, wait a minute. Temptation, the greatest song in the history of the human race, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, I got that somewhere here. Yeah, I have the right, this is just, this is just in my car. You're, you're, uh, wizard. And the first, thanks for making my life worth more. No, later, another great song. Jonah, or later, yeah. Like, I have a great thing. Get out of here. This guy was great. The grassroots, the top group in the history, how could, and what was the end of the drummer, by the way? I, I couldn't name you any of the singers. I remember the picture as I remember one or two of them that looked too bad, but I mean, seriously, the grassroots, midnight confessions, but temptation eyes. Oh, just blows me away. I mean, I realize it wasn't no, I'll get in jiggy with it. If I ever see him again, you know, if I ever see Will Smith again, I'm going to hurt something. God help my little miniature pincher. If I, he happens to be sitting there like, we're close to me on a couch and Will Smith's here. Come on, my TV set. Open line of date, county, 560, 50560, and pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hi, Neil. OK. I'm here this guy at all. Hi, I'm Emmy now. A little bit. Yeah. I'll change phone real quick. The grassroots you're just talking about him. Love the grassroots. That better? Yeah, much better. OK, grassroots. I heard something recently just, well, since the guy mentioned it, they were playing at some boardwalk somewhere. I was really sad. You know, I mean, it's such a great group. Was that a big hit that everybody loved? Yeah. Resign to like, you know, playing a peer. Let's live for today. Midnight confession and sooner or later. Absolutely. And how come Tim Owen? Kevin knows how come I just got in touch with that? And I'd wait a million years. I think he didn't know. Oh, yeah. It's tremendous. But why do I have all the information I've been trying to visualize on this list by the way, my book. Why is temptation eyes not on his list? What kind of a list is this? What kind of a book is this book? Is temptation eyes ain't on it, which is the best song they ever did? Go ahead. Oh, there it is. Only by the number 15. Trying to cross this Monday when you're talking about the the poll with Kubrick and the Maggio. Yeah. Of course I vote for Kubrick. Now what about Peggy Cass? I guess we're going to mention that. I said, well, that's not the paper today. Yes. To tell the truth, you're the same age and the right era. Yeah, love it. You know something but, Kyle, he's dead. Yeah. Jerry Moore, he's dead. They have a Jack Parscolon. Yeah, that's right. Boy, do you see, oh, I saw him. Oh, picture him a few days ago. He looks bad. He's 120 80. He looks really, then look out. They over 120. Speaking of who's still alive in a clockwork orange. Do our fader. Boy, you're not Darth Vader. David Prouse. The guy that played the, uh, the Julian, the a big muscle body bodyguard. David Prouse. The old guy with a typewriter, the vegetable. I, uh, try to line. Yeah, that the big guy was Darth Vader, right? Very good. And, uh, I'm going to ask you something. We're talking about the words you can say on the radio. Yeah. Is there a double standard now? Because I watch NYPD blue and they say that word all the time. What teach? That's it. You can't say tips on the radio. Even said it with the IES. Really? Absolutely. Well, you can't say poor. You can say, Titt Willow. I wouldn't say Titt Mouse. Tell me, and I think I've heard it on the radio. But I don't remember where. Amanda, it's okay. Have a great day. Hey, thank you. See, we got two colors in a row to actually know something. I know nothing but least I admitted. Okay. I'm not too bright. I'm the first one to admit that. But this, oh, Martha and the Van Delas. Yeah. I learned the pages of this book. But when this man said temptation eyes, I just melted like a little puddle of olio. Wow. What a song. And you know, it's a corny thing. They don't make them anymore like they used to. And they don't record them anymore like they used to either. How about Neil Diamond? Yeah. She said it on the crook. How about Cretan's Clearwater? Oh, Pete Bulger. See, I should have known that he was an asshole because he used to have his play all that CCR on Zeta all the time. Cretan's Clearwater. Roland. Roland. I'm telling you, Pukin is what I'm doing. I heard the music Pukin because we just over saturated with that on Zeta. The Alan Parsons Project, the greatest song in the history of music. Seriously. You know what's what I'm talking about? Pioneer eye. Yeah, the pie and your eye. The pie on your fly. Eye in the sky. Speak in a Zeta. I must have played that probably more than any other record doing that you're on Zeta. I love that. That song. You know what it's similar to? Every a bret you take by the police. That same haunting, you know what I'm talking? Haunting. I've nightmares about it. Mostly about Pete Bulger that you're on Zeta. Eye in the sky by the Alan Parsons Project. We just took a poll on this beautifully. Oh, the greatest song in the history of the human. What? No, I like this song. Oh, it's great. But I like their old stuff better. Yeah, who is the drummer? Alan Parsons. Yeah, who is the singer? He hired the performers every time. Yeah, he said it was a real project. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. The at H. Yes. How you doing, Neil? No, God. I was listening to the George Rodriguez show a few weeks ago. Yes, sir. And I thought he was outstanding. Yes. And I'm hate me a lot. I love that. No, he's really good in his ass. Show's got a good flow to it. He's going to notice I'm going to be starting to take a hell of a lot more days off pretty soon. I'm going to be getting through this. Yeah, if you're feeling like it or not, what am I going to do about it? One thing about it. Farmy, he does sound like a little bit of a fact. Don't you think? No. I don't know. You know something off the year, no. But on the year, yes, it's funny you should mention that because one day I left your early and went to the airport and he was finishing the show. And I thought no wonder people say that because on the air, it makes him sound a little fruity. I thought not that. But he believes not. He's not. Oh, I just found that. I have a great day, sir. Here is the greatest group. Oh, I just fell on it and you're not going to believe it. And now, now, I'm going to how many times over the years, if I had a hunt for their music on Columbia records. And we went, in fact, on IOD, remember that somebody who was a part of the group called in one day, there were a few different groups that people, but this one, the crying shames. Remember, who had it could be were in love, which was my favorite. They had Sharon's place which sucked up on the roof. They did their own thing or up on her. But it could be were in love. Oh, that record right there, like I said, the greatest song in the history of recorded music. It could be were in love by the crying shames on Columbia records. The date was, where it? August 1967. Jesus. We're talking some serious heavy-do-de-stuff now. 1226, I've five, sixty. In fact, how about the red rubber ball? The, the, the group red rubber ball by the, come on, come on, come on real quick. George, I can't believe this. Columbia records. Red, again with the C. What is it? Cannot believe this in my moment of need. Everybody's paying all over your leg. Telling how wonderful you are. Red rubber ball by circle. Jerk. Circle with a Y. I did look it up. Hey Luis Miguel, play it, baby. Come on, remember this all of a sudden these days. These are the good old ones. Yeah, the men were men in women were. That's a good one. I think I've heard that much from America. Look at the spirit. Look at the plight. See the dead man that attacks me? Well there we go. Haven't seen the C. Looks like right here. I'm not a man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. I'm not a good man. There you go. Yeah. Oh. Oh. If you don't melt when you hit that song, you got a heart of stone. I'll tell you there right now. Okay. If you're like, you did some kind of a punch. I don't care if you're like a redneck from David. I don't care what you are. I don't care if you're some sparks of probability city. If that music does doesn't turn your insides to only a margarine. There's something wrong with you, man. You're telling me that's not a great song. I'm going to say great as Spanish language record and history right there. Till I play the next one. Till I stick your meat. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Mr. Rogers. See. The greatest rock and roll song of ever. Yes. The dead milkman. Pong crock girl. Yeah. Yes, I have. And. I mean, you're talking about the tidyable man. Is this friend we have an open line of date five six seven. That was one of your little. Uh, who the. Which you have so many one of your little fan club. What a George is little fan club of Mr. Who the. Five six seven five sixty and five sixty on a mobile one line. I think they're kind of the dead Kennedy's by the way. Not the dead milkman. I'm talking about the. Here's my. Hello. Yeah, I got. Oh, I love spirit. I got a line on you. Greatest record in the history of music. I was in epic records. Yeah. I got a line on you. I remember playing that a year in Kalamazoo. Michigan 1968. Great record. What taste this guy's got. We finally found a few people for some taste. Yeah. That's a great song. Yeah. You know, famous people who died. I'm sorry. Like a cell. Right. The guy who played Superman Reeves. George Reeves. Yeah. I mean, they're still investigating. I think he's been dead 100 years. I didn't want to talk about. I remember reading about some. What is a three-eyed turtle. Yeah. I just heard that talk talked about it with. Have some. What are these days? No. There's supposed to be something about a three-eyed turtle. Like with three people. I've always heard that terminology. Oh, he was doing the old three-eyed turtle. I can't take that here. I don't say that. Okay. I'm sorry. And one last thing. I thought he had a... Gary Pucket and the union. Yeah. I think he's a real man. Maybe. And the last one, only. How about vanilla fraud? Okay. I've never heard of that. Did he really say what I thought he said here? You can't say those kind of things that the family show. Were you fudge back then? No. I'll put it on. Okay. I think I'm going to be a good one. I think I'm going to be a good one. I think I'm going to be a good one. I think I'm going to be a good one. I think I'm going to be a good one. I think I'm going to be a good one. But anyway. How they doing by the way? What is the drummer? For vanilla ice, for robber, or vanilla ice, vanilla fudge? Second of, second of, rock quartet. Before the New York 1960s, Vinnie Martell guitar. Mark Stein. Mark Stein? Mark Stein? Mark Stein? Mark Stein? Mark Stein? Mark Stein? Mark Stein? Count Jewish to me? Tim Vogert, basis with cactus rod stored in Jeff Beck rhymes with Todd Dreck. And Carmine a piece. No relation to a Carmine I've a teller. Melon? No, I know what you like. If this isn't the greatest song, first you're by by the list, you must be some kind of comedy. Wow, you don't know that song. You don't know crap. Open line of date counting. 560, 560, pound 560. See, and all the time you hear all of this stuff, and make it reinforce something very depressing. The fact that the FM the music stations in the sound plays such crap, such garbage nonstop. Round the clock. We got the worst radio all the way around. Oh, in the music. Make sure you want to barf. Make sure you want to just hang your head in the bull. 24 hours a day. Here's a mobile and dear field beach, hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Two things. How about David Gilmore? Thanks. David Gilmore. Yeah, thank you. I think we already had to mention part of many times. I just not. I think I'm going to pick Floyd. Okay. I like Doug Gilmore better. Yeah, I go ahead. Saturday night. I went to the Panthers game. Artists kill more yes. What is the claims problem? He seems to leave that net. They all take the pads off of him and make him a defender. There's no way he just gets caught. We outskated them. What are you talking? He didn't play a bad game. What game are you watching? We didn't even show up. It was a coma game. Didn't even bother getting off the bus. I hate to break the news to you. The problem that this team has had is you're not in the golden thing. Okay. Either one. I just think you should tell the net. Okay. Well, I'll tell you. I'll tell you. We have an open line in the Broward. Trying by the way, both Carolina goals in the game were power play goals. I just mentioned it. 21 till a one is five sixty WQAM. So by the way, the old crabbie old bang that just called George. It's all better to shade because you don't like to show it. They blow it out. You're smelling disgusting old ass. Okay. So we don't know. I want to download everything that's wrong. It's not his right at your footsteps, honey. Who does there's always hope when you go down on the floor? Go down on me. How about some Rudy Valley music, huh? Down on me. Victor Mohn. Here to my stop, it will be pleased if you make me a heart. I might even make you my rule, Vatican Garden. The guy will not to scratch a unity to my heart. And go down on me. Go way down on me. Take the old vision. I know you'll be impressed with watching Chai Mai Grandland. Stray for my legs will go down on me. I want you down on me. Go down on me. It doesn't smell right here in Shenzhen. I still don't know my dress. There's a dark room. There's a dark room. I looked at fire in the lawn. I looked at fire in the lawn. I was like, what's up? I don't think I'm going to be a pink shirt. I don't think I'm going to be a pink shirt. I don't think I'm going to be a pink shirt. I don't think I'm going to be a pink shirt. Only people like in my age, which there are no people in my age. The best song that I played this minute. I guess who? How could anybody with a brain leave them up? The guy puts Frankie to lie in unlawful. Frankie to lie in the teenagers who had one hit and like a marginal half of it with goody and all song they stole from somebody else. All that song is by the way. I'm going to look that up. It's like a 30 song. Frankie Lyman. You don't want to turn to that page. I just started turning it to don't turn to that page. Goody, goody. Number one hit for Benny Goodman in 1936. How do you like that? All Benny Goodman record. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. I'm going to see. You'm going to control the light light on. You see, there. Two. I will draw a light on your face. It is just. I think way more. I put a light on. Light can. And like where do you want. You want to see the light. Swstarter. I'm going to see. I'm going I'm going. Please. What's this? Nothing. I'm going. Just do it Drip. Let's go. I can see. I'm sure I had a face like this. I think this is what it's called. Come on already, where is it? You know what I said it is that I'm playing this stuff on AM. Oh, this one. I've never heard anybody playing music on this station, except that offer rejoin crap that they play on the sports shows. You know, they think that playing that stuff makes them sound real hip and cool, you know, but a really win them over big winemail audiences are working out. No. Like the James Brown stuff they play. Oh, poor any K, any you're a good guy there when at the gambling show and not you're great guy, any but oh, you and that James Brown stuff. Makes me want to. Here's Daniel. Hello. Hey, new. Yes sir. Hey, don't buddy. Great. How about Leonard Skinnerd? Man, if you want to tap he's okay. Oh, I said to have a great day. Open line. And it was that how about Leonard Skinnerd? We know Malibay and there's clapping at their red kick. You'll ask five, six, seven. Have you got the Allen Parsons project or if you got the crime, James, then I'll listen to it. Or if you got I need you by America. Got all the Parsons at home. Do you? Got that album done. Oh, I'm going to have to go back to the record store again. We're slow. I'm going to have to spend a ton of money. And I'm going to start lacking all this stuff up. And I think we're going to go up on the third floor and leave the doors on locked up. There you got another thought coming. Okay. I want you nine or ten years at IOD at that crap of people coming in when I wasn't there in a studio and picking and choosing and browsing and grabbing and stealing, whichever of Neil's great to eat. Everybody said that racket. Even bigger than this one here with about eight million CDs, which I only wish I had now. I would have played the Simon and Garfunkel Mrs. Robbins from the other day. But of course, that's long gone. You know, where he says, where have you gone? And Mrs. Robbins about? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, hi, hi. Great. What about the circle? The meddley of their hit. Red, red, red, red, red, red, red, red, red. So when I said, well, let's see other one. They had two songs. Circle. I guess I'm going to have to look it up because you just don't have time for my brain to work there well. Circle here's culture club. The circle turned down day. That wasn't too bad. And the drummer's name was Marty Freed. You're absolutely correct. You're in the bassist name was Tom Dawes. How do you like that? Because I'm reading a phrase from Bradley Beach New Jersey. Right. You should excuse the explain. By the way, signed a Colombian managed by the Beatles manager Brian. You won't see him no more ed steam. Right. They were popular. You should excuse me at the same time. But how about the crying chains? I'd like the circle. Okay. But I don't want to say the point that you're lazy to call. I do like Lushencobles. Yeah. That's good too. You played with the raisins. Uh-huh. Nice to meet you. I have a great day. Ever stuff, a jelly donut with a Reese's peanut butter cup. We have an open line in Broward. Five, six, five, sixty, five, sixty, five, sixty on a mobile one month. Like there. I tell you, will be as great like Fatso. It's great. Godfather. Great. Network. And you know it's not all a hockey game. Is there a do-it-in here? And I was watching the game on TV. And during the, I was in Anaheim. The ducks came. And they're showing on the scoreboard. The scene with Howard Beal there. With Peter French doing. But they don't play that part. They only get the part where he stands up with the raincoat and says, Now I want you to go to the window. And they don't show that part because they don't want him to say, Hell, in a hockey game. There's a bunch of little kids there. Of course, they're sparing each other in the gut. And there's blood all over the ice. But they're fighting and beating each other's brains out. But there's a little kid there. They don't want him to say, Hell. Right. Great. Right. Greatest movie in history. There is no contest. Right there. Network. Not, why are you laughing? It's no godfather. The godfather isn't even the same class with network. Godfather's number two. What? You're telling me, Godfather is better than network. Yeah. Network Patty Chayevsky was so pressured. They fired a whole world over him. He was so pressured. I loved that work. No question. But it's no godfather. Everything and everything we're living in it today. Yeah. Rick Sanchez. Carmel Caffero. Brian Norkross, the historical weather theory. All of that. This is 20, what? 26 years ago? 27 years ago? How would we get back on movies again, Goddammit? Did like a music show from that work? Was there any music in it? No. No. Here's a crawl spring. The music from Godfather, you're right. That was better. Yes, sir. I was going to say that song, the least me girl. America is not the song. It's Nina Bravo, who was really the monster of this Spanish voice. He couldn't make her the little Reese's butt. Oh, yeah. No. My name is Bravo. That's this song. That's this song. America is this song. He died in the cry. I couldn't do 34. He died in the cry. I guess then we're not giving it. It's okay to steal it because he's dead. Yeah. He bought a Ferrari around in his world. Oh, boy. Oh, my God. Yeah, he... Yeah, what is my words, where he don't see it? There's some with Yama Kee. Yeah. Look at that tree, that's what he's doing. There's some with Yama Kee. I don't know what he's doing. What about you want to hear my attachment for the nation? Oh, the answer is question? No. No, that's the answer. The name is English. It's not a zero. No, no. No. Nine. Yes. Yes. Yes. Right. Let's use a history. All of the exercises. See, that's a tough tree right there. Exorcist, network, and godfather. That's a tough tree to pick among, to choose, to pick, right? And of course, a clockwork orange, instead fits right in. Since, you know, of course, when somebody dies, then you always elevate everything a little bit. I do love a clockwork orange, but it ain't no network. Here is the four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I can connect the band circle with hockey. Yeah. I saw them. They were the warm-up band for the Beatles. I've been like 65 or something like that. They played at Olympia. And you tried. Yeah. How do you like that? That was kind of easy. I did a crappy old play. Yeah. I didn't have one of the last collars say that there was the same manager or something. Circle in the Beatles. Yeah. Now, I said that. It's in the book. Good. Good. Good. I think that's why Blue is brain-doubted with the circle I've done it. I've never even heard of that guy. Frankie Lyman or whatever. I'm 43. Yeah. Frankie Lyman on teenagers. They had a wide of full-spawn in love, which is a very big hit in 19th of year. Sixth and something like that. Yeah. And that was it. That was their big hit. They also had goody-goody, which is a marginal. And this guy makes me illusy other day. They're number eight best recording people of all time. This guy needs any calls in to try to argue with me about it. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. I'm telling you, who was great and a lot of people never even heard of that. That's right. That's right. That's unbelievable. So, all right. One of these people, no matter a bunch of punks, you know what I'm saying? What are you saying? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Four. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Any he wouldn't soft summer breeze? How you doing? You know, the crowd's here. Yeah. You know, one of those days, which is things like everybody's getting on the train from your teacher. Oh, sure. Yeah. I think that's the problem. We've been out there for Westlands, but in too much time in the, uh, T-Roll. 1256 at 560. And now with an amenet song, smoking in the T-Roll. It's the wilder to two hours. Like I said, the greatest recorded song of all time. This. Oh,ahs, China. Oh, come on, come on, just relax! She lands out of the GIGGLE. When he makes an Lesley-Gle. monarchos is not the kind you can do in the behind, Kshires cigar and herb-a'jaytis. Don't mind. When he don't know where a stove he goes, I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human horror. And then I can saw the surms, see their box, means saw her naked. He just saw his report he leaked and got in blind. And he was working hard, late nights in the ovary office, working on a practical job. Oh Back home, but a cigar and her vagina she's on my All people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband Feel that Hillary was wrong A family getting back from she was born and more And how far was she when her with bills all gone All right, Bill's a cause and Monica's vagina What? She left out a gigo Every pig and time he makes a wiggle Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind But us a car and her vagina she's on my All can't do you think? Yes, that's not fair, it's that's her Oh yeah, but you got to take a sip of it Everybody in the frown, oh yeah, yeah, yeah Number one, 17 bullets, 103 of five 60 WQM hang from Vegas to two Luke Shawby, you're six, no hockey game tonight, thank God That last night, you want to you want to know from it, okay? If you missed it, congratulations By the way, you know the greatest thing or all time we haven't even mentioned them and good friend of ours, this should give you a clue The girl calls it from this soon, oh, had a bug and ran it around Give it to every guy in town Eight to eight, another round, one more round One more round, one more round One more round, one more round I should have known from the bottom of the hill I did not miss it, you're a damn good, I'm not a fool, I would be with you To stay away from the surface soon, if it took a while to show the scene outside No sense of a friend of mine, you got to expect it now, I've got to do But keep away from the surface soon, yeah, keep away from that girl Hope that I'm doing it for two now, keep away from two She loves to stay for her, yeah, she's doing it with my dad's at home We didn't get enough time to come Now I'm afraid of falling off here's the bowl of the door From the guy who knows, he's the home of where this bug is from And getting to the old I'd never knew I keep away from the surface soon, yeah, keep away from that girl I told you my story, I was just a joke Oh, he's about to go that I want to move She took my love, then ran and ran She was with everything that I am found I don't want to be raising things about him, you can argue that it's the best And you can never come up with an answer You can never come up with it because he had so many You could just bunch up any one on this album here, the best Oh Yeah I wish to make a world my friend would stop me and sad and there's always When she kicked me I was born that she said goodbye And I knew right away On the cross Now I'm happy Oh, it's been gonna do up by the way just in case book of Brian might be listening some G. As no way No Oh my god you won't believe what's honest up which I never we I've had this for like 500 years and I never we like This was on here What Unbelievable and then there was always Yeah So you go you go up and down every cut on this album which is the Original 24 original classes Yeah That big of a hit but one of my all-time favorite the answer I love you so much You ever hear that never even heard that video She what what do you know you know I mean you're making effort to like find out what real music is about which I credit you for that Brother net like Even the best work of all-time All the mini was really Yeah, let's go Okay, so there you go D on the Mutshee we just decided all our pizons they called and they said hey, D on pretty good And we said yeah, whatever you say we have an open line of day five six 70 five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless non-gia kill that whole segment with D on love D on We love you a D on even all you hate us like poison since we've brought you up that old syphilisoo thing, but that's okay You'll get over it he does he hates us now. You still love me Well, they wrote us a letter him an or an email rescue memory. More escrow shout shout knock yourself out Remember that real New Yorkie kind of Bronx a Brooklyn cut-a-guy whatever it was and they co-wrote syphilis I mean run around Sue do they let me take a look at a thing who wrote it Run around Sue yeah the moochie in the moreska there you go. Oh finally got one right about time But anyway, so I guess he was living down here two this is many years ago in IOD and At that point they kind of like Rota ceileter and please we're not too happy to bet, you know we love you Dion but tell her you get a sense of humor It'll light just pot you not go that's great You know Road Benny made I'm on a tell-off any what I heard of Don't stop me talking I want to get everything I know I'm going to wrap the seeing back Hey You know Newton rich Richard pasado friend Asked the pop I'm gonna tell him it's a lingo. You know like that. Yeah, the only reason I play that because I know the borders of Pupi and there at the end and I'm that gets you suck on it. Why do you hate him so bad? I don't know if he did anything but that. You hate him. He's a hack. Haven't you heard he's coming back? Why do you know those shows you've done? Okay, let's do a mobile and crawl spring, so I'll. Yeah, and the outside band comparable to Elf Smith. Yeah. No other notes and you're right there. But a couple years ago, I'm see these special. Why is orchestra at all page plan somewhere? Did we think of that? Page plan. Led Zeppelin. Led Zeppelin, 23. Led Zeppelin, 23. I've never planned. Yeah, where's the gun of planning, by the way? I don't know. He's little off now, but I'll tell you why. You're definitely. I was like, you know, I mean, like a very limited deal with him. Yeah, I'm not. How long was Led Zeppelin big for about like six hours? Oh, that's good. No, I see you're out. I see you're out. Look, the reason I'm saying that is because Led Zeppelin was great, but to put them in the same category with arrows, but is like comparing, like comparing Peggy Lee with the gun. We should talk to those with guns. I don't go to counter. It's common. I'm just didn't be in a lot of bunch of stone asshole. I agree. Half the audience left at the first set. Even power screams at him to judge bunch of morons. Whether he's going. Where was that? First set and half the people are called style with bomb weapons. Oh, Carl Sky? Yeah, but what do you expect from up there? No, I'm not. There was too fat. Now to shape away. Do the six and 20 minutes of a fake. There's a lot of, I can see Marty Robbins. Nobody told me died, you know. Okay, everybody. They felt good in the phone. Oh, isn't for him or what? We have an open line today. If you tell me Led Zeppelin, okay, let's look up Led Zeppelin. You're okay, they're all right. Okay. Huh? Oh, there's the monkeys. That guy really pissed me off at me that comment about the monkeys. You got some nerve, Mr. Goodlisto. Yeah, Led Zeppelin. I mean, here's a medley of their song. Okay, whole lot of love. Set. We talked about what do you mean by my talking about that was there only big hit, whole lot of love. We can remember, they were in a top 40 then. Yeah. Well, they were from England. They had great hours of work. Every song on every album was full of old whos name of their drummer. What was the name of the drummer for Led Zeppelin? John Bonham. Even I know that. I know that. I read it in this book. Huh? Yeah, you should know that. John Bonham. And by the way, Jimmy Page had been in the yard birds. Remember, yard birds? They were kind of marginal for about five minutes. Yard birds? Yeah. Week. Here's a candle. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you today? Okay. Yeah. Okay. I wanted to ask you about, did you see parade? Well, my mother turned me out of the set. They've actually gave me a whole. Because I hate dental floss because it tears up your gums because it's usually like like fishing line, you know? Sure. Really sharp nylon and rip your gums on. Right. But Johnson and Johnson's reach floss. Jettled gum care. Floor ride formula. It's more like cloth, you know. And it doesn't rip your gum. I'm going to sit here, flossing for four hours. Well, how are the conditions of your gum? My gums are beautiful. Great. The gum. My gums in my feet are the only good parts of my body. The rest of it is crap. Somehow I'm happy to know that I have few things I want to discuss. I love the gums. Okay. Did you see parade magazine this week that's syndicated magazine? I never look at Donny those magazine. That all look at traffic and all look at parade. They had an interview with Roger Ebert and they were talking about James Cisco how he's still resting at home after his brain operation. In this week's, in this week's, he's got his job. That's for sure. He's resting very comfortably. I just couldn't have been in a view with Roger Ebert. That dance packet. I can't stand. Oh my God. You've got it. And then you remember a couple of years ago, Roger Ebert had that fake marriage with some black chick up in North Dakota or Minnesota somewhere for like tax purposes. I don't know. One of those ridiculous, spony marriages. All right, listen. It's your full of me. In fact, I think that's what caused the two more in Cisco's head. Oh my, I have mercy. It's a beautiful day, white bird. Remember that song? Yes. What a great song. I don't know if it's chartered. Well, how about, uh, hocus, pocus by focus. I remember that. Okay. That was a killer song. Okay. And Rod Stewart's first hit. Rod Stewart. Okay. I mean, I haven't eaten lunch yet. But I'm looking forward to having a little something when I get home and believe me, Rod Stewart. Oh, do you think I'm sexy? No. No, Rod. We think you're disgusting and gross in the fact that you're singing a song and asking that question makes me wonder about everybody else's sanity. Seriously, I would rather I would rather do our gold steam than Rod Stewart. And I would, I would die a wicked death before I would touch out. You know, I'd shake his hand from a distance down in between those, those deep breaths his last one. Anyone could be. Boy, Rod Stewart, anybody that thinks that he's sexy? No. I don't think they're insects that would turn. In fact, he's never had a mosquito bite in his life. You think anything would living would touch him? No. Wow. A schmutz bag. Not to mention, can't sing as loud of a paper sack. He's kind of like another Bruce Springsteen, you know, and he got Rachel from ah, yeah, I do get to think I'd say that. I can't sing. That's a simple, is that it? Do you like Rod Stewart? 90, me. Oh, why? Because it was a hit. I put her tongue. No. I just liked it. At the time. And I just gave you 98, I mean, yeah, 38 special. I was going to the book during the break and I just did George Man, 38 special. What? Don't like them. How could you not like them? I think they're not like hold on a little sweater. I used to play that on the old, uh, huh? Cookie cutter. Hold on loosely as well. Yeah. And you like Maggie May? At the time, I said, when I was a little kid. Oh, yeah. When you were like too young, when you're ear before you, you're ear is open. Then you did that passion thing. And then I hated them. Maggie May. Oh, he is. How did you get Rachel Hunter, by the way? How did, uh, what does name get, uh, Julia Roberts that's much you looking at the country you want to love it? You love it. I mean, what is that? He must have a fucking elephant, man. And had to be that because he is the, the, the, the, the, we understand, looks are everything, but Jesus, let's not carry to an extreme. Now, you wouldn't admit even though you don't like correcting. She's not bad. Julia Roberts. He's kind of like you. Yeah, she's cute. Like you know, who used to be cute, the little short, uh, what that was your name, the short, uh, little actress that shot the guy in, uh, Colorado. Come on, come on, come on, the short little, uh, go. Oh, she's. Well, whatever happened to Marvin Romain. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, you know, the one that, uh, you know, what would a French name, what that was your name? Renee co above for Bay, uh, uh, Jesus. See, this is the problem of getting this old is that you've got all these years of this memory banking for crying out loud. All of these things. No way you can remember all these things. Clotting, lungy. Never heard of it. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, clotting, lungy. She was short and perky and kind of cute. French, she always wrote about that. I had to work myself into it and finally, but nice going there, Neil. Oh, God. Thank you. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. This kind of a herd of plaudy, long jakey, believe me? Well, I have to agree with you that I do think 38 special wasn't too bad. Hold on, loosely, was a great song. It wasn't a gigantic hit for who cares about that. It was great. They had a few good songs, but I do have certainly better than Rod's story. I do have to say I agree with you. I know the kids of today don't like bread in America. Well, I can understand what it would like bread because it's like, you know, it's syrup in music, but it's great. He's got a great voice. That's a little can't be, but I got to say, Neil, that there's still America still touring here and there. Are they really? Actually, yes, they are. Who is the drummer in that group? I don't think I'm sure that I couldn't tell you. I couldn't hear a lesson. They had some terrific music, though, America and I agree with you. I'm not in big into live concerts going to concerts, but I do have to say that I did see the Owen Parsons project a few years ago. And they were fantastic. They're great. I wanted to ask you a opinion, Neil, because music is just a pain and I do respect your opinion. And music is a opinion to like give you an answer, then it's back. Correct. I wanted to know what you thought of a Canadian band that was rushed, but triumphs possibly. Try them? Yes. What time is lunch George? Try them. And you heard of them, Neil. Yeah, oh yes, I heard them. Okay. Okay. Do you want me to give you an honest answer? I'm afraid if you gave you an answer. Would you be like, yes, you mean, what do I think of Ann Maria? I mean, she's Canadian, you know, not my cup of tea. That's a good way to put it. Not my cup of tea. What about possibly a journey? Journey is pretty good. I liked your journey. How was it, Charles? Journey was a great day. I like the Corvettes. And another band, which you never got a lot of play except for maybe one or two songs, but they were, I thought they were a terrific band. Right. And rock trio formed in Toronto, 1975 consisted of Rick Emmett Detern vocals. Yulmore drums and vocals. I know who the drummer was for Triumph. Yulmore and Michael Avine, keyboards and bass. Well, they also played to one of the biggest concerts, the Eighty Three U.S. festival. Yeah. Actually, which was fantastic show. But you know what happened when Michael Avine got in the group, don't you? Somebody said, why don't you go back to Canada, you go back to the bus. And that was the end of him. One more band, Neil, I thought Richard Blackmore and Rainbow was terrific back in the new team. What is this? Richard Blackmore. Never heard of Rainbow. Rainbow? Rainbow? Rainbow, George is puke and over there. I don't know from Rainbow. I never heard of Rainbow. I never heard of Rainbow. Huh? Well, was that another Canadian group? No, sir. Was there a day from hunger? Well, then there's always diarrhea day in the duty stains. Yeah, there you go. Okay. Rainbow. I never even heard of such a group as Rainbow. Here they are. Hard rock band led by British guitarist Richie Blackmore and the bassist Roger Glover, both members of Deep Purple. We do like Deep Purple. In fact, we can play. How should I buy and then we can play Hush? Which George is practically searching for? I don't have Hush. You don't have Hush? How about there's kind of a Hush by her and sir? I'm a smoke out of water. Like I said, I love Deep Purple. Okay. All right, that's enough. Like I said, Rainbow is pretty good. Here's a Cooper City, hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Yes. G to be sure, yes. That great group's in the 60's, too, like, a parliament. Now, the parliament, I want to testify, yes. Can West and the West, right? Can West and the helpless, right? Right. Yellow and the 70's. Oh, I love yellow. Oh, yeah, this man has got some taste. Oh, he's had about a half dozen people they would taste. Oh, he always grate. And in the 50's, of course, you had Lori London. Oh. He's not the whole world. That's how it is. Well, in fact, I think Lori London and Frankie Lyman were the same person. How about this one? I think he just did a bleach job, yeah. Oh. And he's looking for a new person. What is that? Now, blue, they've hinted to the blue by the medical medulla. Sir, the medical medulla. Now, blue, they've been there to blue on capital records. Sir, speak to me. Now, blue, they've hinted to blue. I know it is, but... But I don't know. But I should, I'm a Z. That's your PPN? Yellow. Yes, sir. That's a medical medulla. Yes. OK, thank you so much. OK, how do you make up? OK, I'll read it out to you to me. OK, we have an open line in the Browns. Let's just do a music show every day from now on, huh? No, just today. But I want to get that old bag upset. Hey, lady, if you don't like it, jam it. OK, jam it, cram it, hop on it. All these old, nasty, miserable people that think I'm going to do the show just for them. If you don't like it today, it's too bad. Lady, we're having a great time. Yeah. We're having the time of our, what do you want us to do? See, you're going to talk about Monica again. That make you happy. Talk about the John Beney. Talk about the nanny that they're trying to bring back all over again, because they're dead or an adornado. A lot of the apienus skaters over with. And nobody's buying the rape crap, except the right wingers who are invented in the first place. That's who's rape in America is those right wing lunatics. And by the way, keep that passport handy. Jerry Bower's running for president. Oh, hey. I'd rather vote for Johnny Bower and Hank Bower. Not Jerry Bower. Not too bastard. Just like what's his name said in, uh, exercises. What was his name? Bird. I already told you a bunch of these four. Then you're losing it. You are losing it. It was clear across the river. Bird. You got your first piece of a religious male, and I was, you know, off in Lala land. Bird. 127 to find. What was her name? Then I remember. It's one. The mother. But you have to know all the boy. I'm a Catholic. I will. I give it to you. Right. Rocks, bad boy. He is also a bad husband. And now he's on tour to help pay off what's going to be one. Hell of a big divorce settlement. Who would have said, now I know for my mother. You heard of President Green up to go? I'm alive. He's on the road because he doesn't have a place to go home to anymore. I know the way you're my champion. He's gone to court. I know. I know. To pay you the pay off, I'll win some so much. Then it's paid to heart. I know. He rides to her. The legend. You remember the story about having his stomach pump? Now he's about to have his wallet pump. Don't cry. I'll be right. He's home. Sometimes he jumps apart. Just come and cheat on him. Don't need me. I'm going to court. See, Rod Stewart, live in person, in-depth, on stage. And I'm a hook for half of everything he makes. You took my car. I am took my home. You took my car. You took my car. You took my home. You took my home. You took my home. You took my home. You took my home. Rachel's not going to be some. She actually had a couple of songs that were good songs. If they would have been recorded by somebody, you could sing. Yeah, that's the deal with Rod Stewart. Anyway, it's 133 at 5.62. You heard Hank will be here from Vegas at 2. With all that. In fact, we got a lot of gambling stuff coming up. We got the NCAA show of the preview with Hank at 2. We got books to read six to kind of like break it up a little bit with the fat to the sports show. And then at Kampel and back with more gambling talk at 10. Here's coconut grove. Hello. Yes. Okay, that's a short and sweet in the grove. They're doing it. We have an open line of day. 5.6705. 60 pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. That's the best they can do in the grove. They've had a tough life. Probably called from Jack Campbell's house. Here is Miami. Hello. New. God. Speaking. Are you okay? I had to call on the final discipline because you like you say. Yeah. You go by by hit. No, I understand that hit is not the barometer for the radio. I would agree with that. I'm sure the hit special didn't exactly have like a whole lot of hits. Because there were to have and was one of the largest of all. Right. That's true. And it's not even listed in that book of yours. That's right. You're right. And it's like Georgetown. Every album had. But I've let it back. When you come right down to the door, you really want to hear a stairway to have it again like soon. I mean, wouldn't about five or six years be a good rest before we heard again. I got to meet you. Yeah. Yeah. We've got to be overplay. It's kind of like you're a good. Rock and roll parts one and two about 45 million times too often, especially if we're sports fans give it a rest for six or seven years and then call us back. Absolutely. Right. One thing I do want to point out though is the one thing about them, which made the band was their drummer John Bonham. Right. That's why. George didn't even know John Bonham was the drummer even. I knew that after I read him the book. Well, when he kind of drowned in his own. Who? Well, that's right. He drowned on his own. That's right. And then they never got it. He never got it. He was a big hit drowning in a sea of puke that was, uh, The thing is stairway to, uh, stairway to the pot. Exactly. But, um, that's what I wanted to chime in and once they lost him, there was no way no one could ever replace them. Well, that was it. That was just an eat-o. I just wanted to chime in and ask. I thought after Dennis Wilson drowned, you know, the Beast Boys could never get another great drummer. I'm going to swear. I'm going to swear. That would be great. Yeah. But he drummer is generally considered to be the least talented in any group right like Dennis Wilson like Ringo Star. Right? But there have been some great drummers like John Bonnebodies did anybody else. Any other, come on. Let's hear about the great drummers. Huh? What about, uh, what's his name? The guy he's dead to the great bridge. Huh? Buddy Rich. Have I very good? All right. It only took three hours and 36 minutes. Oh. Now is that, is that Buddy Richer? Is that that Rich? Because you know, fat rich reminds me of my mother. Buddy Rich. He's dead. Didn't he die? Just recently, Buddy Rich, I'm pretty sure all thank God I was right. Not that God he died, but thank God I got it right. He didn't have the words since somebody died and then you fight out there still alive like done Corlyoni. We hit him with five shots. And he's still alive. Here's a dear field. Hello. Yeah. Lord deal. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? All right. One of your drummers you haven't been to death. Keith Moon. What is this? Keith Moon. Yeah, right. Talk about that. Oh, my God. Then outstanding group. I would say the best group in history. The IZley brothers. This whole heart of mine. That was the best of all. I've never recorded. And what was the album? Three plus three, four plus three, four plus three. And by the way, how come the Beatles were allowed to steal Twist and shot from the IZley brothers? And the Beatles recording a twist and shot. Couldn't lick the IZley brothers. Right. Okay. Wasn't the same category? If I would have known that, I would have known that. I was like, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. But I was in the same category. If I would have been the IZley brothers. That had been pissed off. Big time. They stole a bunch of stuff. Right. There really stuff was direct. But the most painful thing that I think you have enough to go to do is see one of these old great groups. Then go see them now. It's like, uh, tracking. You're probably not a fan. But like some like Bob Dylan. I mean, guy not loud. I mean, they don't forget. He could never sing anyway. Yeah. He's a great writer. But he couldn't sing. But completely unintelligible. I mean, every song you go see live. I mean, that's another reason why aerosmithers so great. I mean, they've been around for 100 years. And they steal from everybody. Tells me, even though I don't go to concerts. They still are fantastic in concert. They're great. Well, I'm just going to like your estimates. You're pretty. Well, I mean, okay. You're not. Okay. No, uh, maintenance study, especially. All right. Right. That's right. That's exactly right. I don't know if you need a special. There are no, there are no steps either. Okay. Tell me. I don't like the solo care. I don't care if you like it. I don't care if you like it. I don't care if you eat it. This goes different. And just start. Well, it starts like bubble gum. You see like vanilla. But what's it gets going? It's a great song. I want to take a look. You're going. Yeah. Yeah. And I just see this is too. Yeah. Oh, let's go. Come on. Let's go. Let's go to the heavy duty stuff. Take it. Let's go. Let's go. Come on. Come on. Come on. Boy, I like that. Yeah, that's right. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. And now you mark my words. Whether you're this, you know, you're still for the song. But they will be big in this country when the wind gets big. Makes you a lot of more of the music. And that's not the point. You're going to be driving in the spotlight. Yeah. Very good. Very good. It's fine to get to the light. You know, we'll do something. Here we go. I mean, I realize it's no Madonna, you know? That crack. It's no spice girl. It'll be as big as ace of bass. Ask of what? Yeah, mother. Oh, no. That was a allegory. That was a allegory. That was a allegory. Or you're up to go. You gave me your nominated. You beat by the President. This is some rap. I've been watching you during that. Not the rena, on television. And if I could have your silence. I would like to demonstrate for you. The Albor version of the locker room. And that's right. You're going to have the freedom to let the hot person in. You're going to have the hot person in. The locker. The locker. The locker. What you like to see it again? No. No, no, no. We're going to move you. Emotions. Emotions. You need to get on the phone. And put it on the phone. And put it on the phone. When you're at a alarm, it goes off to the morning. and one of your children reaching for cereal and fruit locker ran locker ran locker ran locker ran one for the five to five feet that would be a man to make workboard stop beat into much because those tights you know targeting a bursting burnt war was the drummer for black Sabbath what's wrong with you man got the list right here if you had a recommended one error sent out which would it be well it's very that's easy got it my hand right now I got to right because you know see I'm one of those people that cares about and you're wrong by the way about the early stuff you're wrong about that like walk this way in sweet emotions and dream on that was great stuff but if you're gonna tell me that was better than the uh... your audio line better than this wrong absolutely wrong better than living on the edge and the crime and amazing and angel and rag doll and do looks like a lady and love on an elevator and amazing yes but anyway you have big ones it's got all the stuff you ever need i mean doesn't have that all stuff that you like which was good but trust me when i tell you not in a same category with this stuff wouldn't you recommend big ones i like big ones yeah that's what i heard we have an open line in brand you know what guess who we left out among many many others with these all finally the i think i've got a half a page here and about a talk in the past seven and hold on we're gonna say right now you don't like johnny rivers you are companies that we don't like you we hate you if you don't like johnny rivers is that true we we love johnny rivers another god of t-ma he must have like 25 pages of good stuff in here he knew the good stuff for that if you just punch up any any cut you didn't have to look at the uh... at the label on a cd just punch up any cut you got like it wait i mean he was like a real real and he can show you yeah keep my daddy bloody water and then of course there was always a gigantic why is that a blank look on you don't know the sound and all the mountain looking down on the stage and then of course when you can relate to a little bit better just then with all apologies to the four tops we've found sorry that's our full question which reporting was better one time or johnny rivers maybe i need to love very tough to us how do you do and they were first but oh knee toes and yeah you're right and me but i'll tell you what four tops never recorded this respect i've all you have to say i haven't heard about a hundred years and this is the best january of a song and there is because i said so no context ill cut has spoken come on let's go already okay it's not a hurricane just a little bit of a pattern let's go all the way come on johnny you don't love this like with a passion like with a boy yeah that's a lot come on all the way johnny at the switch here let me throw out a lot all the rain taps in my window last one looks off this is actually a little bit too slow and down before there was only oh right and then with all apologies to Carl Perkins oh my god oh my god oh oh what do i call Perkins his dead you know that oh how sad yeah you're right i know can't but i've got the same song no it's not on here can you believe that five motel and things and it's not on any of them i got it but i haven't my hand right now with the uh it's around it's actually in here some or maybe at home four tops you uh those are motel on tugs right but not the people i got a lot of the they're great they are great four tops were great the best group in by the way we've taken a vote during the show today we never were attending the given this again today but the one got it's taxed me that list of the most overrated people and somebody mentioned Tony Bennett and everybody went and so let's talk about good people the best song in the history of recorded music is this man is laughing gigantic in Europe by the way you want to know why because they got the cologne's the play that's on the year over there which both states and tier don't like power ninety six because our general managers are pussy two chambers boom just cinnamon oh right yeah two and three yeah white i have a sticker but little now tops song of the century stick it all in a bow bay stick it all in a bloody a man cheers with the breeze boom yeah mix in a couple flowers you can't even assume say about it have to seem about their big and salty and brown i don't need a quick pick me up just taking my balls in your mouth okay come on stick it on your mouth and stuff come on come on fast for a little bit of less and good for you i had one in my mouth right okay there it is so this time you get the top song i mean what do we argue all this of the crept led zeppelin and uh you know the purple and