So Greg Reads is one of those sports guys going to talk about now. Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers show. We're looking at Neil called 560-560 toll free for David Broward or Pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil his guests call her sir. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily play the talk about you. He's the musicians or the Beesley broadcasts. Now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM. The Beesley show is the most popular in the world. The Beesley show is the most popular in the world. The Beesley show is the most popular in the world. The Beesley show is the most popular in the world. The Beesley show is the most popular in the world. The Beesley show is the most popular in the world. The Beesley show is the most popular in the world. David and heavy. My wife on her knee. He left that hat up and pulled up because she's just been wealthy. He's been told to be whole watching my man dad. Making turns, he'll the most on the other hand. When we watch those little longer and my body could get sick. If daddy's name is Albert, why mom asked for Gitch. Daddy granted his eye for a pack. Mommy wants it more. He's my back on top of him but oh he did much more. Beesley show is the key home. I've got many cats. Oh! I can't wait to drive him down on the road in my class. But I can't wait to drive him down on the road in my class. I've got the cold. I've got the flu. I've got the cold. I've got the sore throat. All the way don't sound that bad. Do I? See if I would have stayed home to the other. It would have been real bad. I might be the witness test for me as I stand in front of the mirror. If I can talk to myself and I come in. And if I can't talk, I still come in. Anyway, speaking of a peeping through the keyhole, here's our great letter to the editor. Let's not hold this back. Now, which paper is this? I guess this is the Sun Sentinel. One of the greatest letters in the history. This is the morning Sun Sentinel. Moving was misnamed and the letter is written by Walter George in Del Rey Beach. Oh! As in sitting on a bench in the morning. Short and right to the point. Wait for you here. This is the first time I saw the film Shakespeare and Love, which won this year's Academy Award for Best Film. The movie should have been titled Shakespeare and Bed, or better yet Shakespeare and Lust, to depict as love to people constantly clawing at each other on screen is typical Hollywood fair. Oh, god! This is so soft floor to this letter. Oh, dude, I got to read that last sentence again. Did he pict as love? Two people constantly clawing at each other on screen is typical Hollywood Fair. That probably libr it to the human audience. Each others consider being their human employer. So, let's put this apart. It's wrong. Are you all right. Yeah. I said, more sex- and less violence as well. need to America. Speaking of that, by the way, I got a great book for you. Every now and then I come up with a book that I say, hey, there's, I'm only just the beginning, I've only just begun. 30 or 40 pages of this one, but I know that a lot of people want to buy this book. It's brand new, it's hard cover. It's called making a killing, the business of guns in America by Tom Diaz. And I know that the gun huggers out there, especially that one asshole, that's always called me up tell me how smart he is and how dumb I am. That gun squeezer, Mr. Reconcealed weapons permit guy. He'll be a psychotic here and we talk about this. Great book, making the killing, the business of guns in America by Tom Diaz. It's on the new press, it's in hard cover. It's in your bookstores by today. Let me just read one interesting thing from here, okay? Because I'm here in this all the time. Every time we see the gun looks on there, well, we've already got 20,000 laws. Gun advocates offered us here at the US has got more than 20,000 gun control laws at the local state and federal level. And their view of the US is already over-regulated. And our gun violence problems would go away if only these 20,000 laws were strictly enforced. But what they do not say is that even assuming they're actually our 20,000 such laws, the vast majority of them don't regulate the sale or possession of guns. Rather, most of them deal with collateral questions like zoning laws that regulate where guns, storage and shooting ranges can be located or that's that limits on transporting and discharging firearms with the city limits, those kinds of laws that have nothing to do with buying selling your own guns. It says the fact is that any adult who is not a convicted felon convicted spouse or child abuser or an induticated mental defective can legally buy a gun almost anywhere in the United States. Also in the New York or magazine this week, there's a great article about it. The same attorneys that went after the tobacco industry are no, go and after the gun industry. All right. And they're also a kind of a body of course. Still getting facts is by the way about Friday's show. If you might try to show your life isn't worth living. I'll tell you that right now. That was seriously. That was the epitome of my life. Yeah, exactly. All I can say after Friday's show is. Yeah. About the millennium. About the year 2000. When does the next millennium begin? Here's two facts is by the way. It says the conversation today, meaning Friday regarding calendars and centuries is further proof of the 60 35 five rule. 60% of the world's population are ignorant, 35% are stupid at the remaining 5% are intelligent. The vast majority of today's call is filmed on the 35% category assuming that most of the 60% categories can price of people from third world areas excluding South Florida. This is the term world, baby. You turn. Here's another fact that says, you know, we could we could start this all over again. I'm confident that one. We can do a month on this. Well, you know, the heat lost. So this station's in big trouble. Yeah, Dito says to me in the hall of morning and says, oh, gee, how are you going to escape talking about the heat? I said, no, the real question is what are you guys going to talk about for the next year for a month now? Just like I said on Friday, what happens if the heat went up getting eliminated by the next? And I said, well, you know, the marlins are hot. They want a couple of games and he went, boo, yeah. Here's the fact that says, of course, there was no year zero because back in so called biblical times, those people were so stupid. They had no way to express the value of zero. Most Western civilizations were unable to express the value of zero until the time of the Renaissance. This is a fact. It says period and end. Exactly. How do you like that? Okay. So if you have ten apples and you start counting it at zero. Huh? Yeah. Don't just start like, okay, start with your thumb. Here you go. Here's the finger number zero. See, I think a lot of these people, they relate their lives, their everything else. So the fact that most of them are big, is, you know, they can't get the zero out of there. They can't get the big out of their lives. Just like that Shakespeare in love. He couldn't forget about the big old one over and over and over again. And Walter George and Del Ray Beach is pretty a pissed off about it. To depict as love, two people constantly clawing at each other on screen is typical Hollywood fair, which is why so many people are racing to see the movies. You're a jackass Walter. Probably ain't getting any either at your advanced age. You have a two waters over the age of 100. Easy. So by the way, anybody see Hank on the appearance of the day? Saturday, did a good job. Pick the wrong horse of course. But then again, sort of, the Philly. She's still, well, I see it a little bit of a problem. He had to ease her up. The great story of the thickness by the way was the Chris Antley story. What I wanted to commend this story is what great hope for all us fat people, including Hank. Why did he look good on that? He looked at that. That was probably. And at least his mic work. They had some terrible audio problems there in ABC. Jim McKay and between checking and his mic didn't work. And then after the race Chris Antley's coming back on charismatic and he's talking, but I'm not going to end the Al Michael's couldn't hear him. Can't hear you Chris. Yeah, but here I am talking. Yeah, can't hear you. Okay. Two problems there. But that's a big story. Here's your guide that I had he advantage from the scene. I had no idea what happened to Chris Antley. And he like picked out. He had drug problems. He had booze problems. And then he had a big fat boy problem. Gained about 30 or 40 pounds. I'm like that way over his riding weight and worked and just feverously made a great comeback. What a story, huh? Especially if he went to triple crown. I was going to her Chris who was born in four lottery all by the way. Anybody know that? No. 10 past 10 at 5 60 W Q AM if you're cool. I have the leaders of America, a give yourself a hand. What's that for? And again, it's easy and it's fun. You don't know how to do with as your parents out there. It's only the first to experience the lives and you don't need to experience the skill. For us, things have been difficult with between your tips and get it through. Because if you're a part of the doing and boy does for your brain as the peasers of America, a give yourself a hand. You can do it in the bathroom. You can do it in your bed. You can do it at a concert while you want the great content. You can read the book of no. You can still go to the water park on the swars and the jego pounds at Michael Jackson. You're at a dude with Dolphin. You're a rise in the man. Matt DeBenz is over America. You give yourself a hand. That's the end of the 5 60 W Q AM. We got the Hank Goldberg at Shueless today. We got talking baseball with Donnie B. 6 30 or whatever. It held it at 6 to 6 30 and in Marlon Pregame. The Marlins of the Cubs at P.P. Park. Any interest now they're hot. They won 5 at a 9 May. Any interest at all. Here's a facts by the way that's his Neil and George. I'm writing a thank you for suggesting that I use all points limo service. I call George and got it. It can't help or never last. We got a great guy. It says. It was prom night and everything was booked but he still got us a limo. It helped make my wife's birthday celebration a great success. Thanks again Neil and George. You guys are submitted by quality people at least away from the radio station. Simon Bruce would have been there. Edible. I grossed, hey, you know the best part of their life. I got to a major bulletin by the way are you ready for this? This is such exciting news that it deserves. Okay. You'll never guess what we discovered here this morning in the building on the third floor. Write down the hall here to my right. Are you ready for this? 400 guesses the first 399 don't count. Stop got it dead. Now it does have a scratch. It's a fact of three seconds. But he got a goddamn desk in the course it's made from what are what do they call that stuff that's like a make believe particle board particle board. I'm sure it's particle board. It's not like a real wooden desk. But stuff got a desk. They got rid of the heights here. All right. It's a monumental day here at WQIN. What I was starting to say is I think there could be a little message here for the almost what was it like over a year we were done in our little makeshift through the second floor. Then, and of course the right to QA and was over on the Sheridan Street in that toilet. Then we all finally move over here up onto the third floor and all of a sudden now everybody's move everybody else and move down to the second floor. They keep running away from us. I think they're just could be a message there. Here's Boka. Hello. Yes. I am very mad at the forest. What his parents did to my mother. They bought a lamp from them. Okay. Whatever you say pal. Whatever you have no idea what you're hawking and trying to care about. Okay. Bappa. Bappa. Call him up. Call up Jeff DeFloris and whatever crap you're talking about some stupid lamp. I think you'd be able to go rub your lamp or rub something. Bappa. There you go. Right there. Pick that right where we left off last week. I can see this is going to be spectacular today. You can feel it. Look at that. Not a call on the board. There's not anybody that's got. They're still counting there. You're not giving the assignment for over the weekend. Starting at zero. They haven't got to 2,000 yet. Seriously. You can't expect these people to be calling in now. They're up to about 1,300. When you get to 17,18, under it, give us a morning because then we'll know they'll be getting close to the end of your counting time. They'll probably hang it out with Scotty Mac. Who knows those trace. WQAM. Hey George, what the fucking meal and mobile in Miami. Okay. What do you want to call about sir? Oh, hey. How you doing? Good. George is busy. You're cleaning himself off after he just upchucked his soda after I did that line about the count of your head. I understand he all been at time last couple of weeks. I was curious he's your opinion on that young African-American girl who ran over that motorcycle list up in Pompano and killed him. But if kid in the hospital. What do you mean by what? What do you mean by opinion about the, why is it necessary that you mention that she was African-American unless you want to make a point? Was that a funny talk? I'm not a funny talk. Next thing you're going to be telling us about the Jefferson's yesterday with her without George Jefferson and about the intruders there with the thing. Is he still around you? What is it? I should have really not found her funny with all these activists saying she's a college basketball player. She's got a scholarship. I don't give her rats at this. She's a goddamn genius. She ran over somebody and killed them then. She's going to have to let do bad. Picketed prick. Jefferson's in Hemings' Gather 86 reunions more like a family few that says. See if they want to head George Jefferson there that we're going to have a good time. But you know the reason they had to keep him out because he's a, yeah, don't say it. Sherman Helmsley is, and that one says Jefferson's in Helmsley's Gather. Sherman Helmsley, they took a vote on him and said, oh yeah, we don't want no, I'm here and it wasn't black there. We're talking about either. Speaking of that, by the way, I can't, I don't, I don't know how to save this. Because I didn't, I won't even tell you. I had an interesting weekend, by the way, I was in Toronto over the weekend. Guess it was on a plane yesterday coming back. I'm sitting up there in first class. And of course, I'm always the first one on a plane and it's close to possible the first one to get enough depending on where I'm sitting up there in first class. Robbie need a mirror and Nikki Taylor, they came on air. Who's seeing me thank God? I could have said something, but probably wouldn't have been a good idea. I don't know what kind of mood he was in. I guess they were up there for the hockey game, Saturday night. I'm about those maple leaves. I don't know those Pittsburgh people call in yet today. But anyway, so they come on to play and I'm sitting there very amusing and come on to get it. And they like wander in there going back and I'm thinking, they're going pretty far back. There's only like four or five rows on their first class on air Canada and they keep going back in their coach. Oh man. Here's a guy that's making 2.7 million a year. Got to only know how much he's raking in with all her, I mean, she's just a few manga celebrity with her big, you know, talent. And there's sitting in coach. Well, they probably couldn't get into first class. We had it all tied up. Oh my god. So anyway, I had an interesting, I did an interesting awakening experience. That's all I can tell you. And like I've said, so many times before any year, just keep one thing firmly embedded in your mind in life, in this life and especially in this country, on the surface, whatever things appear, believe me, that's not the way things really are. That's that's all I'm going to say. However, things appear, trust me when I tell you that's usually not how they are. Am I making myself clear? No. Good. Thank God. That's good. That's your idea. Just one of those things. So are they up to 1600 yet or what? No. They're still counting fingers, toes, appendages. Here's a mobile and tamarack. Hello. Hi, Neil. I'm saying everything to Glitters or not gold. Oh, I don't know. Even Jerry Glitter. Calling about I have a question your opinion on restaurants and food and and have for many years. You sent me to a restaurant and I'll make a map. I believe it was a lot to have an error. Yeah. And I was wondering if you have any other favorite little gourmet places that you might turn me on to. No. Okay. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. What was that? What kind of a call was that? What was that? We had the first guy that wants to pick on depost family, which I don't know anything about depost family or if they're in business or if they're in such, I don't know anything about that. All I know is he's fat. And now that the heat lost the other day yesterday, by a point blue that king. Oh, and I notice every I mean pages and pages and pages you would have thought we just had World War III start here in this town. All these psychotic sports writers in this place meant, including that Danle of Baxter, he gets to speak. It's exposed as a fraud. You're a fraud, Dan. You're a piece of crap. Talk about front running phony's, man. These guys can turn on a dime in a heartbeat. One minute on, they're great. They're going to win and all day they lose again. They're a fraud. They're counterfeit. They're about your crap. They let us down. Well, guess what? They lost life goes on. Stop getting so excited about a big bunch of seven foot spartons. I told you that before. Okay. It's a black people sport. Stop getting so whipped up into a frenzy about it. And like I said before, the big sports story and the big human interest were always looking for human interest stories when something good happens. We have the horrible human interest stories. We're a lot of bad horrendous things happen like out there in Colorado. It elsewhere. And now we had this Chris Antley story coming out of the Kentucky Derby and their pre-kness with two thirds of the triple crowned one. Here's a guide. It was a great writer. See, we had a series of these. There's a big thing about Steady Cough in here, by the way. Quirode the last triple crown winner, reformed in 1978. And how he's pulling for a charismatic and hopes he wins a triple crown. Steep Cough in was the first in my generation. Anyway, we have these famous kid jockies. And then there was Cash Asmison. And then there was like Chris Antley was the next one after that. And then Kent de Sormon. And Antley kind of like disappeared from you a little bit. Any of us know that he was doing another Pat Valensuela. He was doing cocaine. He was doing booze. He was blowing up like a balloon out of racing for two years from the top right to the bottom. Kind of like Ricky Martin only that way around. And now where he's back on the bottom is what I'm hearing. And so he's sitting there like in total the spare one day and he's watching these season horse race on TV and he's taking himself. God, that's what I used to do. If I'm cornball, you know, it's but it's a great story. And so he makes up his mind. Even his father says forget it. It's too much of a task. You're out of shape. You're 42 pounds overweight. You'll live her and he works his way. Feverly back gets down to riding weight and comes back and wins to the first two turds of the triple crown. What a story. That's gone Chris. Oh, from four-laterdale. God, gaggle over here. The only thing I'm hoping is that if they do a human and tristor, which you can be sure they will, please don't let that gymhuber do it on CNN. You know who gymhuber is? No, you wouldn't. This is the guy who always does the human intrus sports. There is usually golf. He covers a lot of golf. And every story sounds the same. All I have to do is play violins, hearts and flowers in the background. And gymhuber is doing. I mean, it's unbelievable. First we had Haywood Hale Brune and we had Jack Whitaker and they either died or they put him out to pasture whatever the, and now we got gymhuber on CNN. He's the kind of guy that would call in on one of the shows in this station and say, a very young Florida gator team. You know, that kind of crap. And people would be like peeing in their pants all over America. Gymhuber. Get him off of my TV. Okay. Get him off my set. That's what's wrong with America is gymhuber. I'm telling you that right now. Here's Margie. Hello. Okay. Keep going. He's up to 14 under the dice going, sir. See, they got no material. I'm playing music today. I got a little scratch in my throat. I could have stayed home. I could have thought the good fight. Stay to hell home on a Monday, especially. No one would kind of crap. It was going to be today, especially after last Monday. But no, I came in here prepared to do my duty. Do like a scout, like a trooper. And this audience again, living up to the usual billing. That is a freaking door nail. Here's a mobile and four-loader Dale. Hello. Okay, sir. You're not making a magic thing to grind the goods for. And here are where you're saying pal. Get the mush out of your phone or out of your mouth. Okay. Next time you call, can't understand a goddamn where you're saying. And have a nice day. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, man. What a show. Love it. It's all the article. The newspaper today. Don't believe that article, man. You still suck. You think no, you do. Yeah. Okay. Great. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 16. Another, see they just like last Monday. They have nothing to say. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. My call to you is not about your particular show, which I think is fantastic. Yeah. It's about the worst team. Yeah. We'll call them up and tell them about it. Okay. 1026 at 560WQM. If you watch us, that's. Okay. You're nice to a body, but you just don't have to. Okay. She's like, you can't. Oh, come on. Come on. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I really don't know where I went wrong. Maybe he hurt something. I saw that. So you're back. Okay. 1032 at 560WQM. That's right. So I'm back. That's, you know, every time I'm on a plane and I come in like last night about 1015 and a plane is coming in over especially at nighttime where you see the lights of the city. And here's all this big gigantic mess. It all kind of like, there's nothing that stands out. This is big mess of light. And I know it's Miami. And this drive well up. And my brain just starts contracting. And I feel this tremendous sense of depression inside coasts. And I think to myself, oh, it's such a good idea that they don't let guns and airplanes because I know I blow my brains out. Maybe somebody else is just to release the pressure and the psychosis. 5605050. 560 on the mobile one line. Anybody up to 1300 yet? No. Keep counting. Come on. Here's a mobile and Del Rey Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Good. I'm an Albanian uppist off. Uh-huh. I keep thinking about that scene from the guy father. We're a close man to teaching Michael how to shoot the gun. You know, the basement. Yeah, you know, they would have stopped Hitler at New Nick. Yeah. You know, so we should send a little brush to you. Okay, great. Here's a mobile and land tan. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a floater as an an I'm sick of the stupidity in this town. I have to get out of here. I mean, run. I got news for a parallel. I'm not changing. Nothing's going to change here. It's unbelievable. The end of the world. I mean, I've just recently started listening to you. And I knew people were stupid that after I heard that call that show on Friday. Yeah. What is that? And you know something that dumb or they are the more stubborn they are. The more adamant they are that they're right and the whole rest of the world is out of step. Well, I've heard a lot of times ignorant of the bliss when these people live in the charm of life. Have a good one, Neil. We'd like to pal. Bus is leaving every hour on the half hour. I wouldn't blame you. Just pack a light suitcase, get on that thing and say take me anywhere. Just give me out here. 567560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. We're looking for that great aim material. They may police when the big game against Pittsburgh. They question to me. Tree of scavets just me. He rendered Yarmor Yager impudent. He crushed him like stepping on a bug in a game at the or Canada center. On Saturday night. Leaves wouldn't forward. One got a strangle hole on it. Series. Vaccine boys by the way. Saturday night live. Unfortunately, have the bad bad luck of channel surfing just at the right moment. I tune in just to catch the last two thirds of their performance on that show Saturday night. I want to tell you. No, it was horrible. It was. Oh. And big pop. He George is way behind the times. If he could out of the house once in a while, it stopped worrying about God damn what's your name there. Britney Spears. By the way, she is so big no matter where you go. Walking on young street in Toronto, you know, have all the record stores of the music blasting all weekend long. What do they got? Backstreet boys and Britney Spears. That's all you hear everywhere now. She is big. I would say like about that big. Huh? And almost as feminine as Nick. But not quite. But they know they were terrible on that. Why is that? I've seen them do Ocapelle. They want TV in Amsterdam. I totally disagree. And that's Spain thing. I saw when I was in Amsterdam. They sang Ocapelle. They were great. They could actually sing. They were lip-sinkers. No, they were not lip-sinkers. Okay, Mr. Relentless prick. They were not lip-sinkers. But they're just the show they can't do. You know, if like me with this thing, I'm great, but I'm the show. Not so great. This isn't just a new show. Like Mondays. Mondays isn't the show that I can do. Two days through Friday. I'm great. Mondays is it me, maybe it's the audience. I think it could be the audience sucks. Mondays through Friday. They were terrible. I'm embarrassed for them. But anyway, big pop of whatever you call him. Louis Perman. He's not the region anymore. They got a gigantic lawsuit against them. They made him, I don't know how many tens of millions of dollars. They got collectively. The whole five guys got 300 grand. Why is it that always entertainers? Boxers, kids. You know, people at Don't Have Any Representation. They get screwed over something fierce. Poor Joe Lewis. You know? Poor Joe Lewis died. Penalist died. Broken hearted. He is dead, isn't it? Here's Kendall. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes sir. Happy Monday. And back to you, Monday sucks in this time. And we're going to have a hard time getting started here at work. Jesus Christ, this place blows. We're wondering if you could cheer us up a little bit. Yeah, is this a request? We're going to have no material. Are you trying to say you have no material? Sir, that would you try to say? We're trying to get started. We're going to be going to start it with what? With my A and S. I'll tell you how to get started with your rainers. Yeah. I probably don't have to tell him. He probably already knows how to get started with the zannus. Five, see how one dimensional they are? Like they got a call before about the article and you're still fed. Sir, you're so boring. You're such a piece of crap. It I don't care what you say about me, but at least be funny. Be original. Be different. The same. But it must have written down my three by five cards. Like the assholes over there on the coast. You're pathetic. This is such a... That show Friday, like I said, if there was anybody had a doubt about this town. About how much rampant stupidity we have in this place. All they had to do was hear any segment of that show on Friday. Oh, yeah, but you left off the zero. You know what that was like? You know what that reminded me of? Reminded me of the Voffatsau when Anne Brandcroft says. You wake the only. Same thing. WGQAM. Branks were on that crime list. Sir? Four Lodderdale number five in the property crime. Yeah. Number 60 in violent crime. Let's go to four Lodderdale. There's our truth of Florida. Meaning what? Uh-huh. Another guy with no material. Was that good or what? There's no Jews in Florida. Other than Woody Graver. Neil Rogers. Jeff DeForrest. Tank Goldberg. Ed Caplin. Jeff Cohen. Al Goldstein. Bob Green. Cheryl Rifkin. My mother. That's it. That's the problem. That's why there's so much to put it in here. Too many go. 21 before 11 and 5 60 WGQAM. Lorenzo's attacking and set her as like visit Italy right here in North Miami Beach. Lorenzo's super sale with huge savings is going on right now. Or is it says here with huge savings. Maybe he's related to he. What's his name? British Sheriff. That boring British actor. Groot test. Anyway, listen to these savings. The USDA Prime Boy and Gealshops regularly 1299. Not only 990. 990. 990. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. Well. High kids. Your like cut a little finger. Want a copy of me and do exactly like I do. Get paid for right little salt about. Your brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on. But I can't figure out which spice girl I'm going to fart on. It's Dr. Dreyes. You're a major pastor. Yeah, no. What do I smell as? The male is age 12, it seems like I always smelled it, but Griffin Gatson and Dune was pretty swear. I got dead soft when I took my jeans off and fought it so hard, it turned out to be like, look what's backwards, that Chris Crock. And every night I'm like, oh, dinner's bad. Then caught up my ass, fat's a little fat, they chew as you fat. Smell this honey, yell it's a little bit of a mess, my girl. I don't give a fuck, God said me to stick the world up. My ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, don't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain 올라가, my ain't it, my ain't it, oh, my ain't it, my ain't, I ain't I, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain, that hit a moth I'm going to leave and grab all the back but you must need to relieve the sky. Watch that and sit. It's pretty cool. But I had to go. Go drop the kids off and move. My A-nip. My A-nip. My A-nip. My A-nip. My A-nip. My A-nip. My U really heard something wrong. I heard something really could happen and millennia makes something appearねぇ.onzery hits 1000 years ago with A-e-d, because there wasn't a year's 0 a-d, each succeeding millennium, and decadent in the sense of memory, for that matter, first they would begin with the year and instruments in the new world. Technically the third millennium doesn't begin until year 2001. Isn't that profound? Is that what I argued about for four hours here on whatever day Friday? No! Yes it was. Is that exactly what I said? Oh, it's a was. Let's argue about it some more. Let's argue about it for weeks and months. Okay. Let's get everybody all whipped up to a frenzy about it. Because in this guy forsaken town, especially now that those big shfarts are lost at basketball game yesterday, there ain't nothing else to talk about. I mean, that's some kind of a commentary when this freak show that goes on out there takes up 80% of both my newspapers this morning. I wouldn't even read decent garbage with the stuff that came out on my front stoop this morning on those two newspapers. I wouldn't read quality garbage in that crap. That's how bad it is. Here's a facts from a guy named Bugsie. In here, so you do bug us a lot in the facts machine, but you're okay. It says, I get tired of people driving a car length or less at 70 miles an hour behind me when traffic is solid ahead. And I'm following the current front of me at the correct distance. So I put a sign in the back window of my van that says, Assorted loose parts about to fall off. Don't follow too close. And guess what? It works. No more tailgators. And Bugsie asks, how can there be so many stupid F&P? Eeeeeeh! What do you ask? How do you like that? He just put a sign in the back. Don't follow too close, Assorted. And they all said, OK! Here's for a lot of deal, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. This was an important weekend for my 12 year old son. Yes. You watched Godfather for the first time. Great. I hate what he loved it. Uh-huh. You can't wait to watch number two now. Can't wait to do number two? That's that also. Uh-huh. The first five minutes, why did he just turn it off? That's no way. Why is that? You know, the wedding is slow when it starts to... Yeah, the wedding is, uh, yeah. Can't wait. But, luckily, he's in that stupid chain of nonsense mafia films. I mean, you know, what a lot of the themes were here. Dispict. You know, he thought it was the greatest thing ever saw. It is. Oh, you're here, everybody. Yeah, he can't wait for two and three. I guess it's no Star Wars buff. Wait till Godfather the prequel comes out. That's true. When Marlon Brando was six years old. Uh, if I didn't let him go, I'd go ahead of mustache. Godfather fans aren't for him. They have to be recruited. You're exactly. And that's, I just recruited a new one. Sounds like part of your agenda. Keep it up. Okay. Okay. Oh! Speaking of crime, by the way. For Lauderdale named number 10 Worston crime, but that, you know, it's seen that these articles are all over the place. Depends on which, which, which list you like the best. All crime, though, including those white collar crimes, they're escalating like crazy. Thank God, we don't have any rip off orders down here, by the way. Ha ha ha. All crime, it's interesting of the top 10, though, the bottom 10, the worst 10 cities in America for all crimes. St. Louis is the worst. Atlanta is number two. All of St. Louis is in the class by themselves. This is total crimes per thousand residents, St. Louis 149 and a half. How do you get a half a crime? That's only for my didn't finish. They didn't finish the job. Orlando's number three to pick a Kansas fourth followed by Tampa. Miami were number six, God damn it. Oh, Kansas City, Missouri. Flint, Michigan Detroit and Fort Lauderdale and pretend this is all crime. Now you'll notice of the 10 Worst cities in America for all crimes. One, two, three, four of the top 10 are in Florida, baby. Four are in Florida. Two are in Michigan, Flint, and Detroit. St. Louis in Kansas City, two in Missouri. And then there's Atlanta and Topeka. But one thing of those top 10s, it will get to that in the minute. Now the old thing that really counts, that we really care about violent crime. I mean, you want to go out there and rip off your boss, who cares? You want to rip off the lottery, counterfeit? That's crime, but we're not all concerned about it. As long as you leave us there, how long? Violent crime, that's another story. Atlanta again is number one. Now what is it about Atlanta? We're number one, Jimmy! Huh? Violent crimes Atlanta is number one. Now there are a lot of spartures in Atlanta, but supposedly they're like affluent spartures. You know what I'm saying? So what does that mean? Number two, Springfield Mass. I don't think I've ever been in Springfield Mass at Tuesday, I know where it is. There used to be many years ago, WBZA in Springfield Mass, which was a sub-currier. And the FCC finally said, what a fraud that is, shut that thing off, and I said, okay, that's the only thing I know about Springfield Mass. It's in the Western part of the state, and who knows. St. Louis is number three followed by Tampa and Miami, four and five. Tampa is number four, and I see, I don't, I don't know about that. I mean, I'm sure I believe these statistics. But to me, even though there's a bunch of no sticking red next over there, it can't have been ever seen as dangerous to me, is Miami. But then again, I guess it depends on what part of time you're hanging out in, right? I mean, when you're off there on Dale Maybreed, I owe the strip joints, you know, that's not dangerous in Arizona. No, no. Detour it's number six followed by Flint Michigan, Baltimore, Orlando, and Newark, New Jersey. Now what about a place where it is like almost all white people? Like plantation. Did plantation make the list? No, because it's got all the floor to cities on here. Like St. Pete was 11 to L. I. C. 37, Jacksonville, 54 Lodderdale, 60 this is violent crime. Clearwater 65, highly a 77 Hollywood 104. Cross brings 188, Pemberpines, 193. That probably includes stealing a false teeth. But did plantation make the list? No. No. Sunrise? No. Old Jews don't commit violent crimes. Here's Del Ray B. Hello. Hello. Maybe it's Walter George. Yeah, hello. And they were all the hesser. How you doing? I just started listening to your show. I was talking to you from last night. He's telling me all about your show. Right. And you told me, you gave me the impression that you didn't like French Canadians. And I don't like French Canadians. That's an understanding. That's an understanding. I was spies French Canadians, frauds, pepsies. But you go to their country to go watch a hockey game. Sir, let me say this to you. Are their French Canadians an Ontario. Have you ever been in Canada? Yeah. Foreign race, not Ontario. Yeah, Ontario. So are the frogs in Ontario? On Ontario? No, Quebec. Yeah. So what are you talking about? What does Toronto have to do with frogs? Well, you're going to their country. Sir, let me say it again. Canada is not their country. Quebec is separate. They want to be separate. Let them be separate. I say pack on a goddamn stale pro-Sot and send a back to France with the rights of the frogs. Right? I hear you. The law's to them is what you should be saying. Pal, you should kiss the ground that they want out. When it doubt, kick them out. Sir, over to God, they need a slabio. OK, that'll teach me a lesson which a lesson or two. Swap some of those Albanians for those frogs. Bunch of cheap ass disgusting pigs. Back to what I talking to. Oh, yeah. Where was it? Oh, I know what it was. Wait, didn't you hear this? This is a good deal. So I'm going to the airport in Toronto yesterday from the hotel and they get me a limo. And there's a guy there. The doctor is a turns out who's also going to the airport. And so the bell hops is, how about you want to share the car because you're both going to the airport to the same terminal whatever and save you some money. OK, sure. Why not? So I'm talking to this doctor who's kind of an interesting guy. And he's telling me about all these different Africa to hold that damn point. What was this guy just talking about the frog? Oh, seriously? Oh, about France. You know, this guy's been in London. He teaches seminars. He does seminars all over the world. This guy. And he's telling me about how he was in Paris and hated it like poison. And boy, I mean, I just took off once he started that. I just thought, blah, blah, blah. So we get to the airport and I, you know, and oh, he was at the different terminal. He was at terminal three. I was at terminal two. So the cab driver stops to drop me off first because my flight's leaving first. And the doctor says, don't worry about it. I'm on the expensive count. I'll pick up the whole thing. How do you like that? Of course he lives in Boston. He don't live here. He was a nice guy. He lived here. What do you said that? No, no chance. If he lived here and if he would have known who I was, he'd have said, oh, you're a big shot. You make a lot of money. You pick up the whole damn thing. That's what he would have said. What have been a cheap prick. But anyway, so the thing about Paris, that really submitted our relationship and got me a free limo ride to the airport. Nice going, doc. Thank you. Good guy. Heights the French. Tigs, disgusting, obnoxious subhuman. And then this guy who pretends to be Canadian that just called up, you go to their country. Yeah. I thought they lost that. Parlay who up your recto, locate pal. This guy probably hangs out with Denise Puffin too much. That dumb frog. 1056 at 560 WQM1. In Faders Now, it's the totally new Star Wars. Yoda loses his virginity. Oh, are two D2. You are one hot mama. Oh, what happening to me? Oh, my. Oh, oh, what's this? Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, yes, yes, yes. Yoda gets gicking with R2 D2. Oh, I do G2. Give it to me, baby. Oh, no, in a favor of you. Oh, no. By the way, I got some very bad news for you Star Wars. France, you're going to be really depressed about this. As soon as I find it, one moment, please. What's either in this in the Sun Seniors in the, yeah, here it is. You're going to be sarcotok when you hear this. Singer Ricky Martin, after all, Star Wars. Oh, hey. Writing the frenzy over his hit song, Live in La Vita, Luka, Ricky Martin is loving his crazy life. The enthusiastic crowd gathered to see the Puerto Rican singing Star at a Manhattan record store last week. Outnumbered the throng across the street, lined up for an advanced screening of the new Star Wars movie. Oh, which means that on both sides of the street, there were a lot of people with really bad taste. To self titled, they do have, how about the Ricky Martin prequel when's that coming out? The prequel. Oh, god. I mean, you talk about pedaling crap to Chinese. I mean, you can pedal the American public anything. The sequel and the prequel and the, whatever. The prequel. A lot of very sad people out there would just unbeleively vacuous minds. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, Ricky Martin is a, I thought he did. Oh, he said, F and suck. We've there like a, a, a post-refioner. Five, six, seven, five, sixty or an ampersand. Don't you like that? Ampercent? I never really knew what to tell that thing was called. And then suddenly somebody told me, like, one of us about 100 years old, that's an ampersand. And I said, huh? Now I know why nobody ever says what that thing is called. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, on the 18th, two-wide of slime. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yes, sir. Did you get a chance to see 60 minutes last night? No. They had an author who wrote a book on the decline of the, really just right, an effect on politics. And also to the one person bemoan the fact that there's a tremendous drop in membership and churches. How? There for there is still hope. Good. That 35% or 60% that are ignorant, may start getting educated. Great. Thanks for the good news. Thank you. Maybe we can get up to like Italy. Does a 90% 97% of the people in this country don't bother going to church or show anymore. Like they don't nearly then we can finally start getting our ass together. Getting a brain in this country instead of all that, you know, I was thinking about that on a plan to have come back last night. A lot with many other interesting things. I had all these things running racing through my mind last night. I'm at the to our 42 minute journey back. And how come you know, I mean, it's the only even have to read past the first couple of paragraphs in the Old Testament to know that it's a bunch of man written crap. Air read that you get newsweek or you get time. And of course I realize that those are coming pink or rags with all their propaganda. And you read about the new fossils they're discovering and about all the missing links in the evolutionary chain that they're piecing together now. Lucy in the sky would do without the diamonds. And you ask yourself now, you go back to that thing in Genesis. You know, God creates the universe and the earth and all this in the stars in the Kakamuna. And right away, and starts with the sexism right away. Okay, he invent a man. Not a woman. Now, wouldn't God have known ahead of time if God was perfect. And God was so God didn't smart. Not dumb like Fredo, but if he was so smart, wouldn't he have known that they would have had to have a woman? Huh? Wouldn't he have known that other animals? Don't start making trouble. I'm going to need some soup by the way. I'm not never going to make this. What the hell did I come in here? I'm getting a sore wroth throat. You're wanting to lie because I was like, right on the board when I came in, but then when you talk on that thing for four hours, then it aggravates it and then you can take a couple of days off in the middle of a week. All right. I'm getting we need soup. We're going to get some soup some nice warm. Tony's Tony's will be good. We love our buddy. What's Brad down at Tony's? See, I remember the name of the day. But what kind of book crap is that? What about the dinosaurs? What about all these other, these bird? All these forms of, there was a thing about the dinosaurs and about how the repiles developed the ability to fly and all that. All this other stuff. Is there anything in there about, no, of course there's not because they had no idea. What the hell did they know? It was written by men four men. Oh yeah, Adam was lonely so he needed to companion. So God reached and then grabbed one of Adam's ribs and made Eve. I mean, the whole concept about that is so sexist that even a two-year-old child even Joe Costello understands that. Who's busy, shave it is nuts right now in the other room? Now let me ask you this, who's going to get the assignment of shaving the interns nuts? Well, isn't that part of the deal when they come to interns? I'm assuming that you would know which interns because the interns that you're interested in, I would assume again don't have any nuts. I would guess that also. Yes. I saw the way you were luring when you had Shannon. See, he sends Shannon in here our intern, our very, very attractive young lady. Center, he keeps sending her on assignments to find things at the bottom of the cabinet over there. Anything to make sure that she has to bend down so he gets a real good bird's eye view from his cat bird seat in the other room. Like he's fooling me, okay? I know a lesson when I see one, like every morning when I shave. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Don't get me started now. This is for off the year. We don't want to start scaring people away, okay? We don't want to start scaring any of our interns away. We finally got somebody in this building that looks pretty good. Don't be scaring them away. Yes. Here's Liberty City. Hello. Yes, hello, Lee. Yes, sir. Yes, I do. Great. I want to, I want to comment about black, um, that's what it's about. I'm not, um, different wind on you with that, but which one would I want to wipe people with this one? It's just in it. So, let me ask you this. Are you a hockey fan? Yes, I am. I thought you'd be better stop. Don't, don't, don't get carried away with that. It's not for you. For white people. But this one would wipe person like in a black person's for it. Because you don't, you don't want white guys muscle again. It's your thing. Don't you want to have your thing? It's not for white people anymore. It used to be years ago when we had all those midgets playing like Bobby Wanzer and the Bob Koozy, that's a different lifetime. I just thought that was, you know, an ignorant. No, it's not an ignorant statement. It's an honest statement. It's not ignorant. It's an honest statement. If the white people start eating all the watermelon, how much you're going to have left? You see my point? What do I have, man? Okay. I don't think you get it. Does he get it? No, no, he don't get it. Why do people take a fence is that I get no black colors on his show. Maybe one or two a week. And then all I got to do is tell you the truth about the NBA. And right, they start getting better on his shape. It's your thing. Squeeze it, grab it. Enjoy it. Oh, man. Just can't handle the truth. 560, 50560, pump 560 on the AT&T Wallace line. Sports factory. I don't have to grow up. I'm like guns. They're up to it. So I can always feel myself for something bad. I did it's gonna be cool when I kill everyone. It's cool. Fuck my dad's dead. It's okay. I'm gonna suicide my right. Like 580 and R.A. That lets me be a gunsner. Heads the guns are us too. I told him how to shoot. Look, he really loves the shadows. What no way is that down the cube. I'm a harmless child. Not to see red next with the size. I'll be in the next. I'm a large child number of the N.R.A. That's why I raised the gunsler of his ears on. Oh boy, which is my gun? I'm glad that for him. Guns are us. 14 at 560 WQ on the HECK Roadler Show from Schuels into a clocked-danny B talking baseball at 6 to build up the tremendous enthusiasm to whip this down into the forefrancy for the Marlon Cubgame pre-game 639. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. Listen, I just wanted to touch basically. I've been a long time listener and first time caller. But regarding the shorts, it's like you're talking about Medlana. Yeah, they might be affluent fair, but in plantation, I've been living here for 28 years and there's a lot of changes going on. A lot of changes. Yeah. Just yesterday, I'm out walking my rot-wilder. All the sudden I look over, I see 15. 15 was the kid beating the living crap out of a white kid on the right there. Stop an auto-space, stop an auto-space. I had to get them away. And you don't want to stop that. Yeah, you had them away. Let me ask you, what kind of mushrooms are you growing in the backyard that you're doing? Making your stories like this. On a to God, right down the street from plantation high school. Yeah. Right down you got 15 kids away. How did you do that? Nice. How about my rot-wilder say, God? And they took off rods. All I said was, get out of here. Leave this kid alone. And they took off running when they saw the dogs. The bottom line here and Neil, you got to open your eyes. There's a lot of changes. Right here in plantation. I mean, I've been here for 28 years since 1971. Yeah. And I'm ready to move out. What would you like to do? Would you like to build a wall at the edge of water hill there? I always can't do that. I understand. And it used to be 441. Forget it. Now it's university. Yeah. Everything keeps going west, west, soon. It'll be out in the acres by you. Well, let's say you can't a day when New York check it out. A lot of white people there. 560, 560, 560 on the... AT&T Wireless Line. Can we just stop and think about that? When you stop and think about that? This guy, all he's being honest, he's expressing the way he feels. Is this...is this tasteful as unpalatable as it is to many of you, I'll assure that may also agree. We...it's not that we...what he's saying is we don't dislike dark people. Just stay where you belong. That's really, is nobody saying? Just stay on the other side. Lot of hill is great he's saying. Over there, over on the other side of 441. Over all of us, fried chicken joints are. That's a better place. For your kind. That's what this guy is saying. I think you're getting just a little bit carried away, sir. You're just a little tiny but out of control. Just like those 600 kids that you disperse, there were beaten up that one poor little white kid. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Yes, ma'am. I'm going to tell you where I think the zero. Well, yes, it's not a star. The crazy lady. Don't put her on again. Okay, please. Don't ever put her on again. Lady, you are crazy that a freaking bed bug. I'd rather hear that last guy with a story about the 48,000 black kids beating up the one little white kid. And I'd rather croak before hearing him again. Okay. Don't call me any more lady. You're just a son of your voice makes me nauseous. God, is she crazy that I want to apologize to all the bed bugs out there. Okay? Because I said crazy that a bed bug. They make her, she makes them look brilliant. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. What I wouldn't give for some real colors in this town. What I wouldn't give for some real people who had something to say. 655 years I've been doing this here. Have I had 10 calls that were worth? No. Am I right? And all these people every year when we do our center one stuff, the best of the other. And they're saying, oh, why did you put a lot more stuff from the show on there? A lot more colors and we always, yeah, right. When are those great calls going to start coming in? We're holding our breaths collectively. We're holding it. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Good morning, my Lord. Yes, sir. Well, I'll try and be good color. Anyways, where's the race of station for the 90s? Evidently. I'll tell you. Well, I'm not another June Florida. Yeah. And my wife is Catholic and we're raising the children's Catholic. Why is that? Well, I'm not religious because I am. You're not religious so in other words, instead of just raising them up, neutral and letting them pick their own poison. You're just letting your wife out. Oh, man. Why is that? Why is that? Well, we took them to church on Saturday for a holy communion. Yeah. I'd never knew what it was about. And all I could think about is you and the sheep going up to the altar, watching the kids. And I've listed them. I said, why am I doing this? And what is the answer? I've been out to sit down and have a talk with my wife about it. Oh, my. Dude. Oh, it's not you. Well, it's not. That's pathetic. It is. It's tragic. What kind of a period are you? That's letting your kid be brainwashed with this craft with these waiters. And what all of these, Chapski's all is silly nonsense. You're right. With the waiters and everything. Yeah. It's ridiculous. I was watching them and I'm thinking to myself, I like to see as the sheep going up to the father, getting away from him. I think I'm going to have to work on a bubble of my thesis. See as a conditioning process, the father wants to condition those kids to putting something in their mouth. That's right. Oh, I will definitely have a talk with my wife about that. Yeah, okay. Well, call us back when you do. I shall. Okay. Mark it on the counter, George 25. 25. He shall. What a pussy man. There's somebody. Pussy's out there in his town. God, I thought the old work on this station. 5. 670560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You may be making a set from light on this. A light. I heard you talking about a light a little bit. I'm the pressure manager for the television show cops. And last year we were shooting in Atlanta prior to the summer. And evidently, so was everybody else. Yeah. But usually when we go with city, our crews are why it was an officer. And you like for an evening shift, they might get about 18 to 20 calls tonight. Yeah. On the land that we were running 35 to 40 calls tonight, which is unheard of. And it was just, you know, one of the cities where we go to, we've never been to a city where you have such a diverse group, you know, mixed with the black and the white. But actually everybody seems to get along very well in Atlanta. And a lot of like you said, the black is very affluent in the area also. At for instance, one of the last, so what's the reason for all the crime? Well, that's, it's hard to explain. I mean, you have a lot of, you have lots of tapping into city and a lot of things happening in the Alskirts. It's just a lot of like you get a lot of petty stuff, but there's a very violent crime area off. So you get a lot of, you know, you have murders. You have a lot of attacks, you know, raped, all that kind of stuff goes on there. But when we were going in there, it's researching Atlanta. We didn't think that it was going to be like that. We heard that, you know, you have a lot of violent crimes. And we got there. We just blown away by it. We couldn't believe it. But, you know, well, if I could more out there to Parliament and everything, for instance, we left Atlanta with Virginia Beach. And we're guys were going out 15 calls a night. And, you know, Virginia Beach is supposed to be like right number six in the country. I don't know if I could really shed any light on why it's like that. But it just happens there. You know, it's just really hard to explain. Well, thanks to the good news. Okay. I'm staying out. Okay. Thanks. All right. Okay. I'll see if the rich caught in the hotel and Buckhead. How do you like that? That's a nice day for areas. As long as you don't leave the hotel. Yeah, that's a very richly affluent part of town in Atlanta. I've been up there, but boy, you don't want to walk the streets even there. You just, you can feel it in the years like Los Angeles. Man, you talk about a scary city. I would say of all the patients I've ever been in my life. Why? And I'm talking anywhere. I'm not talking about bad neighborhoods. I'm just talking anywhere in LA. You just have that sense, uh, you feel it. You can smell it. That sense of fear you don't talk about. Like it just isn't all like we walk it around in the streets even in the middle of broad daylight. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello? Yes, man. Yeah, I was calling about the gentleman earlier. He talked about this 60 minutes. So last night. Uh-huh. I wanted to kind of clarify. He made it sound like it was just some average person I was treated off of this book. Actually, it was by two people who were sort of pat robbers who's right hand men. In fact, they credited, I could wish to remember their names, but he could be credited. One of them has been the one who came up with the name, the Christian coalition. And they were basically saying that, well, considering everything that Clinton's gotten away with, that they've written this book analysis that, you know, just give up trying to be an politics and you're criticizing Jesus and it's not working. And even they had an interview with Robinson saying that, oh, we know we're never going to get abortion made or legal again. It's always going to be legal and then sat in the other. And the thing was the whole time I was watching it, I kept thinking to myself, yeah, you'd like us to believe this and then we'll all feel safe voting for Republicans on some level and then here comes the Brown shirts again. I just thought to myself, boy, what if it's the most big, even if it was the biggest disinformation project ever put out there? And this is just sort of, okay, we're going to go, we're going to draw back now. We're not going to be in politics anymore. So, like, okay, now you can trust their Republicans again not to say it on the river. And, and, and, guns got in hate, that's the model. Don't ever forget it. Guns got in hate. That's your Republican Party of the 90s. Absolutely. Don't recommend to open the home of your set of faces. God bless you, sweetheart. Yeah, good day. Making a killing, the business of guns in America today by Tom Diaz. Y'all to go out and get the book right now. Okay, immediately, if not sooner, speaking of the far right and the National Rifle Association, all these people that love their guns, baby. That's right. Don't be messing with them. Because it's the American F in way. It's part of their whole mindset. It's part of their whole, uh, phallic thing. This gun thing, they wanted, they want to look at it. They want to stroke it, they want to rub it in the gun too. 11 25 with 5, 60, WQ, about to kill the coal. Let's go. Okay. What have you got in the night? Why did you leave the bloody ground? That world was you thinking of all day. And you're almost got away. Oh, man, consider a drive that surrounds the freeway. You should have been on the street in their way. Are your friends gone? You didn't? They say, oh, children take care of you. There's a world of all, all, all, all, all. All, Jane. Man, you can play. I used to watch you, but then tackle. Now you walk around in shackles. Oh, Jane. You go and I'll do the time. Just remember to sleep with your back to the corner. Or you'll be walking like in a chamber. Oh, Jane. Thank you for playing. If it's like the time. It's just, uh, my kiss view just starts spilling out. Man, you could play like that really counts for something. Is it? No, not really. That's the problem with America. Oh, you could play. You could keep the ball. You could run. Yeah. Anybody give a crap with a brain? No, anybody's got a brain doesn't care about that. The fact that you were goddamn cold blooded, ruthless murderer, it slaughtered two young people. That's what we ought to be caring about. And the fact that there are people that still admire and glorify you. And the media still try to pump you back up again. And rehab you. This is the sad part. You know, all this crap a lot morality in America. That's like middle East peace. You know, they think because they're having an election again today over there, that that's going to change something. Is there going to change anything? No, or is that? They can have an election every other circus over there and there's going to change a guy damn thing. morality in America. Any country that admires that elevates to the level at this piece of human scum. And we got the media here promoting, oh, here's, uh, yeah. Why, why did they house you? You have two seconds of publicity in the media anymore. I mean, I think Ted Vundi may have been misunderstood when he come right down to what, huh? And maybe John Hinkley and Jack Ruby and David Brookowitz and John Wayne Gacy. Come on, let's hear him all. All of God damn match murderers. Let's start with all the scumbags, all the slime Charlie Manson, huh? I think he might have been a little bit misunderstood and poor Patty Hurst. And the God damn SLA in the FNA. Yeah. You know, everybody's a folk hero and you're getting marriage proposals in prison. And I mean, come on. morality in America, are you people out of your minds? And they're running around, they're on the freeways on a goddamn side of the freeways there in LA. Go, oh, Jay, go, oh, Jay. Yeah, but he just, you know, he just ran. He just, you know, he's got his passport in 10 grand in cash. He's running. Fuck you, too bad he didn't hold off a big goddamn sign, you know? Sand. The kill in the call. Yeah. Like anybody with a brain doesn't know that? Go, oh, Jay. Oh, he can run fast. We'll see if the hurts counter-row, Jay. And now what he said before he stabbed him at only hurts for a little while. Here's some rise, hello. Hey, me. Yes, sir. What's going on? What is this? I know you're saying, uh, you don't get any, uh, black collar, so you know, I'm trying to change it now. Okay. But, um, that's double your thing. How basketball that's our sport is true, you know? And I'm not going to stay here tonight because you're speaking to choose this like, how easy the sport, you know? That's right. We got our sport, we got basketball, we got football. Y'all got your thing and we got our sign. Exactly, so I'm not going to get to stay here and criticize you. I'm going to listen to you this about every day. I think you're funny. Yes, sir. I'm not going to take. I'm a panic. I'm not going to take everything. You say the heart. It's not like, oh, that's not going to take it the hard way, man. Yeah. Unless you want to, but use protection. No. I don't know. And all that stuff you say about OJ is true. You know, I mean, can you believe we got a whole bunch of answers in this building that worship him that got pictures of him up on the wall? We got more lines in this building. They make me sick to my stomach. Yeah, I mean, I got a bag. I got no respect for OJ and with him before the whole thing. I bet you'd like to pull a switch on that piece of crap. Yeah, it's all good. But, you know, I'm going to try again more black collar. I'll call you so, right? All right. All right, man. God bless you. Yeah. All right. Whew. This is the fly jack by the way. What? The fly the fly host? Well, a different kind of fly. What's the worst? What's his name? Five, six, seven, five, six, six. You're going to have to, I'm going to have to take some. I'm going to have to take a few days off. I'm under a lot of duress. Well, you know, the cold and all of that. That must be it. Got a head cold. Yeah, head cold. There's one good way to solve a head cold. Just give it a good blow. That'll do it every time. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six. Clear out all that congestion and pound five, six, eight on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, no, I feel better. You got some soup coming from our buddy, Tony's bread. Whatever. How come a guy named Brad runs a place called Tony's? Can you explain that to me? Huh? Every time you fight a business, it's like it is a use cars. Hey, worse Eddie. Oh, there's no Eddie here. Hear the owner Tom. Yeah, what is that? Why is it an AT used car? I don't know. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, why? Sevens got to the disease now. First it was line eight. Now it's spilling over to line seven. As Bellsoth continues showing their big fat. Correct. The entire world. You guys suck, okay? If we work for a real radio station, and again, I'm not going to start getting psychotic because I gave that up last Wednesday. Just in time to get deep all pissed off. Yeah, I noticed he was sucking around there in a hallway this morning. See to my face, to my face, he's, you know, sucky, sucky, sucky, sucky. But on the air behind my back. Oh, that, you know, Rogers, he's a hypocrite. He took my fax, man. You know, like a crybaby, like a little child. You know, if I was ballooning up like he is at the rate of 10, 15 pounds every week, I'd be pretty upset too, you know. Here's Hollywood, hello. This ballooning ain't the word for Devo. Jesus, Christ is he a monster in the business. Hey, you know, I don't know, smiling crimes and plantation. It shows fall all around the neighborhood. By the time you get over those walls, you don't feel like being violent no more. That's the idea. There you go, baby. Mm-hmm. Have a good day. Okay. Whatever he said, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. That's 400 open lines here, wait 90 of they. We want to hear from some black people. We'd like hear from some white people. How about some goddamn Asian people, huh? How about some Chinese people who aren't pissed off about that accident they hit over there because they had a bad map. I mean, I've heard some stories in my life. That's the best one. Well, we bought this map at the shelf station before we started our bombing campaign. We got 20 countries involved here from NATO, okay? But they couldn't find a map that's like up to date. They got like an old the source, you know. See, that's what happens. All you kids should learn out there. You get real source when you use an old the source. And that's what happened. They thought they were bombing something. And also, it turned out to be the Chinese embassy. They said, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sure. Interesting story about the Gestapo that went around in Metro's date county calling themselves police officers. Yes. I was, I wanted a business out of a van. And I was visiting a customer this morning. And I pulled into a parking lot where a police officer already had somebody writing some business. And he sat there and waited for me to take my customer to my van to show my wares. And he says, need your driver's license and your insurance and all the information. And I'm running a commercial business out of a van without any markings. I need to have my name, my address, the phone number. Right. In three inch block letters across my van, so every criminal can see what I gotten my van so they can come rob me. Right. Oh, and then the cop tells me, well, they already know what you got. The very interesting you, they're already watching you. It's just amazing that we've got nothing else for these cops to worry about. But you know something I'm looking on the violent crime list in mind is number five. We made the top five again. Oh, violent crime we're talking about. And they got somehow they found time at their busy schedule to nail your ass. And then he has the nerve to tell me that they sit at the home depot parking lot, waiting for contractors. And people with different types of businesses to load up at home depot and they nail them there. He actually told you this way. A lot of cuts past. It was a dumb, short, but anyway, if you could play the ER, E.R. E.C.T. I don't want to stop for me. That would give me a lot of hope. It's like, okay, good luck to you, sir. And go learn some Yiddish. We got a Jewish guy here. Don't always get it. Oh, man. Schwarz just means black. Okay. When you stop, Finster is dark. Schwarz is black. Let's start with the Yiddish 101, which is very much like Trim and two by the way. Isn't that interesting? I mentioned that the other day. It's a very fascinating thing that German and Yiddish sounds so much alike. And yet, if you're Jewish and you hear people speaking German, the little tiny hairs on the back of your next stand straight up. This train is dollar the hands of the German police. Oh, I. That was a scary moment. I mean, just the way he said it, you know. Okay, you're leaving a Netherlands where everybody's, you know, open-minded. We like all of you guys here. Even you Jews. But now we're in Germany. Everybody on the train is going. Like, like that. 24 noon at 5.60. Of course, you can always crawl down that little hole. Right out on the tracks. Coming here is I'll show you mine. R-E-C-P-I-O-N. If the record's on, I'm gonna kick off my news. Drift off my dress. If they can be wet when I see you, yes. I'll be in the rest of the two. It's for my mouth. I bought it. Merchants every end of top of you. And take it out by lubricated move to. All right. Give me an air-preg time. Yeah. And nail me through the wall. He R-E-C-P-I-O-N. I bought it straight to our ball. I want to love it. Well, we obviously went to do a door-loom thing. And that'll give it a blow. Here's a boarding agent. And take it. And sing, son. Now you take up the sum on a dress on the surround. You're pulling too. And make your wonderworm explosion. That sum, and red. And it's on the circle side. All right. E-R-E-C-P-I-O-N. How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How do you get the grunt here? This is a table for a company. I haven't had a cold in one. Like two years now. I would say a long time. How are you? I'm fine. And it's great when you don't have a cold. I mean, even if you have all those other things like the rational, and I had the, all those things. But having a cold, it's just a not a major thing. But it's annoying. The scratchy throat, you know, there's that, not only the scratchy throat, but how do you describe that like a bed taste in the base of your throat. You don't talk to them, huh? Yeah, taste like. Like mucus, like, because it is. And then, of course, then, and you feel like any minute, you're just going to have like real loose bowels, you know? Oh, I just constantly, that, kind of squishy feeling. And it's just, it's just not good, you know? Sicken up, do not feel great about it. But not sicken up to be sitting on my ass at home. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, some pretty damn good. They'll tell you for an old fart. And time 5, 60, on the AT&T line. Colors suck as usual. We've had a couple of calls today. Have we? Couple of good, huh? One or two that had something to say? Well, at the young shfart you got, he was all right. That brother? The fly boy? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, I've been waiting all, I get the couple of months now, patiently for you to talk about, our favorite American city, because I'm going there next month. What is your favorite American city? Las Vegas? There you go. Yeah. What I wanted to say, what do you mean you've been patiently waiting? We talked about Vegas almost every day last week, I think. Well, then in most of the year, time when I'm not listening, I got five nights I'm going to spend out there to play. And I wanted your recommendations for a few restaurants for dinner. A few restaurants for dinner? Yeah. First class. Oh, you got to go to seizures. What's the name of that great Italian restaurant in seizures? Bucketown. Bucketown. Oh, that's not a meal that's a feast. Bucketown. It's a... About the new Venetia, you know, anybody's been in there? No. Well, I mean, the casino part is open, but it's still not... Yeah, we had a call, I think, from some of you have been in there, but they open the casino part first, and then they're finishing the rest of it, so I don't know. But I mean, when you're there, you'll check all these places out, of course. Well, I've got a suit. All right. Have you been in the Mandalay Bay? No. No. I heard the Venetia a couple of fourth collapse there and killed some construction work. Really? Maybe it's not open. Yeah. But what about that? A couple weeks ago. No, because then that's not true, because it opened the right on time. We had calls from people who had been there. All right, so we got Bucketown, what else? Yeah. Ruth Kristakehouse. Okay. Well, and see, Georgia smiling. I don't care. I don't care. Okay, let him smile. Okay, so let me tell him the other place. The Rosewood Grill. All right. Even though Ruth Krist has better steak. Rosewood Grill, I mean, they got great lobsters and steaks. It's right on the strip. It's right by the Imperial Palace, right at the little north of that. Yeah, whatever happened to your stomach trip. If I went on at one time when a guy who set up the trip, he had that cute little girl who was in junior high. Maybe she's old enough now to start taking care of some business. Yeah, I'll bet. All right, I have a great time, pal. Okay, you'll have a great time. What? Yeah, she's got a school name. I don't know. I mean, like I said, mind your own business. How do you make Bob Lincoln alone? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pont. Yeah, I feel like squishy. You're not saying like any second. Oh, to loose blooddreck. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 0, Pont, 5, 60, on the AT&T wireless line. Another very controversial Monday, like all of them. When you get upset, I'm not least in upset. In fact, I'm delighted that I could be here today, because otherwise I'd be sitting at home when I'd be doing bristane and all. You know, and that stuff makes you sicker. Makes you make you worse. You just have to fight your way through it. When you're a real man like me, you fight your way through these things. You don't sit around at home feeling sorry for yourself sniffling all day. Like some kind of a little pansy. Here's Pepper Pine, hello. And then we're going on. How you doing? How are the chicken in today? All right. You know, I was thinking man, the white people was the one that invented basketball. Yeah. Now we took it over. That's right. Take it full ball and one ball is white people with ball. Wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm inventing that. Try to, and then you guys took it over. So thank the P2O, that was a gris kid. We'll be taking over hockey next, baby. Yeah. All right. I'll be out of here just in time, I guess. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pont, 5, 60. In fact, Rob Needamar was on a plane there last night with Nikki Taylor. And as he walked down, he had to think of her. I said, hey, Rob, you think P2O was a real player? And he said, oh. Actually, I didn't say word. Now, how come I did that? I wasn't going to speak to him. He must take me like poison. You know what? See, they're, they're guys that are like, uh, I got a sense of humor. And then they're guys worth in skin. He has a right to be up. So would me, because I ripped him an ass Needas herbs it. So I'm not going to pretend to put an act. I mean, okay, so I bought the kid lunch a couple of years ago one day there. Right? It chiles. Remember, Rob, you need to mark. He's a nice kid. He just don't have the heart for it, okay? He just ain't got it. I got to put on some phony cut a a robin. Nikki, how you guys doing? Great to see him. That's just not me. I'm just a quiet guy. I said, they're mine in my own business with my eyes darting in all directions. Making sure I don't miss a guy damn thing. And I see plenty, believe me. For example, I can't tell them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I see you're never going to, that always is going to be in the recesses of your mind. They also will, you see you pretend that you won't. But the fact that I know something that you don't, there's a little bit of curiosity. I'm sure there's this whole world. What thing that you know that I do? I'm really happy to that. This one you would want to know. And I can't tell you. I don't care what this is. You've got to die. Yeah. That's not the point of it, okay? But forget about it. Here's a camera, I'll tell you. How you doing? Okay. I finally showed a Brittany Spears video. Yes. On a one to four, I rate that a four tissue video. Okay. I had to take matters of my own hands halfway through. Yeah. Now I want to talk to you about the hockey. Uh-huh. About the brooons. Halfway through the third game. After first two periods. Buffalo started pinching it at the fentrum and then the feldon. They only had two. They only had nine shots. The first two periods. How about the brooons? Then having to get more shots. If they pinched it at the fence. What are you talking about? How can they have a game more shots? You just won five to three. That's one game. Why do you have a game in a half? I don't mind. I had any. I haven't paid any attention. I haven't paid any attention. That's a small potato that's too small potato. Just like that. There's just going to the cup. Going to the cup. They made wear a cup. They're not going to the cup. The least are firemen. Well, are you hoping to get a smell of my three to Toronto Saturday night. For two hours. They were driving through the streets. Hocking their horn. Y'all and go leave. We've got to go. We're in the blue and white and the banner. It was fantastic. Well, I wish I could have been there. Let me ask you. What was Toronto's record against the brooons this year? One and three. Right. No. Three o'clock. Against the brooons? No. Three o'clock. You didn't beat him again. Who didn't know who won the three? The brooons won the three and he would two ties. The last tie was on the ESPN2. What does that mean? What is the least record against the flyers during the regular season? Everybody beat the flyers. You don't know. They released one and three against the flyers in the regular season. They beat him in six. Forget about those records during the season. You know you're making things up now. You're trying to rationalize. You throw that off the window. It's a new ball game now, man. If Toronto gets to the cup of the brooons. Don't have a happy Schmitty at your house. In fact, to you. 5 6 7 0 5 60. What happened to the truck by the way? And all those red wing fans have become very quiet. Koma. Koma. Even they brought the Chris Osgood back last night. Two lights. The horses are already out of the barn, baby. And at Patrick Frog, he's landed or shut. You can just see the red wings gulping and gasping for oxygen now as they're going taking the pipe. And good. We don't want to see all these teams winning year after year. We don't want any more dynasties. We don't want any more four games, sweeps in the finals. Let's have a little bit of excitement. Especially now that those big sparks is lost at basketball game yesterday that everybody in this town is so bad out of shape about. What kind of a person with an IQ larger than his thumbnail gives a crap of about the NBA. What kind of a, what kind of a white guy? Like I said, I don't know. A black people they should like the NBA. It's their people. Those are their heroes. You know, Zo and Schwal and whatever those guys are called. Bow. Yeah, how come all those black guys are all we do have. We have Bow a camper. Huh? Bow Kim back camper. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. A mobile in Miami. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Let me say it again. Yes. Hey, just a couple of quick points about Atlanta. Uh-huh. A beautiful city in terms of the. We're naming them. He's 6 great restaurants. I'm just kidding. The most racially polarized city in the United States and it's the critical because it calls itself the accretal of civil rights. Yeah. My last point. F. O. J. Later. Okay. F. O. J. That's what I say. That's what everybody with a brain would say. We, we just spies, O. J. We're, we're nauseated by O. J. And we're nauseated even worse by people who had my R. O. J. And what really makes me sick of my stomach is anybody who would ask for O. J. autograph. That kind of a person should be deported and sent back to Venezuela and put up in the mountains there with all those barbarians. That's the goddamn truth. Stuck is hitting here this morning like, my good best lost buddy, you know? I'll waste your time talking to me. Go get O. J. autograph. My autograph ain't worth nothing. Okay. Maybe O. J. autograph will be worth something one day. Piece of scum slime lying, disgusting murdering son of a bitch. Oh yeah. Can you give me O. J. Is autograph? Well, go last. Roll. Close with him. Okay. And believe me, he's paying every day of his life with those oozing bloody stools. See, I think he just made that up that that went away. He's doing burst. Because the Lord works in the serious ways. If you're going to, if you're going to, if you're going to, if you're going to conserve with a murder or like that, then the Lord is going to be pissed off at roll. He's going to have oozing bloody stools for a long time until he mends his evil ways. You know what I'm saying? Tell me, stops consorting with the evil? What is that god damn soup in here already by the time? It's here. Oh, the same god. Oh, just in time. Just in the next time. This is my thoughts about ready to give out. I'm almost ready to have you start playing those stupid songs that you got. Like that. Oh, that's some of that pretty good stuff. Oh, the stupid song. The stupid song. I'm not told. I don't know what that was. I thought I was like, I'm using the engine. Yeah, well, I could be. By the way, that I mentioned the best people is run Saturday night live this weekend. And they sunk. See, I'm not like you. I don't, I tell it exactly the way it is. No, what I apologize for. They were, they were terrible. They were awful. And whoever keeps sticking them on there. I don't know what to deal with. And Brian, you know, you're got the best voice at a whole group Brian. You got range every time there's a solo part that requires like a range of, they always picked Brian. He's got the best voice. But every time he's on their live, Brian screws it up for us and anybody. Come on, Brian, cut it out before we chop your heart out again. You didn't even know what I'm talking about. Good. Four minutes still new in the QA. And if you're not. Put on your bed. Well, we're in the rear. And I've got no fear. Oh, me, don't we're no men, don't be for me, yeah. The five people live in the blue that's still. Reck-o. The choir stays that leaves you empty. The easy leaves is good, dear. They said it's pain. But like a safe man, I'm so familiar in your ain't it. Good night. They said like a pain is too big. The sweet and they'd cry, they'd cry. You're moving inside in all of me. They said like a pain is too big. Well, say that he'd leave. The tongue was in the juicier. They said they'd cry, they'd cry. Now while the real man got my tongue off in your room. Who's burning? Please, I love you. Tell us it, dear. I got a place to go. I got a place to go. With friends called me the birth tube. I heard you yelling, Chacha! But I prefer you to be the one prom喜歡 by your honest name excluding my sounds. It's that jitter. With windsไcine,cus the words are nice. The cier wad whenever they got to fly over their shoulders. I can't pay any to me. Now put away that pay while the darling I'm throwing a shot. Just make sure I won't hurt you. Think it's not silly when I see railing or to lose you. Then I lost it all, but I'll lose it's not true. When what I do, please make me feel a little lack of a man. You'll find it hard to sit down and I get done with your can. Think like a parent is too big. We did it, made their body. You're the red sign in all of this. The next day. The next day. The next day. The next day. There's only just something really election by way. Follow 4-5-60 WQM. We have a little conference. The gear that you're in is so slow. You have to live till about 500 until you ever progress into the real world. I thought you said you had something for me to win a nipple on and there by the way. No. Is that what you said? He already went home. Yeah. And it was yours? I ordered it for me. I thought you probably won something next to me. You've had a big meal meal and an any pasta. I don't want to eat a whole lot because that I'll be on the way home. I don't want to have that experience in my beautiful new car again. Because I feel a little loosey goosey. I was talking about something which I don't want to mention in the name yet. And I said, Jo Kitten here during the break and we were talking about this particular individual. I said, he's what was the first one that he agreed to? Pretty boys. He joined me that there are guys who are pretty. But the word beautiful he cannot relate to. He says, guys are not beautiful. And I said, that would be like my sitting here saying that women are not beautiful. I don't understand how you can say woman is beautiful. Are there statues that are beautiful? Huh? Are there paintings that are beautiful? Are there buildings? I mean, like are there directions that are beautiful? But Jo doesn't understand how you can put a man's feet in your mouth. He doesn't understand how you can even look at anybody's feet much less forget about a man. Let me say it again. Here's a guy who shames his nuts and he's got an anti-foot fetish. He never saw a foot that he liked. Right? He knew that whether he was on his girlfriend, but it was unlike it could be a while. Whitney Spears could come in right now, start naked. And if Jo happened to see her feet first, that would be the end. I mean, he would go running out of the screaming, Puking his guts out. That would be the end of the lunch all over the floor. That Britney Spears angle is not a fat. Yeah, like would you do her if you had to give her a big foot suction job. And he said, oh, no. And here's a guy that's given me advice on beautiful guys. Here's a lady in Pepper Pine, tell her. Yes, ma'am. I have a message for you from Las Vegas. Yes. My husband and I were there last weekend. And we took your advice when we went to the Rosewood Grill. And the nature de there, the same Marvin, a gray hair guy, a little skinny eyes. We told him we were there because our friend Neil on radio told us about. And he said, he said at least five people months tell him that you send them there. And he said, tell him, please, please next time you're here. I will introduce. I built this up to a thing now. I'm expecting a preview next time I go. Great. Excellent. I think so. I want to let you know because that promise in my column tell you. And before you go, this is perfect. We got a lady on here after that conversation. I just said, Would you agree that there are men who are beautiful? Yes, there are. Can you name you one? A beautiful man. Yes. My husband is beautiful. My husband is beautiful. He's gorgeous. And my husband loves the soft clothes. So I was with my conversation. All right. See you. She says there has been a lot of girl pins for hundreds of likes to suck. Toes is what she said. Five six seven rhymes with five six seven. Five six six eight pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Looks like I scammed a good free meal at the Rosewood grill. Biggest. It's a good place. Big big juicy steak, gigantic lobster. They take the picture. They do the whole nine yards. It's not cheap. It's a pricey place. But if you're going to make it still be looking for cheap. If you want cheap, stick with your buffet. Okay. One thing. All you people want to do all of the face. You lose a lot less money gambling because when you're standing online, one and a half two hours for every meal three times a day. It's all the less time you'll have to plunge your brains up to lose all that money. For example, Robert Wagner. You know, Robert Wagner to catch a thief. He has time. So the old guy Robert Wagner. Then he'll know that. That old fart Robert Wagner who was on to catch a thief on a TV cop show and at horrible who couldn't act as a head of a paperback when he was young. Robert Wagner was a beautiful guy. That's not the baitable. That's not Neil Rodgers saying that that's. If I what was the movie he was in was they did later with Matt Dylan was in it. The Philadelphia thing about where the guy killed his fiance. Remember that story? You know what I'm talking about. The original one Robert Wagner started that where he poisoned her and it didn't work. And he got a weapon that building was them through off the edge. Some of it is really important what the name of the movie was. But Robert Wagner when he was a very young man was in I movie and anybody who could have seen that and said Robert Wagner wasn't a beautiful guy. It's for a crap is a very concerned brain nervous about their own sexuality. Oh, by the way, tell you who I ran into. Nine minutes past no did five sixty w q a. The deaf is sick and he's got badly. Got whiplash. I don't know what she was trying to but you got a note must dash. He's in through the table and show what I see. What are your games like in more and maybe on TV. Mom and dad were hooked together like night like in one. What's my life for something like that? Mom wants the electric doors down with breathing heavy. Mom was on her knees. And that had a pool of cool costumes and welting pee. He's been told to pee. Watching mom and dad. Getting turned to pee. The most long ever had when we watched those little wongers. The nice started to get sick. If daddy's name is Albert, why don't ask for a gift? Daddy's grown in his eyes, roll back. Mommy wants it more. She's like back on top of them but all he did was snore. He's been through the cage hole. Has a minute passed. I can't wait to try to set up the darling my class. But I can't wait to try to set up the darling my class. Perfecting at 5.6. We got ankle. We're sure from Shulastake to a 2 o'clock. Danny B. talking baseball at 6. Marlins in the cubs. 5.6. I've been a quick turnaround. I'm the issue. I'm embarrassed to tell you. I'll trust the fact he probably figured it's not a good day to be stubborn anyway. But anyway. I got all kinds of things today. Just call me Mr. Blackmailer today. That's right. I got everybody by the short hairs today. Of course in his case, there's no hairs to be. You know, he already shaved them off. I told him, right, I think it's not actually those. If you put your head on 9 inches. So I do manage to cut it. I don't have to pull on a lot of ideas going on 안에 after it's set up. I have to do. way Leo is not. Have you seen the things for his name will be too Leo? Look and like, he should have been in Wizard of Oz. You could have been the scarecrow. Here's the lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. How are you? Fine. Thank you. My name is Ron and I just wanted to ask. You need more to ask. Ron? Ron? Yes. I just wanted to say congratulations to one of my friends who just graduated from law school. I know you typically don't do that kind of things. Go right ahead, Ron. Whatever you like it's Monday. Anything that kills a few seconds, we love it. Well, I know he's one of your biggest fans and he's probably listening right now. His name is Steve Oliver. Yeah. And he just graduated from St. Thomas University on Saturday. Right. Hi, it's gone. Steve. Thank you very much. And Steve, your boyfriend or something? I'm your friend of mine. Are you married? No, I'm not. Okay. Well, I'm, I thought to see the way I responded that I thought it might have been embarrassing because if you're married, you say he's also a boyfriend of mine that kind of make it embarrassing to be an alloyer, that's a good start. You know, that's it again. Nice going. Steve, congratulations. Thank you for giving me your airtons. And have a great day down. Bye bye. Or what, Ron? I whatever name was Donna Rhanna Rosanna Dana. Where's my any positive, by the way, that you shouldn't be eating? You can't be eating a big vehicle meal. Speaking of a positive, by the way, what? It's just a vehicle no positive. So what do you want? A metal? Cow killer. So anyway, so you can have a meal meal. Do you know, have you seen, I mean, I know he's a shameless, desperate auto. Have you seen the latest thing, the scan that Richard Simmons has come up with now? Well, he's got like a little low goes of what you're supposed to eat. Here's a picture like a drumstick and a picture of a baby. I mean, I'm going to tell you something. I thought I was telling you about that. You said it was another deal of meal. It is. But I mean, I just, I guess, we think you go, maybe last weekend. I saw the information for it for the first time. How could any person? I mean, I know our fat people are desperate. But talk about exploiting desperate fat people. Richard Simmons, you are a pile of walking crap. You silly person you, you silly goose. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, great to hear you. I'm on here from Tampa visiting from the land of last there. And, oh, yes, I guess you know Jay. At least three seconds for this guy to get that last hit or crap out. Yeah. I guess you know, obviously Jay Corb was bought up by Clear Channel. Right. That's all that's the mythopic of his shows lately. Nothing of bitch bitch bitch. Yeah, but we don't care. We know what he over here knows who that is. Well, I guess maybe he might have his old gears who listen to him back. Okay. Well, listen, nice hearing from you. Have a great day. See, that's that's all they can talk about when they call here. The Tampa people is bloblasser. Do we care about him? No. Does anybody over here remember him? No, I don't want to remember him. Oh, oh, you people from Tampa and you wonder why we went off the year over there? Jesus, K Christ. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. He most of the guys who listen to the show, they would never ever admit that a guy was beautiful ever under any circumstances. So we made some very fast inroads with Joe. Of course, the fact that it was on this particular day is probably a reason for it. Here's more Lauderdale. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Nice to speak with you. Yes, it is. I was hoping that maybe you could have a clear something. Where am I a portrait? Clear something up for me, Neil. I am a straight male, but as far as this thing is going on. I'm really not for you. What the conversation with the conversation this afternoon, that I would assume that gay men look at other men the same exact way that the straight men look at women. No. Well, what do you mean the same way? Well, when I say the same way. They don't look at their breasts. Well, I've obviously not but as far as a straight man going, boy, she got some great knockers. You'll hear a gay man say, boy, he's got a great ass. I mean, it's it's it's it's I don't I never I never hear any any straight any gay guy say he's got a straight a great ass. I never never hear that. I'd say I hear straight guy say he's got a great ass. Well, I just I just thought that maybe that because it was straight people that invented that saying piece of ass. Gay people don't use that term. I really started never hear people using a piece of ass. Well, I'm just saying this the way that straight men look upon women is being beautiful right and as gorgeous. Right. I think or cute. I mean, you can you can use these during all this grab. Hey, but there's so many adjectives describe it, but I would I would think that I pull I did last week on Ricky Martin was he cute, beautiful, a gorgeous and then they they popularized it was Maddo Cohn was the one I won out overwhelming. I would think that men look at men in the same way as far as straight men looking women. That's what you just said. Beautiful. You know, what's wrong with a gay man saying that another man's beautiful. I just don't I don't get it. I don't either. I think there's so many people. Well, it's America though. They're very uptight about that. It just sounds, you know. Unfortunately, it seems like everyone is America's so uptight about everything. That's right. Maybe that's why everybody's low on each other's strength. They want to put the blame on everything else except for maybe a little bit of themselves and just the way that society is. Yeah. But as far as that hockey call, you know, that was pretty terminal about the record showing the regular season. Everybody knows that the playoffs are totally and completely. Well, this guy's trying to convince himself. He's trying to talk himself in a way. And whether we play Buffalo or Boston, it really doesn't make a bit of difference to me. And I really want to win tonight. I don't want to have no game seven. I picked a least of a series in six. I did it very objectively, very rationally. I figured it would take a couple of games with them to a bat to the style that they play and to get a real grip on how to control your honor, which you scavenged is doing a great job. And I say, what's that? Why we wrap it all up? Yes. I agree with you. And I think that I think they will get it over with tonight because good teams do finish teams off. There you go. And I got to say that Detroit is looking like the black box. I think it is the black box actually just in the Detroit. You can hear those gagging, gurgling sounds, man. They're just gagging on it. And like I said, they had their two cups enough. Is it off? Let's move on to somebody else better than we don't have to play them in the finals. Exactly. I have a great afternoon. And back to you. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six on the mobile one line. They're dancing in the streets in Toronto. Baby, Saturday night, they were dancing. They were a branch in the head of blue and white. They were all fired up and pissed off and excited just like this town, right? Oh yeah. Oh, gee, he lost the game. I mean, airbie column this in this town turned on them like a red. They lose by one point on a last second shot. They lose by one point. And granted from what I'm reading about it, it wasn't the prettiest of efforts all the way around. They made some turnovers late in the game. But nevertheless, it lose by one point. And if they would have one by one point, the same guys like Dan LaBasterd and David Hyde running Hyde and all these other phonies would have been, oh, hey, we, we this. And we can't be, you know, you're such a much of phony part of this town, man. You can smell them 100 miles away. God, you can be driving up there in Fort Pierce or Viral Beach. We probably have people in our cars list in the me all the way up there. If you're old on your window and smell something real bad, that's one of the phony parts, wanting his aroma all the way up wind up state. phony phony baloney, Dan LaBasterd, all you are the third rate. That's why you're here. You're third rate. I happen to be first rate, but I also happen to be making a lot of money. So I'm trapped here. You know, our minds may have like at the end of coaches corner Saturday night after the first period. Coach's corner ends in Don Cheerion, TVC says, am I greater or what? And I thought to myself, you know, something I feel the same way. Do I great or what? Oh, damn right. Here's Abbotura, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great. Two guys come to mind when you say a beautiful guy. Yes. One would be carry grant when he was young. And carry grant was handsome. I don't know. The guy was perfect, you know. I saw him on biography last week. Because it was also a, I don't want to say it though. Really? I don't know. They didn't say anything about it. Both ways. All right. And the other one would be James Dean. I mean, that guy. Oh, you're middle of my lunch. Oh, yeah. What do you want? Dean was in. Listen, I'm a straight guy at my opinion. My golden retriever laid a beautiful dump in my lot this morning. The look just like James Dean is a matter of fact only a small bitter. And the other thing I wanted to say was, you know, I know when he is a new station and trying to get rating this. It makes me sick. What they're doing with this OJ thing. Yeah. They're just perpetuating this. They don't understand. They had the same backlash when they came on the air. Back when they were put to ring up my show on there. In the beginning with all the South Beach, Julio crap that they were trying to pull and they don't realize that 99% of South Florida isn't a part of that. Doesn't care about any of that and resent most of that stuff. And that's one of the reason that nobody want to do with that television station. And now they're turning around because that doesn't work. Now they're trying to latch on to OJ and they don't realize the backlash they're going to get from that. Great people going to be watching the OJ crap on there is our buddy role for OJ liqueurs. We got here in the building. Well, right before the song, you said the media is sick. And you know what? In this case, they're a bunch of sickos. Okay. It makes no sense. Well, screw OJ. That child Neil. All right. To the loo. Toodles. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. We're looking for a list of beautiful guys today. Just a piss off, Joe Costello. Beautiful guys. And don't tell me Ricky Martin. I'm not talking about guys that have had 16 face lifts and had to be bushed up through a miracle of cosmetic, a wizardry. Ricky Martin who's been reinvented. I mean, they must have had like a body transplant with him. He's like a whole new different person right now that Ricky Martin. She's been remade. So to speak. Here's a mobile and watch pombie. Chill out. Hey Neil, how you doing? Great. Good. I don't know. I just got in the car. I don't have a minute of listening. I don't know if somebody mentioned it. They might mention the whole all their last night. No. They're talking about the column by shooting. Then he had a one. Yeah, the panel of experts. Yeah, then noise brothers. Yeah, Don King. Alan Dershwood. What a panel of experts. This is. Yeah. Yeah, we don't have the problem solved by now. I've not done yet. Yeah, the Reverend, that other black Reverend who's a, Al Sharpton. Al Sharpton. And he had Rob Riner. I mean, it's just a casting character. And also Jerry Fallwell. Oh, yeah, that was Jerry. Fallwell's on there and Paul, this was what do you think we ought to do about this? Yeah, we need to go back to the family lives and get the kids and yeah, I think he went you off here. And next thing, Alan Dershwood jumps right in his shot and starts saying, you know, he doesn't even address the, for all those questions. He goes right at Fallwell and says that religion is the culprits of all major aggressions and, you know, anywhere from the inquisitions all the way up to what's going on. God bless that Jewish boy Alan Dershwood. God bless him. Oh, they're a terrible book. Yeah, they're at any other sproats, but I just wanted to tell you that Dershwood, so we was a professional, you know, perpetuating everything that you've ever talked about on the radio. So and don't forget, he also defended O.J. Okay. Thanks. So goes to show he's not all good. 27 passionate at five 60s, just a typical lawyer man. He'll take money from anybody no matter how many people they kill. Willy, are you snowing the bathroom? Yeah, normal. Right out. Little Willy Stanford just found something amazing and his life will never be this thing. God, you sure it's in there enough a lot. Are you all right in there, Willy? Oh, almost finished. Coming soon, the theaters everywhere. It's a lot of food. When I found my dad's forno. Willy, we're at all the clean-up. And what's this all over the floor? Are you eating in here again? From the press and awkward team to the happiest guy in school. Really Stanford has found heaven in his father's whole chest. Oh, it's okay, Mom. You and that go out. I'll stay here in much now. I don't mind. When I found my dad's forno, rated PG 13, all kids age 13 must see this film. PG pretty good. 1231 at 560 WQAM. Here's a mobile in 560. 560, pound 560 on a mobile online. What can you say about him? He's an asshole. That's the best you can do. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, first time caught on the nail. All right. All right. I just wanted to say that the industry man. Yeah, I just meant like you was in my heart. Like you don't have to be an artist or an art dealer to go to art gallery and see a beautiful painting. And I see beautiful men all the time. Right. And I'm straight and I just wanted to state that. And when you see when you're probably jealous. Sometimes I get there and not a day. And that's right. I got to let you a serve for your for your flank and honest. Whatever you said. Oh, okay. How right. See there you go. We got a couple of miles. They're not too many. They climb into their shell when he hears stuff like this. Oh, I see he's trying to all I'm trying to open up your mind and get a little honesty out of people. We're trying to get a little country as a goddamn difficult thing to do. It's almost impossible. I've been bringing up. Jo Castellos to run it brought it up with his stubbornness because he insist on trying to stay in the stone age and just slowly Brick by brick. We're trying to build a brain for this guy and bring him into the real world. Someone who's been so sheltered. It's a miracle. That he could find where to start shaving. 567. 0560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi Neil. Good morning. It's Robert L. Senior. Listen. My son listen to you on the internet. I'll pull the Colorado and bolder heights. Yes sir. He just graduated law school and I wanted to congratulate him through you also on the show like the lady did for her friend. Yes. I saw Robert L. Junior graduated. He didn't pass the board with the other 38% of the class. But he listened to you involved in my other son math that's on a movie shoot with Woody. Woody Ells and and last Vegas right now. Also listen to you. They entered this meeting a year ago but I've been too busy this week. I'm getting knee surgery on Friday morning. So I wanted to call and say why don't you see if we can get rabbit to call and bust your balls because he's a doll for man. I tried to get into call you. He's part of a country club set. He's probably doing play in the hospital. He's probably busy whack at those balls about okay so God bless you. You're okay. You're okay. You're new phone. Okay one call after the board's not looking to promise him. We got an hour. Twenty six minutes to go. I thought we had a little bit of momentum here. Then Joe Custell came in and ruined the show with a lot of pretty boy talk. All that's bad stuff. You don't understand Joe these guys get very upset when they hear that stuff. They they are they we treat. They jump back into that room and it closed that closet door. James shut and tight. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile online. Well you don't understand. You look Monday. These people are busy. They're too busy to talk with you about these things or any other goddamn thing. That's right. I understand. I want to be new to six seven hundred years. By the way, this launch may be feel a lot better. Clean up my that suit clean up my throat. Man now for you to get a few calls. I'm actually come back tomorrow. But I doubt it. I really doubt it. I feel like a real real nasty head cold. We want where you kind of like lose your voice. Could I better and try this for three or four days? And George has got a lot of great phone. Yeah, balloon and music can play for you. When you're chatting or singing the loosely in the sky with whatever. Well, for me. There you go. I'm inspired and aware. Yeah, I'm not. I must. I'm going to get you a little more. We've Martin. Very good. Thinking you know how you knew because he had a runaway S not that week Martin there was a but it just when you got that many teeth. They're like he's got. Seriously, he's got an enormous muscle of teeth and sometimes the S is start like running away a little bit runaway S gives you a every time. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. Any all are your first time call or long time. Listen. Uh-huh. And I don't think there's nothing wrong with gay people. As long as they support the NRA and by lots of. Uh-huh. Yeah. How did we know? Was our friend a little spicked? They always starts every call. First time collar long time listener and George and I always look at each other and not are had like there it is again. And then he opens up his mouth and says some stupid pathetic little thing and he goes over to his boyfriend and a grab each other around there. He's a little bit of a little dance and he didn't call. No, of course not. But hey, it killed 30 or 40 seconds so I have a great life. Okay, if you ever find one. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's David. Hello. Hey, how you doing? See those people who understand. I don't give a crap anymore. So it's not going to rattle my cage. I couldn't hear less. I got a whole new lad to do. Great, sir. A beautiful. I don't know. It's just a little bit. I can't call a dad beautiful. Okay. Well, that's good. See I like hearing this. So that you can't go that far. You could say he was handsome. Well, I can use the time pretty. Yeah. But beautiful. Just sounds a little too. Like it like baggy. Yeah. Yeah. Something about that. I don't know. And I'm still waiting for worldly manager to come across the line. What's what's the deal with that? He tells it to a clock. And of course, don't forget I picked a Philly and she's back in the barn. I, you know, if I would have been thinking which I wasn't and you notice when Dave Johnson called on Friday and I apologize, profusely all of he don't care. He's a good guy. But I just, I'm not into it. I haven't followed through about racing in several years now. And I thought I'm my interest in so little. But if I would have really, because I did see the story. The Chris, Anthony story. And that's a great story. And nobody has talked about it. Because the only people you'll hear talking about horse racing like when Hank comes out of to great job again. Hank, he did a super job on ABC on a previous two bad. They had so many audio problems. But that's not his fault. But nevertheless, he did a really good job. But the problem is that the Chris, Anthony story, is a huge human interest story. That's the kind of story that the media almost always loved to think their teeth into. But the only kind of people you heard talk about horse racing are 100 years older than I am. I mean, really old. Because the pyramid tools like I told you before, they haven't gone out and got any new blood in old old dying off. That's it. That's very sad. But that's where it is. And then how about that jackass by the way that ran in front of the field? One's not on the track that gook that maniac. The hell was his name? I got that thing here somewhere. The 22 year old man who stood on the track at Pimico's horses race passed him down the stretch. Was being held Sunday. And the first that we saw charge a correction official in Baltimore said, Lee Ferrell of Bellar, Merlin was being held at Baltimore's central booking facility said Barbra Kuwait said it went so on. maniac. I mean, it was one of the earlier races before the pre-nisc. And this lunatic is out there. It runs out, drunk is a scunk out of his mind, and the extended farther field. How the hell did he get out there? First of all, maniacs. This is the American F and Wade, baby. Everywhere you go, there's crazy people. So whatever you do, make sure that we preserve those fetuses because God only knows we got a real shortage of people in the US of it. 21 before one at 5. 60 WKM if you do. Where are you exploding ball? Do you mean you Bill P wine? So there you go! Leave it on to the kittens to come all day in one. That's事情 where it's charged at! hustling down my bad cross away in the last 7 hours on the one that's now at 물chag Arg days now. Oh, yes, thank god for start with us. I was going to lie about this guy and someone who was like, okay, hysteria movies come up. Anyway, the movie I was trying to think of before a kiss before dying, the original with Robert Wagner and the sequel with the mediocre maddening maddening. That's the maddening. Like I said, mediocre. Anyway, I got somebody for the beautiful category. And if there's anybody who can dispute this, I don't care how much it's going to hurt your machoness, okay. And what got me thinking about this, I was thinking about black guys. Who are really homophobic and I mean, they're just that macho thing almost as much as Julios. And I thought black guys, I can come up with a perfect guy for beautiful. And that's the guy that plays Malcolm on a young and a horny. Do we know what his name is by the way, which is so beautiful. He's also a model on the side, run his back or run his spectrum or something. Do we know what his name is? Malcolm. Yeah, used to. No, we're used to. Now he's beautiful. I mean, I've heard of the million. But anybody debate that is that a debatable point, the most macho guy in the universe, even John Wayne, if he could be here today, who's middle name was a gladist or whatever. Hello, what even John Wayne would say, yeah, that's a beautiful guy. He would say that Marion, wasn't that his name? Marion, the first name. Marion, Jean, that's kind of like, John, what is it? Jose Maria. It's an Anglo-American, Jose Maria. Marion, the Sally Wayne. How come another be say next? Am I missing something? There's not any of them. Well, here's a mobile in Peverke Pines, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. The word is a handsome. No, I think. No, I think. Yeah. Anytime, I think anytime that you delve into the words of beautiful or pretty or a trap to be than this pushing it, I think. A little bit is, I think it should be him. A trap to be pushing it? Well, it's borderline, like a trap to like I'm attracted to that person because, you know, I'm coming out of the closet. No, that's not what it means. No, a attractive just means pleasantly. A attractive doesn't even mean all like great, you know. It's an easy point. You're not leaving. Time to find. Usually attractive, you would say that's that black thing, if somebody gave you a meal and I said, well, how did you like it? He said, well, it was different. You know, that would be way of saying it's suck, but a polite way. So attractive is like not very good, you know? So if you're talking super masculine and you're worried about coming out of the closet or letting you know, but Malcolm, I'm a young and a whoreny who's like a body builder and I mean, muscle, bowed and hung like a giraffe from what they tell me, I mean, this guy, you couldn't possibly consider him being, I guess you could. He's attractive if you get into terms of beautiful. You're talking, you're talking, you're talking, you're talking as a female form. You are. How come, how come if I say a woman is beautiful? I'm not talking like a straight guy. Hey, maybe you are like the women too. Okay, pal, have a great day. You're really pushing the down man. You're really delirious. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You see, he backed himself into a corner just like Joe did only just snap out of it immediately when I was written to tell that story. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on a mobile one line. I feel like I'm in agrofault today. I got the whole world over a barrel. Well, I'm making a big comeback, you know? What am I doing? That's so good. Is that coach you tend that I'm taking as that what it is and all other good stuff I'm taking? That might be it. Am I losing any weight? No. Here's that in sure. Hello. I have got three selections for you. Sand Michael Benson. Red Michael's from poison. And I've got two guys from Millie Viddilly. Yeah. First of all, Jan Michael Benson was never beautiful. He was like rugged looking, right? Huh? He was handsome. But he wouldn't say he was beautiful. Beautiful is like a step away from pretty. I don't want to say pretty because pretty boy. You know what? Pretty boy. What that kind of notes. Don't you know what? Pretty boy. 560. 560. But they sure could sing. Could name Millie Viddilly? No. 560. 560. Tom 560 on a mobile one line. See, I never really thought about this that much until Joe came up here and opened up a Malta Matins to become it. But I don't know. John Stamos. Blacky? No. Not beautiful. Hot. Here's Miami. Hello. I do a new. Okay, sir. Pretty good. You know what? And you're holding a bait. A good looking guy. Good looking girls. A good looking girl. That's right. And there's no nothing wrong with our man and man to make it or want to make it to whatever. Hey, when you're good looking everybody knows it. And everybody's jealous too. Yeah, that's too. Guy goes in with singles bar and see some hot numbers singing there at the city near the bar and she's two or a seat down. Is the guy that looks 100 times better. He's thinking about my own. He's thinking of myself. God damn it. Look at that guy. I got no shot. Right, exactly. Well, let me tell you real quick. Just 10 years of massive accident on Palm Metal. A 36 road work on a hundred and second and eight tree southwest. And and you know, I feel bad every time I hear in the news that a good cop gets hurt or whatever. But that must be like a 2% of the police population because they got three porters. Yeah. Heading on a hundred and second and eight tree. Getting there while there are this construction works going around. Yeah. And they got a car. There's a white truck. No, no sign of John had anything blocking the left turnling. I've get behind it. I noticed it got his blinkers on. I go around it. You would have sworn that I killed the family of nineteen like homeless people. I mean, they just want ballistic. Yeah, I thought they were going for shooting at me. Really? Yeah. Go. You idiot. More on. It was unbelievable. Yeah. And I, you know, I really got to stop. I lowered my window. Why are you screaming? I mean, there's nothing here to indicate that I can't make a left. Shut up. Of course you need. Go straight. I mean hysterical. hysterical. If they would take that much energy into over. Maybe we don't have to have Miami number five on the list. They would probably not. First of all, you don't need three guys. I think you know what it was. I interrupted their story. They were within their talking. And if you take that energy and you put those guys into overtime, liberty city, little Haiti. Yeah. I'd like to see how tough they are there. First of all, they're not that tough. They're never there. And it's just unbelievable. Unbelievable. Okay. Don't do it again. Okay. 560, 560, pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Tamara. Hello. What? Yes sir. Yeah. I was wondering what's up with that. Where is station? Do you believe that? Do I believe what? Desperate is the word you're looking for. Sir. Desperate. Yes sir. How to turn off the public and run easy lesson. They know how to do it. Yep. What's the only thing that I got? What do you think about the NBA coverage? 560, 505, 60, pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. You know how you doing? Great. I'm a first time calling Julio. I just wanted to say that. You want to show him what he's going. But that being said, yes. I think a man could admire a beautiful looking man as much as he could admire a beautiful looking woman. Right. I don't have a problem. So, if you're in America, they think that if you admit that you're admitting that you have a loss, you can look at something and say that it's beautiful. Let me know you want to have sex with it. Well, I'll tell you what. What's even better than that? Can see a tree that looks beautiful doesn't mean why to go up to it and hump it. That's necessarily. Absolutely. But it's always a good excuse when I have an opportunity to look at a good looking man and I'm with my wife. That way she doesn't give me a hard time when I look at all the good looking women. Right. Well, I have to do that. Well, I'll try next time. Say, boy, look at that guy. Isn't he beautiful? Exactly. Good looking in your numeric. Okay. Hey, look at that one call after the board and it's a traffic report and that's it. Boy, that's good. I wanted to get a lot of music here. I wanted to get on today. You know, something I shouldn't be eating this. Because I'm telling you, I was borderline already. Why? I'm on the edge. I'm right on the edge. I am so close to a... Oh. I mean, this is very good. Thank you, Brad, over at Tony's. Shouldn't be doing this. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a traffic report, mobile in Miami. Hello. I got more than a traffic report. But this is like a parking lot here by the 86. Yeah. By the airport? Yes, sir. I'd be like 45 minutes in. And I still don't see the end of it. Oh, great. I know. This has got something to do with a parmato thing. But man. I've seen like Tony airplanes, actually, we take off already. Listen, I got the definition of the difference. It's in beautiful and heavy. Okay. I'm going to make it all simple for you. Yes, sir. If you take it guy, I mean, and you can actually, you put a wig on it and a lipstick. And it looks like a woman. That's a beautiful or pretty guy. No. Yeah. And handsome guys, even if you could a wig on it, lipstick is still looking like a guy. That's the hamster. I think you're wicking out. Okay. Good luck, pal. You're needed. Okay. He's wicking out. I can't imagine putting a wig on Malcolm. Can you? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60, animal, and animal in line. See, most of the guys that I've seen in my life that I would say were beautiful. I'd like not celebrities. Even in other words, you know, I don't know the name. I would like to know the name, but I don't know the name. You know, they're initials sometimes. Sometimes they know when they're initials, right? So you want to start engine into that territory now. You're the one that always says to me, you chase them away. All over the years, you've always said that you chase them away. I'm minding my own business. I'm not opening up my mouth and trying to get anybody all panicky. It was real friendly in there this morning, laughing in my material when I was, yuckin' up with default. He knows who it is. Believe me. You don't really don't hang out with him. What? Well, I'm going to be hanging it out a lot right there on the window. I'm going to be like that. Right up there. That's right. You're just a little subtle hint. Yeah. That's right. Why don't I? You're in here drooling with Shannon the other day getting her bending down on a floor here, bending over for all kinds of stuff. Oh, hey Shannon, you see that stuff? Wait down there on the bottom shelf. Let's get that all straightened up. You know, there's nothing to back in the back. Yeah, way in the bottom in the back. That's right. God, talk about doing deep knee bends. So I'll be hanging out over there a lot more. I need to go bond with my good friends then at worst team in the morning. Check out what's going on in that other control room. I asked our program director this morning. I said, who hired the intern? He ran out of here like a bad out of health. He flew out of here. I guess he was anxious to go back and bond with his new desk. 1255 at 560 WQAM. Let me keep you at him. My family is always there. It's the world that's the world. Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word. Fuck. Out of all of the English words that begin with a letter half. It's the only word that is referred to as the F word. It's the one magical word. Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate, and love. As most words in the English language is derived from German, the word flicking which means to strike. In English, fuck falls into many grammatical categories. As a transit of verb, for instance, John, fuck, surely. It's meanings not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the fucking work. As part of an adverb, surely talks to fucking much. As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, surely is fucking beautiful. As a noun, I don't give a fuck. As part of a word, absolutely, for in the fucking incredible. And as almost every word in a sentence, the fucking fuckers. As you must realize there aren't too many words with the versatility of fuck. As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got the fuck to be used, Carlotta. This may, off fuck it. Trouble. I guess I'm really fuck now. Aggression. Don't fuck with me, buddy. This missile. Why don't you go outside and play hide and go fuck yourself? I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly. Fuck you. Okay, one of clockers, actually, right on the nose at 560 WQN, the Hank Goldberg Show from Schuels Day 2, coming up at 2 o'clock. Here's an interesting fact. It says, sorry, Neil. I was the guy who sent you the facts and said you were stupid and brought up military time. I wanted to apologize for the personal insult. Living in this state must be taking its toll on me. I must need a 12-step program for assholes. Florida sucks and so did the panthers for raising the ticket prices. Sorry again, he says. This was one of the guys that was sitting out there laughing at us and just amazing how stupid we were. Stupid. How do you like that, huh? And then all of a sudden the NASA scientist came in and everybody else with a brain was saying exactly the same thing about that Millennium thing. It's dark, but I was so clean. Yeah, until we got those facts is. And realize what a brilliant guy he was. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, him. Schumar. Oh, this is Schuann, but that's close. But you're a little bit off. Schumar more. That's the correct name for the Gactu that plays Malcolm on the young in the morning and believe me, he is beautiful. I don't care whether you were a fag. I don't care whether you were a number. You're a one or a number six on a record scale. I don't care whether you were a number. You're what number you are, okay? Beautiful. Am I right? Even Georgia agrees. Who's about his. It's not a word that usually comes to mind with us, but there's nothing wrong with it. What do you mean with us? What about a great paper? I didn't say it to word that necessarily comes to mind. I said, but it's possible you can say that. It's accurate. It is accurate. That's right. Even though you being in this country as long as you've been most of your life, you're hung up about it and you don't want to say it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, on the AT&T. While it's time we got 65,000 open lines here and one hour to go. We're going to make it till two today. Is there a Chinaman's chance in health? No. We're going to make it till two o'clock. What is that ask crowd? I'm going to come back. I came in with an ass these sore throat a little bit of a head cold this morning for the first time in a long time. Although my mother of course I followed the teller I'm not coming for lunch tomorrow and she's got to always come back with us. Our cash to come back. Right sweetheart. Always come back with a real sarcastic comment. Even though I said it were a nice check for Mother's Day. I mean a nice big bad check that she wasn't expecting. Maybe you're right around too much. I'll or usually the word is schmory around. Anybody out there know what that word is? Oh, nice you. This word which I think she made up. Schmory around. As in stay in the house. Lot the doors and don't ever go out outside again. As opposed to G. I hope you're feeling better. Take some chicken soup and I'll see you next week. As opposed to just that there's always got to be the obligatory shot. You know what I'm saying? I'm talking about my noji noji noji noji. There's always got to be that obligatory crap to make me feel like I'm some kind of a useless piece of turd. And I hope you enjoy the check. Here's the lady in candle. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. We enjoy your show and my son has a car. He likes to say. He's a little in the book. All right. Okay, thank you. Oh, that was beautiful. What's over the kids right there? Did we have an option in the basket school? 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I want to find out from the people in this audience. If there are mothers noji and nag them as much as my mother does. If they're perpetually constantly noging and nagging, you never know what you do to do the right thing. If you're always you know I'm talking about. George knows what I'm talking about, but he don't want to admit it because you don't want to talk about his mother. And I can't say that, please. But talk away. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Long time first time. I'm going to make it live in the Fort Lauderdale. And yeah. Thank you. I want to, you want to just one thing about the cops down here. Now go ahead. I think majority of the cops that's out here were the type of kids that high school. They all got picked on. They all got beat up on. And now they want to turn it around and take out their frustrations on the rest of us. Exactly. I think majority of the cops is there's no true cops out here anymore. Just a few. Just a long day. Listen to this show. Okay. Is that it? That's it. I guess that was it. Okay. Probably just got a ticket. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. We got a hundred different things cooking percolating on the stove here today. Is this audio to any of them? No. Are they in anything? No. Oh, well, it's Monday. You can understand. I'm sick of freaking Mondays. Okay. I almost said the whole of the FU word right there. I almost did. And you know something I wouldn't have dumped it either because it was in a moment of emotion and passion. Do you believe that? No. Not sounds good though. Tardis crappy goddamn Mondays. I'm tired of coming back to town on a plane on a Sunday evening and looking outside that window and seeing the light to the city and realizing that city is here. And knowing that I'm going to be walking through that goddamn jetway into a sweltering human sweat box known as Miami. And then sitting here on a Monday morning doing my goddamn best to do my duty. Soar throat and all. Soar throat and cold. You want a medal or something is that it? Sure. Goddamn right. I want a medal. What's today today? By the way, 17th let's see. We can leave it 24, 20 week from tomorrow's payday. Like I said, let's keep moving along. 560, 560. By the way, every guy that calls it your full of crats, you know, that's what they said. Why? He heard the one guy say Hanson. Oh, he's been listening. Like I said, they didn't all say you. But they will. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, good day. Yes sir. Good thing is real quick. The FU car that you just played is one of the greatest George Carlin bits ever. And George Carlin did that originally. Right. 100 years ago. Did you check out Michael Russo's column, Yes, say about the creases and hockey. Oh, yeah, you know, he's quoting Brian Murray on this whole thing like Brian Murray's a genius. Brian Murray was one of the guys that helped to put this thing in the first place. And he says they should melt the ice and play with an ore. I'm going to tell you something Michael Russo is such a, you know, I don't know how he's got time to even talk to Brian Murray because he doesn't miss a feeding. You notice how he's another one. He's ballooning up like a cow. Oh, he's just going to say why would he put his picture in a paper? He looks like he's on helium. He is. They stuck a bicycle pump up his rectum. Back to Toronto. Yes. Thought you later. Okay. What did you say? What does this man talking about? Do you have any idea? No. 560. There are words. I'm hearing words. I'm having a little bit of a difficult time putting him together in a coherent cohesive sentence. The other state that I'm talking about. So let's get back to the year 2000 thing. Oh, all these people on Friday are, and not just not just arguing or debating like for fun, but they were pissed off. Pist off. They were adamant. They were militant about it. And you wonder why people in America blow each other's brains out or silly. Another way to baseball bet over a goddamn parking spot. Angry. Just like somebody said, weren't you the one that was telling me about the kids that come here to exchange students? Yes. And they see all the material things that American kids have got and how easy their lives are. By comparison with most of the rest of the world. And they always ask, what the hell are all these kids so angry about? What are you American so angry about? Beecher, hello to me. Why can't they all be calm? Cool and collect it like me, God damn it. I'm not angry. Here's cruel spring, hello. Yes, sir. A couple things. I'm the, uh, then go to call their wants to wild. I'm the guy that we ate 610 pounds back in July. Yeah. And I just hit 390. Great. But I listen to you. We're going to talk about food. I just reverse it, you know. It keeps me away from it. You know, beautiful. First of all, um, I have three boys. And that's all I do is tell them how beautiful they are. Mm-hmm. And in my son, I'll say, no, I'm handsome. I said no, you're beautiful. Well, how old is he 40? Yeah, at least 15. I got 15, 12 and 6 and the 6. 20 is the 6 year old. He's the one who sent down. I'm not beautiful. I'm handsome. Yeah. But you know, you were talking about robbing. I mean, don't, don't most parents think their kids are beautiful. I don't think they are. That's right with that. Uh-huh. It takes a better man to say somebody's beautiful than, uh, but you know, you were talking about robbing Wagner. Yes. And you know, there's still shot, they're doing actors when it first come up. But everything. Right. Because I watched a lot of the old black and white movies, you know, robbing Wagner was beautiful. He was robbing. Mitch and work when he first came out was beautiful. You know, they had these pictures of them and everything. The robber Wagner wanted the first things he started with Rita Hayward. If I can't think of it, title of it. But he was the soldier and she had lost their legs or could muser legs, lost use for like she was playing a singer. And I was one of the first movies you came out. And that movie he was, I mean, you could say I'll be. Hopefully it wasn't that movie. Yeah. He was beautiful. Yeah. And the mother of things, but I was just alone. 46 years old, like three kids won't leave me alone. I'm so glad I'm not the only one. You know, you know, you're going to get the house. I'm going to get the house. I'm going to get the house. I can't take this crap. Yeah. What do you do? I can't take this crap. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. The bottom line to it is, he's smart. We're dumb. You understand, that's a mother's attitude. She's smart. Everything she does is smart. Whatever we do, we're dumb. Doesn't matter what it is. That's right. You know, okay. I have a good day, pal. And back to you. There you go. There's a guy that made some sense. I can relate to what I'm talking about. The rest of them are like, yeah, little like that. The two busy playing with her, Tiki. Yeah. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the 18th, he wireless line. You see me on the hallway tomorrow at about the quarter to ten. Standing with my face up against the glass. You can't get on my Tiki. Wink you low the reason why not. Anyway, and maybe beautiful. I something to do with that. See, that's bad. You got me going to this whole thing on a year now. Yes, you did. That's not blame me. That's a good excuse. Okay. I want to bang you in the butt, honey. Tonight on the Triple X V, peagen big rock smolder tries to convince people to go straight to a through the back. Come on, you know, you know we made a vow to explore everything. You're last but electful, Rachel, let me hand past an anchor to a tree in the middle of nowhere for seven hours. That was an accident. I got this track. The chasing through the woods to catch that deer because you wanted to see what it's so life's does not tell as the track gets just set. Oh, give me a break. Can we freeway or not? I'll bet you, you know, would love to explore your third image. Well, okay. But the morning you have to put a plastic bag over your head. It's over. That's nice. On channel 69, the Triple X V. Seeing on that channel, by the way, here's the fact that it says, perhaps that bald egotistical, pike, maddie, leshing wood like somebody to butcher his family and gut them. Then we could take the person I did it and put them on whammy and act as if it's all fun and games. And yes, it says, my mother was a huge, post-build, rotting, stinking, infected pain in the ass, nag nag nag, it goes on and on. What's for my brother? You must be, yeah. Nag, nudgy, nag no matter what you do. Why couldn't you do this? Maybe you run around too much. Maybe you're too much smoring around. Whatever that'll happen. That's what she made it up. See, I know, seriously, a lot of times I'll use words that I think are yiddish and people say, huh, was because my family, they're very creative. They just used to make a lot of words up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. I'll tell you another guy that was beautiful. Dead, he's dead now for many, many years. Brandon DuWilder. Oh, don't tell me you don't know who that was. I know he was, he was in the movie all fall down with Warren Bady. The one I used to talk about all the time with Carl Maldon with the Big Nose and Warren Bady. I just can't picture him. I'm sure I am. Brandon DuWilder. He was beautiful. And he was also when that movie was with John Wayne that cowboy movie, the year with an S. I can never think of the name of that movie. Shane. Shane. The little kid. Well, he was a little kid, Danny. I have a little kid. He's not a good actor. Okay, yeah, Shane with Alan Ladd. Alan Ladd. There you go. And the sequel was called Part Shane. Five, six, seven, over see you don't even know what that means in your life. No. You don't have the money. The other year this word means I'm on theest better language. Five, six, seven, over five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Davey. Hello. I know how you're doing. Okay. Does your mom have the habit of saying what you did 20 years ago? No. My mother is a pain in the ass. Yeah. The minute she calls. She brings up stuff that I brought up 20 years ago. Yeah. No, my mother usually repeats over and over again what she told me 20 minutes ago. Next one is it. Just peep. That's over and over again. That's just this bad. And you know who was gorgeous when he was young? Yeah. Charlton has been. Okay. Okay. Thank you for ruining the show. Okay. Oh, my God. You son of a bitch. Okay. One call left out of board. That's it. I guess I can go home now. Did my job for him? Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. New Roger's Viggs recalls on five sixty W Q A M. Wait till the hammer comes out of to a clock. It knows heat call start coming in. Oh, my God. What are we going to do? You'll see. One thing about this station man. There's no shortage of those calls from the same idiots. Those same lifeless nerds. A very young floor to get her team. You know the ones I'm talking about. That's all they know. They live at the sleep at the brides. And they haven't got any idea what they're talking about. That's the best part. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Since we all voted on talking about religion, I was going to bring up something. I'm a Catholic cracker. I'm 23 years old. I went through a Catholic school kindergarten to 12 grade. And the only good thing about it was an altar boy in middle school. And he only good thinking about it was, we used to work funerals that the parish I was at. There would be like five or six tests a week. And we get silver dollars from the funeral directors. That was the only cool thing that came about all the way. And I just like to say the one thing I'm going to die if we're at Warner gets a cup. Take it easy. He's playing good. He's playing real good. Red Warner there. He wasn't good enough for us. All these other guys that are playing good. Marty Strocker, Red Warner. Not good enough for the Panther organization station. Will he? Just come down. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. If this was any kind of a town when Joe Costello just as a side as a throwaway when we got involved in that conversation about beautiful looking men. There should have been at least women should have been calling it on the show with a list as long as your guy damn. That's right, arm. But not in this town. I'm going to tell you one thing, you know something you become, you become like the town. When you live here long enough you become exactly like what the town is. I reach the point now where I become like are almost a recluse. You know what I'm saying? Even I go on these trips on a weekend. I see people that I recognize. I don't even speak to them because I'm like, I don't know what it is. My growth has been studied at the very advanced age. Not that I was ever some bubbly effervescent outgoing person. That is my personality off the year. But I was never like like a recluse. But now it's like I feel, you know, I feel like I'm Miami. I live that I'd breathe it. It did my pores. I can smell it. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hey, Brandon Dwell was also in David and Lisa. Was that his most famous movie? He wasn't in that movie that was cured delay. Or it was? Yes. Oh, you know, if my mother said that and I told her she was wrong, she would say, well, I'm just stupid. What can I do? Yeah. Exactly. God bless you, sir. And good luck to you. You'll need it. What is it with mothers? What is it with our mothers? They mean well, see, we always have to say that it's not like a disclaimer. They mean, well, your mother does not mean she's an evil rotten bitch. Okay. But in my case, my mother thinks she means well. Let's put it that way. She thinks she means well. But it may time nag and noji and noji and noji and never never let up for a second. Did you see that nice platter? I put in the house? No. You don't even know what's going on in your house? I'm be honest with you. I didn't know there was all that much going on in my house to be very up front about it. But she's got all kinds of stuff that's going on there. But I have no idea it's going on. But she knows. Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach, shallow. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Beautiful man. I got a few things for you. Beautiful man. It's a memory actor from the 50s Jeffrey Chandler. Yes. I thought he was a very good guy. He was a good guy. Yeah. And also, did you see 60 minutes last night? No. Because they had Sean Connery and they showed him as a young man and he was, I would say quite commonly also. Probably. I'll tell you who was an outstanding look in man when he was young, which most people here probably never saw as William Holden. I only think of him as he like a craggy face mentally. Right. Exactly like a network. But I saw maybe a couple of years ago. I saw some old black and white movie from the early 40s that he was in. I even mentioned my mother speaking to mothers. I said, but that William Holden was a good looking guy when he was young. She said, oh, yeah. You stand a question. And he was something. Yeah. He was. And, uh, lost you away. Not this weekend. But the weekend before in the Sunday paper. They did. They had an article. And I sure kept it. But I didn't. But they had an article about a scientist who is reconciling. Uh, who was making attempt to reconcile the. Evolutionists and the Bible. Oh, yeah. They didn't even do that forever. And they make up his ego along. And they had to all, uh, they had to all. Look, he can't have it both ways. If the Bible says that God created the universe and the earth and the day and the night and the sun and the moon and the stars and then he created Adam and then he decided he needed the woman and he took his liberty. He, uh, you can't, you can't fill in the blank. That's it. That's the name of the game. He invented man first. You can't have a prequel to that. Okay. They're trying to stick in their own prequel is what they're doing. I mean, it was so absurd. I mean, and this and the guy, you know, and all these jackasses that keep quoting from this ridiculous book. All you got to do is read that first couple of paragraphs. There were Genesis. And you realize that some idiotic men wrote this crap. And you throw it in a waste mask. You were belong to put it in the trash. Exactly. Not even a good novel. And another another newspaper headline that struck me was when they, when they wrote, uh, did a, uh, the story about that, for a woman that was dragged to her death up in Del Rey at the Delricate us in there. The, the, the headline banner over the article read, Profoot ball dream squash. Yeah. Like, like, you know, we're, he's not ashamed. Isn't that ashamed? Yeah. We're talking about that. And we said, you know, what do you do with these kids, you know, that the mother of these, of these, of these boys, God man, scumbags, right. You know, my life that she said put him to sleep. Mm-hmm. And finally, the last thing I have for you is, isn't yet, uh, jubonic. Okay. So I guess I'm five, six, seven, five, six, the pound, five, six, the on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady mobile in the gable. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Oh, Neil. Yes, I am. I want you to know that I started listening to you after my 84 year old aunt told me, you're the only person in Miami that makes people think. And isn't a shame that it's a lost arch. Yeah. And I thought that was a lovely quote for you. Well, of course, in Miami, you can't lose it if you never had it. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That isn't yet a crime that people don't. The other thing, the most beautiful men, I, my vote, definitely goes to Tyrone Power. He was pretty. I think he was by far in one of the hands on this hands and this men. And he and the early Roger Moore was another one. Well, if you like those brits. But Tyrone, I think, has my vote. Okay. Again, keep up the good work. Okay. We women are out there. God bless you. I do. See. Five, six, seven. I got such a headache. Is it from the coders? It from the, maybe from the show today? That could be. I think it's from the show. I think it's from when Joe Costello walked in here and started talking about how can you try to put that auto racing crap. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, how that show go by the way. Would they learn how to set her day? Big one, huh? Big big show set her day. The phone. They weren't begging for calls on that show. Man, the phones ring off the six o'clock on a Saturday morning. Those phones are smoking. Smoking. With the bunch of red necks. That's right. They got one figure they're nose. They got one figure in their rectum. Both at the same time, which takes you. You have to be pretty coordinated. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Neo. Yes, sir. I was in Toronto this weekend. Yes. I flew over on the air Canada flight with you on Friday. You did? Yes. But you were towards the front and I was a last sea last row. Or you were away in the back? Wait in the back. You were in coach. I was in coach. Like Robby Needemar and the key tailor. Exactly. But still pretty good service with air Canada. I didn't say hello. I did say hello. You were in coach. Oh, that's right. When you came to the Royal God bless you, sir. There you go. I got to admit something because I'm sure this guy doesn't listen to my show. There is a guy who's always in first class who lives in Toronto. He works here in Miami. Okay. No, he was not in notice. He was sitting behind me coming back last night with some older guy. And I say, guy like you know what I'm saying. And they just have to be seeing together. And I heard the whole life story is I was sitting there. This kid is on his flight every weekend. I mean, no matter when you were in the flight that you took going over. Yes. We ended up in 2013. On Friday night, he takes that flight going over and the one coming back 9.14. So that everybody. And I've seen him about a half a dozen times. At least, I think one time I said next to him. And I don't know after the Miami thing in me. He's a real nice guy. He's from Toronto. He's a good one again. On guy. Not that I'm looking to hit on him or anything. although it's a good idea. And I don't know anything about it. But I heard it. It's terrible. The weather was the most beautiful weather that they stood. The most beautiful man was having up there. And we had to get ready to that game. have an up and down the streets, honking her horns and yelling and screaming and go leave school, it was great. We went to a grepki's restaurant to watch the game. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty nice place. You know, a little touristy, but they have a patio upstairs. It's absolutely perfect. Right. That's the place to be. Did you see coaches corner with Don Sherry at the end where he says, are I my greater one? No, we went to New Yorkville. We went to Yorkville and sat out in some bars afterwards. Right. Great night. Got a little bit cool on Saturday night. Okay. That's a year. You're out there. That's one thing when I tell you don't eat the food on her candid. Well, I ate some this morning until I. Okay. Can I call Matt some name a douchebag? Zagazone. He just wheat. Okay. Bye. Don't be knock in the sweet. Okay. Everybody else is doing their thing. Now it's burrism. You just like the regular year. We've just split it up, move it around. You know, all these kids Lonnie Bahanes, they're doing it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the ATT wireless line. Maybe if I listened less and talk more. Bigger than mine. Hey believe what I've seen. I just want to take a leave. Got to take out. Bigger than mine. I can take you. No. Workwork? No. No. Why is going for good get close to the wall? I remember the big fun. When he whipped it out from the hundreds of rich people, put more trousers round. In order to grab my hand, I got to get a freezer. Now I know why my wife said I can never flee her. I think he's really proud. I look he was so enduged. I had to look away. I said that he's really proud. I have to look away. I'll be so good. All look at the 70 semi-uts. Jim Gordon on the range is Toronto playoff over 10 and the early 60s. Who's this from? Somebody at Westwood 1 and it doesn't say who? Doesn't that drive you nuts? It says David and I have no idea David who I think that's his David. David Jim Gordon, remember we were doing that thing on his David. David, how old is? All it is from David. How best they have himself? Where the hell did this come from? From Westwood 1 and New York. David, how best they have a great book about New York sports castes. Since we had David Jim Gordon doing the Rangers Leeds Game back in the 60s. Thank you so much. Good guy. Got screwed over by the heat. There you go. God getting even. God getting even with Pat Raleigh and the heat organization for what they did they have held or stand. You can take part in the blame Mike Mayo. You jackass. By the way, you know what they put on their fries and ends today? Here's a mobile and Western hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, a lot of time. Listen, I should have. I think if I remember I called you the last time about 20 years ago when you were at W. Snurs. Yes sir? Is that where you were then? I was there. You were doing shows with the rabbis and stuff like that you remember. Oh yes. I'm sorry my time. Actually when I called you the one time I called you I was actually giving you a hard time because I was really into this heavy trip about saying that anti-Semitism is really doesn't exist and some of the nonsense I was into it my much younger time. But actually I want to thank John and the call with my son who was out college but when every time Benny always gets his major dose of the deal whatever he comes in. God bless him. You are you are you and that you're sitting in the front. God bless him to the airport. But I wanted to say that I want to thank you because in a way I've become really comfortable being the Jew even though I am not religious boy. If that matter matter is my son. But we really identify strongly as Jews and I think part of the influence for that was for you because your guy who doesn't believe in God. Yeah, I saw a show in Toronto. I was watching Kills and Time yesterday before the plane. I saw a show on TV and they were talking about secular Judaism about people that don't believe the religious part. But and of course I look at his Qulinary Judaism people that enjoyed Delhi but don't believe the bullpress. You know. One another is a knopped out for everybody. Nothing like good kishki. Who the hell said that there is one way of being cursed. So we want to thank you for that because we are finding our own way of doing it and it really feels good. But keep on the good work and maybe another 20 years I'll give you another call. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 , 5, 6, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6. Can you imagine? 3, 9, 6, 5, 6. 3, 5, 6, 6, , 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, on the AT&T Wirушje, 1, 6, 7, 6, 7, 7, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 7, i, 8, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, on T, TT, wheel as flying. larkers said, if you dark guys out there, but all looked like male-come, and young and ho Они. then we could all get long man. 11 minutes and 49 seconds later when they're gone and are done too. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, I just like to come in on a nice looking guy thing. I think Jeff the forest was pretty nice looking. Yeah. Until he got the way they'd been repound. Okay. That's probably the same guy that started this morning. Okay. The first call went at the phony baloney about his parents sold him a parter during a parter or some bull crap. What a bit hell I was. You got something to say about people. Call him up yourself and tell him right through his fat face. Okay. You spimeless, gutless piece of puke. You backstabbing, scumbag. Everybody in this town man. Backstabbers. Backstabbers. You got something to say to their face. Just like deeper with that thing about that facts. If you wanted the facts wide into coming in and ask for it. So okay. When I talked about it right on the air, right to your post. Instead of going on a year trying to stir a bunch of contrap because he know that he knew that he were going to take the pipe and that they were going to be left without anything. So now the only thing they got to fall back on, you know what it is. That's right. Can tribe controversy. Look what it did for Mr. Eagle. Look where landed him. On a station without any callers. On a station that not only doesn't show up in ratings, but nobody even knows where to find it. 567. 0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Kendall. Yes sir. Hey, you know what I've always been a very good looking man. I always thought I was quite a little fan of the man on the face of plan. Who are you? Arrow Flynn. Oh, he was also a swachbucker. End of doing. My air stand. Yeah, I don't understand. Well, I don't know how to say. I don't think you say that either one of those guys were beautiful. They were like, you know, you know, I'm sorry. You're a manly, for manly good looking man. Manly good looking. Arrow Flynn was manly. Oh, boy. Oh, I'm sorry. Swachbucker. All right. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Next to be telling me that Montgomery Cliff was a good manly. 567. 0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's the Darrell. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'm holding it. Take your time. We got all the time. Maybe run all the way from the get to good. Hey, Neoc. I heard on the news. I check it on. Yeah. And you knew the during the break that we didn't go. Oh, Jay is going to be on whammy. That's not news. That's a spot. They're buying a spot. We put that on news. We would promote it here. They're buying a spot to promote that crat that embarrassment. I would like to know who would actually give a rat that's all that. Yeah. Exactly. I mean, it's incredible. I mean, three years old and gone by and who cares. Right. And we don't ever want to see the pieces come again. That's the point. And they're going to bring them back because they're so desperate. Yeah. No. No. I don't. I may sweep now. They're trying desperately to pump up the ratings, especially now that the heat took it up the air. Yeah. Listen, I learned one thing from you. I'm not a mindless slamming. You know, I used to watch as far as the news. You know, it try to be updated up to date in the new latest information. I live much better without watching the news. I may be a little bit ignorant, but I'm not much happier. When the state of the world today, your bag number is bliss. And let me tell you, I'll probably the only guy on the face of the earth that didn't watch more than maybe I've watched it by watch one minute of that Columbine high school killing. That was a lot. I refused to be sucked into it. Yeah. And I didn't watch it. And you know what? Nothing. It didn't affect my life one bit. And I didn't feel all that negativity in the depression, which I couldn't control anyway. I feel much better. Okay. Well, let's not say how to that ostrich right next to you. Okay. 560 560, 560 on the 18 and T. Wireless line. He said, barrier head in the sand because that's the American fucking way. That's what he said. Just stick it in there real deep and don't pull it out in your head too. Here's a mobile in my any. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Has anybody mentioned young Elvis president as a beautiful man? No. All right. Yes, there's another probably thought. So they used to sleep together. Do you know Elvis and Gladys? He was 25. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18 and T. Wireless line. Here's a one Three. Yeah. No. No. Who wants to? Who wants to know? Who wants to know? Who wants to know? Who wants to know? Who wants to know? Who wants to know? I didn't get it. Who do you know? Who do you know? Who do you know? That was to your laughter and that the brown hat of the two songs and you. But, so you that came up. Who's the reason to know what your knees on the ground are. One question for you. But, so you that came up. He's gonna show me his glory andX abilities. He's a beautiful, there we go. Who wants to know? Who wants to know? Who wants to know? Who wants to know? Who wants to know? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? There's a child. Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Why do you ask that type of stuff? They're all the doctors that are tuning in. Not a beautiful man who, not anymore, I'm sure. In the last few years, Vince Ferragamo, remember was the quarterback for Los Angeles Rams. He was beautiful. I said, I feel Henry, what do you have to do with him? He knew him from out of the most coast. And I said, boy, Vince Ferragamo, that was a good looking guy. Are you sure? 145 at 5.50, WQAM. Volca Brian, by the way, who is of course the expert at being rejected. Tells us that when a woman says to a guy that he says that you're beautiful, that's the way of saying, No, no. Yeah, that's what he says. And whatever they're never told me that. And believe me, nobody in New Universe has had said to him more than Boca Brian. Believe me, what I said. No, no, no. That's good luck I said before about somebody's cooking. Somebody cooks you a meal or recommends a restaurant. And they say, well, how did you like it? Well, it was really interesting. Interesting, which means, uh, this is Chosper. Here's a lady mobile in Jupiter, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Great. I've got two. Unfortunately, they're both waiting. They're faces are wasted now, but they were beautiful. Yeah. Richard Cain, Berlin. Yeah. Christopher Walk. Okay. Don't you agree? Richard Cain, Berlin. Chosper, beautiful. Richard Cain, Berlin was pretty. Very. He was pretty as in, like, you know what I mean? Like, uh, like that. Right. Uh-huh. I agree. And I think Christopher Walken was really pretty too, but his face is wasted now. Yeah, from the neck down he was okay. Okay, sweetheart. Have a great day. You too. Time is a bitch. Time just, you know, that's the way God works. Okay. Everybody's got their two or three minutes when they look pretty good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I always thought Booker Brian was really beautiful. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going, sir? Great. Mobile Miami here. You know, he used to be a really good person guy and nobody ever know anything about. Yeah, the guy who played Shult on Hogan Thero. He was a handsome fellow. You got to tell him what? Shult on Hogan Thero. Shult? You know, Shult, see. I hear nothing, guys. Nothing. Oh, yeah, huh, friend. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. He was almost as beautiful as Al Goldstein. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. I don't know the gentleman's name, but I know what the song he sang was. You better work. What was that guy's name? You better work. Yeah. Roof all. Roof all. I mean, that makes sense, doesn't it? No. What? He's a man. And he's a drag queen. No, he's not beautiful at all because he wears a wig that makes him beautiful. He's like, he's like Dennis Rodman, okay? He's airing your home on his worst nightmare is the Roof alls and Dennis Rodman to the world. God. Roof all is beautiful. Man. Yeah, this guy's probably got 80 Murphy's number in his role of X. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady mobile in West Palm Beach, Chilla. Hey, Neil. You kicked so much at the bottom. I know. Right, Tom. Before somebody pulled the rip cord and he blew up to a thousand pounds. Mollon Brando was gorgeous. No. You don't think so? No, he never looked at me. He had that dumb look on his face. You don't talk about, yeah. He went out to cotton and his cheeky. I like the, you know, when you wanted to. What do you want? Yeah, he had an, I just had that real rough edge around him. He was a good looking guy. Well, he wouldn't say he was beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Maybe it was that, maybe it was the last 200 pounds I did it. Probably. Okay. Take your Neil. Yeah. Maybe it was all at the time he spent with Wally Cox that put him over the edge. Could that have been it? Uh-huh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We're learning a lot here today. Are we, we, we, we, learning a lot or, or what? Uh-huh. I'm learning, I should have probably stayed home today. We'd have been a big improvement over this. But not me. I'm a warrior man. I'm just keep showing up and coming back for more and more. Ah, see what I mean? Can barely even function, but like a little tickle in my throat. You know, would be good to see that little tickle in my throat, by the way. It's 11 me 4, 2, 5, 60, WQ, WMF.