Sports Radio 560 W2AM My Amiport Linerdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil called 567-056-823-Naten Rower and form count 560 on your cell call, the opinions of Neil his guest callers or anyone else on the show can necessarily reflect those of WQAM TV read acquisitions for the Feezy broadcast. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA-10 Play off the play off this! Oh! It works the notion in the basket. Oh wow. It works the notion in the basket. It works the notion in the basket. When the iPod falls out, it works the notion in the basket. It works the notion in the basket. I have to get puts the notion in the basket. I have to try to treat my schizuke. I have to put the notion in the basket. I have to put the notion in the basket. Oh wow. I like to pass around this way. Oh, it's not the notion that it's quite a bit too bad. I want to look for like a walker. My name is Papa Lovio. It works the notion in the basket. It makes it more budget. It works the notion in the basket. Oh my PPA. It works the notion in the basket. Oh, much does it go. It works the notion in the basket. I've got my schizuke in the book, and I go, he's. Now, let me get one thing straight. I thought this was the sports part of the microphone. We were supposed to be the sports station. Now, what I'm going to do is see this. If on, because this April 1st, maybe I'm just getting old. Maybe I'm a real sour bad guy. But all this April full stuff to me is like maybe for five-year-old kids. You know? There's a spider on your ass. I'll April full, you know? There's a tarancel across on your rain. It's on April full. You know, that's stuff. Is there anybody in this audience that really believes this crap that just went on here? I'm driving to work this morning. And I'm mainly turning into listen because I want to hear because I did read my newspaper this morning. And the people over there, some of the doctors and the Panther organization, they're all bent out of shape. And of course, we saw last night the final nails in the coffin just a disaster, which I have tons to say about this organization. So I'm listening and you know, Joe is continuing to tell it like it is about the doctor with Terrian and what he meant. What he thinks. Yeah, we don't know. Which I'll straighten that out by the way in a few minutes because there's nothing on I said that even comes close to slander or liable doctor. But just like everybody else in the organization, they just can't handle it. They can't handle the heat. And then I'm listening to this, you know, this thing that comes on, it was so ridiculous on the face of it. And even I'm thinking, you know, is this possibly true? Not that I care. I don't need to give a crap if it often go get a cold in the draft. I don't give a crap. What do I care? And then I come in here this morning. I found out that there's this whole thing that people are out there. They're whole. Everybody's whipped up and we're friends. Let's say we were the news station. And it was the first of April. Okay, just listen to this. Let's say we wanted to pull an April fool on the audience a news station. And we came on here and we said, there is poison in the water supply has been to go. Oh my God. All of us off Florida. And if you've had any tap water in the last, you know, 24 hours, you're going to die. Or they're dropping nuclear weapons on Philadelphia as we speak. The Russians are pissed off about coasts of those. They're dropping nuclear weapons. There are missiles on the way ahead of the orcasters. Just had a volume or something that would really get people psychotic. Do you think we'd have any credibility left? No. No. Now, do you, let me ask you, is it me? Because I got a pretty good sense of humor. I find humor and almost anything. Do you find that this exercise that just went on here for less? Have you find that amusing? No, but I don't care. No, I don't care either. They're just sucking in a bunch of sports types. Who cares about them? Yeah, that's a good point. They deserve it. And this guy, oh, I bet $300 a blood cousin. Yeah. Good. You deserve it, asshole. That'll teach you. Hopefully, anything you hear on his radio station. There you go. Oh, all of them on your craft. I think that's the message. Maybe we got to have a big billboard campaign, which we'll never have that, but that would be a good idea. If you hear it on QAM, you know what's a polycrime. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, there you go. That could be our slogan. Yeah. The Cratch station. Life is a bunch of craftsmen, why don't a lot of us? I just, I don't know whether to laugh or eat a banana, okay? Another April Fool. I can think about what? What did I tell you? Right before the show. What? Is it true? What can you tell me about those? No, actually, what is true. I created Dan Moreno for two bags of sporting equipment, a couple of jocks, drafts, and they partridge in a pair of tree. And Danny Bonne-Doo Spag. How to help me know, when you hear it on your sports station, you're supposed to believe it's true, right? Even as ridiculous as it sounds, you know, I just Richmond Web and Korean Abdul Jibar for a draft pick, which may or may not be this one or Adrian or that one. I mean, just ludicrous, but nevertheless, this is where these sports nerds tune in to get their information. And their people running to their computer, and they're looking at up, and they're betting, and they're calling people all around the country, and they can't find it, and you ought to be out here. April Fool. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. I am just astonished. But anyway, happy, uh, pace off to you. Happy Easter, happy good Friday tomorrow. Or let's add another new one. Boy, now we got to probably already have this one one of four. No, I do not. Okay. Like I said, another new one. Let's get that right on immediately. If not sooner. But anyway, just, uh, I'm just shocked. I'm also, oh, by the way, here's that before we get into the panther stuff and Dr. Retarian and the Cleveland Clinic and all these other experts. Here's today's letter. He are incipit letter to the editor of the day. And of course, it comes from our favorite news, paper that mommy hurled. Oh, the heading, they put Castro's baseball jinx. By the way, thank goodness, we don't have any people or superstitious down here in South Florida. Well, we got all kinds of we got the old Jews that put Moses on the door frame. We got Cubans that buy magnetic bracelets and our, look at the window for the super cover, whatever else. The letter from Angel Swara is in Miami says, poor Baltimore Orioles fans by shaking the Del Castro's bloody hands, odor on her Peter Angelo's received Castro's jinx. The Orioles will never win a world series as long as Mr. Angelo's is the owner and the flitter. There you go, boys and girls. Today's incipit letter to the editor of the day. The Castro jinx, he shook the bearded one's hand and now the Orioles are cursed from now to the end of time. Do you believe it? Good. Getting back to our last night. Do we have to get back to this whole business? This part of our business? See, it's not just a part of our business. It's stuff I've been telling you for a very, very long time for six years now. But I'm a bad guy. Most people don't want to believe me. Before I even get into anything about the organization, let me just tell you this. We get there to the game usual. Time lies that about 615, 620, I walk in and the arena, the inside is almost dark. Very few lights around. I said to the assure, I joke that said, is Wayne cutting back on electricity now. We try to conserve cash. Hey, just laugh. I mean, it was fins to run there. And I look around and there's, you know, maybe three other people in the joint. Now, I will say by the time the game got underway, we got well in the first period that the crowd didn't prove to field in there were maybe a couple thousand NPCs. But at one point it looked like nobody was going to be there. And as I started looking around in my section and the section to my right one 34, I'm looking around and I said, where the hell is everybody I know? There may be there may have been 50 people that are in the last day who are usually where they are. Because when you're going to have a sporting event in sunrise on pace off, Oh, hey, see, it's a matter of priorities. Isn't that pathetic? It's a matter of priorities. Well, what do they schedule a game for anyway on pace off? Because they figured you could have your damn, uh, satire after the game or something. Okay. In fact, it would have been the last supper after that game, believe me. For everybody. I don't get it. I mean, sitting around drinking wine and having lots of is more important than coming and supporting the panthers, even though they stink. Oh, God. I'm sorry. I'm, I want to apologize on behalf of all the Jews who've come to the panther again. I want to apologize to the team that, except for a few of us, nobody else bothered to show up because it was more important to sit around eating cardboard with the butter and salt on it. And dipping their parsley in the salt water. And oozing some horse radish on each other's back to whatever they were doing. I'm sorry. I know people like to sit around with a family and they like to have the Morgan Davis, but come on. At a time when we needed your support, we needed you to be there. And by the way, some of the bozos you gave your tickets to who were standing around in the eyes, looking, standing in front of us while we're trying to watch the game while the game was going on. And people are finally screaming, sit on already. You jackass. Oh. But anyway. Hey, life goes on. You know, maybe life is just a big April Fool. Maybe I'm not even here today. Maybe this is on tape. April Fool. 10. I still can't go. I don't think I'll ever recover from this so whole. And we're on a, uh, we're like only a matter of yards away from that room. Why does that surprise you? It doesn't you right? Because I'm old and I, okay. Who's being naive now? Okay. That's what the queue and a CHK. 5 6 70 5 60, 5 50, 5 60 and a mobile one line. We're going to lots to say today about that whole organization. This whole duct a bit in the, that's it. Push. Puck the bow. Puck the bow. I am me. She is she. She has no idea where to get the. I see, please, no, tell me where to get the. I see the prize. I'm flying. Fitting out of no courage. Puck the bow. Puck the bow. Puck the bow. Maybe somebody's not been taking up a gun. And smatter be the baddest glory. Took my fingers down. I am a breast man. And I'm in the breast man. There's, there's no lies. Look at the floor. We're waiting for my thing to hide and look. Puck the bow. Puck the bow. Puck the bow. Puck the bow. Puck the bow. Puck the bow. Puck the bow. Puck the bow. Puck the bow. I am a breast man. Take off your drive. They all are in the. Look at the floor. Look at the floor. Look at the floor. We've been sexy, sexy, sexy, 12 hours bounce and still, just make the joke up to you. See how they heave like a face of a man's witchcraft decides. There. I'm arriving. Choke is in the rock dance. Checking up a safe for a lie. Let me both approach him. He will be in the direction. I'm a better see if he hears about the body. Freshness of breast men. I am a breast man. I need a ball of brush. Go that to blow up the chest. The blue. Look at the spouts. Look at the blood. The blood. 16 at 5.60 W. QM, they're sports nerds. I guess maybe they deserve what they got this morning. Because the judges get all these calls off here. I think that those idiots deserve it. See, they're not going to listen to what I'm saying. Because God forbid they should listen to the meal laundry show. Even though very often you get the right information from this show as opposed to the other 20 hours of the sports experts. Nobody wanted to believe the thing about Jimmy Johnson and Dave Blonstetner. The way that whole thing went down with Wayne, they don't want to believe that. Just like they didn't want to believe that the day that Burre got injured in the Colorado game, that all over the rest of the NHL, they were reporting he's out for the year. And here we're getting stroked and led down there. Oh, he's going to be fine and bad of me, but I'm hoping all this other stuff. So let me start at the beginning by the way, as far as the Burre situation is concerned. I read my hero this morning in David, Janeal and by the way, David, I was sitting right there with my leaf jacket on and the, I was at the game last night. If anybody would have wanted to talk to me, would have been very easy. I was right there. But nobody came by and asked me for any quotes about this story. A box doctor, Raterian, at the Cleveland Clinic, the Panthers or the Orthopedic Surgeon. See, I'm going to tell you exactly what I said. I said that I heard Joe on the morning show talking a couple of days ago about the fact that you really have to wonder. You see, Gordon Murphy out for so long and Dino with his back, unable to come back and then the burre thing, getting worse and worse. And then they have to sit in the Alabama to the top of ACL guy in the, in the universe to do the surgery. And you start wondering about maybe the quality of the medical care that getting into Cleveland clinics since they are the positions for the Panthers. I agree with that. And then I went into the thing about my own personal experiences there. And I told exactly the way they were. Exactly. One good experience with the asshole doctor there where they brought the whole bunch of guys in with a him or they said fine, just, you know, you'll be okay. And I was. They were great. The other four experiences I've had there, I'm real unhappy with and I'm still unhappy today. In spite of what Dr. Raterian, Raterian, ready buddy, also says, I went to him with my foot. I had the plantar fashion fashion, whatever that thing is, it's a hillspir. Remember that for months. Thanks to the other quack. Wasn't that that clinic, by the way, the quack. The magnets, the asshole doctor, which I'm not going to put his name on here because guess what? I don't slander people on here. Dr. I've been doing this a long time. It didn't mean first day in a business. I love that some of the statements were bordering on libel. Yeah, he's very upset. This has been popular topic for the past two days and W2M is the first team in the meal Roger show. So it says in David J. Sposarical in the Herald this morning. I'm real unhappy with the quality of care. They look in the Schmerer that I got. And Dr. Raterian was very nice to me. Like I said, when I was there, they took a little luxury in my foot. The bone spru was so small that they're even showed up on the x-ray. And he showed me, you know, you stand in front of the wall and you slide your foot. Didn't do me any good, you know. I mean, I slid that foot. I stood in front of the wall and, you know, looking at the wall with my thing in my hand and sliding it and the foot too. Didn't do it anything. And then, months later, it's lovely but surely. Thank God. Thank you. It's a real good. That's the addancing one away, the heel spur. And the other experiences I've had with other doctors or doctor at that place have been very unsatisfactory, which I've been telling you, and I know it'll apologize for that. And it's not slander was it's a fact. It's not even just my opinion. It's a fact. I haven't made up any of the reactions I've had to take into much of the hydrochlorophytes. I've got the blood test results to prove it. I've no reason, you're no, you know, when you go to a doctor, you're not going to look in for a problem. You're going to look at usually the sob a problem. Not looking to create a problem. But it's interesting that the whole response to everything that's being said now is typical. It's part and parcel of the Panther organization. This is the sixth year and one thing I'll say for them, even though we've had a change in faces there, we had, you know, Bobby Clark and we were all the different coaches. Now we got BM and TM, Bill Torrey's been there, you know, the whole while it is both times. Doesn't make it indifferent to the faces are because it's still a hard-ass organization. They don't like the truth. They don't like criticism. Remember last year with a Brian Murray show and a morning guys, and we had to have Christine and more come in there and guilty to hold everybody's hand and screen to call because they can't take any criticism. And then they turn around and they admit they've been lying to the public. That's the best part. They can't figure out why everybody's conjecturing and second guessing about Burray was his knee bed when he got here. Did Dr. Retarian do the right thing? Yeah, he got it. And somebody factions me the article by Greg Stota in a Palm Beach post, which I'm not going to repeat on here because that would be like publishing it again. And I know, well, I know what it's all about, okay? I've been around the block with these things. So I'm not going to read this thing on here. So the thing is, to my ass, for repeating something, which I have no idea where Greg Stota got his information. The headline of which is Burray bot puts the putty on new level. I don't know. And just like I said the other day, I have no idea what condition Pavell Burray's knee was when he got here. Any more than any of you do, by the way. Or the level of competence, I mean, Dr. Retarian by all accounts is outstanding. Great orthopedic surgeon. But as far as what he did with Pavell Buried, why no anything about it? No. So I'm not going to sit here and conjecture. All I'm going to do is tell you my honest opinions that I have doubts about the whole thing, where they help care that maybe some of these guys are getting, or maybe they're just very unlucky this team. But let me say it again, Mr. BM, because you keep sticking your foot in your mouth over and over and over again. And you bet, this is the luckiest organization in the world. I have never seen a bunch of people fall at a such a bucket of crap. After two incredibly lackluster years with thousands of people missing in the stand game after game couldn't give tickets away. And then they got hot for a couple of months that third year. They go to the Stanley Cup finals. Everybody's running around town. We love you, Pan. Yeah, we let you go. Come on, go, let's hear it. Everybody's in a friendship here. Everybody's got the flag slun out the windows. The whole town is up whipped up into a frenzy. It was an exciting great time. Now after being threatened, we're going to lose the team by the way. Guess what? Hey, we found a way to take public money. Guess what? They built the air Canada Center in Toronto. $177 million. Everybody tells me a beautiful facility. I've already seen the outside so far. It is beautiful outside. $177 million was one penny of it. Public money. I'll private money. So Wayne gets himself a $200 million arena up there in sunrise. Great location. Most of the sports fans. And I hate to break the news to you, Mad Dogger. I heard I love your Mad Dogger. You're full of crap on the baseball stadium. I'm just getting full of art. Most of the sports fans at the sporting event to this town come from Broward and Palm Beach. Okay. Hate to break the news to you on that. So did anyway. We go through all of this to get in and then not only that, but because of the euphoria, the enthusiasm from that third year go to the static up finals, they practically sell the join out. We got Tech Crowd's 1819,000 night after night. And spite of the mediocre play. And spite of the fact that up until Palmville, Bray, we had strictly a mediocre team out there with one or two guys to put out all the time at about your floaters out there all the time. Un unbelievable walk. And then Bray comes in and he's just unbelievable. He's scoring. He's making shots that haven't been invented yet. Everybody's on a fire outside of the about it. He gets into the first time. He gets into the second time. Well, you know, they're going to do another ACL. He'll be back at a few days. He's skating. He's practicing or waiting to see, you know, he'll be back. He'll be out a few days. All over the rest of the league, they're saying, oh, no, he's not going to be back. He's out for the year. It's a lot worse than they're admitting. And then Brian Murray with a brilliant comment the other day. Oh, well, you know, we had to say that because if he could possibly come back even 80 or 90%. We didn't want to rest of the league, the players know, and he had a problem because then they'd be a good informed and go and have to the knee and the audio audio audio. So now is there anybody who who can believe they totally blown up their own credibility is if they had any in the first place, they have none. They don't have it equitably. These are people who are incapable of just coming forward and leveling with the public. They just can't do it. They whole organization and they hate me like poison. They're pissed off as hell because they don't like guys that go on here and tell it the way it is. You know, I'm the only one. There is one of the rest of you who gives a crap about this. Maybe maybe five of you. Maybe the other five hockey fans, not just the people of bodies in the seats. On your long I've been screaming about the fact you can't see the goal I want to go to school. Last night here we got all these strangers and they're most people, you know, who knows who these people are in the seats? Because everybody else is eating moths. The second path they're goal at that end, right at the Vorac, and by the way you're playing good, right at good blood, got bless you. There's one kid playing good. He's really given it to us all. He goes behind in that and wait for the island of Goldtender. He don't have the post cover. So the Vorac comes off to the side of the Goliath. Shoot it off the back of his pad, the Goliath pad, and plop. The puck is sitting there in the net. Now I want to tell you, you could have sang the National Anthem, oh Canada, and done your Moni Stana Hall, Iowa has that four times before all of us stood up a day. It's a glad that there was any reaction. I could see the puck sitting there in the net. But again, because of the fact there's no red light on. I mean, it just happened so fact there was so quirky and bizarre. There's just the sounds of silence in the macarina. That's why the fans have to be able to see the goal I went to Goliath score and the fact that the organization still doesn't care enough to get things fixed. So they work right in that place. That's what makes me positive. They don't give a crap about the fans. And that's what makes me continue to wonder if they weren't stroking people along with his Pavel Burrie crap. Just at the time when people are supposed to be sitting in their playoff money. I was poop-pooling that the other day, but now I'm just playing poop-pooling period all over the place because your organization has no credibility with me. Okay, Mr. BM and TM and all of you other figures out there. No credibility. I mean, when you come right out and you admit to the people you've been lying to them. Oh, what do you had to say this? And you had to cover up that no matter what you're saying, I was going to be just like the worst thing. If the word, if the dolphins pull off some trade tomorrow. And the worst thing comes on here in an ounces. Is anybody going to believe it? No. Matthew audiences say, oh, Jesus must be an April a second joke. Man. Don't screw with people's credibility. That's what I think. If your credibility isn't important to you, what does that say? Doesn't that tell you everything you need to know? Huh? Oh, by the way, they're dropping nuclear weapons on Geneva, New York. Just say some stands for nothing. Seeing his courtroom, everyone has the right to a fair trial. But if they're proven wrong, he has the right to make them get down. Judge, change Brown. Judge, this is a matter of Adam's versus man. Thank you, Miss. Now, they're in this out of me. You did a minute of it. So they're going to hit. Yes, that's right. You're on. And don't miss Adam. What was that? Oh, in the wallet, $200 in cash and all my credit cards. Oh, no, no, no, that was a myth. Did you get it? Well, yes, you're on a, I did take his wallet, but it's only because we just want to have stop now. What you just said now? Wonderful. I guess I don't really know you're on a, well, now judge, dance, fancy. Don't know about a, that's how I do. I don't know. All I can say is I'm sorry. Uh-huh. And that's just it's a business. It's a business. You get the man back. I'm going to give him that. A water management photo. Get it. And this judge is going to say, it's a movie. Get a home. Go on. Get a home. I see you. Get up. Man, sounds on the colors. We hear the moral. When his walk gets down on you, judge, James Brown. All right. 33 at 560 W to Q. I'm so I'm like getting back to our last night's the buckle in the Macarena before a very strange crowd of strangers. Because everybody was eating a lot of mapsa and dipping their thing in the assault water. You know, it's a, it's astonishing to me, but I guess it shouldn't be. And by the way, Joe with the thick voice that calls the morning team with that old chronic color. First thing I get my card is morning at home. I'm backing out the car. Turn on a radio in there. That Joe with the thick voice. He'd recognize you've been calling the shows for 100 years in this town. There's nobody's talking about, oh, I want to salute the parameters because actually there were over 500. Well, guess what, Joe. They're not over 500. They're game under. They've been a mediocre 500 team all year long. Okay. They're not over 500. And then spite of what I said yesterday. Now, after last night's the buckle against the horsecraft team chances to play outside would Sarah like. Yeah, like that. Here's the team that came in here last night that had won only once in her last 13 games. The lowly New York Islanders are only 9 points ahead of Tampa going to last night. The worst hit was second worst demon league. They show up and it's obvious. Anybody watching that game who understood the esport of hockey knew that this team had no interest in playing that game. They were going through the motions each and every one of them. Panthers are ahead two to one. Okay. In the second period, Islanders are like putting out a listless effort. The shots are like about 25 to four or something like that for Florida or 24. Now, all of a sudden, thanks to a bonehead play. I don't want to mention no names. Okay. A big guy named. I don't want to make. Thanks to a bonehead play. We let him back in again. Now, it's two to two. At that point, all of a sudden, just like in that Colorado game a few weeks ago, when a Panthers lure five nothing. You could see the guy saying on the other team, oh, guess what? We might actually win this game. Well, that will be fun. It doesn't make it in a different. Let's beat the crap out of these guys. They want to give it to us. And from that point on, they had us on to run the whole rest of the night. I mean, it was no no-al-contendry. No contest in embarrassing performance. Very sad. Nothing anybody should be proud of. It was it was pathetic. Mark Parrish, there you go. Mark, he's going to 20 goals. That kid's dynamite. Four of last five Panther goals. He scored him. He's doing it. Victor Coslaw's skating around and it was big loop. The loops again. He won't shoot the puck. Old Kirk Muller, Old Man Muller, every time he gets a couple of chances. It looked like one time he had a shirt chance for a goal. He stands there. He's going to take the shot. He stops. He's thinking about he takes a shot right into the gold tender's pads, right into Flavity's pads. No chance. And in the second and the early part of the third period, when in this desperate game went on and on, since TM don't want to take any of the blame for this, by the way. Typical humor where he don't want taking any of the blame. I'm seeing Chris Wells and Kirk Muller out there, so much I'm screaming. I started screaming at that point. I was so pissed off. Here's the game you have to win. The season's on the line. We want to make those playoffs. Everybody's sending your playoff pick-in, Monty. Okay? And he's putting out a couple of guys that couldn't score into the Atlantic Ocean. If nobody else was standing right with 100 yards, I don't get it. Relaxed, I said the organization is lucky. Lucky, because the euphoria has just spilled over and spilled over and the Pavelle brewery thinks no matter what they say from here on in, I'm not going to believe them. I have no idea what the real story is. Because they want they got a pack, you know, 18, 19,000 people in every game for next season. Even though the chances now making the playoffs are slimden on. Just astonishing to me. Can't see the goal at when a goal is scored and I'm the only person out of how many thousands of people during all of the home games this team has played. How many people have been through that place? Hundreds of thousands, probably? Over the course of this first year there? And nobody else seems to think that's important. That's why I say the luckiest organization in the history of mankind. Even though they were public stock baby, the toilet. Look at this phone, by the way. All the calls we've had this morning so far, evidently. Hey, why was listed to the first team, Georgia, or was, oh, I don't want to talk to that bag if my mother wants to story on that, the dominant name. Huh? They don't know my name. Oh, that's good. They don't know your Julio either. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We don't have one call on a board here right now. How do you like that? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. This is the Neal Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? Oh, I think the challenge right? For me to touch the body, once I'm there on the body, it just gives me a clue. So what kind of a choice? And find myself a heart-weight, and I know one good had a weight, and the first that tuned. Oh, I find my blade boys and creamy low shaman, but the doubt will write down on the floor. Oh, I'm good. Oh, I'm good, my wish action in that low shaman, and I pray that no one acts in gently, always up the door. All right. 1043 or 560 WQAM. I've said it was had 72 million calls, most of them don't want to be on the ear though, of course. Thanks a lot guys. Unconcutable, unbelievable. People want to be a phone. See, this is an act of me desperation. I mean, I realize you guys have been lagging behind in the numbers in the morning. I realize that. And even costing the rest of us a lot of money on those bonuses too, by the way. I understand that. But if you think you're going to just getting a little publicity for a cheap April Fool stunt, it's going to put you over the top. All that does is destroy everybody's credibility and screw us up here now, because instead of anybody want to talk about what I'm talking about, which is important stuff to me, they still call, oh, what's the number 310 of the real story is you were had. Okay? All you sports nerds out there, you were had. I was had, because coming to work at one point, they had me believe in it. There was no trades, Richmond Webb, he ain't going anywhere. Carine, Abdul, Chobar, he ain't going anywhere. You were had. On a cheap April Fool stunt, an act of total and pure idiotic desperation. I remember years ago, you know, talk about April, see, I'm not into those cornball kind of contriped. I'll all corn, you know, goes with certain guys that I'm morning show. I'm not into it. Number years and years ago on KAT, I guess it wasn't Craig Worthing went on year one day on April Fool's Day. And of course our audience on KAT was basically very, very old and mostly old women. And Craig went to the thing, well, today's my last day on a radio and I've decided to hang it up and it's been wonderful. I love you all and the mama mama, but I'm going to go up to a Kenobunk board main. If I could tell you the weeping women, the weeping old yenthus that started to call, oh, please, great. I mean, I thought some of these people were going to have a stroke. And it got so bad that he finally had to, well, you know, break down and say, okay, April Fool, I'm just kidding, you please, calm down. Don't kill yourself, etc. and so on. What's the point? I mean, it's like it's like the, uh, too fair. You know, it's like the Easter Bunny. We reach a certain point in life where things like that were, you know, it were fine. When you're like a little kid, you know, pull my fingers. That's fine. Once you get to be, you know, 70, 80 years old, you don't follow any more so much in your finger, either. Here's a lady in coconut creek, hello. Hey, how are you? Okay, man. I just listened to all that Bs for the beginning of the show before you got on, which I mean, you're really a super listener to call and to think that that was going on. But I was a poppy game last night. Yes. And I should have been home. Actually, it was my family celebrating the holiday, but as a fan, going to my 36 games. I'm so nauseated by the Jewish hockey fans of South Florida and they're almost universal absence last night. You can eat your mozzarella any night of the week you want. You can have your Seder tonight. There's no hockey games. You can have it tomorrow. And I, you got to have a whenever you want. Okay. I mean, and where's the loyalty? Where's the priority for crying out loud? I mean, if I'm out of town, of course, I can't be at the game. If they went out of town for the holidays, okay, God bless them. But if they're here in town and they're sitting around giving their tickets away to a bunch of strangers, I'm sorry. That's not to, they have no real interest. I definitely agree with you. And last night's show, if I tell you, I'm so sick and tired of them playing Chris Wells on the ice. He is forever and over and over again. Here's one of the most non-productive people we have in a team. And in the most important game that we've got in the year that we must win to keep our hopes alive. He's out there and Kirk Moore. Everybody who couldn't get the job done, they're out there and in northern amount of time. Mueller was out there, one point. I thought the shift must have been a minute and a half. I've never seen anybody that old play a shift that long in my life. Well, on the first one to get rid of Wells, a student's possible, get some players on it that can at least play defensively, play offensively, score. You know, we can't live with parish alone. And we can't have a team like that. We're not going in any. Well, that's what you've got. Well, I don't know what to do, but I'm in section 414, boon every time I see you need a mile near the crease. Yeah. You know, I don't know. I don't know. Well, season pace off. Okay. Nice life. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing today? I got a couple of things for you here. The first of all, there's whammy spots must make you puke every day. No, I really couldn't care less. We'd like the money. We'll take it, thank you. Not a work. Okay, Neil, listen, you open my eyes to something. Don't get mad quick because I know you hate the word golf, but I love golf. And what you open my eyes to was quick going into those tournaments. It's so boring walking around. I just threw my tickets away this year. David, why did it take me to convince you that didn't you already know that? I mean, was this painfully obvious that it was boring? What's the point? Well, the point is this. When are you going to stop going to this boring hockey games with such a half-ask team? Sir, I got news for, okay, when you were a fan, you don't go to the games only if your team is good. See, you're a perfect for this town. You're the definitive caller, okay? If the team is good or bad, I don't care. I'd like them to be good, but you know something. I live through 20 years of media equity with the Maple Leafs. And here I am 40 years later, and I'm still as much of a fan as I was in 1958. How do you like that? Well, I guess you don't like it because you can't relate to a game. No, no, perfect for South Florida. You're not perfect for running phony. I go to the games because I'm a fan, and because I wrote for the team and I hope for the best. And even if they think that you're going to, I would say, often do, I sure, I hope I'll see you at the golf tournament, okay? Not you jackass. Perfect. There's a golf guy. Why do I go? I got a news for us, sure the most boring Panther game in the world is more exciting by a million times than your freaking golf tournaments, okay? Why do I go? Because I'm a fan, which we have very, very few in this town. Even though I don't, more of the right jacket all the time to please that fat lady that was there last week, too bad. I still show up there and root for the team, okay? What do you go? Because I like it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60. Anybody from out of town here for the holidays? What you just heard right there? That's what this town is all about. What you heard this morning for a couple of hours with that phony April Fool's stunt. Would everybody running around calling and doing cart flips and losing bets and everything? That's what this town's all about. Blah, slag baby. But what do you go? And don't tell us about our sayators important to us. Well, isn't that sad? That breaks my heart. That just breaks my heart. That it's so important to sit around eating a bunch of because some maniacs decided thousands of years ago that you're going to eat the horse radish in the seaweed and put parsley and salt water. Rakes my heart. Like I said yesterday, when it comes to me, I'm unconventional and I'm proud of it. I'm not just another one of the sheep who does almost everything in my life because this is the way it's supposed to be. Sorry, not for this kid. Here's a mobile and four-lot of Dale. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. It's Dr. Bernstein's patient. How are you doing? Okay. Well, you're not going to bore us again. Oh, well, that was a little bit slow. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, you're not. Wait, I got a question. Yeah. You said yesterday that you were bothered by heartburn. Are you? No, I did not say that and I'm not and have a nice day. Five, six, seven. See, when I wanted this guy to call, he wouldn't call. All you had to do is do is, sir, when I was asking you to call a couple of weeks ago, we'll say the George the guy was great. I didn't wonder his for me. That's all. Very simple. And then I would have felt good. And I would have continued saying, hey, yeah, Dr. Bernstein the book is great if you're diabetic if you're fat. That's great. That's all I wanted. No, I don't want to hear disease today. I'm talking about stuff. I want to be sponsored today to what I'm talking about. Not about whether I got a heartburn. Okay. What do I got? That gas. In fact, I didn't have that gas until you're called. Now, there's another one for you. How do you like that? And another one. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Marguade. Hello. How you doing, Neil? I don't know. I got a solution. I got a solution. People, as cry baby basketball plays, hockey plays football play. It's certainly the course of all. Let them fight. Take that pay away. Yeah. Let them fight. Yeah. Could you thud a liking? Well, they get to tell what you're asking over there. Okay. How about we send your fan asked over there? Whatever kind of ask you got, which I don't want to know. 5, 6, 70, 5, 50, palm five, 60 on the mobile one line? Sort of like, it's like something junior to me. It fascinates me. more money be chalam hey Neil yes sir hey if it's all if people are stupid like they are it uh... you know people are stupid like they are people wonder like they got a city of a judge written the colors and categorizing we don't want dumb cars a few more okay if they're fun but we're looking for something that's got something to say okay right but anyway go ahead but uh... it got made uh... in his image yes got lucky off a dumb in a little ugly on the side right but they'll okay you know why didn't you make uh... why didn't you make uh... us in rewritten these image for crisis there you go by the way even for raising a coma to raising a slump happens to the best of us the line at third period there i think was even on a power plate i mean ray and kavashi they're all skating around in big circles that we were gonna see like uh... hockey players on ice the rockets what was that that they see that last night they'll be like doing a big a loopy looks there in our own end on a power play like all the other way guys down there that's where the net is we're supposed to stick to the biscuit in the basket that was bizarre see and i think it's contagious maybe you say i don't go to practice because guys that go to practice have a mental problem okay but it's prepant their practice today we must have been doing loopy loops or fruit looks is something because every and they're all doing the uh... they're doing a uh... kind of law thing now the victor kawls law loopy loop kawishes doing that now and even the right way we were doing that last night skating around in circles we have a little caron circles jerk here's a mobile in hollywood hello hey you know how you doing happy uh... whatever to your sir happy day like savings time there you go uh... listen you know you talking about you know this thing with poploper yes and and then you know earlier shows you know that i've listened to you know this thing with way and i think in the way you know what you do with the baseball team and everything like that and i mean you know to to some people i guess it's important but really if you think about it you know it's just like with the left arm of the door situation south floor to fans deserve what they get you know i don't know how to do with that that's true you're right the average the average fan i mean the best vast vast majority of them it's not it's not about team and you know uh... getting behind your team it's about like you know being seen a cafe she she you know and i got it that's right and and you know you know i got people sitting in front of me at the panther games they spent half of the game waving the people i don't even know if they really exist over there if they're just doing to piss me off so they're on kibbe my face waving across the other side they're waving i mean what is that i'm about watching the game and then as soon as they get done waving they grab one of their eighteen kids and they get up and they go out for a food and go to take a dump of whatever they're doing i mean i i there are very few fans of any sport in this town that's why this whole concept of of a sports station expecting people to call it with a tell you comment about sports we don't have a sports fan here we have spectators we have people who put answers in the seat i mean you know you look at maybe like what you see with how you were with uh with with with as a leaf fan suffering from mediocrity you look at a maybe you get analogies that is the community like in whiskers in green bay yeah the packers stock forever you know but but those people they live in dot they they're real sports fans out there they appreciate what they got here in south florida you know i mean i mean this is the base spot he went to the world series or they made the play out they couldn't even sell out some of the playoff he he that's right because there was no interest he just it's just so i mean i go and i go to these hockey games and i come on here the next day and i practically i practically work myself into a frenzy trying to get some response on things that should be so obvious and it's like i'm the only one of these things nobody else cares why should we why should the red like a lot of goola score why should you be able to see it i mean why why should the the ice be of quality that guys aren't like getting injured all the time well nobody else cares about these things because they're just like you said they're there to socialize and schmooz we don't have fans here we got a handful of fans and a bunch of people want to stick their ass in a seat especially if the corporation gave it to them or their friends gave it to them because their friends are having a pants over satir or whatever they're not but they but they know it's on the menu though you know right yeah yeah you know and they know the product is souvenirs you know i'll see it's a golf room i'll see it's a lipson yeah i'll see it the Honda classic and a lipson anybody want to go to the lipson no no simple little ice tea at the lipson sit around be real suitu intellectual five six yeah right let's go to a tennis tournament don't make too much noise though because love thirty now it's very important sir because oh let's service let's try it again five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line what a crock a crap you're what i said crap right right after the problem have you ever heard a popular rap song in the radio and thought that i could do that there go you're probably right all it takes is a little ambition some karaoke s musical backup and 1995 yes i left out talent for a reason with the puff daddy wrap along cd said you'll be hitting it just like some of the top rap stars with today oh yeah i'm back in black yay with little to no musical talent and even the last creator thinking he'll be a chart buster in near reach all y'all y'all if the time you know yay the puff daddy wrap along cd said even comes with a handy booklet that shows you how to get older rock stars to help you with your projects or yeah of get a gun yeah the puff daddy wrap along cd said just 1995 is just about all it takes order today and receive free the embroidered t-shirt reading why didn't you tell my friend to get famous he did order now i'm eleven o'clock five sixty wqm happy pay so i'll okay call you people out there there were too busy to come to the game last night and gave you a ticket to a way to a bunch of marginal people there were some nice people last night avoid a were some people are like a lost and then jocos still was tell me about the were he was in bunch of rude obnoxious people were there beddy little kid with a balloons on their head that kept a poking him with a balloons and the old bag sticking her headway out there so make sure that nobody to were left to write could see what was going on out there on the ice see one thing you won't find in this town the word considered if you're looking your dictionary in south Florida the word considered has been removed from all dictionaries in this time the idea that anybody is considered to anybody else sorry sorry sorry don't have anything here see i got to do a long reach that i'm sitting up in this chair five six seven five sixty pound and and you know might now i understand the last few days haven't sitting here screaming and yelling i go to the arena last night that's the one thing i kept going through my mind i looked around and i saw until about seven twenty five there was like nobody there because everybody else the idea big given these tickets you understand that they scout them or however they got them these were not the regular people are come there and i thought to myself i'm on the air here every day screaming and wondering why i can't get calls ninety nine percent of my colors are Jews right and even ones that aren't you was even a wholly owes out there they're going on getting circumcised because they're jealous and i'm sitting here getting all bent out of shape i mean it's priorities man i'm not important the hockey games that important eatin' not as important oh we've been doing this for thousands of years when you've been getting persecuted for thousands years too does that make it good for Christ's sake oh so i should have left him out he ain't feeling good he's getting ready to get nailed up there again tomorrow any tomorrow that he got nailed up there on the cross with that thorny horny crown on his head and every time you touch yourself even it's just to go to take a leak that crown the thorns get duro deeper into his head they must be coming out to bed they must be protruding by now just alone from the stuff that goes on in the Vatican they must be poking out in the thorns too remember that series of thorn birds all in by the way speak of that i can't make nice job Jerry betman what's at it line of franchise the thrashers are we seeing the low row for that the ugliest animal if it's a bird if it's a like the chupacabra i don't know what that what a thrashers supposed to be some kind of a bird i guess and that's what they're going to be for us for the birds y'all that that league is in so much trouble in hl and that little perpy basket from cornell Jerry betman this guy's destroying it he is butchering it more and more new franchises we already got all these other feeling franchises let's go back to places that already failed before give another chance at land i'm gonna Minnesota i was going to happen there no it's gonna be disaster nice going Jerry you little torpe i hope you have a lousy pace all carry about i hope somebody poisons your mottes that's what i think about you a killer here's Miami hello yes sir i wanted to come in about the uh the fellout fans of yes sir how do you like the guy calling in the chewing me out for go to the game even though i got a crappy team i do you like that i was a shwap what a puts some of the other stuff a golf ball of his record seven iron two while he's at it right i mean you can go to every south florida sporting event and if they're not in the playoffs they're either scapenter tickets they're selling their tickets that's right you got it any shmuck so called south florida fan there's most of these people would know the meaning of the word fan if somebody uh branded it on their forehead they still wouldn't understand what their fan is all about this is the only place in america where you have to give a primer to people i what it means to be a fan well i would also afford it is as people put the joses i mean the slits across the street they might see the ticket right well let's get see the tickets that they don't go we don't go yeah in fact at all these people decided that eating snail mottes was more important i said that coming and supporting their team and they need support that show is that goes to show you right there they don't care that much they sure don't care enough well good point is when pop out very when they announce that he wasn't going to be playing for the rest of the season all these people were rushing to the ticket office i want my refart right i did it that you know that's right same crap every year whether it's football hockey bats give all whatever it's the same crap hey man okay you think and happy uh daily i tell me time you too see that's something we can all agree on okay not even if you don't like it we can agree because it's gonna happen with your like it or not it's gonna be daylight saving time certain night what do they say spring ahead fall back on on your back home that's way works push it ahead in the clock two five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty-two world of the time i guarantee we won't have any Jews call here today they've abandoned me i mean if they're gonna abandon the panthers i'm small potatoes all week long i'm wondering how come we can't get any calls explaining other than your crazy accountant david which i don't want to talk to member again by the way take any Jews because they're all busy doing this pace off stuff didn't i couldn't even get a call yesterday about pace at a key candy i still don't know the difference what makes candy any different for Passover than like candy you need on the poor um or like any other ordinary on good Friday what is paces can't get a call don't even ask they won't tell you you're not important enough don't you understand mister i understand small potatoes i think if we're small potatoes right next to the brisket by the way can you small potatoes on Passover no i don't know i don't know picture in the paper this morning some old rabbi with a big beard some real stereotypical old orthodoxy he's burning the eleven bread he's thrown it on the fire he's burning it people are starving people are starving and we got crazy old orthodox use burning bread because it's eleven i wonder what they're thinking about probably saving a lot of lives by burning that wonder but i'll tell you that they really aren't that's stuff will kill you white bread so cotton candy white cotton candy that's what it is with a crust on it kind of like most of your underwear crusty crap now a nice piece of ribbread or popernickel hmm are you talking like red bread like dark hmm that's great mmm what does it eat i like bread you love bread okay two open lines five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen to i'm i'm so i'm so i'm so i don't know how i feel about that thing this morning i mean i'm nauseated by why did they do that and then of course very jackass the couple other jackass jack offs in the stand there right in the paper tomorrow about it all the first team pulls April full and you know it'll get some free publicity but it's not going to be good publicity it's going to make them look stupid there this is the voice of the dolphin it's irresponsible it's dumb get everybody whoipped out of the were friends you i mean people were really think that stuff is important which of course is not but they're the sports there are the things that's important and they got these people running around like chickens with their head cut off because then they come some cockman historic and then they're putting fully voices on the air pretending to be this one and that one thank god people with credibility didn't get stuck in that survey this morning that was right thank god that people with credibility on this radio station didn't get sucked in and part of that mask arrayed and throwing their credit for it was from stupid April first private everybody was laughed at my god you're breathed a beautiful two day night on box join her prison for it's 50th anniversary jump again thank you ladies and gentlemen this is my first hit from 1949 it was my only it oh oh they went number one ladies and gentlemen number one i've got a lovely pair of Harry not oh i want to bounce him on your chin just go to the top you're about where that's winged the bolt up out and right pulling they both were all right in thank you thank you joining for my 50th anniversary in show business with my special guest one didn't we will be joined by chief justice right question and our mining team goal total team who's made it will be right back put up my mind 11 15 it's five 60 w to q a m oh by the way gift of force just had a fart attack oh my god these in a prostate position the dragon into the t-roll and he still can't stop just had a fart attack he always April 4 oh wasn't i'm gonna have a spat boy i was talking about he was in here this morning by the way in case my good friends Linda and Dana stopped by the game last night good guys see I don't knock all sales people they were good guys because they don't work here Linda was smart she got there a lot I just want to tell you Greg they're all on the sweet art 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line by the way I got a haircut this morning and I paid myself didn't have to wait for an allowance here's a lady mothield and a mothield and deer field mothield hello yeah hi you're a money yes man this is a problem bokeh there is corn syrup in the candy all year long and you can't have corn on Passover you can't have corn can't have corn oh my god that's why so all the closer to Passover candy has no corn syrup in it I sure hope it doesn't have sobatolyn it I hope so too oh my god I hope you have a good one and back to you happy pace off and happy to have a two hour at it thank you very high for him and happy to be tish above okay bye yeah you know what that what that stuff will do to you don't yeah I don't like you yeah right wow so don't need to watch that pace of the candy and sure don't need to anywhere with a silver doll because the silver doll you don't make it woo have he doody baby you'll be screaming from that the worst thing you've ever doing your life and I've done it you have to be getting sitting in an airport you're ready to go on a plane on any kind of a flight but even a long flight especially and to get like those uh... search with silver doll you know you're on a dime you don't want each sugar you try to do something different yourself so you get sugar free look yes watch sugar free usually it's got sobatole manitall and all of that stuff does the same thing and you get on the plane and all of a sudden hopefully you're in for this class you know could you don't have too many people trying to use the toilet five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wyrless line jews for kneel that it's what we want we want a sacrifice i'm talking about a human sacrifice we want some sacrifice out there some usual take time out of their busy busy holiday i want some heath and jews who what what do they call it observant then that is so we were are you an observant you what will you i'm observant i see what's on a wall over there i see George is sitting in over there i see the clock on a wall says it's eleven eighteen i see uh oh i'm serious i am so depressed about the way he looks bill hammer on CNN if you would have just seen that that child needs help i always thought he was a pretty good looking kid bill hammer hammer hammer take up does a lot of a off the wonders of TV make up i'm telling he is over there and you you was love you or in however he is an Italy and he looks just i mean wow i wouldn't touch him with your little toe that's how bad he looks the hammer here's a bokeh hello bokeh going once after a long wait of twenty six minutes going twice zagazun here's margate hello yes sir are you doing great well i got chance to go my first panter game last night sorry it was well yeah hey i had a good time either way you know listen it was grow ten i can i it was a performance for the ages the stone age yeah i can't afford to go to the game in a buddy of mine give me a ticket so i enjoyed is your buddy do you wish no stepfather is actually a ticket uh see there you go all the all the Jews they but you got an art team last night and granted we played a crappy game but i'm gonna write that down in my diary when i go home the Jews abandoned us last night i'm the sponge well no he was at a town so okay well he's all right but i use other ones i have a question for you yeah that's why they're not calm either all out of town i got a couple questions for you i'm a big panter fan i watch all the games on tv the best i can do you know but yeah um mark parish why don't they play him on a powerplay more because he scores too many goals we want to want to start doing that i just i mean i i kept we've got to put robby out there don't understand robby nice pass robby didn't make a nice pass the person at first goal is but nevertheless robby couldn't score to win a peanut right now i don't have any i need you tell me i don't know and why did we play christwell's in the clerk muller in the ground last night i don't know i don't know i don't know this guy boil he took two shots last night and missed the puck all times yeah but after he had that's a good player though that kid dan dee good he is a good player he's fast he's a good offensive defenseman he's a good defensive defenseman which you don't have too much of that he's a player that didn't want to go back where he comes from he was from the organization all right so i learned something that kid's a player you watch him boy i sure hope we hang on to him because he's gonna be a real player well i was last i found you i'm not just another one of those prospect in the organization that they're always uh even a susongentant this kid is a real honest good uh player well i found you in my binoculars last night i was looking for you in the stands you look a little pal when you are right yeah i'll be okay it was probably the game you know yeah i can understand okay all right now happy i whatever all right happy for the July hit never to early to say they're happy for the July that's another juhalty five six seven five sixty pound five sixty out of eighteen t while i was lying anybody see nobody has any opinion on the stuff they pulled this morning and what does that tell me see it's interesting because we got flooded with calls there but they were people calling or having to do with you or me or the show they were like like you know when they used to do that what's your beasting on Thursday's 20 minutes after 10 we were oh i want to wear just a mild beef well i guess what the beef ended 20 minutes ago i saw you know they don't get it i don't think there's any cross over between the worst team in the show is there any at all no none because i'm really interested is it only me because i thought that thing this morning was just uh i'm a speechless about i can't even find the words to describe it and believe me i've been around a block a few times i know all about every station in america does these stupid April first done April full bad i got it you know but this was like uh how do i describe it how do i describe it it was just a ridiculous carry to an extreme over something i'm sure the dolphin organization must have really liked it we have a bunch of days we're big on it here's a mobile and pombie chillo me oh yes sir they go back to the thing you always say this is not a sports town yeah bottom line yes sir that's right i think of all you could take the panthers say dolphins and the marlins and they could be because become a man's unit is banged up as they are yeah obviously it's got to be something going on with the doctors well i you know all i can go is based on my own personal experiences and what i see going on with these other guys and i'm just uh that place i'm you know i'm not apologizing anybody that's my honest opinion i have acted right with anybody over there but i'm very disappointed what they've done for me and so my confidence level and that joint is very low very low let's listen if you pull this up on the net the first thing got everybody going because this is a double reversal you pull up on the net that is w dot nfl dot com yeah it's a time yeah yeah i'm falling a double reversal April full shot right and all over america people are going to be jumping off bridges i got somebody to yes sir and the spot you're good to be okay thanks to the good news you know they spread into course you know if it's on the internet it's probably a polycraft that's one thing i've learned about the internet is every moron every jackass every retard i mean there's a lot of good stuff on there too there's some real useful interesting stuff but you really got a shift i mean you know when you when you put something in there you do a search and you put something in there and it says okay here here are ten of two million six hundred eighty two thousand responses you're starting to understand getting some concept of how much how much infinite material is in there you know you could put the word rectum in there okay here's the top ten of seventy two million four hundred sixty two thousand responses just to the word rectum there's a lot of assholes out there you know that must be the reason for wow there's just so much swill in that internet and so they put they put a far so on over here and i'll be spreading like wildfire what what a contrast between the day when they were reporting by the way all morning long about Jimmy Johnson resigning and the newspapers as well what a contrast between that and the day that Hank called me on air remember that day very vividly to tell me the real story that he was holding a press conference and he was staying and that Hank broke that story the first anywhere in the universe and spot a watch channel seven lie the baby which they didn't do by the way liars what a contrast between those two okay i mean even if you want to have some fun on the on April Fool's day you still have to be concerned about your credibility i realize we got some guys in the station maybe don't have any credibility maybe that's it if you don't have it you can't keep it right here's my name hello good morning now what is this the the April Fool's joke yes it's both of them if somebody listen to the station for the first time this morning yes it would appear that they were the April Fool's joke the two guys now let me tell you yesterday from two to four in radio man b yeah radio b the owner guest who do you think was the owner guest still you are a great moment no damn let by the you hero in the Cuban community he didn't have so demand to save our owner and you know what he said among the many stupid things that he said that he had many offers to go to be a better market yeah like public somebody had to stay in the Miami head up to save us to five fairs in a very we had time to tell me pay his bus fair to go like anywhere like we know very bad to manage by the way because the guy doesn't even speak proper Spanish speaker right yeah he got his 15 minutes word two hours of our the new hero and the Cuban community please and also yeah well I think that is not one of those pandeers that the hero thank god for that well not on it well the the Miami hero is becoming the new Miami hell two by the way he had nothing to do with the Miami hell of 10 15 years ago that's part of being objective in anything that has to do with it because I think pretty soon they're just going to put out hell and just get rid of the whole rest of the paper yeah could be that could be the way to go but I tell you what's any was he was grotesque he was insomeless what's there yeah then a basket he ought to be ready for the diarrhea of loss of America's were he ought to be yeah well I tell you two hours of one of the worst problems that I have ever heard in that terrible station really it should be recorded and translated into English to so people that don't not does not know well wait wait wait wait wait I thought he's checking hands with the doll there you go what he also said that he was the way he was because he was taught by his grandfather who is you know one of the Cuban painters in this community so I have to read this history the man was sick probably good friends with him and raw two no them okay listen to us to hear me this pal okay and happy paces off happy be so good to you okay see oh five six seven are we hearing from Jews today come on let's hear from some not to observe and observant Jews like me there must be some out there you don't have to be so God in and birth just because you're not walking around with a beanie on oh by the way well great moment last night at the game was almost nobody there I'm with 636 40 nice lady little bit ordered and me but nice very nice lady comes over to me she says I just want to tell you how much I agree with what you said about the hasidic guy that brought his poor kid here with the schmatha on his head and I felt so sorry for that kid how do you like that see I'm not the only one there are other people who believe exactly the same stuff they're just afraid to say it and she had the guts to come over and say it thank you sweet article bless you beanie baby Jewish kids what a sad said deal not funny folks it's not funny it's tragic what you're doing with your kid it's just you know why not just say to your kid okay I've chosen to look walk around looking like a geek all my life if you want you want you get to be 18 and make your own decisions maybe it will give you your your schmatha and if you want to put it in fine if not that's your business you're right in hell I don't you go back to know your idea what's best you're here you I don't know if he was like me but I was the guy is how you said I'm by a last you God I miss you even though you look like a car cut off my hair off I miss you but one quick question do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this minute no one's pet me for weeks but I'm not complaining don't just understand me because I love you with all my heart but if you happen to see my mother please let her go I'm not dead yet here I'm glad I wanted to tell you that the guy who saw with your best friend that was really he might have looked in talk just like he thought that surely surely coincidental I was so weird near that place I love you too much to look at anyone else dear a lady I had a dead as the point that day and I was so weird near the metal lens I would never see somebody who is so good with all those weirdly casual that make them on let me on the week it works the lotion in the basket in reverse right it's 1133 by my never trust anybody named al Aina's 560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line we're smoking at the day baby had my doubts there in the beginning after that bizarre debacle on a morning show this morning of course you know if we were replaced by Henry Burrow in the Roger Magdalene we'd probably try anything desperate to you know the QM van we had such a big success yesterday and by the way boring nephew Chris read tells me that most of the people I showed up for the freebies yesterday were holy old like that so you can cover and pretend you're not listening they're all listening I've been trying to tell George that for years ah they don't listen to you two boy I said yeah they do Michael yeah my decline boy the QM van today will be at the shell gas station on university drive and Howard Boulevard in plantation right on the northeast corner everybody knows that right next to the vet place I don't go to anymore oh sorry get the free tickets to the yamarlan's opening day game this monday and and also two denied 18 hour block night see the Florida Marlins pick on the mess and five your taxes for free from 18 hour block right at the ballpark right at old pp park the nephew and QM van will be out there starting at noon until all those three Marlins tickets are gone from on the enthu tonight's the two opening nights of the season go out there get him for free even if Chris is a lot of boring size is a good guy is boring here's a mobile and for a lot of Dale hello yeah sir are you doing great good I'm a Jew I didn't go to the hockey game because I don't have hockey tickets all right but that's not why I call you didn't try to think just because you were having some dumb satar in house eating horse radish uh Neil the nose is so clear now though I can got a little belly time you're right I got you know you don't understand the reason why they did that chick this morning telly wasn't there they need a connection they had more yeah that's why they should in fact that that's even more more of a condomation the fact that he wasn't there they had a chance to have a real show but they missed him yeah is that it that's it well no wonder when you're is coming in okay happy day like saving time okay five six seven five six two got a couple of lines there and those outside lines way there on the outside of the phone thing I think this phone thing starting to work a little better days isn't it huh is that just because we get a lot of calls it's still the roll over they don't roll another not what the way they are to but don't get pushy now you know don't get pushy well I had a great conversation with my friends from the old sales days last night oh god they're onto your Greg they're on everybody here's Jeff Cohen here clean shave and Jeff Cohen you didn't just shave for the holidays did you look at that you must have shaved for a pace-off you're still got a burning hell we all know that so you might as well still keep running a horn around over town because you're going to burn hell anyway somebody's will get all you can't why do you can't what is that self-aggrandizement oh this man here's the greatest publicity how in the world making a fortune because of it and he's proud of it here's a thing in a uh daily Cooper City extremely local section of the Harold want to say to with more presays try devy eateries that's had in the fair in a whole big there's Jeff and by the way I don't want to push you I don't want to scare anybody this is only for the media okay Jeff does actually touch your food those people are real grossed up by his fingernails in a ponytail on the schmookie way he looks lately since he's become a real de-genrement hang around with alcohol thing guess what he doesn't really touch your food this is just a photo opportunity okay show in him shoveling a mott's a pizza and it'll be of an endavia what good good choice and by the way when you hold your hands like that it looks real you know real swishy okay take it from somebody that knows take it from somebody knows what queen's there's all about a non don't I'm not just talking about one day year and I'm stood on so here's our mott's a pizza and mott's a lasagna I'm ready baby oh 73 blood sugar this morning by the way George 73 blood sugar this morning we're very proud well I'm a good person whatever you got whatever you got I'll have a little of this a little that now is that we call last year because it's on eleven bread it doesn't affect my blood sugar the way the other stuff did is that correct because I've ever last year I did wonders on this stuff we're gonna see and I'm gonna have to eat this with a fork I can't pick this up because I'm long over our crappy old equipment thank you sir excellent mott's a pizza mott's a lasagna from the pizza love see you don't have to shine like it is you should have seen last night I'm telling you you would have thought that they said that eagle was coming with a train through something I mean at the macarina I was there there were maybe like three other Jews in the whole joint I want to hear from some other Jews that showed up at the hockey team last night please that won't take very long five six seven five six they so I don't have to be sure out of the hockey game you can still go to the pizza love enjoy the delicious food because it's kosher for pace off but you stop I'm trying to like you know and balance it a little bit it's it's okay I mean kosher in the literal sense it's kosher like in the you know humorous sense try not to man well whatever in other words you won't burn in hell you might go to a purgatory a little while or you might just wind up doing a limbo rock maybe like in the back room a Jeff depending on what you look like and if you got the right kind of screwed on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line this is beautiful stuff I know it till it's a lot of work to make it right yeah so I have so because I was begging you begging you to please make it all year long you said no I can't do that just for the Jews at pace off here is a day in your hello okay sir a couple things I just got back I was up in Philadelphia for about three yes sir and you were talking about food and I'm a gen-pile gen-kill happy Easter and I tired the food up there was pretty good I went to a lot of Jewish tellings and whatever not couldn't believe this guy was sitting beside us last night he was about maybe I don't know 9900 his little daughter and man he was fussing up a storm because when he ordered a sandwich apparently came with extra stuff I don't know what a cool song whatever he felt that he didn't want that stuff so he didn't want to have to pay extra for that he said you guys you get a discount just for the one you should have put him on the bus and brought him down here he'd fit in like a rubber glove the other thing was I couldn't believe all the sports fans up there as far as I dare to their their basketball team was in the losing hockey team they had a struggling and every other person I saw up there had a flyers jacket on had a eagle sweatshirt on had a I mean every single person I mean I couldn't believe they could even try to get the names of the players on the team it was under you're like that there's been quick I want I don't know if I was out red in the paper were the authors for the sound to the lambs red dragon right you just finished his his book is coming out June 8 it's called Hannibal right yeah I write about that right okay I just hit the subtitle is it was a large number I just I watched it I completely up and I've been feeling I've been having a pay off I hadn't seen it so it came out and moved I watched it and we and I didn't put it together when I saw that I can't I've come off the couch that'll do it I say hey Neil thanks rock what happy day my same is time to you you two by two 20 till no this is good stuff by the way Jeff Collins reached up what is that um that's right feed the troops you okay we share okay we're not a much of stuff is passed with like some people on the other side of the whole air don't drink anymore water want a lovely pop little boy a young man turns 28 this gorgeous sweet a bag I'll be on the next day it's too many seats in your dime back getting to the party to minutes to live isn't it the chronic don't you think it's not crazy Play that you already I know John is dying. I love it you, baby. It's like 10,000 joints when all you need is a light. It's like having a feel of your tunes. And then finding out you are 10 to life. And here's a new tecronic. Don't you think. A little too much chronic. Yeah, I really think. It's not great. When you're gone break the free bag. When you're already safe. When you're already safe. That you are still in the day. Who are the stops you get in the bag. Yeah, I think we're going to talk about the former Dawson players. It's just a joke. You light enough. I'm giving you all this publicity. It's like a spin this food out of the table now. You're so nervous. For I'm telling you, all the people in this town I could get like maybe the last show that I'm on here. You know, they'll probably pull the plug on the transmitter. Lastly, somebody to do it on an ounce. On an ounce when that last show is going to be boy. I'm going to have some heavy duty stuff to be. There'll be people hopping on planes emergency. I hope you have an E ticket and an E mail. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. Still waiting to hear from Jews or what the hockey game last night. I bet you I was the only one. I'm trying to think of I saw any other people who even looked you. I should have the game last night. I looked across my friend the Kleinbergs were they there. No. No. The whole row in front of me, which thank God, except for that one lumberjack that came instead in front of everybody. They're all gone. Everybody in section 101, 134. Nobody. Maybe three or four go in. Usually are there. Everybody else was different. I'll tell you one thing. One thing I can hear a Tia. The Panthers record this season against an all-goyle shirt crowd is 01. There's this statistic for you. Well, here anywhere else on this radio station against the all-goyle crowd we are in front of a plane only go. It goes to show you for little inspiration. We need a few Jews in the audience. Here's a lady in West Palm. Hello. Lady in West Palm. Oh boy. Why do they still why are they still on there? We back to that again on this phone system. Oh God. Long after the hang-up, and there's still ticket up our purchase phone lines. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Yes sir. I was in section 134. I'm a Jew. I don't want to yell on the guy. I'm like that. All right. Here's one. I was the way I was on board. But you know what? I paid my life money. 100 money. The pay for my own ticket. It's not out of a corporation. And I want to know when people are going to get pissed. Yeah. But you have an uninspired team. One of our guys gets his head knocked off and nobody does a damn thing about it. Right. Well, I get sorry. Nobody does a damn thing about it. A gold taking away from his last act. It was obvious money doesn't do a damn thing about it. Nothing. They got no blow. When's the last time you saw Terry Murray show any really motion. I knew. I got to go. No motion. I want to say something. I want to say something. I mean this. Even though I like to complain personally. This team is. No. No. Now that all. The coach six years. We had Roger Nielsen was a dead man. Just look at the flyers with all their talent. Right. Doug McCleain is a good guy. But a hard ass. He played favorites to a point where we really hurt the team. Didn't like Marty Strocka was only got 35 goals and 78 points. And that only had BM filling in who was a disaster. And now his brother who's like a clone is like a dead man. He's like Roger Nielsen would better hear. He's a corpse. Yeah. I don't understand. What one of these things. Did you see the third period where we were. Where the guys including a ray wittley, which I couldn't believe. We're all. They were all skating and so what was that on a power play? They're skating the big circles in our own end. A great. What were you doing building up some momentum? I had no defense from the carry to block. Jesus. Okay. Craig. Had a kid with W. Only one was trying with W. Yeah. He's been he scored a back to power play for a long time and Victor caused a lot of quarterback. What the hell? He defense meant for out there. Well you got. You got. You got Dan Borles. This kid's a hell of a gold score. He's a great player. Absolutely. Well good luck. I'm going to get Rob Sal, a king of out of his coma. I don't understand what his problem. I'm happy. Good Friday. All right. Thank you. And it's Eden Paisau. All right. I'm not sticking to me. I get out of here. 5.670. 5.6. Wait a minute. You can't. You're eating garlic rolls. You can't do that. Oh my god. Oh. Oh. Wow. I'm sitting here talking to a radio show and Jeff Cohen made the bad mistake. Sitting in her eating right in front of me across the table. I have a nice little lunch here. I'm see. I take all the crap. I'm being an observant due today. I'm eating no bread, which I don't need to bread anyway. Because I can't. I'm eating. Mots of pizza and mozzarella. And this. And this. Jew. With his long hair and his. He's got the star. David. I never even figured out today. And he's eating garlic rolls. They are the best in the world. By the way, the pizza lost. But. But. There's something in there about. But. Yeah, for business from monkey business, which you should know plenty about. Okay. 560 50560 pound five 60 on the old AT&T wireless line. He's eating garlic rolls. Boys and girls. Oh, that's calling as eating. Oh, he's going straight to hell. Oh. Here's a mobile and four loader. Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. I do. I got the game last night. I'm going to have a look at the video. If you want to get a little more. I want to have a look at the location for one. I'm probably going to see me. I'm a juice. Here's another juice. Oh, thank God that I wasn't the only. That went there and had my priorities. You know what I think we need more than anything is. We need more juice on the team. Exactly. We got rid of numerosity. Look what happened to us. Exactly. I got a. I got a good place for you to get some. I got one more thing. I know what I'm in. I'm looking for a new place to live. Maybe sunrise lakes sunrise. Phase 123 and four. Okay. Okay. I'll pass it. Thank you. I was really on that show this. Was he really on there participating in that fraud. The strong is credibility. Here's a man. I good friend Hank whose work 97 years to build up his credibility. Not just here, but all over the country at ESPN in a sports market. And he gets sucked into participating in one of the most bogus. Well, anyone. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50 on the 18th, he wireless line. He's dipping. He's eating garlic rolls dripping with garlic and dipping it into a schmutz in there. He need to pray for it on pace off. Jesus Christ even I'm upset about this. I'm so upset and good go home and have a cheeseburger. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yes sir. Section 121. Another Joe. Oh. A rainbow. We can't win a face off. Yeah. Save our life. See, I think we couldn't win an important face off, but you know something that we can't even win an important face off. And how come they never call pie now? After half of the day. They did call one last night because he wanted to keep the same. We only had like, you know, three or four guys that can score. So we want to keep the same guys out there for the rest of the power play. And then everybody left. Everybody left. Everybody left. Between the second and the third. We were walking around. Yeah. Everybody. Everybody. Well, you got to understand. You must have seen as well as I saw that these were not the regular people last night. Nobody, the news were just, you know, somebody gave you some pictures. They showed up for a little while. I said, oh, this is pretty boring. Let's go, you know. That was it. So let's get rid of the path of the troll. Ready. After the cleaning. I used to the path of the troll. I used to. Yeah. But then the crowd will be down to 3000 the gamer. You couldn't me. Yeah. That's the only high emotion is the panther patrol. And when they do the Puckshuff. I'll up on the scoreboard. And I asked. Remember by the way about that. It would be a good idea. It's with the bad eyebrows. They put up on the scoreboard between periods. I said, what's with this pretty idea? And we're just going to say, these are an asshole. And let's get rid of dual marfi. Doing the in between. Who? Dual marfi from big one. Oh, yeah. That guy. The whole animal. The worst. We can get rid of him. But I want now they look a dead man like Chris Reed. And we want Aaron for Hillback. Absolutely. Oh, and that brought last night. I'm going to tell you something. And talk about embarrassing. The only emotion I ever saw from from. And what was that about? No, no, seriously. The only emotion I ever saw from Terry Murray. You know, she was in the middle of the national anthem. And I looked down and like even the players were shocked. Terry Murray looks down at her and says, look at the son of a blonde man. And I just about died. You can hear it all the way up. I was cone. Huh? Did you see your name or name was cone? She was a joke. Yeah, yeah. We had a Jewish thing in with a nose with the Jewish nose. I'm a wife. I was on pal. Thank you. Easy. 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T world. I guess we exhausted all the Jews that were the game last night. And he interested in that the bogus thing this morning. See there's no crossover. There's absolutely no cross to bear on this show because there's no crossover from that bogus morning show. I would like to find out. And believe me, when I do find out who's brain child that idea was this morning, I will be the fur, I'll hold a press conference to announce it. When I find out who came up with an idiotic idea to destroy whatever little credibility they had left on your dolphin station. Ah! A little bird just whispered. I can't tell you who and I wouldn't anyway. I had the answer to who came up with that bogus idea this morning. Ever heard of your old expression, fat head? Uh-huh. Bring any bells with you? Yes. Boy, you talk about pathetic. You talk about tragic. And even after I had agreed with him, you know, a couple of things he said the other day about the quality of health care that some of these players are getting. We have to be suspect and start looking into it because they're not ever coming back. I thought that the little dog was turning the corner. And all of a sudden he took a turn for the worst. Huh? Joe Rose. Joe Rose. Number 80. The former tight end. With the Miami dolphins, with your Miami dolphins this morning comes on here and says, I like the wee wee. Yeah. And makes a total con of them. So it comes up with his cock and many ideas. Of course, default being the whip that he is who go along with just about anything because he's like a feathery in the breeze. Like a finesse of the breeze. You know, he goes along. She's like, yeah. Okay. Whatever you say, Joe. Fat head. Joe Rose, a man who we thought was finally making some progress. Okay. And if you want to talk to a tight end that really knows how to be a broadcaster. Got a sense of humor. I'll tell you one guy. Yeah. He'll be on 530 to 7 today because Hank's being Jewish after, you know, after 530 comes. What? What do you, what do you do? Drooling and burping and puke and and. What? What's the big deal? So go to the pizza loft. Okay. This weekend today tomorrow. And how long do you do this thing, by the way? For the humus. Till Passover's over. So we got another week. Till it's over. Till he can milk it for all. And get it. Good stuff. It really is. 560, 750, 50 pound and he doesn't touch it. Don't forget. Pound 560 on the AT&T. Wireless one. Kiss my rear end. Hey. Sounds like you. Put on my knee. And I think they're really great. I doubt that you can't handle one or two. Much less than all eight. Eight. Sound that you hate. Come in from the boys. They will surely step away. I tell you what they are. Karen, see you. Yeah. I like finger nails on a blackboard. What do you expect their next door? They're nothing. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Blackboard. When I rough die, we're both together. That just made me choke. Eight. Sound you can't stand. Would you could tolerate it, if you were. I hit the man I am. And to the lint of it. A four- and a knife. Grape being on a plate. Grape being on a plate. He's one I really love. You might want to try it. Give me feedback in my headphones. I am that more like it. Little more, little more, little more. Yeah! Hey, sound so unique. Now let's review so you can really, really free. Figure now, sign up for it. Let's see if we'll back the neck or the knuckle. From a styrofoam together. Corsid makes me just like when you see your dyno gym floor. Waiting in a movement of window. When I get into drilling my mowery, that makes me say, I think no, my voice in and on a record. You take the whole non-fine China. It's the same to view the shivers. That makes you a winner. Hey, you go nuts and someone fights their fort like this. Who's I love it? Here, I'll do it again. Do you have a nervous system left? No. How about the squeegee wiping window while I back my neck? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. So are you with the fruit? Oh wait, I got one more. I got a total of four or five sixty. WKOM got hanged from two to the worst hang today. By the way, today is Thursday. Hanks in the studio till five thirty. I'm sure he'll be apologizing for being sucked into that grow test in this morning. That was Joe Rose's idea by the way. Oh, I should have known. A fat head like him. I done next job like him. I'd come up with a bogus. I don't like that. Man. And then five thirty seven. We got mad dog man. It's hot. When you do when he tells you something, you can take it to the bank and make it a positive. And then we got the a panther pregame. The panther's at the caps that I didn't wish it that. Oh, I'm sure there's not. And with pretty good reason too. Burzing. 560560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. I don't know, but. I don't know. Whatever. Many boring. Other pope. Two things that now he's gone. Or Joe says, once in the stop, the bombing or Easter. Right? Say what? He wants them to stop the bomb and go east or he goes you're going to go water to poke the poke. Yeah. Yeah. So that when he got the motor off, now I think you can do anything but there's that course not going to. So I would be drop a little one on the Vatican too. I just a new drunk by me to want to mess up all that good dark. That would improve that really well and kill all his little porn little porn. There's a small poll. No polluted anyway. Okay. Well, have another one for us. Happy pace off. She's drinking. She's drinking right off the bat. That's the drunken bitch. Yes. Yeah. I did see the question mark. Oh, I love her. She's great for, you know, a few last for about 30 seconds. 5 6 7 0 5 60. She calls like that or fine. We like to talk in the drunks. She drunks. And pound five 60 on a mobile one line. What's wrong with that? I like, you know, speaking of cheap drugs. Here. Don't take it personally. Jeff just because it's true. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Well, here's somebody to gas station. Is that what that is? Mobile in Miami to get a X on going once going twice. Hello. Yes, sir. I don't know. I was waiting to get online with you. You hit everything right on the nose every time you speak. I was at the pants again the other day with the ranges. I was in section one. What a beautiful effort. That was. I was in section one 12. Four rows off the ice. Let me tell you besides the fact that the pants can't play hockey. The fans had only been a hockey game going on. That's right. It was so quiet when the game started. I thought I was at a funeral. Not one bit of a motion from the, this is a big rivalry now. You know, they're going to have a correct. That's right. It was nothing going on. These people did not know hockey games going on. They should be the shame of themselves. I'm a range of men. I was wearing a range of turns. You know, I was down the state. These fans do not deserve hockey down here. They should just sit home, stay home and just watch it on TV. It's the stuff. Okay. I just want to go in the end. By the way, yeah. You're good. You're great. Don't take your a pro personal. Your team sucks too. You do know that. I think all that. Okay. I'm going anywhere near there. Okay. Happy. A forum. Happy pass over to you. See. Happy circus. Yeah. There was a kid with a kid came by last night with a cross on. He says a happy poem or whatever he said. I should have said, yeah, happy fourth of a good Friday two, two. All these silly holidays, man. I can't believe all you people that shine this last night. I cannot believe it. I'm serious. I thought there was going to be a poem in the lights. We're never going to come on. I thought they were going to play the game in the dark, which quite frankly, they might as well have last night. Cochision the dark. We'll see a Terry. I think it's going to be good by the BN and good by the TM at the end of this year. Play a lowly team like the freaking islanders who don't even show up. Let me say it again. They did they barely even got off the team bus. That's how uninvolved and disinterested they were in the proceedings in the macaroon the last night. They were just basically saying, here take all the shots you want. Go ahead. Have a good time. We don't give a crap. And we didn't have a lot of shots. But of course, most of them are not real scoring chances. And many, many of them, a lot of them. And we got Victor who wouldn't shoot it if they give them a goddamn oozy. And then we let him tie it up. Thanks to that bad bad play. It's sent a rice by the big black guy named Peter. Nice going air, Peter. And the tie up. I was like, hey, guess what? These guys want to stand again. We have a one and so goddamn long. That's the hell. They did. Nice going, Terry. Anyway, he will Rogers guy. And now we see the president getting ready to deliver his address. He's in the oval office with the gold rates behind him. And he is preparing to address the American people. New music plays. Mothel old arrogance. I have deployed our forces to put up a fight in a place called Kosovo outside of Albania. Where all the guys the G Moderation do a job, come put it up, he do a job Look,ups,croakes are known. Try to sing his music, but don't listen if scene, you that bitch can's in these gloaned hands and I just told him you will because Er  they are Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Herzegovania, Serbia, Pristina, Adriatic, C.I.S. The Acossovo, that's where I told NATO to point our planes and go. And I laid some bell-grade answer, yeah, you won. And you go, Maltun, they grow. And my god bless them, there. For 14 at 5.60, WQAM. So a few minutes ago, evidently, right about the stochonune. Over the inner com, somebody played yesterday's a little song to the inside, is he about this great club about the inner circle here? I think it was earlier than that. Was it earlier? Oh, good, I hope so. I hope, I hope before some people ran out of here for lunch. Whoever did it, God bless you. Thank you. About the little inner circle of Gregory, the personal buddies, and all these little ass-looking memos about the employee of the month that was a good friend and a good person. And we only fired him 25 times. And we kept bringing him back and giving him a promotion and a title every time it came back because nobody else would hire him on a bet. You know, guess what? We're just here to do a job, Brett. We're not here to smooth. We're not here to be part of your little inner circle. We're not here to look at the naked pictures. We're not here to hang out with. Roll! All right, any of the other folks. Okay, we're just here to do a job. I know that's revolutionary. And my next thing I have something to do with broadcasting. But that's the language we speak. You got it? No. Didn't think so. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a lady in West Palm Beach, Ella. Lady in West Palm. Again, 26 minutes, 13 seconds, she's gone. She's lines don't disconnect, like way back. Now we've gone back what? 15 times. For the same person, there are dotos over there. The same people. They put the phone down. They walk away. They're ready. So in other words, you're saying this broad and West Palm is the stick in the phone down. That's fucking bitch. And maybe she's got it in her room. That's the problem. Maybe she's got an inner rear problem. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. We're talking. Isn't this amazing? Even after all the stuff that we've gone through on this show, they should be a real fly opener for everybody. If you could have seen the hysteria that was going on when I first sat down here this morning. One of them's ago. They put me on a year. Over this, Joe Rose prank that they pulled about to make believe Dolphin trade that all these macho sports fags got sucked into this morning about trading richmen with and curing that dual jibbar, head dead marino and deadly Johnson and the water Voice for the 80-fifth round traffic or some stupid thing. I asked. Is anybody got anything? Did they think it was funny? Did they pissed off? Did they think it was a... Did we had one call about that? No. No. I'm talking about on a year. We had 72,645 calls. We kept track off the air from people going, but like that. Is it true? Yeah. Everyone I'm calling saying, Eeehh. Like that. What are you looking for, Brian? Look at you. Huh? He's, uh, he's out in the hallway. He's banging somebody in the hall. Not one call did we have an issue about that? Speak now or forever hold your piece, okay? If there's anybody who heard that stuff this morning, because otherwise I'm convinced there may have been a little cross over like a year ago. Between the morning show and this one. Now I would say it's the big, none. None. Ever seen the big none? Wow. I don't have a cheese God. 567. 560. Pond 560. On a mobile one line. Here's Miramar. Hello Neil. Yes. Neil. I had a true radio action in this morning. Yeah. I happened to be tuning over again ready for your show. And heard the, the sisteria. And you know, I thought it first, you know, this is April Fool's Jaddiah, but when Hank came on, Hank didn't really come on there, didn't he? Hey Neil did a man with sports credibility like nobody else. I know in America who broke the Jimmy Johnson story all over the planet. All over the world. This man came on and participated in a hoax this morning. I mean, say, that was what you're telling me sir. Let me say Neil. That was fun. Hank's voice came on and said that he can voice. He confirmed it. Yeah. Either either A, if they did use his voice. If I don't think sounds like George. I would be pissed. You know who this sounds like? So you. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 60 on a mobile one line. That was one of the, wasn't that I can't even tell him a part anymore. Maybe it wasn't. If you're not one of those assholes, I apologize sir. But for somebody to come on here and tell me that Hank would participate on man like I said, I know Hank's got a good sense of humor. So do I. That's the reason we survived in his business. But to participate in such a fraudulent thing, the dolphins. I mean, next to this show. Next to the Neil Rodgers show, the dolphins are the mark key of this radio station. That's what Sam just told me. By the way, how is that if you've only heard from him yet? George? No. So he must be doing some business out there at the Shell Station. Well, I haven't promoted again because we've been busy. We've done it. We've done it. It's a, it says from noon till whatever. I don't think, I'll even leave us soon enough because he was eating the free food. That's right. I saw him in there. Well, maybe the free food will improve his personality. We don't want to hear anymore knocks to Chris Reed. Okay. We like Chris Reed. There's not too many people in the building. We like all that much. But he's one of me's a good guy. The fact that he's got a boring bland personality, he can't help it. That he's part of the read family. That he's, you know, that he was born in such a dull family. He's just getting there right now. He's just getting there right now. So now's the good time. We want those free tickets. Marlins games, Marlins and Metz. H&R Block Knight. Then the QAM fan, look forward to the Shell Station right there at Broward University on the Northeast Corning and Awareness, right across from the convenience store with the plantation cops to make the coffee 24 hours a day. And right next to that vet, I used to go to until, okay, where is a mobile in their field B. Chillow? Neil. Yes, sir. I was wondering, well, I know you didn't, but I was watching your buddy Larry King the other night. And he had on this, the foreign minister. You go slimy and foreign minister. And this guy is just too dumb to play dumb. He was talking about this. Yeah. He was talking about the whole crisis. And he was calling, he was blaming NATO for committing crimes against humanity by an out of New York. Yeah. I mean, what is wrong with these people? Sir, anybody that's going to knock, what is going on over there? Anybody that's sighting with these scumbags, serves as far as I'm concerned, they need to be put in a center camp. We're watching. You were watching these pictures of these tragic poor people walking with like a blanket or a coat or like a little kid with a teddy bear under their own. That's their whole life. That's all they got left. And you know, this business ethnic cleansing, the word is slaughter. They're slaughtering their barbarians, their butchers. There was more. This guy was also denying that the servings. And what was Larry saying? Well, he says to that. Probably, yeah. Yeah. Larry was, you know, talking anything controversial. Fucking around. Yeah. So you got a screw on, pal. And I have to whatever, happy you, whatever you're celebrating. Happy did like God damn savings time. I want to hear from some non-observing Jews out there who are sick and tired of all this stuff that are whole lives have to be interrupted. I mean, this is one of those, see, Tonica passed over eight day deal we got here now. See, another eight day deal. Jews know how to do it, right? We don't do a holiday for like one day. Most of the holidays. I mean, you don't care for only one day because you want to fast-arate days. But the really good ones, we do multiple days. Jewish women, they don't do it. They don't even do single, much less multiple orgasms. But multiple days for holidays. More days for Jeff to sell it. It's good stuff, by the way. Great stuff. And all the go-im. All the go-im are loving it too, by the way, in this building. Well, I wish I could be here tomorrow to see all the people that are going to show up for a good Friday. Can't make it though. Do you not listen? Anybody thinks that I should be working on good Friday? I say screw ya. Okay. I can't look like I'm a good Catholic boy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I've been in a Catholic church. In fact, I was working in, what station was it in? WALM and LB and Michigan. A million years ago, 1973. So, I was, 70's. They're 63. No, they were 65. 1965 or WALM and LB and Michigan. And on the weekend, I used to have to go. I'm pretty sure that was the station. Go to the Catholic church. We used to carry the church service and set up the equipment there. Turn on the amplifiers and, you know, so I used to have to sit there and sit for a Catholic service. Did you take communion? And I used to watch them alter boys. And used to kind of get me, they've all packed in the church. Or I was a little bit. Did you go get on your knees and open your mouth? No, they were on your knees where they're mouth opened. Here's the lady mobile and coral springs, hello. Hello. Yes, man. I love you, Neil. Of course. And I first thing I want to tell you is I'm Jewish and I was at the hockey game last night. Oh, great. Did you see Criss-Files skating with a two-two-one last night? What was he doing out there so much over and over? It was like Terry Murray was punching us with him. He's a jerk. Yeah. Couldn't stand them. But you know what I'm saying? I don't know about you. But you're shot like some stupid, any other guy. Right. That's right. Anyway, and the other thing I wanted to tell you is we were so relieved to see you at the hockey game last night. Why is that? When we were going there, we passed a really bad car wreck and it was a Corvette bear. Not mine. And I know. Thank God. What color was it? You know, it was pretty dark. It looked like a dark color. We couldn't see it either. But it was nasty and it was a pile up. But we were very relieved that you were there. We were watching. It was right on the, it was also the Oakland Park's dog rest exit and right around the corner from the entrance to the parking lot. It was really bad. Really bad. Not this kid. Thank God. I get their nice and early. I was the only one in there. Me and the usher. There was nobody else in there. It was darker with Finster. Yeah, I know. And I had my mosa and Elijah said it was okay to go. We were there. Okay, great. And the other thing too, I heard you say that the Mari brothers are like maybe toast at the end of this year. But that is your way. It's wishful thinking. I'm just crying. Yeah. I'm not a good one. I'm not a good one. I'm just crying. I'm just spending all good Friday and church tomorrow with my cat like friend praying. So we can say good bye to the Mari brothers. I don't want to say any. He'll shut, don't go away, man. Just go away, boys. You got it. Okay. And how do you like that Wilson? He got a bill rang, huh? Well, that was that was scary. That was very scary. More Mike Wilson. We just got him. He's a good kid. He's playing good for us. And this kid got a hit there. It's, it was a clean hit. But he didn't see it coming in boy. He went down in a heap. I mean, he got, he got just knocked out cool. And you always just told your breath when you see that. He finally got up. He'll be okay. Secondary weekend. And one last thing I'll leave you with. My husband taped your show three day off the radio. And we have for the last four years. And we have all your tapes. And we listen to them in our car whenever we take long trips and we love you. Oh, God bless you sweetheart. Have a happy day. Happy Shibors. Thank you. Bye. Bye. 1225. Joe Rose was the one that came up with a bonehead idea to take away the credibility from the warning show this morning. I say a pox. So, okay, epoxy on you, man. I like Joe. He's a good guy, but man this time. This time you went down to wrong road. Okay. I think that doctor over there maybe he's got a pointer to about you. In fact, that wouldn't be surprising if doctor were a tyrant, even though he's not a brain surgeon, might want to do a little of bottoming on Joe Rose after what I read in the paper this morning. A little exploratory surgery in there to see if there's anything on the inside. Think there is? No. No. Come up with some bogus half-ass. And you see, the reason we're not hearing from these, they're listening. These sports bags. They're listening. Some bears because they got sucked in. They got sucked in by the worst team this morning. How do you like that? How much are they like it? Well, that's just a florist and the little dog with a big fat head. Cut. He didn't wait to meet this morning though. I walked by there and the car went to take a leak and I walked by. Hey, that was Joe on the phone. He was probably cooking up the next fully guest to call in. But please don't tell me that's a hump or that might good near friend, hey, Goldberg. Stop it, man. I mean, who is so this man? Of course he gets stuff wrong. The real car thing was funny. He didn't think so. But it was funny because it's, and the reason it was funny was because Hank is the one guy who usually knows this stuff. That's why it was funny because it was so unusual. But a man who is so meticulous about being on top of this stuff and not being just another BS artist like Barry Jackass and the morning guys and all these have that fat fat body. Guys that talk a lot don't have any sources. Don't know what they're talking about. A man who is so scrupulous about his reputation as being the sports navin who can drop more names than a half a minute than you will in the lifetime. And they suck him into participating in this fraud on his goddamn radio. 12.27 and 5.60 WQAN. Great shoes to pit right at great prices. Again, I'm talking to you about Brandy shoes of Pompano. You know, I'm still walking around with these silly sandals on because of that little tiny booble on my big toe. It's not a big deal. It's healing fine. But when you're diabetic man, if you wear a suit and I made a mistake, my fault two weekends ago, I put on a pair of shoes, old shoes. They weren't fitting me right there when I irritated my feet. And next thing, you know, I look at my toe and I got to like a bloody toe. I stubbed it and the toe too. I've had the feeling this a long time. Now, here's Larry Jack. Rome, get a little in for Marilyn Glyll. Hello. Larry, I got to say that you look great in that mini skirt and leather bushy. Thank you. Are you wearing any underwear? Uh, no. Who well, it's very provocative. You ain't seen nothing yet. Oh, my God. Have you ever seen anything like this? That was a little bit of a leash on that thing and take it for a walk. All right, keep alive. Considuous. Followed by world views after this local commercial break. Next. See you. And. Property to a five 60 WQA. A couple of lines, five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 animal. Well, well, one line. Thanks again to how Jeff Cohen for bringing us by great lunch. How do you like that? Here's the heavens sitting here eating great stuff. Mozzarella pizza and mozzarella. I mean, anybody could sit there eating that crap out of a box that cardboard with butter and salt on it. I'm doing the good stuff and these people out there, they're holy of the night. I didn't go to the game last night. Nice going. Here's a mobile and cruel spring, so hello. Welcome to you. Yes, sir. I was standing here in shame. I was one of the sports morons that fell into Joe Rose's charade. Uh-huh. Well, I would like to know where all these other people are that got sucked into that and our pissed off about it or maybe there might even be somebody out there who thought it was funny, which I did not. No, but I mean, it had, you know, questions and then the hammer came on and confirmed it with his sources. He really was on a made up stories about sources. He came on and said he spoke to John Clayton from ESPN who does other football inside the huddle and said that he, you know, he could confirm the trade. He got a little shaky when they interviewed supposedly Charlie Cashley, the general manager of the Redskins. Yeah. That didn't sense, but I fell right into it. What in the bear? What in the bear? What in the bear? I don't know. What in the bear? I don't know who the bear is. I think you're a jerk. Me for believing in or do for doing it. Pretty much both. Yeah. But, you know, there's a ghost, I think that's the ultimate act of desperation. You know, I'm going to show that maybe I'm wrong about guilty. Maybe those two guys can't do the show without him there. I mean, basically they're my sports. I mean, that's where I get my sports those days with my work schedule. That's only people I listen to and the statement. If I tune into tomorrow, come to work if I work on our Monday morning and they tell me the Dan Marino just broke his thumb. I'm not going to believe him. No. The next time my turn on QAM will not be until 10 o'clock. Thanks, Uncle. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Who? Who? That was a shot. Bad judgment man. It's, you know, one of those risk you take, but boy, that was, I think, a real, real bad judgment. You can kiss my rear end. Yeah. What a suck up job that was. 560, 50560, pound five 60, unimobile one line. Here's a pump and a hello. Anybody with a head dead big you think there'd be something inside? Yes sir. I don't like that. You don't do that with people's minds. Maybe think that somebody's going here and someone's going there. Yeah. I mean, Jeff, he must have been going to trailer park. The best trailer trash mentality. Right. Real. I mean, I don't like it at all. I mean, I'm sure everybody else that I woke up this morning. Are you pissed off and fired up about it? Good. That's what I want out of here. I don't want to hear the truth. I don't want people be there on a bush. Not fair. Well, I apologize to you. I'd be half of this radio station as marginalized as it is. I apologize. Where's my bumper sticker? I said, five 60, q a m for my car. I want something. Somebody. The station's going crazy. What's up? I mean, come on. Not, not getting carried away. Get out of here. This guy thinks we're making bumper sticker. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, 60 on the mobile one line. You'll see the bumper sticker. As soon as you see the billboards that say, if you hear it here on q a m, you know, it's a bunch of crats. As you heard this morning, it's a pile of manure. Where are we going? What does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? Waiting. Are you waiting? Me, oh. Yes, sir. Yes. Yes. I will cross over. I heard it this morning, but I knew it was jive because of Richmond web. It was five million a year. Yes, I know. Okay. But anyway, thanks. Anyway, it was great. That's okay. I'm glad it was good for you, sir. Or man or whatever. I think that was it. I think that might have been the thing. The thing, Junior. That's story. We were here. Oh, yeah. We've heard so many good stories the last few days about this place. And then my nice chat I had with with the good old trouser trout. And especially my close friend Linda at the hockey game last night. I love your Linda. You know, she walked up to me. I was sitting there and you know, I should have gotten up and given her a kiss or something. And I was just so shocked to see. You know what I mean? Kind of like today that crystal things I shine to read borders that day because I was talking to somebody else and she ate me like poison through her just why she doesn't. Yes, she does. She loves you. No, she does not. She hates me. Yes, she loves the car. Hates me. She thinks I'm a prick. She knows your sweetheart. No, no, she doesn't. You're a butter muffin. And even a little subrena that I mean, I'm talking to some people. I mean, see, you think I'm not a sensitive person. Then you're right. I couldn't hear us. But it sounds good. See, I want to hear what Tommy had to say. He's probably giving us some good crap. What's Tommy telling? Nothing. Oh, it's not stuff. Yeah, right. Like me story. By the way, it was nice. A fat boy to come here and tell us that was your rose that came up with that stupid idea. 560, 5050, 50, 50, 50 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, okay. I'm glad you're here. Great. The last time I spoke to you, I was rating about Barcelona and you were rating about Amsterdam. I'm sorry. Yeah, when I'm not carrying on the same subject, obviously, that you just talked about. Hey, we're talking about whatever you want, sir. Yeah, you guys. Whatever you would like to talk about, we don't have to talk about dumb sports crap all day. I hate sports crap. Okay. I understand. I'm tired of these sports nerds that have no lives. They don't know what the real world is all about. Think that Richmond and his wicked Web is important or something. Who cares? I don't even know what he was saying. I don't have time to answer. And they have a set of Richmond. Well, let me tell you my impressions and answers. Yes. My impressions are it's like a big college town. It's... Look, you may have a great time when you go there, but I'll tell you something. I went there for the money three months. Put the money and rent. and ran. You stay in that town too long. You'll become a skeleton drug addict. No, you won't. Oh yeah. It's a sick place. No, no, no. What do you mean become a skeleton drug addict? What does that mean? Well, I mean, you just, you know, it's got the lead. Sure, I want to tell you. The lead drugs that are available there is the e-legal drugs that are available there. So they're not available here? No, of course they are. I mean, so how come you're not running down in the overtime bank right now by crack open? How could you say that? I've been Amsterdam 50 or 60 times and I don't do any drugs. I couldn't care. Let the friends of me that those parts come up to me. Those rastigas, crock, coke, you know, I don't like that. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You know, in Amsterdam it's very civilized. You know, you have your guy. He comes. He delivers whatever. You know, I mean, it's not like overtime. It's nothing like that. We're talking here about people who make substantial amounts. I would like with all the respect. How many times you've been there? That's the only time. I'm sorry. That's the only time you've been there? Oh, no. I've been there for three or four times. Well, why if it's so bad, why do you keep going? Well, usually it's business. Oh, usually it's business. Listen, listen, this is one for the ad. There is no doubt about that. Because the overwhelming majority of people I see in Amsterdam are doing any drugs. Most of the people are smoking pot and hash are in the bars and cafes. And the people are doing the illegal stuff. They're not doing it except for the pedaling of it. They're not doing it on the street. They're in their private party. So what difference is it who cares? Well, I'm just my impression was that if you stay there for a long period of time, you're really... So that's the way I can live there tomorrow. For my mouth, the god deers, I could move there tomorrow and I guarantee you I would never become... He's gallant or otherwise. I have no interest in drugs. You didn't... Well, you didn't find it that it's a very small town. I mean, it's like... I mean, the culture quotient is a skill of 1 to 10. It's about a 2. That's not true. The culture quotient. There's more culture in the Ant-Frank museum than there is an all-as-style florida. Oh, well there you go. Okay, well I can't watch alone. I get out of here. Well, what is this guy? If you didn't like it though, don't go there. That's all. Don't go there. Boy, the culture level. They got museums. They got art. They got the glass bottom. Both of you can see the murky dirty water in the canal. Whatever you want, they got it there. It's a great place. It's a fun place to go. This guy don't like having fun. He's a busy... Doing his crack cocaine, okay? 24, 1, it's 5, 60, WCQA. And you know, we ate at Pizza Lobs. Boy, I'm serious. Am I going to make it till 2 before... Oh boy. Let's get caught dead caple on the hotline. See what the god's alright. I'm dead. No, that's so I'm working my way out of you by the 4 seasons. I thought we were the SP and the magazine's John Quayton. And he confirmed it. Why are you airing shit like this? Five hits. And I'm weak. It fills me up for the pizza seat. Like that bomb here I go with him. A cup of punch. He's 61, a snack. And then I'll lie down. I'm going to take him down. And then I'll get up and I'll make the drag. A couple of toasts. And the fun is coming back. I get a grill on our roll that way. I'll cook up a favor for the deal you see. Oh, Jerry. The fixer cash and a sill you will hit it till 2. There's a hole up on his goal to fit. Oh, I'm going to hate to take that spirit there. My back for it just was not only those. With the elite gold grass, gold. And this would stop that little golf thing. Come on. Yeah, I'm going to tell you. You can't spend more than five seconds. And I'm staying up and coming like, what was the term you used? They what drug addict skinny skinny antlers drug addict. I mean, how do you spend more than five minutes in Miami? If being around a place where drugs are available is what makes you a drug addict. Why do you ever have to leave Miami? Do you have to leave? No. What an idiotic piece of illogic that is. So for whatever reason, if this guy don't like it there, fine. He's entitled. We can live without him. But I mean, to be reaching for reasons that you don't like a place, that's just astonishing to me. But what do I know? What does a smuck like me know? I know we got plenty of open lines. We got an hour to quarter to kill here. 567.0560. Palm 560 on the mobile one line. Jews have abandoned us because it's more important to touch gear around with a matcha. And with a horse radish and with a little parsley and a salt water and touch gear, my what all these things. I'm a small fatate as they can come back to me anytime and I'll still be here. Right? No. Here's a mobile and four-loader nail. Hello. Hey, Dale. Yes sir. Hey, listen, I tell you what, that's your favorite voice of reason. As far as those two jerks this morning. Yes. Talk about bad days. I've got damn pissed off. Good. This whole community, we're not even on a 90-year-old with that pop face this was. And then do something like this. What a bunch of jerk. God dammit. Right. I'm really surprised. They're acting to the end of this. Yeah. I don't understand that video. I mean, we just got that take there and just played it. But even I had to be bogus. Somebody must have been doing hangs voice. There's no way that a man who cares about integrity and credibility and being on top of the sports world, which I know is one of the most important things thanks. There's no way a guy like that participates in a bogus of dumb April Fool's stunt like that. And listen, I want to thank Joe and Deepfaw for making my 13-year-old son cry. Okay. God bless you, sir. And I got it lost 300 bucks. Sounds like good fodder for a bunch of lawsuits. By the way, Joe Rose, that's the guy you want to be soon. Okay. He was the one. He was the root of all evil this morning. That's what happens when you put a bunch of thick-headed jokes with a big big skull on, you know, put him on the ear. And we were going to pay Warrant's for Marty 80 grand a year. We're going to do a pre-game show in Taka, BooBoney, he's before ball games. Then nobody listens to it anyway. Maybe he's joining the inner circle, Warrens for Marty for all we know. Maybe he's real tight with the screw-in and, uh, roll. I told him that it was other folks in the back there on the other side of the building. I think it's really interesting that if you could see the way we are here, another we're on the third floor. But there is definitely a great divide between the QAM studios, including this one, all on the one side of a certain wall. And then all those people, the whole, I mean, not everybody over there is part of that group, but, but, all of these things. All of the other side, the water, not the, the big shot, the big cheese with the bad haircut. All, all those people screw-in. Also, I was thinking to the person in question who actually has this Knickers bar. Yes, about that story. Yes, to confirm it. She apparently had no idea how he would sense it. But he was, he was going into the wall. She's gone with his key. Jeff, hi. Right. Back boy. We don't want to tell this to anyone who's son who's nice kid, by the way, who's in town from school. Did he go in here this morning? I know we don't want to talk about that. I know because Jeff, unfortunately, see when mommy and daddy eat a lot, then the kids tend to eat a lot too. You know? And it's very, it's sad. But his kid seems like a nice kid. So I sure hope that he isn't here that daddy is so compulsive with his eating. That he's swiping Snickers bars out of the sales office and using his pass key to, to a smuggler's way in there to steal the power. It's not even a QAM thing. He don't work for power 96. He's going over there at Steela Power 96. He's going over there at Steela Power 96. Huh? I'm a Snicker ring just thinking about it. Don't get excited, Ryerson. Here's a mobile and pop at OB, Chilla. I think if you get that dentist to go to that Joe Rose, take that quarter inch gap to seek stuck in there, they can write up this, you know why? Correct, um, well, I heard off. All right. And I'd say that was Hank. No. I'd say another thing about your buddy Hank. Yeah. Wow. Me highly, Award track. Hail never go back there. Yeah. It even is, g timeline. It's got a one, min to pose. Thanks. Yeah. It's undecl Adv. These coins got a final roof. It has a pretty, four inch glass bondage. I was a kid in boxes. Normally, dining in cheap. peys, but when theyognize to owning money and bananas, they're tender. things keep everybody in line but he goes out of town for a few days near everybody's going nuts. By the way there's stuff. No I'm not going to be here tomorrow. Sam will tell them. Why does it? You have better call them up and let them know. Sam will tell them. See, all I'd buy the way. Do you remember the I forgot to mention this on here? Remember I talked a couple of days ago? I did not make it up about how we got build for direct TV for like 83 bucks because the bill they thought was passed. Well, come to find out amazingly enough because this place that they ever do pay a bill. It's a miracle. So it's like a boy who cried. We'll story where they do pay one. But evidently there was confusion because your name in my name was on a one bill and then they had the station but they had evidently paid it a couple months ago. So guess who came in Monday to tell us the real story on that? Sam. You see because that was the day that Greg was home sick. You know after I called him on Friday here about the phones and he had to go home with a bad headache and his monofimally kicked in because he couldn't deal with face to face. Sam the sham. So in other words, when he's gone and Greg is gone, Sam is the general manager. Are you ready for that? Sam the sham runs the place. You just figured that out. No. But I never had the peckering order in line like that. But he's like the third pecker. Then if you would like another plug please. Why is that not getting business? There's no rules over there apparently. So he's not given away Marlon tickets. I can't believe it. Nobody's in the morning. Three tickets to the Marlon Zopinning Day game on Monday and Tuesday night, 18 hour block night. See the Marlon's in the meds five your taxes three from 18 hour block at the ballpark. You feel like why do they're there? Because 18 hour block will be doing that. And Chris Reed has got the WQM fan out there at the Shell gas station. University in Broward, Northeast corner plantation with three Marlon's tickets. And nobody wants them for crying out loud. Because there's no spik's up there. It's wrong with you people up there in my neck of the woods in plantation. Then we got a did a yesterday boy down there with a new Julio land and date County. And they snapped him up. He was gone in 20 minutes. Got to do a second plug on his today. And that was always a big location for us up there. And what? They have the new QA and bumper stickers there too. Yeah, right. They do. Well, is this another April Fool's joke you didn't see those? No. They're plastic. How big are they? Size of my computer size. They say WQM sports radio. They don't mention you. Well, wait a minute. WQM sports radio doesn't mention the arroggers. Do they have anything that mentions the arroggers? No. Anything that mentions that there's an entertaining show with big ratings on this station? No. Oh, there's one. They suck. They suck, Sam. Sports radio. That sucks. That blows. Look at the look on his face. And he thinks we're going to believe you serious. But what if it doesn't make? What we think? We don't count. So they can solve with us about anything. We don't even think like I said, we're a non-show anyway. We know he's just here. We're just here to make all the money so they can pay away. That's why we're here. They finally got bumper stickers. Are they bumper stickers that have anything to do? I mean, could they have somehow incorporated us into that? No. That's all right. Well, some of we'll scrape by any house. And don't worry about us. What's the one? Sam came up with that idea and probably posted through to he's in charge now. No Greg, no Duff, no screw in. Here's a mobile informyer. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. Don't people call all those sports shows. They need to get a light. That's right. Exactly. I couldn't have said it better myself. Yeah, I'm off and heard you say, that's just the home mentality is just unbelievable to me. But the main reason I'm calling is sports. Yeah. The reason now to turn on the radio first thing in the morning over here. Yes. I've been down for a day and a year on what station? 94.5. All right. Right. They're great. They are fabulous. I heard him up in Indianapolis and I was up there. They're a fan of your job. But yeah, they found great. I mean, all the time great morning shows in America, Bob and Tom, you got it. Yes, sir. And now we got a little competition for Howard over here. They they have a little bit blow Howard away. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No contest. Yes, sir. So I just want to call and let you know that. Congratulations, sir. Have a good one. And happy you. I'd say me time. You too. Bye. Okay. So anyway, I mentioned an F.U.O. is out there at the Shell Station University in Howard. So you know, but he wants to borrow them tickets. We tried given my personal pair of ways yesterday. We had a drawing and we had like five people that wanted the drawing. We took names for like an hour and a half and only five people wanted to be on the list for the drawing. They don't want them. I don't want to make John Henry feel bad. I'm also I have to. But hey, guess what, John? And let me say it again. Mad dog, you're absolutely wrong. You're a great guy. I respect you telling more than anybody in the world. You're a hysterical, you're a panic. Yeah, but oh, and by the way, I noticed how he's backtracking after Michigan made that great comeback and won the ball game. And he was doing it on a bow. Oh, Tommy Brady, they finally found a quarterback discidates for real. Now he's talking about Michigan quarterbacks. And he's like, you know, he finally admits, Tommy Brady was too pretty to be on a quarterback of Michigan. You know, you know, you know, like that. The real macho sports guys, they don't like pretty boys being quarterback like Tommy Brady. That's all right. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Wow, your fat ass is really comfortable. Wow, your fat ass is doing wonders for my bad bag. Why did you something useful with your fat ass? You're good to sleep on your fat ass all day. Then why not put it to use? And you know, end of my girlfriend sits on your fat ass too, do you? As one of America's newest ask questions, put your fat ass to use for the airline and turn a code sheet into comfort class. This is great by letting people sit on your fat ass. You'll be helping to improve people's days on the bus at the movie theater, even at the park. Mommy, your son is that ass with me. Put your fat ass to work today. Receive hourly wages, health benefits, and whole host call now and be proud to be a fat okay. It's 101 at 5.50. But you can't don't forget. Pistops gets me fired up when I hear someone they have audience in a friend. You got some good fases. By the way, here's one of those two Jeff Rose and Jeff DeFlorist. Phil Henry doesn't work at his market anymore. You don't have the town to do this. Okay. That's what it says. Also, here's one from Carol and who says, yes, the old hankster called it and said he would check with the SP and news and confirm the story and so on. So I'm very she was sucked in. And so are we, Carolyn? We're embarrassed that it took place on a otherwise marginal radio station. We're highly embarrassed and humiliated and degraded and desperate. Must be desperate. That morning show. Chris has gone. So in other words, you gave away the tickets. Let's see, we know Chris that you're just sucking around trying to make you make this feel bad. You know that just because we said you were boring. You are boring. You're a good guy. See, some people I never get enough. You're a good guy. Everybody here likes you. You're a great guy, but you're boring. You want us also to say you look great and you're like exciting. Huh? But he knows that. Right. So don't take it on me. Just because your buddy's shand is in there pounding now because of those really unbelievably ugly and unimaginative bumpers stickers. I mean, it takes quite a promotion department to come up with everything for this place. Looks exactly the same. The same blue background with ugly yellow letters. That's it. Nothing imaginative. Nobody's names, of course. God forbid. I mean, at least put the inner circle on there, put Gary Sarner, screw in, little water Nazi, Greg, great. Put the inner circle on there. The nephew, a Sam, somebody, something. Be said that same ugly meaningless nothing. Okay. We got the 56 minutes to go. Here. We got 1600. Line 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We did have the one call on Pacer. The key candy. Thank you. Sweetheart, the one nice Jewish lady called to explain that to us about the corn syrup. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Going once. Why is it maybe said line four? Could it be line four? Yeah, I didn't the line. Always seems to happen on it line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, that's about that episode this morning. Yes. You know, being aware that it's a single first day for fools to add figure those first scene we tried something. It was a joke. Soon as they said it, I knew it was a bunch of bull. But when Shank Goldberg, yes, on there, to verify that. Oh, that's when I automatically, I was telling my friend, so thank those who come on to tell his story, you know, this is a bunch of gold. And sure when he came on, we all had it. We all were hooked basically because he confirmed it. And you thought that the credibility that he has, which is he really is going on. That's the reason because Hank is the only one of that whole bunch that's got an credibility and for him to be willing to lower himself to that level because those guys are so desperate and join in and that facade in a good man. And I'll tell you what, when the respects for Hank is definitely dropped. Not just by me, but generally public. That listened to that. Yeah. Listen to him and think, you know, he usually has the right stories that can get them quick. What the heck was he doing getting in that in the middle of that's your right. Right. And I think you're right. It's just a bad joke. I don't know. Sometimes you may good judgment, sometimes make bad ones, but that was a bad mistake, Comfort. Yeah. And that's a huge urge back at you. Okay. What? What's your Steve? And he confirmed it. Five six seven. Oh five sixty. Pound five sixty. Yeah. Shoe Steve calling you to about Hank's credibility. Yeah. You're good. You even have credibility as a human being, Shoe Steve. What am I looking for? Oh, I know what I'm looking for. This is the wrong thing too. What is? What is? Oh, whatever you're looking for. It's in the thing. And you've been to several places for spring train. I know, but I remember I go back a long way to the when the Yankees first came down here and they had trained all those years in St. Puzberg and what a culture shock it was for them to leave St. Puzberg and come to Fort Loder with it. Which at that time was where spring break was happening. And St. Puzberg, you know, was happening there well because you've been to the spring training in that city. There was nothing there, right? Well, I was in Port Charlotte for five years. When you were with the, did you ever go to St. Puzberg? Nope. For spring training never did? Nope. No, but nine years before that, I was in Arizona. Yeah. Right with the giants. How is it coming over to the American League? You looking forward to it? They didn't in the American League for five years now. Yeah. So I'm not, uh, I'm not unfamiliar with it. I'm looking forward to just starting with an, uh, an interview. That was, it's been a stressful way for a, he'll be here in the studio in the building. So maybe he'll stop in for a minute and explain to us that it was somebody doing a voice. He couldn't, he would never. I know how too many years and one thing I know about him, his credibility on the sports stuff is like, that's it. That's the most important thing in the world in. He would never participate in some childish idiotic prank just to boost up the ego of fathead during the morning. So the deal is by the way, they won't let Chris read out of the parking lot there. The shelf station because they know he's holding back all his other Marlon tickets. Don't let him out of their guy. He's got him. He showed me at like 600 pair before he left here. Okay. Don't let him make up stories. Okay. That he's waiting for Cubans or whatever. Or that Sam told him to give away so many you will make sure you get your tickets before you leave that parking lot. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I was at Fairchild's tropical gardens on to there. Yeah. And I was walking. How do you been there? No. This time we're thinking I had to mix up all the silly stories. Yeah. Well, yes. Okay. 567560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T while the slides. You don't need to talk about eight months. Is that all it took? Just to be absolutely sure you would tell your little silly stories. Probably some old gray hair lady with a fish boot up a rasa. Is that what you're writing into at the wherever it was? Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Neil. Kind of those guys are boring. Those three little hooios. You there there. So boring. Yes, sir. First time long thing. All right. All right. Just what let's know about half a minute after you mentioned that Chris was at the guy taking you in the shell. Yeah. About tank cars pulled in and he was warning words. I'll ever just come from. I'll get into the business of your show. But I want to thank you. I've got one of these other bumpers figures. Right. No, no, no. When you agree with me that those are the most unimaginative boring, bland bumpers stick is not that I want to pull words to your mouth. But is it pretty boring? boring. I'm not going to put this on my car. Well, what is it? Say? It says, if I have 60s to sports, there it is. Sports radio 560 WCM. The same boring logo that we got and everything that this station has got, which isn't much. I mean, instead of coming up with something innovative or neat, they might say the worst team and Neil and Hankry else something just the same bland boring crap. That's same man. I was starting to move up in my eyes and now he just dropped 20 noxies. Yes, sir. We're all you're going to do space. All right. See you. See there was a million people over there and Sam, you know, same hurt me, not the bumpers stickers are ready to be called Chris on the short wave or whatever. Yeah, look at that. That is the crappiest looking thing. Maybe we have to like pencil our names in on there. Yeah, get a magic marker and put Neil Rogers Show 10 to 2. Hank Goldberg to the 6, the embarrassing show 6 to 10 in the morning. You'll fat head. Here's a mobile entantation. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, I was over there at the Shell Station. Yeah. I got a couple tickets to learn and say thanks. I got a beautiful bumpers sticker here with no imagination put into it. And on University and about district, front of them all there is about five plantation cops with the radar gun going. Let's just call the say thanks. Probably a combination passover and the good Friday greeting for from our plantation portrait. You're keeping all the Cuban away from that shell like I said good thinking. Okay, I have a great day, pal. Okay. We don't want, you know, we have a few who we all sticked in their plantation. Most of them are out there at the sawgrass and they're not really they're not Cuban. They're from Brazil. They're from Argentina. They're from Padaguay. They're from Peru. They're from hunger. They're from everywhere. Who are those people at the sawgrass? Does anybody know? No. Does anybody in the world? No. Who those people are? Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. I got a fact here. It says that wasn't really hacked. It was somebody doing hanks, boys. They've been working on this all morning long and they're trying to make him look bad and they're trying to make fat head look good and, etc. And default being the whip that he is, he just sat back and let Joe Rose overall run the whole deal this morning. Well, I talked with the SP and the magazine John Clayton and he confirmed it. That's don't sound like him to me. I'm a bat. He's a butt honey. All right, honey, baby. Get ready because you're about to be taken to heaven by your favorite lover. Oh, no, I'm not. What do you mean? Why not? You've got dandruff. I do not. Look, please not dare. Where you're at? Not at the end of again, Dan Harry. That's what you get for using regular ash shampoo. A crack full of suit and another night alone. What do I do? Try asking crack. From the makers of head and shoulders. As in crack is the miracle chore you've been looking for. Quick and easy. Wash, wipe your hand. Then go. Wow, your ass, the anger, it's gone. And it's now great too. Thanks, Captain Crack. That's in crack can be turned in the embarrassing. I love your local supermarket. Thank you. One 15 at 5.60 WQAM. WQAM, hello. QAM. Yes, sir. Yes, I'll also get information about somebody coming by the trade that's often made for you with the rest of the trade. Dan, Marino for a 10th round graphic. What is it? A 10th. No, they traded Dan Marino for a 60th round graphic. But you said 10th. What? 25th round graphic. Here's a mobile and dear field, hello. A new. You are God. Yes, I am. And you're the latest congratulations on hanging out in this toilet for all the years you have on a hot pot. One three years plus, pal. 23 years and I want. It's it's ridiculous. I listen to you every day. I miss what happened this morning. You know, whatever. But I'm going to give you a capsule version. Okay. If you're fine, Joe Rose thinking that he was going to be a real comic, which he's not. But as funny as a heart attack, he decided that was April Fool's Day. So they come on here and make up this bogus dolphin trade where they traded Richmond web, Karimad Dool Jabar, both of them, to the Redskins for the number five, their first photographic, which is number five and a first round. And they're going on a conjectory. Will it be a running back? Maybe it's going to be Edgar in James and Yadia. And then they got people doing fake voices pretending to call the Redskins office and doing a fake voice from the Redskins owner. And then even they had Hank or somebody impersonating Hank calling it on a year saying, oh, yeah, he talks to someone. So what he has piano just confirmed it is it on deal and Yadia. You know, I don't even listen to those guys. And that that just the answer is more, you know, I listen to some other asshole on some other station. It's the Ripsolior material off. You know, I'm talking about. Yeah. I just, it's so comical what he does. Really the read one of the reasons I call it. I'm getting out of this toilet for a few days. I'm going to Pittsburgh, which is not much better, but it's my home town. Yeah. And I've listened to you for about four years. And I just wish all the listeners that are out there, which is listen to what you're saying. Right. Make decisions based on facts. Right. Not punch a crap, not, you know, the whole religious thing is ridiculous. But even light me. And I was like to say, it's thanks for everything. And it's been a Pittsburgh, even my plane says, I know my crap. That's right. Well, I got a flight coach and that I got my value. Okay. Thank you. And now good luck, pal. Bye. Don't take any wooden lunch. 5 670 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. All listen to this. He hasn't been excited about the fact that the Panther organization wants again has lied to their teeth and now everybody's paying a price for it. And everybody's threatening this one and that one and the doctors all upset and Yadia Diadi. See, when you don't, when you're not straight shooters, when you don't pay straight with a public sooner later, you're going to box yourself into a corner and no matter what you say, it's boy who cried Wilson, you're kind of like a Greg Reid thing. No matter what you say, nobody's going to believe it anymore. No matter what you say, just like, only paid that bill. Oh, yeah, right. I believe you paid a bill. And that's what the organization has done. And let me sit. What? What? The crank, the the prank that you just played on that collar. Now they're calling because they're taking that seriously over and over and over again. What do you mean they're taking it seriously? It just came to me on the facts here. Here it is. Well, I talked with the SPN, the magazine, John Clayton. And he confirmed. Yeah, Dan Morino goes from the dolphins of the retains for the either number one draft pick, which is the fifth pick in the first round. What? I was just about to say something important and you're that that's a given. Everybody knows that. We know he was getting old. He's got bad wheels. It's going to be like a Palm Elburi thing. You're trading. I was bad knees away. And then they're going to think they're getting a jackpot and they're going to get a crackpot. You know, we love you, Danny, but the time is up. Time's up. Sweet art. I said, all those old crick-eanies here as you've had it. I was just about to say something very important. And then you give me side crack with some of Jackass's calling and don't believe that Dan Morino got traded. You know, I think, you know, if we really want to get this time going because it's such a dead ass place anyway, let's do that. Nobody cares about credibility in this town. I came on here. I told you weeks ago that after Burrie got into the Colorado game, everybody in North America except in this town was reporting he's out for the year. I told you that nobody told me that I read about it. I got on the internet. I talked to people from outside this town who like know hockey and other parts of the country in Canada. I read it up there in the Toronto sun. I want to buy many trips. Everybody except here in Newark, but nobody cares for that. They enjoy bullcrap. So let's just then we can make a whole format out of that. Because in many ways we've already accomplished it, especially with our management here, we'll just call it bullcrap radio. 24 hours a day, we'll feed your pile of bullcrap. Yeah, we'll make up stories, we'll make up trade. Oh my god, Jimmy Johnson just resigned to bring in shoulder back. Oh yeah. Jim, man, it's just had a baby. Not his wife, the man dog. All right, had a baby. Anything else we can tell you that some jackass out there might believe huh? Oh, but I heard it on the radio. So that's the problem with those sports bags. Is there so naive and so stupid that if they do hear it on a radio, they will believe it. Make it come on a morning show tomorrow and say, oh, it was just an April full. All but guess what? Here's another report. They just traded Richmond Web to the Redskins for two or two other Rams rather for somebody else or they just signed up Lawrence Phillips and what's his name? Sammy Smith again. Bobby Humphrey and Tony Martin. We're going to have the all-games to team. Here's and Mark Duper. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. It's part of the worst part about this. The worst part about this. Exactly. Yeah, that's true. Is that they're ripping off a collar from last year? Yeah. You remember that on April 1st last year? No. When the collar collar happened. Probably one of those many days that wasn't supposed to be a show. Yeah, a collar collar called in last year and totally do. I don't remember which Josh it was, but then he got one of the guys on air to report. There was a whole story about the modeling thing. Yeah, yeah. And then this guy was able to, he happens to be a friend of mine that was able to pull this off. Right. Was able to get your backline number from your switchboard and call up. What's that? Okay, I think you said F something. But that was probably got to call them personated Hank this morning. His a friend that does the voices. I've known Hank for like 20 years some years. Okay. Believe me that was not Hank Goldberg's voice. 567560, pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. The only guy my listen to the whittless team is during commercial break. Yeah. Well, I should be listening a lot. Yeah. I caught him twice the first time. I tuned it in some jack-ups at Joe Rose to play the Marlin songs. I was honest for about a second. And then the second time I tuned in, I heard Joe Rose going on about this trade. And I mean right away you can tell him the goofball is tone that is all, you know, yes. But I didn't hear Hank calling, but it Hank did being that it teased her and all before the cock closed three times. Hank got to call up and deny it and then go hang himself. Yeah. Because I mean, if Hank played along with that thing, I mean, you're saying a Hank called in that he should go hang himself? Absolutely. Well, when he comes in, he'll be in very shortly. We will find out if he's hung or not. Which I don't really care. But no old Jewish guy like Hank can't give me that or this fat nobody's hung. You in if you were you couldn't tell anyway. As in that remember that movie like Kaja folds? 56050560 on the ATT. They're all taking this very serious. Okay. They're taking this very serious. Remember when Centine was talking to Michael there and the godfather one? You're taking it personal. This is business and you're just taking it personal. No, it is business. It can't wait. There must be 64,285 lines from just from godfather one alone. And by the way, you know, I know there's a lot of little kids up there in the crowd at the macarina. But if you're going to keep showing at Howard Biel thing, there were say do all of the NHL now by a lot of the arenas, you're going to show the first part. Show the rest of it. I'm just mad as hell, but I just think there's a lot of see the whole thing. Okay. Not just to Howard and the raincoat. 560505060, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's North Miami. Hello. North Miami. Yeah, well, now the worst officer for worst acting job during April full is got to go to the first team. Yeah. You know Joe was. You meet with here. I mean, is the worst. How was it? He didn't say. You know, he's in the bag in the back and of course, DFO. DFO is like, well, we can stock that toy when the real nice toy in kitchens. But yeah. Yeah, and that guy lost the $300 and obvious plant just to try to make them look good. I know it clever. We, we. Yeah. And, you know, I've never seen two guys, two dorks from graduating themselves. How clever they are since I saw the movie, Delvin Dummer. That's why I got to say. Well, in fact, they were in it. You didn't know that they didn't get to credits. They were in it. Great thing. In other words, what he's tried to say is one good fat head deserves another Joe. You mama. That's what they, that's what the audience basically is saying at the morning team. You mama. Okay. Don't do it again. They may forgive you this time. Maybe they'll come back again tomorrow for some more. I don't want to take them the day off tomorrow. I'm so embarrassed about it. I'm going to have to think about it long and hard not over the weekend if I want to follow that chore not. And then I'll kind of look at my pace double and I say yeah, I guess I'll swallow my pride. Here's a medley. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. Let me tell you the first thing film sucks. Yeah. Can't stand them. Joe rolls with an idiotic lines and um, jump the floor. So it's corn lines. Can't take them. I don't the bitch right now. No, not me. I want to hear what everything you got to say. Let me tell the reason I call it. Yeah. I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'd hold a hard boring boring. Every time you said it's boring and have a nice life. And your boyfriend's to your mama. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line. Oh, I'm more now. I had nothing to do with that. Like Larry would say I had nothing to do with this. I came in here today. Follow stuff about the addoctor and the Cleveland Clinic and Pavelle Burrie and a horrible game last night. And the red light that still doesn't go on. Nobody cares about and the Jews not showing up last night for pace off and all those goiom standing up in front of us during the game. I mean, if you really wanted to see what this town is all about, you really had to be there early at the macaroon the last night and look around and wonder, huh? Like where is, I thought maybe the game was going to be played up there on the island or something. I thought is this a road game or something I make a mistake? What's going on over here? And then all these strangers started showing up. People who've never seen before. Hey, you want to get yourself a great cigar. Well, do it today because I got news for tomorrow for Easter for good Friday and for pace off. Next is going to be closed. So over the weekend, certainly for the holidays, is it okay to smoke Stogi on pace off? Sure. Why not? As long as there's no bread in it. As long as it's unleavened the unleavened tobacco and believe me, I guarantee you all of the tobacco they use to make those great premium quality cigars in this unleavened baby. Make no mistake about it. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. Oh, hey, it acts to me how I knew that milk was a tooth. Oh, hey, hey, I just finally say Yes, maybe gay. Very different in one way. Look, I'm his nephew, find a spot of the acidic high. Oh, oh, hey, when he was still unlock his throne, and looks at empty phones, there's a Dammat God. Oh! Oh, hi! What are you doing artwork on those beautiful new bumper stickers of ours or what? What are you doing in there? George has done a little paste and clip and snip and whatever and tape. Well look at, isn't that the- Ha ha ha ha! I love it! That's the best. Instead of where it says sports radio on the bumper's Dickeries, changing it and says, Fag radio, 560WQAmen inside the 60O, at a Q&A, is a little picture of me with a second of the stugian, my post. All Fag radio, 560QAM, every is right there in the inside of the thing. You know, San, I'm going to tell you, with your imagination, with your tremendous ability to come up with all these phenomenal concepts, it's a wonder that we're still on the air. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I was wondering if you saw the Sun Sentinel, the article that Jet Bush signed about the, okay, well what it said was any crime that's being committed with the done felony crime is going to get a minimum of 10 years and if the done is shot it's going to be a minimum of 20 years. Yeah. Well there's an 11 member black caucus that decided that this would be unfair to the African American community. And why is that? That's what I want to know. Why, why is that how about if we make it that when when white people commit those crimes to get how it 12 or 20 whatever you said and when darker people commit to crime depending on the shade in other words the darker you are the less time you'll do. Right, right. Another thing we'll do it will do it by shade. In fact, even if you're white guy with a good 10 then you also get a few years knocked off. You'll get at least seven then. Okay, that's not bad. That's all I have. Figures. Okay, thank you. There you go again. See discriminating again against the, yeah, you know something if you're against it, if you're a criminal, we don't like you. Okay, we don't care if you're white, you're black, you're a spec, you're a Jew, you're a fact. We don't care what you are. If you're a piece of slime, we don't like you period. I'm going to throw the book at you. Everything is a big racial thing like I'm not going to send you the day. The most sensible thing I ever said in my life, get rid of these labels for Christ's sakes. Well, I'll have a sudden, wow, my ear just stepped locked up. Woo! What's it been from that mocks? Huh? No, I'm serious. It's good. But it's still, maybe on 11, but it's still carbohydrates. I bet you when I go home, my blood sugar, which was 73 this morning. I bet you I can't eat that stuff. I can't eat it. Why did you let me do that? Was your idea? Wasn't it? Why did you let me eat that? You're supposed to be at least doing these hours watching now for my health. You know, I've been sick as a dog. I've been sitting here sitting on my organ, squeezing my organ, and this awful goddamn chair. I mean, it's here was great downstairs. There's nothing wrong with it. It's here. It's this counter. Let's have a little mutiny on the counter for Christ. The counter is too freaking high, man. It's too high. Like a little tiny five year old. It's like young Neil in the, and the height here is sitting up here. I'm a chair to the ceiling to try to avoid my, my breast bone and my pupic jamming out of this counter. That's too goddamn high. Counter supposed to be a little bit lower. Just above your. That's right. Got plenty of room there. Here's a mobile and top. Hello. Hello. Great. Oh, I'm doing okay. There we go. That's down again. Can't talk. Sorry for sorry. Another screwed up phone line. Market down. Okay. Phone company is parked around with our phone lines again. I mean, you know, you can you can suggest to yourself, Mr. Reed, that I'm making this up and I'm a bad guy because I haven't been hired here 17 times like your good buddy Gary Sarner, but the fact is we got a bunch of garbage in here that's some of it. We're saying, you know, it's a little bit better today. I'll give you that. We got a long way to go. The same man that looked me in the face at a hockey game a year and a half ago and said to me, oh, yeah, we're going to build you. Stead to the art studios. We're going to do this. We're going to do that. We're going to go 50,000. Why would we like, yeah. We're going to even put some baseball down on the walls out there. So this looks like our schmoocy place where a bunch of stumbled bumps are living. Like they would like to be. Please. I got news for it. The bees. Please have been over here recently to see the work of art that they produced. You'd be really proud. Okay. Because it's right up your alley. It's a toilet. Here's a mobile north Miami. Hello. Mobile and north Miami. See, and that's it. See, it's not not losing the cause you're wrong. Line four is screwed up and line one. We just heard there was all the phones. There they go again. There they go again. Thank God. It's almost to a clock. And see, the reason that it's different in here from the other room is because this is a different studio. The phone thing is wired entirely independent and different from the other. And it's screwed up. And maybe if we go through this another two, three, every time they'll have the phone company come in and do this and stay here until it's done right. I know that's asking a lot, but make them come in here and do it until it's done right. And the phone really works like honest to God. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I don't understand. I mean, I didn't hear it this morning, but still Henry was goofing on people like that for years. Yeah, but that's a little Henry of stuff. So huh? That was still stick. So was suppose that was his act. So was a comedy show. These guys are supposed to be a sports show. You know what, I mean, it goofed on. You goofed on. Either way, you're still goofed on. And I thought, Bill, it's a area. If I thought it was. Sure. Let me say it again. I don't know what you didn't understand, but I just said, maybe I'm not communicating. That was still show. Everybody with a brain knew that. That's when he was paid to do these guys. People full say people, full of stuff. And I know they do that in specific. I mean, it's a custom. Maybe we don't like it. Maybe it's a custom. It's a custom. Yeah. So another adventure. If you turn on here, if you turned on Dan Rather than, he said, the Russians have got nuclear warheads on the way aimed at all of the major cities in America. Will you say, ha, that Dan, it's April Fool's Day. Nice going. It's a custom. I don't watch Dan Rather. See, there you go. I wish my case this guy don't watch Dan Rather. That's just a problem. Anyway, that don't watch Dan Rather as far as I'm concerned. To you, pal, probably watch is that I got what to speak. defect. 560 50 50 50 50 50 60 on the AT and T while a slide 22 till 2 to 2 to M Hankle being here in studio 2 until 530. Then he's going to become very, very Jewish put on his B.ning will fly out of here. 530 to 7 we got a good goisher boy. Jim, that it's going to be here to carry right up to panther time 7 o'clock free game. Panthers at the cap 730 night. And of course, the Bloom is pretty much off the road. Softed Joe Rose. We're pretty burned out on that panther crap on those panther droppings yesterday. I was trying to keep my because we really did have a statistical chance. And we still do, but it's pretty weak. Especially after that really really really embarrassing effort if you can call it that last night. I'm a bear for your boys. Think of it. My baby. Think of that Selena. You tired of your hand or your sheep. So we stay in the D. You can't land. You're cleaning your eyes. You're pulling a little higher if the chick could be bought would you definitely fire? Well, now you can. It does to you's low red horse. If you ever wanted a chick, but you're way too ugly, you've even tried to buy them. But you're way too poor. Now's your turn. My mommy gave me five down his faggotaries. But instead, I got me some headache. I can't just eat the low rain. So who's there's up America? United and to our head. Justice today. Leave it to me to get to the bottom of the story again, man. I'll tell you. Tank just came in here. I got you know, I knew this story. There's no way that he would risk a 800 years of credibility going on there with that bunch of that bogus morning show and do that crap. Pull the wall over your eyes. Fill a Henry. Doing a Hank Goldberg voice. Are you sure positive? That's the deal. Now, do you have any idea what it must have been like five 30 tomorrow in LA and Philip greed me in the good guy that he is agreed to work on it for a little while in the voice to did a perfect. Can you get off the table up there? If you got that thing in the audio fault again, now if that isn't one of the greatest tank Goldberg impersonation, are you sure positive? One time I talked with the SPN the magazine John Clayton and he confirmed it. Okay. There you go. Fill Henry. Doing Hank's voice. I knew it. 145 at 560 WQA in 560 5060 on the 18 T WRF this line. Here's plantation. Hello. How you doing now? Great. You know, listen to you for a long time. Very long time. I mean, even being first of all, but foremost, I'm short. I was short. Very educated and I'll take a little one. You are short. Stop or a spartzer. I said, anyways, I said that. Spartzer. Okay, I got it now. I used to live in Toronto years ago. Right. And why? You just say, you're sure. Okay. We can do that. Let's in Toronto for a long time. Yeah. Back in the Clark Gilmore and your truck pots in days. Right. That was two great years man. Oh, can you believe that? You don't flip, let your lost his mind. Exactly. Gilmore was like a man for the best. Right. But, you know, I got these panther games. And these, you know, these, uh, you win beings of the white just per squeeze and look at you. They're looking me like, uh, what do you know? Let's see what they don't understand as I know more about hockey and then they have a little paint. Well, I'm sure sure, because you're from a real hockey star. There. Yeah. Oh, culture. Yeah. I was following a wire about that. But, um, I used to live in Toronto, uh, Walton. Yeah. Yeah. I lived in Walton. My wife, uh, you know, she's Spanish. So she does hair. She used to do Michael Peck of hair. Really? Michael Pecker. Yeah. Yeah. Number 27 Buffalo savory. There you go. There you go. But, um, I was listening this morning. I could not believe it. I could not believe it. And I think that's, uh, it's what I, you're telling me, it wasn't Hank. But if a one tank, I'd be very surprised and embarrassed for him. Yeah. That was ridiculous. Yeah. Very, very ridiculous. But, uh, and it's more, even more ridiculous is all these, uh, sports, things, calling in here. You, I mean, you know, you know, the people that I didn't know nothing about sports. I could come on here and breathlessly announce that the entire dolphin team has been traded for, you're filling the blind. You know, for 600 draft tours and it'd be, and the lines in the Swiss board, uh, front would be light enough in the phone lines here. I mean, it's, it's pathetic. These people have gotten no lives. They don't get it. Right. You know, I, everybody could take a joke. Well, you're, I mean, I knew that was going to a panther game and just see the way that this crowd behaves. And, uh, and I think we can have a team here for 100 years. They'll still never understand. And they don't get it. It's unreal. It's unreal. Yeah. I hear Joe going on with, uh, guilty of getting buried and deforesteds and destroyed. We have, whatever he's done. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what's going on. But, uh, just wanted to call you and say, well, okay. All right. See you on third street. Bye bye. Not okay. 567 lot of open lines here. 6100 open lines. All of a sudden, since they got the real story. Okay. 567. 560. 560 on the 18 T. Why was lying? What did I do wrong? Oh, I got the potho. That's okay. That's okay. I don't want to do any hockey stuff. Here, these people are all from it. They don't understand it. They don't care about it. They're more important that they go to their sater and drink the wine and sit around doing old lives tales. You know, the old bubble mice. Very, very revealing to be in that place, life's not one of the biggest fly-opters. I mean, you know, you think somebody had been here as long as I have. I know all the ropes by now, but not true. The longer you hear, the more you're really get a very, very deep understanding of these people and their priorities and what's important to them and what is not. Here's a couple of radio. Hello. Hey, you know. Yes, sir. Hey, how about them, Panthers? They suck. Yeah, that's what I said. Um, hey, uh, don't you think we should get rid of Melambi? No, I do not. No. Why, why do you say that? Why does anybody want a rag on him? Melambi is a guy that goes out here and he works hard. He tries hard. He over a cheese. He's got, uh, a 17 or 18 goals. He goes out. He scores important goals. At least Melambi gives you 100 percent every night. He's not, he's slow. He's frustrating, but still he goes out there. He hits, you know, plays a tough physical. Yeah, I agree with you. An effort. He's not just a figure skater, like Victor Coslov. I agree with that. I remember that little assucker, guilty getting on about a month ago talking about, uh, who's going to be a free agent who they got to resign next year. To all Victor Coslov's got a lot big big bucks next year. Who's going to give Victor Coslov big bucks? What for? For a figure skating? True. What's he going to do with the rockets on ice on ABC or something? What the hell are they going to pay him big bucks for? He's the biggest disappointment in the whole organization. Hey, another point though. Let's get another Alex six that guy's a player. He's uh, he's a hard day. We know who's got it. That's right. How about that when he came out of the box and leave that hit on that guy that uh, he went in for the club. Alex six. Those are the kind of guys he's on the team. Back guy right there. He's not number 28. They're cost to buck up at the generation through the whole government of the game. We're not. I'm not. I've had the steak. Listen him to uh, there you go. Okay. Yeah. Bye. Five six, 70 five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, yeah. They're all observative to Cleveland Clinic. Too bad. Too bad. Maybe if I had some follow-through over there. Maybe if I got more than a look in a smear, the few times I've been over there. Except when I had my hemorrhode problem, maybe I'd have a little bit better opinion. Okay. Like I said before, I haven't got the foggy of the idea of what Pabelle Burrace knee looked like when he came here from Russia. Or after the first uh, ACL would doctor with Terrence. Oh, I would look like a week ago. All I know is that before he went off to Alabama, Rimmer saw his knee and he said it was pretty damn swollen. And the knee too. So what all the why I know about it? I didn't make any comments about that, but we got some very like I said, it seems that everybody associated with that Panther organization is so sensitive and so uptight. Which always makes a good idea to go out and lie to everybody and then come back a couple of days. Oh, well, we had a lie because Yadiyada is feeling the blanket. Oh, Pabla, Pabla, Pabla, I think this town has been BS and BM to death. Okay. Maybe I'm wrong. But I don't think so. I think we've had enough BM to fill up my whole backyard. See you Brian and don't forget the brother with you. Okay. The evil twin.