All-ay! Sports radio 560WAM, Miami-Born Lutterdale, presents the Neo-Rosers Show. Talk to Neo, called 567-0560 toll-free, verdine and power. Or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neo is guest-coller's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, or the Feezy broadcast now. Neo Rogers on Sports Radio 560-08. I absolutely want to pee. It's a feeling the same. It's starting to clean in the night. Even printing is fine. The acrobines are the same. The acrobines are the same. So, yeah, that's what they are the same. You know it's supposed to be that way. He was okay. Woo, Woo, Woo, Woo, they were the same. What he's doing? All day, what's next? He was the white house to be all here. Like a texatric star. So he can't even be real. Like things or the cuss, what's the same? I know he's a texatric star. Oh, right. That's the way it's all. Not a normal October. He's an island today. George, would you ever get it today? No, no, no, no, no. He's one of the days women day. All right, 10 out of 2 at 5 60 WQM happy Wednesday, to you. Look at that. The other timeline is ringing already. WQAN. Hi. Yes, sir. Yes. A deal. I got this is John from the hockey games. I see all the time with my son. Yeah. I got this thing from New York. Much of number five. You want to record it? I'll play it for you. Well, I'm going to go over the phone. All right. Allie, no, I'd see it. What's your email? I'll go over to us. Yeah. How are you going to email an audio? Oh, you can do that nowadays. Not the us, you can't. Oh, you can't. No. How about sending us a cassette of it? I want a cassette. You want to hear it first? No. If you like it? No, I take your word for it. Okay. Hey, listen. I talked to anybody that's a hockey fan. A real hockey fan can't be all bad. Hey, come on. Listen. John's realistic comes to us. So I appreciate you. Well, there you go. I hooked up with the old penis man. I told you. The outfit came up and club wall streets going to come true. We're going to advertise with you. Excellent. Or maybe just give the cassette to John penis when you see him. Okay. Okay. Or I'll bring you to the next hockey game. There you go. Next one. I'll see you there. Thanks, John. Bye. Bye. By the way, our good friend Alan from the lights has got the candy. And now the low carb candy. I shouldn't be talking about this on here. Then there won't be any more for us. And George, by the way, turning into a real little hauser lately. Hopping up every time a Peter Leonard walks in here with a box. Pull of this. These goodies from Delights. George, who doesn't need to lose an ounce. But, and just what they want to do. Karyn Carpenter is that the idea now? I got this roll around my middle. You're so full of therapy. Yeah. You've never seen one of the things that makes fat people very upset is when skinny people start whining. And not how fat they are. And they have to lose 20 pounds. If you lost 20 pounds, you look like Ikebond crane on a bad day. And if I wasn't eating all this diet food, I'd need to lose 50. If you weren't eating all this diet food, maybe you wouldn't need to lose any. Because you're eating extra food, you wouldn't be eating in the first place. Do you ever stop and think about that? I'll have a listen. Did you ever stop? No. No. But anyway, so we got this, let me get 20 or 30 more out of the thing here. It's really good to get that flingrow and again, you're throat. Talk with topos. That almost sounds like a Hispanic thing, doesn't it? Doesn't it? Kind of. Oh, no. This must be friends. TOOT SWEET. But anyway, they're from Canada. And Delights in West Boca is the only place that's got it got till Christmas. And they only have four carbs per piece. Now we'll say this. I mean, if you had like 10 pieces, though, before he carbs, not a real good idea. But at least it ties you over and it really tastes like the real thing like chocolate. They come in peanut butter and milk a chocolate and they're pretty damn good. I'll tell you that tastes like the real thing. It's the real thing like Georgia would say, I got to tell you right now right off the bat. I haven't a apology to make for my own being very naive and very slow and very behind the time. And the reason for that being is that when you're not involved with certain things in your life, you don't under you, just don't have any understanding of what it's all about. But the last several days, especially going back to last Friday, wasn't it Friday was the day that we had that, we episode or was it Monday? I guess it was Monday. With screw-in downstairs, it's threatening to black-make care mail, Carol from Center 1 and slamming the phone down and acting like a lunatic as usual. But I've been going nuts about this golf term. And of course, we were going nuts about it on other aspects based on the OJ appearance, which wasn't supposed to happen. I've been going crazy because of all the money that allegedly was raised and which they're still lying about. But nevertheless, now after piecing us all together and discovering, by the way, that there was 110 grand just in sponsorships for this golf term. If there was raised by this radio station, all of which that money is going to the radio station. See, all of these celebrity golf tournaments, all of these celebrity charity events, they're all, there's one word for them. You know what the word is? Fraud. Now, legally, maybe they're not fraudulent because the law says evidently, from what we're told, only 5% of the proceeds need to go to charity or some teeny tiny little amount, needs to go to charity and then it qualifies as a charity event. Whatever it's a golf term, a ping pong, a pocket pool, whatever the event might be. Maybe someone who actually knows about these things and how they operate. Maybe somebody's ever in church, bingo or some of this scam out there can call them, tell us how that works. Actually, he has to go to the charity, to any charity before qualifies as a charity, fill in the blank, whatever charity, ornament, especially golf. Because I mean, if the truth to be known, this thing raised probably about 150 grand, I would say, with all the sponsorships, and now we begin to understand. See, again, I was very slow. When we were approached with this thing months ago, I was very slow to understand why they were so insistent. Oh, yes, no, it's going to be great. No, we're not interested. No, no, you don't understand. We're going to have to do it because they're all these sponsorships that we sell, and there's all this money that's going to come to the radio station, and it's another big money making event for the radio station, the charity with your own. Which in this case, will turn out to be $2,500 only after a herniatic effort on my part to try to embarrass them in a coffin up a few bucks after crying, poor mouth. So all you people out there know, is that for real, I call on five? Amsterdam, hello. Hello. Here we've got cut off ones. What do you mean by that? Because he's calling long business? Yes. Hello? Yeah, sir. Yeah, man. You're right about everything. Yeah. Yes, you are. Where are you? I'm an MC to that. Whereabouts? Right on the right on the street. On the street? Yeah, I call the street. On the damn rack? Yes, sir. Yeah. Neil, I want everybody out there to notice. Yes. You're right about everything. Amsterdam, Toronto, and... And... And... And the part of... Now, just a second. Okay. Yeah, you do it so heavy-duty stuff. I've got nothing to do with that. No, I'm not. I'm fine. Okay. And the part of... What time is it over there by the way now? I don't even have a watch. Okay. The part of... Are you an MC to them? Netherlands, Amsterdam, New York. Neil, please listen to me. I'm listening. I'm listening. We're on the... Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Yeah. I'm in a phone booth. What's the next to you there? What's the... Where are you? There's... There's a canal. Yeah. Well, that's unusual in Amsterdam. And... Now, give me the name, like, of a hotel that you see or a restaurant, a store, or something. I just wanted everybody out there to notice. Sure. Give me... Give me... Give me... Give me... Give me... God. And... And you were the biggest pedophile of all. Oh, yeah. All the places in Amsterdam. That's... Oh, they have... They have to get to some view with a fork in your kid. Yeah. OK, bring them on over, pal. Yeah. OK. Told you. And you... And you get sucked into it. This guy's an Amsterdam. Like, I'm an Amsterdam. There are a pedophilia. It's illegal in Amsterdam. Just like it is here. Of course, pick up where we left off yesterday. This guy, his name was... They wouldn't let him into the country in the Netherlands. Anyway, so, Al's got the candy that I told you from the delights. And I'm delighted to find out that all of these charity, all these celebrity things. They're all fraud. So, if you want to participate in like I said, the Santa's part of the deal is that they'll always hook in a whole bunch of people to play because these people like we found out yesterday. We couldn't buy a call for many of those people who participated 110 different people. And all we had was a couple of cranks like this. And it's all OK. That's all we had. Because they don't care. They want to rub elbows with famous people like Spud's Web and the screwdriver gruder. Famous people like that. Yeah. Some of them. Marginally famous. And they don't really give a crap where the money's going to wind up going in. Maybe there might be a couple of people that might be an exception too. But I just want to alert you now because I was reading again in the paper this morning in the sports section. Here's another celebrity golferman. This is one of the biggest scams in history. And they sign up all of these sponsors. And they break in thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars. And then the charity whoever it's supposed to be for at the end of the day. They get their term a little bone. Little tiny bone. And that's the deal. So I'm no longer, you know, I've just washed my hands at this whole thing with this set of unguld tournament. Because the whole thing was a biggest for as I'm concerned. Even if it legally doesn't qualify in my mind to qualify as a big freaking fraud. That's what it was. 10 past 10 at 5 60 WQN. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WN. You may be released as position court. Lannies asked America. Would they want it? And all you can eat breakfast. I want more than just a lot of food. A lot of choices. Bigger than pancakes. And eggs anyway I want them. I want sausages. Those sausages look like dodgers. Yeah, the ones that always come stuck together. Why is that? They all want to warm them under a heat lab at some fast food blades. I want to warm them under a heat lab at Lannies. I want to be a really fatty and lean to the one you pick it up. You should have duped off your finger. And eggs with the yolk broken so they're out of your rocks. And I want to serve by a fat solid weightress with a mustache. So I am the excuse to stiffer. Egg wings will be fetched out. And I don't want to spend in line. I want to wait in line to get seated for a really long time. They do that at Denny's. Rannies, Lenny. America, there's a new all you can eat. Grand slam breakfast venue. At Lannies. It's everything you already expect from Lenny's. Just a lot more of it. At room temperature. Kind of changes the complex of things at Lenny's. So anyway, Ellis Rubin. Not to be out there. I noticed both local newspapers perhaps getting a little bit tired of giving Ellis all that publicity. Both those papers missed that story today. But it was all over the news yesterday last night. A dark, complexed couple from colorage. Sowing. Denny's because they claimed that they were refused service. They were ignored. And of course, who is the returnee? The publicity seeking Ellis Rubin. How do you like that? Exactly. I guess that's just a coincidence. But anyway, they claimed they went into Denny's down there in colorage. And they sat there for 30 minutes in the sat and sat. And nobody went anywhere near them. And finally, they called over the manager or some jackass. And they said, what's going on over here? We'd like some service. And he went in and they saw through some glass window. He was in there talking to somebody else. And they were shaking their head and looking down at the floor. And that was it. They still often said, they're another 15 minutes. At which point they got up and walked out. And of course, the Denny's people say, well, it's a grandstand or looking for publicity and butterbeat. But above, we got all these black managers and we got black people. You know, great for him. How about your portant? Grandslim. It's the grandslim. That's right. Hey, let's have the grandslim golf term. What do you say, huh? Oh, yeah. So anyway, there you go. And of course, that raises the question because, you know, George has brought up a good point. Most establishments have a sign that they hang that says, this establishment reserves the right to not serve anyone. There's something left to that effect. Don't refuse service service to anyone. In other words, if we don't like the way you look or smell or something like that, for about all these places, you know, Jack, it's only in the dining area. Yeah. That's not just for dark folks. So that's Jack. It's for any or arisen. In other words, white folks, if you don't have a jacket, we're not going to kick you out. But if you're black, that would be a good excuse. Oh, no, Jack, you can't come in here, sir. Let's use the back entrance. You can't come in here, boy. I mean, sir. Yeah, come into the back door. Maybe we'll let you know what we've done. So let me just continue. They just can't seem to get their accent right now. You know what? They just keep having these problems with dark folks. And in this year, see if I go into a restaurant and they don't want to serve me, you know what? I'll go someplace else. Yeah, screw them. They don't want my money. I'll find some. I'll go over to Tytonis. Screw them. Get some good Thai food. Here's the lady mobile in Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. How are you? I'm doing good. Oh, I just had a couple of these. They put the Amsterdam guy before me. He wasn't there. He was there. He was there. He wasn't there. He was just a jackass. He was there. And he was back to middle of a wall and made it obvious. We knew that he wasn't there. You're out of fire. I got pictures of you with two year old boys. Yeah, right. He's a jack. Anyway, I had to call him like, you know, the people magazine. Yeah. Following Alex Pinois. The sexiest man in politics. I heard that in the morning show this morning. It's enough to make you look like that. His mom. I don't understand that. Evidently. He's about as sexy as a fruit fly. Anyone. And look for a lot of fruit fly. And other than I mentioned that. Well, that's an amount of chance. But they always pick a grotesque people. You know that. Oh, my God. Don't they? He's disgusting. He's gruesome. He makes me want to barfe. Anyone. I mean, just anyone else is street. I wouldn't touch him with your mouth. Oh, I wouldn't touch him with your mouth. I wouldn't touch him with your mouth. Okay. Sweetheart. I've ever great day. Bye, bye, Jay. I'll plumber by the way. I wonder if I'll bulk a bride and do a bit. I think of their rhymes with plumber is like, Dumber. I'm sorry about that, Jay. I realize you were in politics here for about 400 years. But yesterday the voter said, No, no, my, I said, Jay, all plumber. And they also said we want to strumber. I mean, it wasn't even more talking about because about 80 people voted. So it wasn't even worth getting a little big sign of dance about. But needless to say the voters in the county are somewhat doesn't chanted. And they said, goodbye. Bye, Jay. Well, bringing us up again. We don't know who the hell he is. But anything's got to be an improvement over you. And I'll let the beard you're drinking. And we want a strong mayor, which means Mayor Carroyo will have to face election much sooner as in next March. Maybe we can get a good dictator in there, huh? How about Petista? You think he's got any relatives hanging around that we can bring in? How about one of the Petistas grandchildren? As thick, paid or were they cut? That sounds good to me. Uh-huh. There you go. Maybe we can get some information about these charity events. But I doubt it, you know? Like I said, those people have participated. They didn't care where the money was going. They just want to go out there and rub elbows with people in a whole bunch of them. Turned out to be real assholes because when OJ did show up, they were rubbing it with him and the elbows too. Which is really embarrassing. I cry for you people, okay? Well, I cry for us that there are people like you walking around out there. Like they got to call us that day. Well, I'm a collector. You know, I had him sign my, uh, day because I'm a collector. Yeah, collect this. We got a big pile for you. Okay, pal. Start collecting right now. Here's a mobile and hell and Dale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to tell you about the, uh, the charity golf tournament. Because a lot more to it than, I don't know. I assume you may know, but basically by calling it a charity thing, it means that like my company can pay for my free round of golf. Yeah. Or perhaps I can take a day off because, well, it's a weekday, but it's a charity golf tournament. And there's so many extra angles for that stuff that makes the whole thing project. A combination of the your management and the people that play in the things that's all I could game and that's why these things go on literally every week. Yeah. And how much money actually winds up going to the charity. In this case, a very teeny, tiny percent. And even that, we had a squeeze out of these backtruts. And they go to have it, by the way. But that's because the people that are playing in the tournament, they're using their making it to use their companies money or a time off the table. Right. Like that. So it's like a combination deal. Everybody makes out. Everybody's want to win their eye and laugh to, you know, people like yourself and try and do an honorable thing. Yeah. We're sitting on here here saying proceeds to benefits at a one. We're not sitting on here saying proceeds from the silent auction, which is going to be a very teeny tiny amount, which I didn't know about at the time. Or any other defined print that's in the contract. We don't know about those things. So we're trying to, you know, use the hook of, oh, this is really for a very good cause and in the meantime, it's for what you just said it was. Everyone's in a while, even you get smoker. Absolutely. I confess that's why I said at the beginning today. I'm just very naive. I've never been involved with these things before and now I know why and I've got I haven't been. Well, you are still God. Okay. I have a great life. I'll see you in Amsterdam. But all those little kids. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Del Ray Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Thanks for all of us. Thanks for making your call. Yeah, absolutely. Listen, I've been listening to your shows for, I don't know how many years. 113rd teen at least 100 years. Yeah. And I finally figured it out the other day. You've got the answer for everything. And the, your problem is that you're a professional. You see, and everybody else around you is just, this is like a gain for them. What does that mean? Oh, I hear an answer for everything? No, no, no, no, no. I don't know. I just mean that you know, you're a professional. You're a radio professional. Right. And people, and nowadays, have lost the meaning of what it is to be professional. Well, this is not a professional radio station that I'm working in here. I mean, after people get very tired of hearing me belly aches, but this is not a, I mean, I mean, in IOD, we had problems at every station ever to work at. No places perfect. And it's fun to get on and be able to bitch about it. But here, I mean, professional is not in their vocabulary. And they don't understand what it's all about. I think that's because it's all I can do. This is a little for attorney. You're a little Polish fraternity. And you think I'm joking, sir, Reg read and his buddies. They've been together for years. It's a close little fraternity. They laugh at the rest of us. Okay. They do whatever they want. And they get very irritated when some loudmouth bastard like me, who they can't live without, comes on a year and out's them for being the phoenix that they are. They can't stand it. Yeah, just like you say, give us the money and, you know, we'll just shut up and give us a few other money. Give us that. That's right. They need one other thing. Anyway, any, uh, a chance in hell that I could get your dolphin tickets for this weekend? No. Please. See. 560, 560, Pond 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. Florida Line 877, 785, Neil. 877, 785, 6345. See this guy who claims he's been listening for years. Didn't he hear me say that I'm never given anything away again. Oh, you didn't hear that. You also, I guess, didn't hear the fact that I already gave those tickets to the radio station. You got to listen more closely, sir. You have to have a more discerning ear. So we even know you tried that very uneffective subject there in the beginning. We still ain't got anything for you, sir. This is not a goddamn charity thing here. We're not given stuff away. It's a radio show. We heard entertain people. And you were doing it okay up until the end. Almost as entertaining as the guy from Amsterdam, New York. Here's Daniel. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I got a question for you. Do you want your opinion on the, the All Star format, the world version North America? So, I agree. We all start game blows. Get rid of it. Okay, that's all I have. Okay, sir. My claim, God. Okay. Joe Bond, God. I'll listen more than one God. We all know that, don't we? Oh, of course. There's even, Damn God. Several of us God. There've always been a whole bunch of God's. There's the real God's in the make believe God. You know, yesterday I was telling George before the show this morning and it's true. We had every missed it. You know, I tried to count the number of real, we've already this morning. Even the guy from Amsterdam was a real, he was funny, but he was more real than most of the people we had yesterday. We had the one guy, well, well, are you afraid of God? Why, this guy must have called me 7,000 times already with the same line. Then we had the Walker again who will never get on here. Who's an asshole? Who's a scumbag? And we had, we had the woman with the chicken soup. Who thought that she was real, which killed, by the way, lady, guilty. Oh, God, I got a big kick out of your call. He said he just splurred it right out there in the car laughing when he heard that. She was so excited that her son went to the Yankee celebration there for the world serious and ordered chicken soup at the dinner. And I said, try some kishki and she said, you mean stuffed Dharma and I said, ah, and she said, Oh, you're going to my whole day. And who else? I mean, there's so many. And then the phony born again, Christ, you know that wanted to pray for us. To make believe the airzots. It was the airzots show yesterday. It was airzots Tuesday. Here's color red, chill out. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay. I just have a comment about the diney thing. Yeah. Have you been to diney some color red? I don't go anymore. I don't go to any diney's period. I think they're food sucks, not like they're service. Excellent point, but they do have good, the mother hoverpies there. But I'm just curious about it. The next time I decide to go into one of my sister for what I think is an unlinked amount of time. Right. Should I get L's ruby? Do you think I'd have a case? Put on some blackface. Okay. I've just tried to wonder. Okay. Okay. There you go. I think I got you some cash there, pal. Just sit there. Just kind of sneak in, can stick you as late. And put the blackface on while you're sitting there. Like Aljolesum. And start singing, oh man, River, come on. You can do it. Like the guy in the macaroni grill. You think they're still doing that at the macaroni grill? I think I got those sparks standing up on the table singing. Oh man. I don't want to say it. I don't want to see it. I love their food there, but I don't want to see no sparks standing up on the table in the middle of my meal. Singing some, uh, I'm in tell us, but I don't know what it was. I was that prejudice too, because I don't want to spark this singing in the middle of my dinner. I don't mind if he's eaten over there at the other table, but don't be singing in the middle of my dinner. Maybe these people down the Denny's in color rich. Maybe there were singing a little man river or something like that. Or maybe they were doing like hip hop. I'll let I saw that and they didn't look like they were two hip hop. Do you see that guy? Oh man. I'm not too sure I would have served him myself. 26th. I mean, the wife seemed okay, but he seemed a little... I don't know. 26 past 10 at 5. 60 WQAM. Only one South Florida radio station has a... Hey, hey, hey. You're a listing to it. It's over. We've been after noon to two. Sports radio 5.60. Q-A-M. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. You're so big. Tonight, on ease, mysteries and scandals. Yo, I'm AJ Bence. Yeah, but what happened to Popeye? I'll tell you what happened to Popeye. He said, and he died of brain cancer. That comes from Maryland's spinach and aluminum pot. Not to mention olive oil, but I had no special look. I'm in sure answer I die of brain cancer. That's a bye. As the... Yeah, it's a big thing. He did all f***ing bitch. 1031 and 560 WQAM. So here's a little story. This really should have been a much bigger story. Very didn't the hero this morning. In the sports section. And I did see like about 30 seconds of the game last night. He came because the job wanted to see what the new uniforms looked like. And I looked at him and I went kind of like, and then turned back over to the hockey game, the penguins in the LA. Fans show little enthusiasm and opener. And then I read the circle this morning. I thought to myself, you know something. It's not just me. I get so many people that accuse me of being a sour post of piqued on the people here. I've been full of crap, of making things up. This article, it bears out everything I've always said. This is the most dead dead ass goddamn. Oh another one by the way, yesterday was the punk and coral springs. If you don't like it, leave that one. He was also yesterday. Nice job there pal. And happy Wednesday to be by the way. I'm sure he's there today. Are we sure he's there? Uh-huh. Yeah, he's squeezing it. The final heat home opener at the Miami arena on Tuesday. It's been a long, palpable wake me up when the playoff begins a yon. Let me say it again. Wake me up when the playoff's begin a yon. It's got a lot of hypens in there. The heat played a thriller. This was a double overtime game, by the way. The crowd snoosed. Didn't sound that loud. Said, my name is Jeff Ozer 18. Sounded half full. And announced crowd of 14,623 arrived late and left early. I'll say arrived late and they left early. That's the Miami crowd for you boys and girl. Any sporting event. Even as the Detroit Pistons rallied late in the fourth period, the send a game at overtime double overtime is a turn up. Miami arena needed to be checked for a pulse. This is by Ken Rodriguez. Nice going, Ken. Let me say it again. Miami arena needed to be checked for a pulse. I happened to arena watch the final minutes of the heat's 128 to 128 to victory. Said season ticket holder, Elaine Margollas 49 of Bell Harbor. I'm always surprised by the lack of crowd energy. Unless it's a playoff game. The heat began the new season with new uniforms fresh off the Muslim and a touch of nostalgia. The team said goodbye to Miami arena in December. It says goodbye and move it to their new home American Airlines arena. Scam arena on January 2. Few fans were feeling nostalgic on Tuesday. I'm glad we're moving. Said Joel Margollas is 65. The new home is not up to the power. The whole arena is run down. The whole arena is run down. Anybody ever see anything wrong with a Miami arena? No. I'm out of the middle location. You've been in there. You ever see anything wrong with that place? No. I mean the food sucks. That's not the problem of the arena. And it's not the problem of the arena. There's nothing wrong with that. Except it's not enough Scott boxes and stuff to make the owners a lot of money. Nothing wrong with that place. Perhaps the new home, it says, Well, produce fresh enthusiasm as the heat took the floor to the boys are back in town. Fans took a certain diversion cell phones. Cell phones. Where have we heard that before Neil? Beer, snacks, the result. Luke warm applause. Up in hardaways crossover corner dozens of seats remain empty at tip off. There was plenty of room to play in PJ Brown's playground to have fun. Did it for the match the a match pit in the fourth and the Zozone over time? It's certainly not playoffie brisket hobby or whole 38 of my any beach. If this story doesn't tip off to you, everything that goes on in this town, including this audience, everything. There were in a coma 23 years of my life. You know, if you try to analyze what I've been trying to do here all these years, besides Eca to God damn living, what it really boils down to is waking the dead. Try to rattle the spears of dead people. Even the young people are most of my dead. Just like this thing about charity governments and all these charity events and all the scams that Collin just mentioning that we should have had air behind and is worth smoking off the hook from people who've been involved in these things from people who were supposed to benefit from these things. This is a major scandal not just arthing here, but all over America. It's a scam at the fraud. I've already my freaking ass. It's just another excuse for a bunch of grave robbers to make a lot of money off something. That's all it is. And we don't even have to put it on the air. I mean, what a great deal it is for this place. You know, they go out and get a bunch of signs and banners. They send the nephew out there and you know, a little bit of a busy work. And all of a sudden, here's like an extra $0 billion. And we give these people a few free plugs on the air. That's why there were so psychotic about this reading was promos, because that's what they promised all these sponsors. That's been thousands and thousands and over 110 grand is what I hear to a sponsor this golf tournament. And the public is, you know, they're out there going. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I've got to make a couple comments here. Number one, these parents send their kids to school. Second, everybody in the Claire from Kids Sick. And so what are you talking about? The parents send their kids to school. What did they have to do with the price of rice? I don't know. They're all white. I guess. I don't know. They're all white? Yeah. Meaning what? Means that these people are WTOD. White trash on trucks? Yeah. And then you go to Target to get your prescription. Okay. Okay. But the traps in Target by the way deserves to deal with. Why trash? So what do you complain about? As whole. 567.0560. Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. 877. 785. Neal on the Florida line. 877. 775. 6345. Oh, you better get used to it. You got that look on your face. It's going to be this is a sci-sacotic. We'll have better shots. That's right. Eat all the chocolate. Okay. We'll make you feel better. Here's a mobile in Miami. Is gone? Okay. Let's try a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh. Then is it something weird? What is it? Then is it something weird? What is it? Then is it kind of weird, yes? Yeah. You can look at that place. I mean, you should sit there all day and don't get ready to go. Yeah. What do you want? Black phone. Okay. Get a phone at work and get that sock off it. Okay. Sir. Get an other day. Someone was told a small guy is going to get used to it. And he thought it's helped us. It was possible to get in through things while the Red Days came. There's a little bit the fuss here. Lee moved. They told children out there perquè they don't even want to get under this snap. Just a little bit like they had. The last few days. and they were going out of the front. Bob, we learned Bob, Mary, yeah? Yeah, so it's kind of funny. It's old guy standing for him big time. It says old. Yeah. But anyway, the reason for my call is I didn't know if you knew this, but O.J. had his kids down a few months ago, when he took him to go over academy and they took their entrance exam and they passed it. So you can move down to any time and put his kids in the school. We couldn't move for you. And? And that's it? OK. Thanks. Thanks for your bringing culture. See what I'm saying? I'm talking about all these other things. And it's like, like, I've told you before. They got their own agenda. We care about O.J., but we care about his guy then, kid, are we going to let him move here? No, no, so what are you talking about? Sir? Like the other guy with his white trash, a traveling target for their prescriptions, or whatever he's talking about. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. This is great. This is dynamite. This is a great luck. I said reading that article. A perfect reflection of what's this town's all about. 21, before 11, it's 5, 60, WCU. I've got two sets of ribs. Okay. All right, Tom everybody, down the round, a Grond Parkinson's idea. What kind of protest do you want?This day is all beingилась when it gets you water whammy, it's non-violent just comes for the right month because I'm the Garn<|af|> FORCER The girls are huge white. We started a game. We're not separated from all the bread and pour away. The gang remains. The gang remains. All the gang remains. The gang remains. The gang remains and the gang is exhausted with all the pictures. Some lost in bed. Who could spot the non-just? But let that talk. What can we do? What the trees? We can't make you don't close. Not afraid to part the scene. The gang remains. All the gang remains. They're all the gang's remains. The gang remains. All the gang's remains. The gang's remains. The gang's is in bed. We've lost an exhausted couple of hours. The gang remains. that he represented, Marcos, Influci, and Asian, all the other villages for weigh-ions. But a very few foggazons. Folks in the re-rethase of these things. They're basically a second point. They're quite a foggy foggy foggy. The fast-foot-out of the inn are all a breakfast or a lunch. The Gandhi-man. The Gandhi-man. Oh, the Gandhi-man. The Gandhi-man. He makes his head recover. Next is the Mla. The Gandhi-man. He makes his head recover. And makes his head recover. The Gandhi-man. Oh, and the off-time thing of half a prison is just. If I'm gonna do what I say. All right, swim. I will sacrifice them today. All right. 1045 and 560 WDK. Maybe you heard that little spothead started in the middle of that bit. Accidentally. And come to find out that this is part of the ongoing shenanigans here of the Beesley Read People. Because this is a new remote start that we got. A button that somebody who punches that. You punch it. I punch it. I'm kind of sitting making $3 an hour over there. And four miles at 7.7. They need to run the spots while we go into a break. Now we got to remote start button that George can punch here. So they can just open a bottle over there. And nobody has to be sitting there. So if I say, it's still gonna go on a year over there. Because nobody's running the board. They might have to pay somebody. A dollar 75 an hour to sit there. Or bring in some intern off the street. Who'd like to find out how to run a radio board. And maybe get into business a little bit. And do it for free. No, we don't want to do that. Do we? No, because we're the Beasley's baby. We invented cheap. 1600 open lines here this morning. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T line out of town line. It's 877, 785 Neil. 785, 6345. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Tamarack. Yes sir. New. First time caller. I want to tell you about a couple of ripples. One of them when I came down here Easter Seals. Yes, a man had 2700 boxes out in Bray, Dave and Broward. You know, you remember to be a seal kid. You'd take a piece of candy. You put a dollar a quarter and everything. Right. We found out later. He never had a license. And it was all disappeared within two weeks. Then I went to work for cancer care. I've been both at price. And I gave me $14 every box like to put into a restaurant. You take a peppermint patty. And you put in money. You have to wow. I got to know them so well. You have it every time she stands up there for money falls on. Yeah. Every time I got them over so well, I let me into the money room. So I got into the money changing machine. You know, the sorting for the coins. Right. The dollar bills that were all for knached. They would take straightened out and put it in their pocket. I got a check. And one time I said, you didn't pay me for gas. Money see pulls out a $10 dollar bill from his pocket. There you go. All right. And everyone, when I asked a guy about the East to see those issues, they don't care. Well, I'm given them one a 2% of all of the take. That's all I'm interested in. Beautiful. Now it's OJ. How in the hell do they back him when he's you never see him with a black face? You only see him with a blunt blue eye. Right. He's never done anything for his people. Right. And they're going to take pictures of him and show show to grandchildren. Look at this. I got a picture with OJ. Yeah. But most of the people, by the way, they were out there to go off to him and get in their picture made with him or white people. Which is even said. Which is even worse. That's correct. Some believe you. I guess so. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So all this charity stuff man more and more of it. We're finding a scam is the word fraud. Oh, yeah. We're running this charity campaign. It's like when you try to drive on a guy in high wind or these people standing at the street corner, which definitely ought to be outlawed by the way. Should be against the law. And they got a bucket. You know, like, oh, help the starving kids help the people with some terminal disease. You know, it just says, you know, help somebody on there. And we're about your guys running around and they got these, all and we're in the same kind of outfits on January. The cost tax foundation we're talking about now with the orange hats. Roger, Kossack. I thought he was on 12 30 on CNN. He's got a foundation now. I also started from OJ. But the cost tax found out what is that? And what I was doing the the guest show that we had some calls on that I was talking about it. Apparently it's this group a bunch of grave robbers. They round up all these homeless vagrants. Yeah, they don't get the bucket. Yeah, and out there collect money and where's it going? And going in 70's pocket. They're watched. They got people watching them to make sure that they don't pocket. I need a money out of the bucket. Great. Excellent. But they have nice ID tax. Yeah, they look lovely. Next time I see any you ask holes out there on the street corner. Raise them money for 80's kids and Jerry's kids and Thomas kids. Anybody else is kids? I'm going to run your ass over. How do you like that? And your kids too. Fraud scam. This is the American FN way, baby. People are starving to death and we got people out there. Just like these golf tournaments raising hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars for somebody. Not for the charity. It's here. We throw a little bone. We give a doggy bone. Here's a mobile and for a lottery. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Yes. Hello. I'm speaking to you, sir. Speak. Okay. I just want to give me a couple of comments about this golf issue. Are they talking about? Yes. You know, it's the only money that really goes. It's supposed to go to the club of her head fee. And then they put a little bit of money to the outlay for trophies. Yeah. And the rest, the user's or Pfizer don't either rest those loads of your charity. No, it does. Most people are like, it's closed when you just begin to fall with something like that. That's not a really one to say. Okay. But it doesn't, it doesn't go to the church. That's the point I'm trying to make you today, sir. Wake up your eyes. Lift the panties. Lift the flowers. Lift the daffodils. Okay. It doesn't. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Is that the people who sponsor these tournaments. I can't say all the time. But I certainly can say about this one. And I have a feeling most of the time. It's a big come on. And the law states that this is a really sad law to what a stupid law. That is it ought to be 90% of the proceeds have to go to charity. We're 90% of the net proceeds have to go to charity. And in order to qualify as a charity tournament, not a couple of bucks thrown in a little bone. Look at this. Look at this response here today. Man, these these people care about it. That's why it goes on. They don't care. Like I said, the people who went out there. They don't give a crap as long as they got through up elbows with some infamous people. And nobody ever heard of. That's all they give a crap about as long as they got to the screw up. And like the guy said, with a boss's money for that day. Unbelievable. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. 877-8656345 on the Florida line. Here's Daniel. Hello. You know. Yes sir. From LA and lived in LA for about 20 years. Uh-huh. And we used to go to the great Western forum to go see the lake as a lot. Yeah. I think the problem out here is not only a self-floor to two myths with a bunch of different type of assholes that don't care. But to go to these games is very inadequate. The way the way the way the way South Florida is mapped out. It's the pain you had to try to get to any place. Compared to LA. Yes. That's ridiculous. No. LA is spread out 50,000 times more than this area. It'll ever be LA. Is with us true. But you can jump on a freeway anywhere in LA and get to where you need to go. Sir, why not talking about how many people showed up. We're talking about the behavior of the people who were there. They were there and they were in a coma. But they're on a cell phone. They don't care. They have a passion for anything. Where you are sitting in a self-floor to kneel and everybody knows that out here the people are just assholes. Yeah. There behavior. The way they drive is the way they conduct themselves. You had to wear you go. You're sitting in self-floor to kneel and you know what? Me being from LA and being out here for five years. It's a lost cause. These people are floating around here like ghosts. And they don't care. They never will care. And I'm angry about it. But you know my job has me here. I make a lot of money. And I can't go. You want to know there's a lot of money? I know there's a lot of people. Well there's a lot of people say, Why don't you go back to LA? Well, no, my job is here. And I can't. But you guys are assholes and you still need to wake up. You need to learn how to not wake up. You're not going to learn how to cry. You need to just do this. Go with a flow pal. It's not going to change. Yeah. You're absolutely right. This place has a beautiful painted picture. But it's not what it says it is. It's a death now. It's not. Okay. Thanks, ma'am. God bless you. Okay. One call after the board. Devil gets to the music. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. One, two, three, four, five, five, five. Eight, eight, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten. Wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Any nail I use it on. Okay. You know where the same age. We don't have a similar background, but I believe in you for some time. And I think what you're talking about here as far as, as I'm talking point about what you're talking about. As far as the charity is concerned. Why don't you get involved in some kind of class in run a tournament run whatever. And make sure the money goes to the right place. You're already involved in doing the center one campaign. I don't want anything to do with the golf tournament because I know nothing about them. What do you mean why don't I get involved? I was more than make some money. I've raised $1 million. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pond, five, six, one, he ate the Indian D. Wireless line. Yeah, why don't I get involved with that crappy game? Which he didn't say crash. What he said. What he said. And I grew up with the unanswered. You're absolutely right. It is a shot he game. 877-785-634-85 on the other time. You notice not one person is going to say about this thing. We'll be able to read the last night and explain. And I'm sure we have plenty of people that were there last night. But can't explain for the life of them. Why we had these bit-as-people. Plastic. That's the word. Plastic. They have no enthusiasm. There's no feeling. It's like I talk about it to panther against. The whole league is having attendance problems. You should have seen all the anti-seeds in Pittsburgh last night. The media was probably in tears up there. Not only that, but seen his team lose the game. Thousands of empty seats in all the joints. But at least you go to some of the places and the people that show up, they're into it. Whatever they went through to see. And I keep asking that question, why do you go? Why do you go? If you just want to stand up and keep running around on back and forth and up and back and talk on your cell phone. Why do you spend the money to go to these places? And nobody will tell me the answer. Nobody. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. First of all, few things. With regards to the attendance of the arena, each of the first one to say, what the hell the sports matter anyway? I mean, what does it return to your life? You sit there, you watch a game. Okay, so you're talking about the people who went there. Why did they go? If they're not enthusiastic about being there. Why did they spend the money? It's not it. Okay, there's another guy that's got on his mind. Okay, that seems to be the main theory in town this week is that life is full of stress. S.A. Okay. Wow. Man, oh, and this is some week, okay. Just when you've been doing this about 400 years here and you think that you've seen it all in all of a sudden that we like this comes in. Snacks you're right in the post. Whatever you said, pal. There is sterico. 1056 and 560 QA. Holy Oh, bae, bae sobbing! But you're too early, watch out! Good afternoon. Oh, bae bae Bumble and make a big nother long. Bumble and make a big a long. There, bae bae Bumble with me long. Here, you don't have to swallow. Oh, you're gone down on me. Oh, yeah. Where is this under by a palm your face? Hmm. You can't fall for it, man. Who's this? Whoa, yeah, I'm on. The roughly that I'm pleased with. Good work. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Who's your dad now? Hey, what are we doing? I was doing a 560 WCM, the home of the permanent handicapped. Oh, we got hey, Goldberg at Shuelas today. We got the book, Shambi, 68030. The Panthers that had been tentatively ordered tonight. By the way, I got the hockey news, which I don't want to get hockey intensive, but they got the player salaries of everybody in the league. And I'll get into that little bit later on. When you find out a couple of the people on the Panthers that are making very serious money, and much more than they should be, you might get a little bit pissed off, and nevertheless. So wait to hear the rest of the story as Paul Harvey would say, about four Myers in 770 over there. WWCN now being called QAM West or whatever it is, and I'll call it QAM Jr. Not only is George had this button in there, because they don't want to pay a board up 5 bucks an hour or three bucks an hour. They haven't been paying anybody. The program director would at station. Are you ready for this? They're so cheap over there to be, that's the program director has handed a shit there from 10 to 2, punching up the spots sitting around the board. Unable to do any other work with whatever the hell he does over there. Oh my God. And the best part of it is George is pressin' the button, but it don't work. Far as off the spot. I'm serious. I can't imagine. I've known some cheap people in my life. I mean, we both know Rimmer. No, no, seriously. And he's not even an league with these people. I mean, he's mysterious Santa Claus converted to, we've all known people who are cheap. But the beesleys, you are the cheapest, the most unconscionable bastards, all the millions and millions of dollars that some of us are pumping through. Just this station for you. God only knows how much you're making from power 96. And kiss and all your other goddamn horseball stations. And your phone number only religious stations. And all the other crap. And they don't want to spend three or four bucks an hour to put a guy in kid under just to sit there and fire the spots off. And they have the program director, Santa. How do you think, Bluff? Even a pussy like him. How do you think he would react? If Greg come in and said, hey, fuck. You're gotta go in there and press the spots every time and he'll go into the break. Where do you think he'd say? Oh, well, he might cry about it though. Yeah, but he would do it. You're right. Pussy. Good guy, but he's a real pussy, you know. He realizes he's up against it. And so the way. Sidney Austray, can this be for real? Hello. This is a real call, but sounds like things haven't changed since I left. No sir, there's that. Even worse, there aren't believably worse. I've been gone since October 16th. And I'm here in Sidney Austrolia, I'm living in breathing city with loving your breathing. You have been being close line and everything. And I said, I'm getting on the plane at 5.30 tonight. And I haven't called Neil the foot of pinnacle to say, phone call from Sidney. Well, I'll put a pin in my back. I was at it. It sounds like things haven't changed. What's I'm not gonna ask what's going on. It's beyond relief. You wouldn't even begin to believe it. I'd listen, any. I called you about how long did it take to get there? We talked about this from Los Angeles to Sidney. The flight was 14 hours and 20 minutes. And the flight back to night. I know the flight back the afternoon. I'm leaving at 5.30, Sidney time. And I'm arriving in Los Angeles. No, in the same day. It's a 13 and a half hour flight. But yeah, I got to tell you something. I know you said that you said the same thing when I spoke to you about a month ago or whatever. Wash your hands in pretty nice. I got to think that the people are nice to. They're friendly to hold bit. I mean, the scenery and the people are just tremendous here. But you're right. It's a long flight. I don't want to see you all. Yeah. You know, so it's as simple as that. And I've been trying to keep up with going on back home. I don't want to talk about it now. I hear Walter Payton died and a few other things. I mean, the news here, you get it like three or four days later because of the time difference and all that. Don't worry about that. Nobody on this day. And it's only supposed to be a sports station. Nobody's talking about Walter Payton dying here on this stage. Anyway, I mean, so. You know, they're not. They're not. They're talking about how Jacksonville's a nice team. But they don't cover the spread every week. But other than that, nobody on this stage. And they've got much of anything to say about Walter Payton died. Well, that that's as a shame. Well, listen, I'm going to be back home probably in a week. But I please please make a doosh bag called the two people trans Pacific. Oh, I know you don't do it anymore. I'm going to head. Thank you very much. Party ambassador. You were two trans Pacific doosh bags. Neil, I love it. Have a great day. Okay. Bye bye. See you down under. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. By the way, this Friday, of course, I mean, I'm drowning in a sea of birthday cards here. Remember the old days you don't remember the old days. Maybe you do. When the mail would start pouring in, you know, I'll be getting all these birthday cards from people in the audience. They just they don't care about anybody. I don't think they even care about themselves anymore here. They're so callous and cold and hostile. November 5, 2 days from now, I'll be 57 years old. 57 years old of which 23 years, I've spent in this festering rotting place. Fighting the good fights, screaming and yelling the good yell. Trying my god damn best to wake up the walking dead. Did I succeed it? No, no, put a little money to bank though. I don't know. I got a birthday card for my mother. Got a birthday card from Craig Warding with some guys picture in it. I won't go into that. Yeah. And that's about it. Of course, it's only the third. We still got two days to go. You know, I bet you that mail. I bet you when Carlos comes in today. He'll be getting a hernia carrying all that mail. Happy birthday, Neil. We love you. Happy 57. Maybe you're still. Yeah, we're gonna add my eldest other crap. Is that gonna happen? No, no. They just don't care as cold. And spite of the climate here, man, this place is as cold as the Arctic. Frigid. You can feel it. You can smell it. You walk outside. You look at people. You almost get instant freezer burn. Here's homestead. Hello. Morning sir. All right. You're okay. A couple of things to cover. I think you barely touch the tip of the iceberg. On this charity crap. Well, nobody seems to be concerned about that. I'm sorry, I'm sorry about that. I'm concerned about years ago. I was working in a place. We had a bunch of those damn dumbbobble chains in there. Right. And the guy comes in once a week or once a month. But whatever it is, empty mountain, put new crap in him. And we got to talk to him one day. And they land club charities or whatever the hell charity is. And he says all they have to do is like, you know, throw him five bucks a week or something like that. And they're all happy. And he's collecting like, you know, he's at like 25 or 30 machines around town. Right. And he's collecting like 500 bucks a week. And he sends them in, you know, 30 bucks or whatever it is. Right. And everybody's happy. I'm in a wrong business. How many of you are? You're in a wrong business. It's just to, you know, I mean, it's not a question to conscience because when you work for this company, you couldn't have a conscience anyway. So that's nothing to do with them. I'm just in the wrong outfit. I could like that color about four or five calls ago. That guy, he, he hit the nail around the head about charity. They, they, as long as they get two bucks or five bucks, they don't care. Yeah. And you can use their name all over health half acre. And number two, that cutlerage, any slenice? Yeah. It's owned by a bunch of Palestinians or, or, you know, some people from the East. Oh, yeah. And we got a meeting there. Years and years ago. Those, those people are soon. They ain't got a chance in hell. Why is that? Because they like it's served there. Nobody. We had 40 people in there and not one soul could get a glass of water. Man, a big name. We went to the room. Yeah. This is a week. It was actually a, you know, you can't complain about the service there because you're there. There's none. We got club meeting there like the week before her can enter the plan. Her came strategy. Yeah. And nobody could get it. Well, maybe it's just a dummy denies. Maybe there's not really any kitchen or any food back there. It's just a, well, they, they probably, it looks like denies. They probably would have done many denies. People go sit there and wait and then they leave. There you go. So, you know, what the hell? Low overhead anyway. Yeah. Exactly. Hey, have a great day. And back to it. Yeah. That's a complaint about the food costs. Which you think they even have maybe some of those mother hump or pie. Uh-huh. 560, 50560, pound, five60. I, I'm, I'm a schmuck. I mean, I guess I must be very naive. I never really gave it that much thought before. But I thought that if somebody alleges that they're going to do something from charity, that most of the money goes to charity. Makes sense to me. I guess that's what they're counting on is you think and that. Oh. And the rest of this too. Uh. 10 minutes after 11 at 560, WQM. Well, that's the deal. 90 lines, BDSF. And the label is because it's perfect. Hey! Get them now. Let's set the second lead in proud fuss west of all the boys. And four pires, two. Is, uh, the best of the, of benefit boys. And you're one. From 560, you A now. It's alive. I am not an ugly. Yeah. We can. All right. Well, the Nazis ran away before half-day cannon. Yes. Now the KKK have good days because of the cannon. Yeah. If you are yellow or purple or done for the drones, you'll be like loose the lead. And hanging upside down. You can rock and roll your guns with half-in power. But if you want to kill those guys, step them to the showers. And then some free things that cats and your rights are slipping away. All right. You've got this. You've got this. For a pack haul. Two days. And you can't even have all. How? 11.15 at 560 WF2A and I loved it in one line. And this story by Ken Rodriguez in the Herald Sports section this morning. I'll read it again. Miami or Raina needed to be checked for a pulse. Yeah. This town usually needs to be checked for a pulse. I come in here every day to last 500 years. Checking you through a pulse out there, do we hear a heartbeat? 560-50560 pound-56 on the AT&T line. That line, nine men. That's going over like Hall of Onside, Beria. 877-785-Neal. 877-785-6345 on our tool free line for the rest of Florida. Woo. Including four miles by the way, where they're too cheap to get a board up in it or watch the show and play the spot. That must be sound pretty good by the way. When you're hitting that button and it's like, whatever's going on over there. We don't care. I'm sorry. Yeah, it sounds really bad. Here's Miami, hello. Woof, run over. Okay, thanks. 28 minutes and 35 seconds later. Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to make two comments. One on the golf tournament. Maybe the QAM donated the money to hold you to help find those Colombians. Yeah, I hope they'll hold on next. The second thing is about the fans. I take my son to the arena there. And it seems like the people that walk around want to be there. Just in case something great happens, so they can be a part of it, but don't necessarily care about the substance. They seem like... In case something great happens, well, and that's a... I mean, if you went into double overtime, and most of the people were long gone by that time. Well, it's like the same people that were at the World Series for the... for the Marlins camp. Those weren't the same people that followed the team all year long. Right. It's just bad. But I can jumpers. Exactly. You have a lot of band... Let me ask you why... I mean, even forgetting if it's corporate seats and somebody else gave you the tickets. Why do you make the effort? Why do you spend the gas money? Why do you go there if you really had no interest if you're wandering around in a hall? If you're talking on your cell phone, if you're sitting there nodding off, what's the point of going out? Nobody can explain that to me. I don't get it. I think those people that walk around just want to be seen by someone. Like all that, I think that's a good point. Like these people have sitting in front of me at the Mcerrina. The hockey games. They're not there to watch the game. Most of their thing, there's some of these people. It's to smooth with these other people. And they're waving at people across the way. It's like a social club. But no matter how many of you have any interaction. It just hopes somebody... Yeah, the bottom of the wing club. And, you know, somebody spots on the stairs or yet the game. Yeah. Wow. And don't care what's going on. What a life. They said, it's the same people that, you know, they'd rather live in a, they live in a real big house with no furniture inside. Yeah. Because they want people to see the outside, the facade. Got an open. No substance. Okay. That's it. Good point. Thank you. We were there. Yeah. And do you want to go out? Well, we don't know what happened. But we were there. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. 877, 785, Neil. 877, 785, 6345 on a Florida line. Is that line working today or what? Hello? Hello? Hello? No. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing, man? Where are you calling from? West Palm. West Palm. I just punch a line up. It doesn't ring all of a sudden. I'm looking at the pole. Yeah. It must be like a nail again. Yeah. Wow. I mean, it didn't even ring you. It's not unbelievable. I'm just amazed myself sometimes, you know? Well, when you punch it up, you usually hear something. And that's what happened. Yeah. I'll be goddamn cool, man. Yeah. So what's up? Anyways, a couple of things. These people with these cell phones at the places. You know, you walk with at the world series, right? Yeah. And they said, and talk on the first, like, who cares? You know, everybody in the world has a sofa. I can see if it's somebody who's like, I'm call. If it's a doctor, if it's a paramedic, you know, you see these people that are wearing the little beepers that are there. I don't know if that I understand if they watch out of there. That's right. But some other schmuck out there, you know, talking to his, you got body two sections down. I mean, that's the epitome of plasticity. I have never seen so many plastic people trying to impress us all. They're like five year old kids that got cell phones through their drug deals. I mean, I like we're supposed to be impressed because some assholes got a cell phone. And I bet you there's nobody on the other line. And that's what could be. They're probably telling about that. They're having up there with their lips moving. Right. Anyways, with charities, you know, I used to give people money on the side of the road and stuff, you know, if they had like no arm or something, you know, they were in bed. One day I pull up to a light and the car in front of me gave this, the homeless guy a handful of change, right? Yeah. The guy looks at the change. He picks out the pennies like maybe 20 pennies and throws them on the ground. And it's like that that did it for me. Never again. You know, they come up to the car just wave them off. Yeah. It's like never again. Nothing under a 20 man. I'll tell you, I'll work for a Zillion box, you know, I bought that. They can't grow a few man. I want to do 135 mil. Yeah. And he wants to be close to his hometown. He wants to be close to where I go. Here's another example. Here's a guy loyal to the fans. Okay. He's played this whole career up there in Seattle with those long-suffering fans. He demands to be traded now. He wants to be closer to his home because they got it's only making that kind of money. Can't afford those long-distance flights, you know. A bus fair home. As far as I'm concerned, they can all croak. You know what I'm saying, pal? You can all stick it with a moon don't shine. You can't even get a kid and have a great day. Yeah. I think I like my picking that thing up the way that was. That was amazing. God. Psychic Neil continues to a stunner. Neil God. 560, 505, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line. 877, 785, Neil. 785, 6345 on our statewide line. I just picked up cool. I guarantee you'll be a dial tone now. Say I told you. Psychic Neil again. I should open up one of those psychic things. I'm going to go on business with Schroke Griffin and Shirley Twitters. That's what I'm going to do. Get out of this guy, damn crap. Sitting here, demeaning myself, working for a bunch of grave-raving assholes, everything. What the hell was that? Here's Pompano. Hello. Pompano. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. It lives on tranches. It's got what they deserve because they sold their stolen corporation years ago. Yeah. There's everybody there's somebody else who's pick it. They're all somebody else who's down. It's a meeting. Well, they're killing themselves, man. You're right. They've shot the goose that laid the big one. And it's the same thing in the morning. What's the first team? Aquitlessness. It's just so long. It's tedious. I drive 20 minutes to work. I'm going to let you if I get two minutes to talk. And 18 minutes to commercials. Yeah. And at the ball games, they layer the music. So loud. Every other thing is a commercial. Inside the arena. It's so loud. You can't even talk to your kids to try to explain. And they don't give you five seconds resty. I mean, when the music stops for like two seconds, you think, my God, what are we leaving? And then all of a sudden, just when you're here starting to air out again, they started up again. And they're doing it. Panther game. Oh, yeah. Big time. They got that thing cranked up nice and loud again, too. For a while, they had it down to a dull roar. Now they got to crank that way too loud again. I think you're on kids with me to the games. I'm trying to, I'm going on a big game. And they can't even hear me. It's just frustrating. Yeah. I'm going to go. I guess that's all I'm going to. OK, pal. See you. Have a great day. Here's a facts to George from by cell radio online in Cape Coral. It says Neil May or may not have these numbers, but I just heard him talking about Beasley's billing. The next two pages are from Dunkin' to Merrick and Radio 1999 edition. And the show Beasley's billing in both mind and a Fort Myers markets. I recently retired in Cape Coral after 34 years in radio. I love Neil Show Kerri, Radio 1, 10 to 2 every day. 7, 7, 8 joins your show in progress more times than not every week. What, why are you notting your head? Yes, what is the reason for that? I've heard all kinds of horror stories. I just wrote it off. Why did they do that? Because the previous show, you know, runs, they don't have a clock. I've apparently, maybe they can't afford a clock over here either. They either have a hour of time. The morning guys, thanks and surely most affect your numbers on the side of the States, and sign gene conference. Anyway, so here's the numbers. Miami Fort Lauderdale. Revenue for all my God. Wait till you hear, you're going to, you're going to, you can't read these because everybody in the building turn off your radio right now. And you go take a dump or something. I do have to pee. Well, you're not going to be very happy when you hear these numbers, okay? The highest billing stations. Number one is radio Amor, according to this. 17.5 million. Power right down the hallway here, which has an overhead of about about about $0.50. Yeah. $12.8 million. EDR, 12.4 million. QAM, 12.3 million. To make a long story short, here's the combined revenue. Here is the combined revenue. And what the Fort Myers and Naples, how do they be building this much over there? I don't understand this. I see that's where the whole market. I'll have to get to the breakdown momentarily. I'm sure that that's 7.78 billion much of anything. No, I don't think it even makes the list. But anyway, clear channel, which owns a whole bunch of stations is big and why 100 and wins and I would be and lose and love. And what is that? Megmo, no three, four, five and Zeta. All of those stations, they're combined revenue. 52 and a half million per clear channel in this market. Number two, owning only three stations, kiss, power, and this piece that turned here QAM, easily combined revenues of 36 and a half million dollars. Oh, these are the same people who won't hire a board out to sit over there on the board in Fort Myers in Naples, Rebenelli R. And sit there on the board to punch up the spots. These are the same people that we have to beg and practically get into a lawsuit. We have to threaten to take the court to get that 800 lines, which we still don't have work in right for all over America, which is supposed to be working to get any little piece of equipment in here. We have to threaten, we have to jump up and down and the big cheese fans there and says, oh, we're not cheap. Whatever it takes, these are the same people that can't get the construction done here on the third floor that it's a three month project that's taken three years. Thirty six million five hundred thousand dollars and they're running golf tournaments and throwing a bone to the charity so they can pocket thousand and thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars of unsuspecting sponsors money. And every time we ask for anything that might call, how about that voice or how's that doing? No. How about a little piece of how about a computer in there so we don't have to reboot the phone system every morning and have to go through this and oh, okay. Thirty six and that's only in this market boys and girls. It's 11 27 at five 60 WQF. You have to send me a big toss or a week. Right here. I'm going to give it to you. No. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. No. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. Oh. Tough. I'll calm down. It's a lot of pretty wanted 560WQM. So anyway, you look at the Fort Myers market. Now the station they were on over there, 770WCN. They build their next to last in revenue. I mean, right close to the bottom. They only build 180,000 last year. But, thesely also owns WXFB. What is it? WXKB FM in K-Coral, which is the number one pillar over there, 3.5 million last year. They also own WJBX and WJST FM, which between in the middle of the million and half. So that's 5 million. In a market where the entire revenue last year was 24 and a half million. So among their four stations, they build over 5 million over there and still can't afford 3 or 4 bucks an hour to put a board up over there to press the spots. Oh, my God. Not to mention of course can't afford to buy a suit. That goes without Sam. 560, 560, pound 560, happy birthday to Neil. Thank you very much. Good to see you on Friday. Cards are pouring in here. Wait till I'm done. That's why the mail hasn't come yet. You mark my words. Carlos is going to be bringing in wheeled barrels full of it and cards too. Here's having a tour. Hello. Good morning Neil. Happy birthday. Well, thank you so much. Poor Harvey this morning. Yes. In Pennsylvania, small town. They have an election. They woman that they elected council woman died last week. There you go. There's shipping. Yeah. Probably win in Tamarack. I guarantee. That's it for me. Thanks for there. I'm out to the new mayor of sunrise. Thank you very much. Because he's ahead everybody else. Proper up in a chair. She's elected. 750,000 open lines at the moment 5, 6, 705, 60. And I don't know if I'm 50, 50, 50, 50. See what I'm saying about these people. They don't give a crap. About anything. About me. About themselves. About anything that's going on here. And so Ken Rodriguez wonders in the start of the newspaper. Why they were all there's sitting on their hand. Visex. There were just doing what comes natural. Ken. Yeah. They were just kind of slumped over. Eeeey. Like you guys said before, they probably weren't even talking to anybody on the cell phone. They were just trying to impress everybody else. Oh, look at me. I got a cell phone. I hate to break the news to even a slippers in Italy over there. I'll walk it around on the streets with cell phone because it's such a novelty over there. Is it a novelty here? No. It's an novelty like white bucks. Here's a mobile in the Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. It's gone to touch that place. Did you on this charity? Not. Touch a wiser. The, I know you've seen this Christmas tree places that report to the part of the J.C. He's in the boy's gap. Sure. He's a perfect. My family's in the Christmas tree business. And the, what they do is they just make an agreement to use their name. Same thing. They pay them immediately. Two, three hundred, five hundred at the most. And they're quick and in thousands. And we absolutely. Absolutely. What a scam. It is. Why do you know why do you know the government is always sticking to those in all kinds of other meaningless things? Here's something that's important. It's a fraud. It's misrepresentation. And the public gets sucked in thinking probably that they're doing something positive and most of the money released a big chunk of it is golden charity. And it's a fraud. Absolutely. My family, we refuse to do that. We don't want to report to be doing something for somebody that we're not. Right. So we don't set up to do any of that stuff. And these people don't understand the, go, I'm going to buy it from the boy's house. You're not buying it from the boy's house. On boy's house. We've got to get me a couple hundred bucks at the most. Well, I'm buying my Hanukkah Bush from you this year. Absolutely. There's an honor sky okay. They're not trying to put one over on the public. Every year, I don't want to sound like jaded or something like that or naive, which I guess I must be. But everything is a fraud here, especially down here in the home of Schlok. Most of the doctors down here, Schlok. Most of the lawyers down here, Schlok. Most of the radio people you want to work with. Schlok. Everything is Schlok. Charity. Schlok. And I'm sitting here like I'm surprised. Why, I'm trying to forget my age. You must be really naive. Yeah. Sorry. It's like they're thinking, oh, you think we're going to go through all of this work to raise money for these damn best. I'm charity. We're doing this work to raise money for the goddamn join here. Yeah, that's right. You guys, you're busting your balls out there. We had the CDs were all screwed up. George is running around all over the time. We're not getting anything out of this. I donate the first 10 grand out of my pocket to send a one to get this thing started over here because these people are too goddamn cheap to put up the front. Did you get to get the goddamn CDs? Press. I mean, I don't want to sound like a permit down of it. The number of people left in this goddamn world seems that really want to do something benevolent just out of it because they believe in something. You could count on the fingers of one hand. God. Oh, no. We don't give a crap about that. That's just a hook. That's just a hook to lure these people in. And then we'll stick all the other money in our pocket here. And then we'll cry for them out. Go on paper. We'll show a loss like this thing. I'm glad he gave me this thing. By the way, I'm hanging on to this. What do you think? $50 per CD next year. We'll split it. Yeah. There you go. By the way. The price of all our stuff. This CD and the keychain just went up to 100 bucks a pop. Okay. Twenty percent or one. 80. George and I split the other way. Okay. Yeah. There you go. I'll see you some other lifetime. Okay, after January. I'll be out of here. a great robber, $35 million they're building. And they act like they're a poverty stricken, like they don't know where the next guy there, meal is coming from around here. You ought to see the way this construction pride you would know what an offer cry, because they're paying the contractor peace meal, peace meal. Every time they get to guide them, spatula out there to put a little guide them, crap on a guide them, dry wall there. Oh, well, we haven't paid for that yet. There goes the crap right back down in the old wheelbarrow again. Yeah, that's right. That's the way it works here. One spatula at a time, QAM. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Fort Myers. On a road of time line, there were paint on that money for it. Thanks for waiting, sir. I thought we were going to get a spy report. I'm just exactly what is going on. That's not a station over there, but I guess not. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877, 785, 6345 on at line 9, which I thought we actually had a live one on there for a moment. Excuse me for getting carried away. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Feel how are you? Okay. I agree. I'll even those little canisters when you go to stores, you know, for whatever benevolent association or children that the bunch of people. They're going to hang away from those. They always do. You saw all the stories, I was a big scam and stuff like that. You know, those scam is your insurance. Yeah, homeowners. Yeah. I had a problem with that last Irene. Right. I mean, these day nitpick. I mean, I was even here that when I hit, I mean, I flipped waters come through my house, damaged my car, but damaged my tile, knocked down my fence and then I say, well, some of this is wind, some of this is hurricane. I was like, what the hell is you guys problem? It's like they're giving it out of their own checkbook. Right. Like for eight years, I've been playing. I hit those and they're all insurance companies. They're very, very anxious for you to pay your premium. Oh, yeah. Make your money. I mean, it comes time to pay any kind of a claim man. Oh, they got examined with a fine tooth comb and sent out 20 different, just the juicers, right. These are juicers. They think like I'm taking it from every hit wall. I mean, I paid two grand a year, times eight years, that's 16,000 I paid. And they wanted to be like, you know, crap estimates. You know, I'm going to ask you to be better than I was. Just put me back to how I was. Yeah. And it's just unbelievable. And it's still care. And it's like, here's the shit. What do you do? You got to fight them? You did to give you a, I went, damnish tile the diet puts down to clean it. I'm like, you idiot, this loose tile from water. What am I to clean it? Tom, tell them to clean this. I told them to, yeah. I, I went for right out and told them to clean this. Hey, I've got to see an F stock doing. What is this? Did you have to see an F? Oh, that's in the crack for you. I forgot about that. I told you a few weeks ago, Cree. Absolutely right. Cree. CRE. Okay. Check it out. See you. Don't give me started on the stock market. Because that's another deal we got down here. Speaking of Shlock, I don't want to get started about that. Okay. Oh, boy. What a place. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. 20, the Luma got a hand-citch hole is today. We got the books to read six. Panthers at Edmonton A3 tonight. Any interest in that? No. Go mad. What's the with you? Go from a spoco. Oh. Coach, a love filled Bradley. Don't we need Bill Bradley. Ewe. He frozen six feet tall. Played for about six pounds. All right. Coach, a love filled Bradley. Yeah, we need him, Bradley. He's gonna win the race. Yeah. People love him cause he isn't out for joy. Yeah. Did I mention that? He isn't out for joy. He played for the only. He doesn't borrow six. Yeah, we love him cause he isn't out for joy. Not out for joy. Not out for joy. Not out for joy. Not out for joy. Yeah, he's not out for joy. I play it one time for joy. I play it one time for joy. I play it one time for joy. We love Bill a lot. Coach, because he's not borrowing out for joy. Well, I don't just want Bill Bradley. Coach, I love Bill Bradley. Fourteen till noon at five, sixty w to q a m five six seven. O five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Yes sir. I just wonder which you a happy happy birthday. Well thank you so much man. Those cards are just pouring in here. Well, I can't marry a car because I'm drowning around in a tow truck right now. But I wanted to, I wanted to touch base. I want to find out a little bit info from your real quick. If I could. Yes sir. So your best of CDs in the past. Is any of those contains lane stuff? Yeah, but you went back on the first one. I think one of the first ones. Well, if I can't find it one of the stores and I'll go beat somebody up for it. Well, maybe Senator one has got it. You can call in. Okay. Okay. And long time, Mr. T.N. I've turned so many people on to you and they just, I mean everybody loves you to death. Well, I can tell today this week I can feel it, you know? Well, I don't take no crap in that he's charity organization either. You know how it is. You get in my dollar of penny goes to the charity and the rest of it goes in from well. George and I do. I'm going to break George and I decide I'm going to start doing that next year. I think you got a share. We're starting our own charity school. Please family George, no go get in bonus checks. That's right. Have a great day, pal. Meal, okay. Here we love you. Thanks a pile. All right. All those are got it still loves me. How do you like that? There's one. I'll tell you they're so tough. Man, they are so tough. They're brutal. They're impossible. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Yeah. Next year it's going to be for the benefit. What all do we expect to you know, my good friends at Senator one. We've raised a lot of money for them. But we're moving on. Now the NRJR fund, the new Roger George Rodriguez fund. The retirement fund sounds good to me. And we're going to be working feverishly to pedal these things next year. Oh yeah. Oh, listen, we're not just going to have Mitspeks and borders and shopping malls. We'll be out there in our spare time pedal to Montenegro Street Corner's too. And merchandise, boy, you haven't even seen this. We're going to come up with all kinds of stuff. Right. In fact, they're the right price. We'll both come to your house right in your face. Not just, no, not just a button. We'll do it right there for your live. Any flavor you like. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50. Seriously, I just, I don't know what it is this week. Man, is it just one of those fast two weeks? These people this week, man, I could give $1000 a piece. And they still, nothing will get to them. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. You're Neil. Yes, sir. Same boring stick every day. And thanks for listening to me for who a 5, 60 QAM. What have I always told you about guys like that? Every day. Not just like, you know, every day. He's got to emphasize. Same boring stick every day. Thanks for listening religiously every day to the around your show here on 5, 60 QAM. There's another one of our famous misfits in South Florida. Another one is wonderful people who make life so pleasant here in this town. Not somebody who can reach over and turn the dial or somebody who can dittle himself for four hours in the middle of the day every day. Or do something you might actually enjoy. Same boring stick every day. Yeah. And I'm glad that we're entertaining with the church. Let me just ask you this. Seriously. What are you going to do when I'm gone? When I leave here, what are you going to do then? You'll be so crestball. You're probably at the, you'll probably be calling 411 and 911 and 1111 every 15 seconds. Because you won't know what to do with yourself. Same boring stick every day. Like, and we ever talked by the way about charities and about repossent charities before ever since I've been on here. No, because this is the first time that I really realize anything about it because I'm very slow and very naive, I guess. First time I've ever come across this topic, sir. But it's the same boring stick every day. Which is why you're glued to the goddamn radio with your guy named Elmer's and LePage's glue. Am I correct? Uh-huh. Thank you. Point and be, Chela. Good morning Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. I am a woman. Yes, ma'am. I, but you know, to be a sorry, you're a woman. Some days I am. Oh. I'm going to have it easier sometimes. I discovered you by action and on the dial about six weeks ago. Uh-huh. What do you have to be in action because we get no promotion? No, there's no radio call and down here. There's no coverage. No, that's right. There's nothing. Correct. After I wiped up on my coffee off the counter from laughing to death, I would like to thank you very much for being a loan voice of humanity. Yeah. And I would not want to be the last one to wish you a very happy birthday. Would you probably not leave South Florida? Oh, oh. Don't say that. Many have us down here with transplants. Uh-huh. We are not accustomed to the walking wounded. Walking dead. We need a voice. We need someone to let us know when I'll be only one's out here. Okay. Thank you so much. And if you do go someplace, please let us know where it is. Okay. See ya. Take care. Take a bite, please. Okay. 560, 750, 5060 on the AT&T line, 877, 785, Neil, 785, 6345. Here's we do the same. Oh, I love those calls, man. I love them. I get sexual excitement from those calls. Every single day. This man is listening four hours a day, five days a week. When George is out, when I'm out when we're off the air, when the test pattern is on, he's glued to it. And like I said, happy birthday and effu, Neil. Thank you. The walking iceberg known as soft floor, you can smell it. Here's a mobile and open lock, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Happy birthday, Neil. Thanks. 20-fifth year old Sparta and open lock. All right. The birthday last week. Well, happy birthday. Thank you very much. I got two questions for you. First of all, we're cutting the key chains. We're going to have a quick phone at a sex. Now, only our appearances, which the next one is a week from Saturday. The 13th noon to 2 with the specs on US1 down by the Gables. Okay. What are you doing? Good deal. And the second question I have, you know, I do a little part time. Bouncing or South Beach. I'm going to float in most of my life. And I look at these people and I have to ask. Is anybody care? They don't. They don't. They don't. You know, they only, this is a city of high school bodies. They're looking care. They don't. They only think they want to do is give you a venom. Like this other guy. You know, venom. Just spew it at you. You know, what do you deserve it or not? Well, you know, peed on their parade or not. They just want to spew their venom. My wife hates you like poison. And she says, oh, well, you know, it's one of those things where I, I just can't help it. I listen to it this year. I shut up. You like it. You love it. She likes it. I love you. Happy birthday. I hope you live another 57 years. And thank you for all the last. Thank you for all the memories. And slap that picture around a little bit. Okay. Got a lot of you, sir. I'll pray for. All right. Thank you. Not him. 560, probably maybe we'll get in the dress for this spex down there. I mean, I don't want to put a lot of pressure on Brian or the nephew or anybody like that. But maybe we'll get in the dress. I mean, it's on South Fixie Highway. They're right across from the U of M. The spex down there in the Gables. That's where we'll be away from the sat, away from saturday. They'll be saturday over 13 noon to two. And we'll have the key chains and the CDs and the cassettes and the t-shirts and all this stuff. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, I am. Happy birthday, dude. Thanks. We love you. I can feel it, man. I'm just showered with it. Well, you know, like you said about 90% of your audience doesn't call in anyway. I'd like my wife, my wife's closet listener. Every comment, make a statement about something. She knows exactly where I got it from. I mean, you open all our eyes about your litching and this and that and the other. Yeah. The charity things are scam. I got a deal with this in about once a month. I come back from lunch and there's a some sort of small denny machine. You know, like the chewing gum or something in my lobby. And I've taken it and I said it's that is in the back. So it's, you know, it is a scam and you got to watch out for it. Who picks what's going to be on the belt of CDs? I do. You do. Yeah. How did you let that farmers daughter get away with that? That was an oversight. You will have to wait for the next year. Go ahead and have me again. Okay. I'll play it for it. I'll play it for it. Thanks. Okay. Yeah. It was an oversight. Okay. It's one of those things. But I guess what? Even I make a mistake. No. And I'm going to. Even God is in perfect. Okay. After all he invented screw in. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T line. 877785 Neil on a Florida line. Which is just smoldering man. It's smoking. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes, sir. I just moved in town from Iowa. I just happened to catch your show. Uh-huh. I wonder what it's all about here. I mean, what would mean what it's all about? I mean, do you just cut down everybody here? Yeah. Do you have a purpose out there? Yeah. I just cut everybody down. Including people from Iowa. We're not too crazy about people from Iowa. You're kidding me. No. Oh, well. Can't stand people from Iowa. What's that? I said people from Iowa generally turned out to be, you know, prawn ponds. Oh, well. Okay. Well, we do supply with 22% of the food yee. That's another net. That's why we're all dying from it. All of disease corn. All right. All the hormone induced cattle that we know, kill us. Yeah. Well, you're lucky. Not that lucky great stake from Omaha, though. You're lucky. You're lucky. That's right. Next to ring the bride. What is it? You're lucky. You're not getting that mad cow disease. We could enter German. I don't think they had mad cow disease. I think it was in England last time I checked. But now it's just saying that's European. You know, those Europeans. Yeah. They're all animals anyway. Okay. Well, listen, welcome to South Florida. I'm glad you enjoy the show. Yeah. It's interesting. Yeah. There you go. See, even though you don't like it, you find it interesting. Well, I just find the commentary a little bit funny at times. Yeah. Well, that's the idea. You know, when you're down, you'll discover when you're being here long enough that you love this show because getting a good laugh here is not easy. Really? That's for damn sure. You'll get all that. No, I'm not a rabbit. Yeah. I'm a rabbit. Yeah. I got to keep my eye out the window to make it. Like I said, okay. Well, listen, you have a great day. Okay. 560, 560, 560, see, he hates me. He still likes me. How do you like that? Oh, yeah. Same old stick new everyday. Yeah. Oh, God, if I had a dollar for every moron in this town, I could buy it. I could buy the whole goddamn place. Four minutes till noon at 560 QA. Kim Polkafer talks sports. OK. OK. I'm going to cause a lot of trouble. Let's go. I'll see you in the evening. I'm going to have me going on a day. There were no farmer who lives on here. I was. I didn't know man. Ojas, a thing is, is that some boys who were down by the prison. They're beating the water. They're in on their marbles. And play things and have had man for. Their people, young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and leaps and then wiped up the dust. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children, so they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you sand later from yesterday's hunt. While the girls in the middle was rubbing her eye at the fellow, down by the duck, he looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front. If he had to phone like they she showed him her nested dog that dog who was subject to fit, and maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender and with a movement so quick. And then she bent over and sucked out his candy so deep. He made a butter scum and then he spread whipped cream all over her cookie that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is the dirty you can go to yourself. Follow two at five sixty w q a a home of the walking dead. Here's an article about boozy Aussie spent three and a quarter billion dollars on gunned. I didn't like that, man. Sydney, Australia, we had a call from Sydney, Australia, we were not too big and dating bro. But we're very big in Sydney. Australia's reputation as a nation of big drinkers is going up in smoke with recent research that's shown that there is a vast, untaxed expenditure on marriage we need. Yeah, I'd be like that. Researchers at the University of Western Australia's economic research center were found that Australians spent almost as much on illegal ganger as they do on their beloved beer and twice as much as they do on wine. Expenditure on marijuana 1995 was a little bit over 3.25 million US said researchers can clements and mirrored Daria. Whatever it is, whatever it is the name is. The estimated ganger expenditure was equivalent to 1% of Australia's 1995 gross domestic product and represented double the expenditure of on wine and 3.4% of the money spent on beer. They also discovered that the more a marriage we need they smoke the less boozy drunk. Can you like that? Yeah. How do you like that? Oh, you're great for our brezot there. Maybe that just might be one of the reasons you don't think, do you think that might be one of the reasons that marriage we need to wicked weak continues to be illegal in this country. Just like the reason that we don't have casino gambling here in South Florida is because the special interest over there in the Bahamas and the great robbers like Mickey Eris and the gambling ships want to make sure we don't get it. You think that might be. Yeah. Of course we know about all those marriage we need to intoxicate the drivers, all those accidents. Don't we? Everyday. All the time. What is statistics that is? Yeah. Yeah. That's probably we could say. So, boo is good. We bad. Just remember all your kids out there. Boo is good. We'd be bad. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, New. Yes, sir. Good morning, New. Good morning. You think, real quick. Number one. Did you hear about major. I like your pinga. Be name. Yes. Yes. We did. Number two. Number two is the happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Okay. Thank you. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. What a welcome. That new guy from Iowa. New listener here on QA. Wow. They vote for in crap everyday. Paul, you won't be able to turn it off. Same old boring stick. I get. I get. Twinges in my rectum, I get a call like that. like that, especially when the emphasizes every day, every all, every day. What do I want to let you down, pal? Here's a plantation, hello. Can't hear you, sir. I'd like to make a comment about the charity. Yes. Last week I went to the movie co. And before the movie, they come up with a little screening about charities and everything. And they pass a bucket around for you to pay money. And it's not like the theater can cough up any money for yourself. They kind of make you feel guilty by passing this money. Why would you tell them something that rhymes with bucket? That's what I'd say. The, can you do me a favor? Maybe. Well, actually, I wanted to tell you happy birthday. Thank you. And I wanted to know if, let's say, won't you do the favor, but anyway. If the Rocky Four and Five is that on your new CD? Rocky Four, you mean, Mumble Four and Five? Yeah, that one. No, I was too, no. Can you play that for me? I sure can. Okay. Thank you very much. And have a great day. You too. God bless you. Five, six, seven, five, six. We got 700 open lines here. No waiting. Pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless lines. We're talking about crooked charities today. Finally got to the bottom of that goddamn golf tournament. Fight out. It's not another. How naive can I be, man? I should be ashamed of myself being so stupid and naive. Thinking that a whole bunch of people around here are great robbers to begin with. I'm going to put in a whole lot of work just out of the kindness of their heart to try to raise money for charity. Oh, what an asshole I am. I want to confess I'm an asshole. Okay. There's a lot of assholes running around on loose. I want to confess right now. I'm a big major in burysing asshole. And I'm embarrassed by it. Because all of these things are just an excuse. They throw a little couple little bones over here to this charity. Or that one. And they make a big song to dance. And like I said, the government needs to step in because it's fraud. Its government sanction fraud is what it is. Here's a mobile and Margie. Hello. Hey, I got another fraud for you. And they all don't have to be both day. Thank you. One of these against drunk drivers. Yes. They're fraud. They're crazy people. I called them off once because I lost the job for drinking and driving. Yeah. They didn't care. They don't care. And I want to say it's the same boring perfection. And we're going to, and you know, everything you're the same perfect. Perfect. That's all right. Not at all. Yes, I have perfect announcement. I'm going to have perfect. I have to paint and I've been for 15 years here. The best of the best. And I wish my A. I'm maybe I'll came and clear. Thank God bless you. I wish we were on FM. Thank you. Yeah, we should have a real radio station. I was talking to my roommate yesterday who were, were they moved where he works over there for the state up to commercial Boulevard. He can't hear the show inside. They all used to listen inside every day because they work for the state. They're sitting around on their ass. I used to listen to the show. Now they can't hear it all. It is like that every day. Can't hear the station. Can you imagine the numbers we get working on to make believe fan of radio station like this if you're on a real radio station? Like FM or something that somebody could hear. Of course, when Greg Reid came to me, one of the many stories that he told me. Fables, tales, lies was all, you know, we can go 50,000 watts. Yeah. But that would cost a lot of money. Are they going to spend the money? No. No. Just another lie to suck me into a dice me to come to work here for I make believe God in Nicol and Diamond Horseball Company. 567. We got 65,000 open lines here. The power 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. And you wonder, I'll say it again. Ken Rodriguez, you wonder whether we're sitting on our hands at the basketball game last night. I can't move in this week for a lover money. I've been doing it fairly well. It takes a lot of effort on my part every year for 23 years. But this week, man, this is the end. They refused to get off the dime. Screaming and yelling and prodding and whipping and kicking. And branding would have got the branding iron. It's still a kick it off the ranch. This is an offense football sport radio. 560's. You. Hey. I want to bang you in the butt, honey. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is your rainbow foreign side. Oh, you. John, remember to live. I want to make movies for his side. My life ain't going great. The Hollywood broke. I thought it really. I think like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why I have my penis in and never ever grew. Rainbow 2 was an 85 length. Rainbow 3 was an 88. You're a man. It's who it is. My gun. I did not make this movie with my son. He was in Rocky 5 and daylight in Colombe. All those big cashies were I mean. I got to get a little fun to call him crazy. I got to have a gun on the road and movie for Broadway show like Gen X. I guess nobody had this. What cop's name? It was still pretty funny. I guess I understand. My whole life is about to pay the end. All I got left is Gen X, like them. Oh, yeah. Let me get jealous. I make some a grab on foreign fire. I got out so call me up. I really need a script. I can do nylon or keep it. They like comedy. Action. And dromma, the only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama. So give me a break for goodness sake. I used to be an opera. Now I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one man show in boy kept. Basically on a lot of boy. Tipsy. I learned a big cashies for what I mean. I got to get a loan from the Paulo Queen. I got to have another hit movie or Broadway show like Gen X. I guess nobody ever saw cop land. It was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is about to pay the end. All I got left is Gen X. Let's fly ready to get over it. I need to make rap mode. For 15 at five 60 WKIM. So anyway I'll just take 30 seconds on this because I know that, nobody got their cares about. But I do. So the hockey news this week has got the list of all of salaries every team in league for this year in US dollars. Pat does probably is making eight million this year. He's averaging 10 million here in the concrete. But nevertheless eight million. Second highest paid on the Panthers is Robert Sflight. Three million dollars. $3 million. And then after that Scott Melemby and Rob Neetermire who between the two of them so far have got one goal. Melemby 2.4, Neetermire 2.3 million. Almost $5 million between the two of them so far, one goal. Chris Wells making $484,000. How many of you people in the audience would like to sit in the stand and assume every night and get paid a half a million dollars to see him to do that? The last on the list and I can't imagine why Peter wore L is the lowest paid panther player. Despite of his popularity with the fans because he's a goon with a G, a lowly 290 grant. The big black guy named Peter is only making 290 grant and Chris Wells who usually is sitting in the stands and will be sitting for the next 4 games to spend it. Thank God for all half a million, just under. How do you like that? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's four Myers. You, yes sir. Let's go for you. All right. Get off that speaker, folks sir. Hold on, hold on. Yeah, get off that thing. I want to say about the point. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877, 785, Neel, 877, 785, 635 on the Florida line. Here's a mobile info, Loderdale. Hello. Hey Neel, happy birthday. Thanks. Same old stick every day. I said, but we're going to miss it when it's gone. Yeah. Going to hockey for a second there. Well, did the first good thing of his career by cross checking to mean. I'm sick of it. Like fist fighting rather than, you know, going high for an eye. If someone takes a cheap shot on, they're always the first to get in the fight. They've been trying to fist fight, Linger, for six years and you stick to him the death. Yeah. Yeah. I guess that was it. Okay, thanks. Just checking. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. I'm telling you this week, man. I'm playing music. I really am. There's no point. I'm not feeling all like, right? And, you know, I've told you this for years. Every year, right around my birthday, a little bit before. Luckily, after Friday, maybe things will come back to rip. But right around this time, every year, everything in my life turns to crap. And last couple weeks, both of my dogs have been into vet. They're okay now. Thank you. Did they care? No. But nevertheless, they're both fine. I've had this crap this to list your year. Whatever I got, which I can't quite completely get rid of for three weeks now. And then, of course, my garage door, the opener breaks yesterday. The electric opener is the, the framises out of the thing. That thing is screwed up. I got a thing in the backyard that's leaking. Now, one of my, uh, faucets is a furer faucet. She's leaking all over the yard. And then we got these people this week, carrying on like, uh, like, the, uh, the dog died, something like that. You're, you're just all year brutal, man. You're unbelievable. I got news for it when I write a book, which I will. I will write a book after I hang it up in about six months about this place. And it isn't going to be a pretty picture. There have been some people who've been very nice to me here over the years. The audience has been very supportive in terms of right that doesn't die. We've had those big numbers. That's great, you know, as far as it goes, but over a bit and beyond that, it's, uh, not much man. Not much to make you feel like a human being. Unfortunately, this isn't, I've told you this before, it's not just the align that I use, it's not your stick. It's true. This isn't a place where people live their lives. This is a place where people go through the motion of living a life. There is nothing happening here. This is the end of the universe. Just look at the map at that dripping thing that's hanging right down there in the Caribbean. It's not a pretty picture, believe me. And we're right down there at the tip of it, right by the head, that's right, right by that disease part. Oh yeah, right by the little series, all gathering on the head. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Uncle Mia, I'm here. Yes, sir. Okay. Happy birthday to you. Sure, thanks. Listen, everybody, tell you when you came here, they approached what goes on around here, it's in the water, man. Don't drink the water down here. Yeah. That's what put for these people in this super debt there, right? Well, that explains it. That's it, that's what it is. I was from the charity business there. Remember that guy that was, uh, had some thrift stores or whatever that was supposed to be donations for churches and this net. And I got him going around and pocketing the money. Right. Go to the swap shop and sell it, you stuff. Got it. Grudge is house up in the water. It's a rat mouth flowed up there. Yeah, rat mouth. Yeah. Oh my god. He was bad. He came by my house and got some stuff one time. And I swear to God, if I have a shortage, I again, I was going to blow him up. Yeah. I'm cleaning up. Have a happy birthday. Thanks for the suggestion by the way. Yeah, I don't drink the water. Okay. Thanks. There's a good idea for us. There's a good scan. Yeah. And we'll sell the stuff to our friend Preston up there at the swap shop. I'm going to hang out with him and sure if Nick. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, and no seriously. I'm going to go there. There's no point in America and being legal. I'm going to go into something illegal. I mean, I'm making some pretty good bucks, but it's just too much effort to make it anymore. Then these people, like at 100 times harder than ever used to be. It just not worth it. When you can just go on the internet and do a scan, like the gravity eggs, you know, this fertile, this guy turns out it's a whole scan. I wasn't even going to read this. Somebody facts me all this crap. Pages and pages of it. Pages and pages about this guy whose name is, what the hell is this name? Ron Harris. And the whole thing is a scan. 5 million people went to this site because you got all this publicity about the egg fertilization thing about this, you know, beautiful kids and models actually are alxying off their eggs. And it's a scan. Just to put these, uh, seductive pictures on there and then to turn them on to these other members only websites where they have to pay a lot of money to join and sit them and so on. And this guy's raking in the dough, the big bucks. That's what we need to do. That's where the scams of the future are. Believe me. I mean, there's a lot of money already, but the big scams of the future are on the internet. And since we're already on a gambling station that's pretending to be a sports station, let's just start our own offshore gambling thing, right there on the internet. Starting today. And we'll take your visa master card, you're, uh, whatever you got checks cash anything you got, we'll take it. Let's go to go whole cyber casino goal and you can play the games. Yeah, you can play red black jack slots, crap. Take a crap. Oh, I'm seeing you all right there on your goddamn computer. And we'll take your money and we'll see you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, yo. Yes. The man, the miss, the legend and his own mind. Listen, I got two things I want to talk about. One is the elephant to two. The one, the elephant to two. If you look on the back of the button, you'll see the advertisement. The elephant. Tell institute. Yeah, something like that. That is it. Well, it's a donation place that they give all the stuff to the Jewish kids or whatever. Well, all the time. On Passover. Yeah. They go to the jail and they give them can fill the fish and grape juice all the prisoners. Yeah. And that was that material. Okay, great. Thanks. Okay, let's go to a Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. You're my god. Happy birthday. Thanks. Listen, I only got as a shameless request. Oh, my god. I'd like to you to play a couple of joints for me. No. 56050550. Pomp 5050. We're looking for verbal intercourse here. They were not looking for request. Okay. I mean, after 23 years, we're looking for some people that got something to say. Okay. I realized that's a very difficult assignment. Let's stop and think about it a little bit. Stop and just ponder the question. Do you have anything to say about anything in the world? Anything about anything I've ever talked about? Anything that's going on in your life, which probably isn't a hell of a lot. Sir, sir, I'm delighted that this is the week that we're on that. Whatever that stupid thing is. What does it call that? Uh, my e-girl was talking to me all the time. I said that. I'll ask this. The whole world is listening this week. Which, you know, I mean, for me, it ain't going to make any difference one way or the other. Because we're going to help. I'm going to go with this event stage. Okay. I got about six weeks left and I'm out of here anyway. What do I care? But I think it's great that the entire universe has an opportunity to get a, to get an ear full of what I hear every day for last 23 years. And what this town is really all about. And it's unbelievable. It's mind-boggling. It's staggering. Here's Boka. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, I never, I never really understood what you meant about banana republic down in Miami. Yes. But I tell you, well, I was driving down on any five. I don't know if you've seen it. But the many cross in the day, counting on 95 is a big billboard. I don't know what it means. I don't know what it says. But the billboard is going to be a little bit more powerful. Well, that one, yeah. It says banana republic.com. Yeah. I swear to God, if this does you get the big county, big orange billboard. Yeah. So that's all I got to say. It's a fashion statement for Dave County. Yeah, I'll think so. I think it's a really banana republic. Truth to an advertising. Okay, pal. Thank you. Yes, it is. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the call from Naples, hello. Neil God. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just really wanted to call. I hear you rag on everybody. What would you mean by that? Well, just, you know, I just wanted to say that I apologize for entire human race. I'm embarrassed myself. For what? About everybody's a lack of intelligence, lack of maturity. You give people the form to call. Hey, it's not a, I'm not even looking for intelligence or maturity. I'm looking for something for anything for a response. A response, it would be like if you, if you took a, like some defenses animal, and you battered it over the head, and with a baseball bat, it just lay there and look at you instead of screaming or yelling or saying, you know, something, just no response. It's a static. I'm just, I'm sorry. And me too. Hey, I'm, say how to the beesleeves, by the way. Hey, quick question. I'm going to be sure in this pen, all of the 35 million from this market wisely. Oh, yeah, the guy in the morning. Thank you, all the time. I'm just a one more thing. Where's my burn and ampies is this? Where's he at? Where's he plant? He's playing in, where the hell is he playing out? And there's somewhere in the west coast. Whoever goes in, San Jose. San Jose. Oh, I got to pray for them then, too. San Jose, where do you plan in San Jose? Oh, I just remember when he was with Detroit and San Jose. What was the joke? Yeah. Choke. I'm shameless. You're quite pretty good. Yes. The many uses for the effort. Okay. All right. See you. 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 5 60 on the AT&T line. 8 7 7 7 7 8 5 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 45 on the Florida line. 12 26. Q m. Wake up. What's the first team? Joe Rogo. Get the first. If he goes to you. No. We've been morning to six. Only on court video 5 60 Q A F. The mover. I'll be more on my. Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word. F*** out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F. Because the only word that is referred to as the F word. It's the one magical word. Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love. F*** as most words in the English language is derived from German. The word Frikan which means to strike. In English f*** falls into many grammatical categories. As a transit of verb, for instance, John F*** surely. It's meaning is not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the f*** work. As part of an adverb, surely talks too f***ing much. As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, surely is f***ing beautiful. As a noun, I don't give a f***ing. As part of a word, absolutely f***ing lovely, or in f***ing credible. And as almost every word in a sentence, f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing. As you must realize, there aren't too many words with a verse of telephoto f***ing. As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got f***ing to be used, Carla. This may, oh f***ing. Trouble. I guess I'm really f***ing now. A aggression. Don't f***ing with me, buddy. This missile. Why don't you go outside and play hide and go f***ing yourself? I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly. F***ing you. Amen, 1232 at 5.62. I'm so anyway, we got a pumper that's going to go buy and fix my leak, okay? You're going to leak. Now all I need is a garage door person to come buy and fix that to garage door. Huh? What would be wrong with that? That would be very nice. These candies, by the way, you can't stop eating them. They're really great. Thanks a lot, Alan. He likes him, I spoke up. So the males just came in. Carla's just brought in a whole pile of male in there. How many birthday cards have gotten at bunch? I saw that thing there that this took came in. What's that? Is that a card? It's a birthday card? Well, it's a card of some sort. With my name on it? It looks like a birthday card. Oh my god, it's another birthday card. 23 years on a year here in Miami. Here comes my first birthday card. Here to kill me in this year. And I still got two days to go. How do you like that? Huh? Wow! Man! Here's a mobile in Pompano, hello. Yeah, hey Neil, how are you? Pretty good. Real quick, I just wanted to say happy Chivalice. And I want to let you know that, you know, I think that you've been actually the incredible here in town. Your material was absolutely incredible. Yeah. And I've been to your show. Okay. I feel though, at this point, you're probably a little unhappy with your surroundings and it's starting to show. Yeah. Oh, at this point? That's right. You can rely on this tape material more than you do your with. Really? Oh, in other words, this is a critique of the show. This is happy. No, no, no, but I'm critiquing the show. It's my, I don't play any more tape material now than I ever had. The format of the show hasn't changed in years. Well, you're playing it going into the coming out of the room. I'm not. No, I'm not. We never play one going into a break. Ever, never, never, ever. In that case, then you filter it with calls. You rely on the people out here. Well, what would you like me to do, sir? Would you like me to do a monologue for four hours every day? Well, I would have to tell you, since you're obviously still listening and you wanted to tell me what a wonderful job I've done. What is it that I used to do that was so great that I'm not doing now, sir? What is it that I used to do that was somewhat entertaining, but I'm not doing now? The bird was a answer. Yeah, you're good. Okay. That was only what? 85 years ago, the bird. Oh, yeah, that was good. Thank you very much, sir. Thank you so much. She had the bird was interesting. You relying on these bits too much going into the, we play him going into the bit. Oh, right now. See, that's what I'm saying. I mean, you know, no problem at all. So all the shots you want, I'll take the check twice a month. And this is what this town is all about. They never met a person that they didn't want to attack. No matter how much you do for them, no matter how much you try to let her take them. No matter how much you try to go to bad form, no matter how much you take on the politicians, the establishment, the guy they moved, human, whatever the hell it is. This is what you get in response. A big jet jet in the ass. That's what you get. And I got news for you folks after all. And this guy's right, the surroundings, you're seeing a pass. It probably because I'm used to it. But it bothers me more now because it's one thing if you're working for a radio station that you feel is like behind you a little bit. Not like a whole lot, but like a little bit. Even the passion people, much less the cost people, that went without saying. But even the passion people, then you say, okay, well, the audience it is what it is. They are what they are. You know, like like Michael said about Vincent and Godfather 3, you are what you are, you know, I'm not going to change you. Well, when you're working for people who are like in league together, here with their little conspiracy, putting their little heads together, who've been playing their little cops and robbers in intrigue here for years in this place. And when you haven't got a Chinaman's chance in hell, a break into that Goddam's steel wall of crap. And having people really do things in a professional way and do things for you that ought to be done. Then it becomes extraordinarily, you're absolutely right, sir. Even though you material was way off and you really couldn't follow through one of them. But you really have hit on something, you got your finger on it. That's not, you got your finger in it. Like I said, it would be one thing if you had the enthusiasm, the audience and you had the, you know, you know, what are the other? But when you don't have either one, then it becomes a thousand times as hard and you know what, I'll still take the money twice upon how do you like that. That's right, I'll still take it straight to the bank. I consider a play Goddam monobony records for hours every day and get paid the same. There's nothing that says I got to do with talk show. Oh, you relied too much on this in a car, and this, and how about bringing back the bird? Oh, it's growing a bird, okay? We'll give you the bird. In fact, I'm giving you two birds right now. Okay, just look into the speaker in your radio. Here's one on each hand, okay. There's the bird for you, asshole. I got your F and bird right here. Right in my hand. Yeah, you rely on too much on, yeah. I'm waiting for somebody who might have something to say. That's why they call it a talk show, asshole. Here's Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, you don't get worked up, do you? No. Okay. Never do. I got a question for you on hockey. Yeah. I know you're a fan. Oh, boy. Uh, I watched some skate against Detroit a couple weeks ago. Yeah. So I'm beat the islanders. Yeah. What is the problem going on the road with those guys? I mean, it's like a booze. Too much booze. Too much booze? Yeah, too many late nights. What in Buffalo and I don't know why. Yeah, I mean, that Buffalo game. Otis. Yeah, Otis, after that. And I'll be honest with you. After a handful of games like this, it's really, really hard to tell. You know, they got too many guys on a team that unfortunately are under-reachieving. They aren't doing anything like Kabasha and the Vorac again. And Victor Cahzla. They're just too many, uh, no shows on it, uh, team right now. Yeah. Well, and they keep waiting for Burr, Burr ready to do everything. I got news for you. There is no team anywhere. Even Yager who's so great and had a big night for the Penguin last night. No team can rely on one guy to do everything or you got real problems. Well, why is that that they rely on Burr? What did you do? I think they didn't. Yeah, they don't got good. It got good lines without him in there. Like, oh, I mean, they got Ray Whitney and Mark Parrish like I said before the season. Who are the other goalscores on this team? Yeah. Besides those three guys, who are the other people that are productive? Yeah, there's not many in there. No, there are not any. That's it. Like I said before, five billion years for mellum being in need of marby between the two of them. They have one goal so far. But is that a mental thing? I mean, you play it home. You play good and you play on the road. You play bad. I mean, you can throw sometime. You got to suck it up and play on a road and play good. Yeah. Well, again, like I said, the other guys that you're talking about have been producing that home around the road and have a great day, sir. I can't know what. You can only stay at four times. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's the leading. Carl Springs, hello. One, completely out of Cineote. See? Um, listen to your show this morning. Uh, maybe you feel so much better about actually leaving. Florida. Congratulations to you, all right? I'm moving back to Washington, DC. I've been here nine years. Congratulations to you. And uh, counting the days to let get others born and brought to you. Oh, I'm not just simple town. I had, and like you, I've traveled a lot. I lived in Europe. Um, you know, I don't know. I think the weather was the only thing that kept me here all this time. And now it's just not enough. Mm-hmm. And when you talk about the level of professionalism that you deal with, I mean, you know, it's just so different in other places. Slot. That's the word. Like I said before, it's really what you deal with here in Schlot. Come out here. It's radio. Doctors, you name it. Everything in Schlot. I mean, you find that, you know, professionalism is a standard in other places. Not just, you know, a flu. Yeah. I'm very excited to be leaving and packing up my house and listening to you. And I started listening to you back during the O.J. trial. Mm-hmm. And I've really enjoyed it. And it's been lots of fun. And you're hopefully I'll be listening to you on the internet too. Excellent. Okay. Best of luck. Bye-bye, child. Have a good day, Tee. Oh, boy. There she goes. Another nice lady sounded like a real nice person, but she's getting the hell out. And who wouldn't, you know, when the opportunities to race when you have the right moment, who to hell with the brain, larger than a piece than a ball bearing? 21 till 1 at 5.60, I love it, Tom. Man, I love every second of it here. You know what I'm saying? I love it. Yeah. I just built Infra. You know that W.Q.A.M. dot com. For all the latest dolphins information in your sense, who in great size, playing beat the broadcast. Fort radio 5.60, W.Q.A.M. Restation stands for nothing. A rat. As we don't tell me what's all tonight, we don't tell me that bad watch. We don't tell me that's free, some deep. Could I've been waiting? Many weeks, I'll see you don't talk about any of the new shows. Except the new one of the facts. And the know that J.M.O.R.C.W.C. action. Thursday, good night, H.N.A.M. Action. Do the intrusion. If you don't like it, then you are a fool. I will. Oh my god, I wish I could make that sound. It was a bad, like that. Wait till you hear what they have. We've got a birthday card. That's the good news. The bad news. Oh my god. I just want to kill myself. Here is a birthday card. Two days ahead of time, no less. Okay? November 3. I open it up with the greatest of expectations. Like maybe it's, you know, so like some nice list they're out there who, you know, took the time to send their very best. They're even worse as the case may be. Congratulations. You did it. In fact, it's not even like a birthday card. It just looks like some cardia in around somewhere. Congratulations, you did it. Whatever that means. If I could tell you who this is from, let me give you a little clue. Oh, man. This is from Patrick Beary. A couple of weeks ago, somebody sent me a copy of this grow test, this pathetic, this tragic apology of a poem that he wrote for O.J. He says, but so much controversy is still going on about the subject of my annexed verse. You may wish to bring it to the attention of your radio audience at this time. Already did Patrick, how are he said? He's an asshole. Yeah. I'm a member of the poets of Palm Features and a regular poetry reading of libraries and bookstores in Boca, where I've recited the lines about our tarnished hero. I just don't even understand to ease my aching heart and my breath. I don't even understand what this means. What if the neighbors shun me in a few friends stop by your call? It's going to be back home again, but I still dream of the cool. I mean, this is just, caca. It's pure crap. Oh. And he includes a copy of the poem again in this picture at his phone number and his shoe size and his god damn a couple of coolies in here too. This isn't even a birthday card. Look at it. It's like one of those cards you have sitting around. Look at that. There are coolies on it. Look at Jesus Christ. One got loose. He writes on here, best wishes on your great ratings and happy birthday. You're the tops. Happy birthday. Don't be blue. I've got good news and it's true. Who's the top name and radio, Neil Rogers. That's you. Oh, I'm going to dump right in the chair. I'm going to do a Randy right here. Oh, takes my breath away. Ghost to show all your kids out there. You can't have your cake you needed to. Okay. You can't get a bunch of birthday cards and expect to be like from a real person. If you do get a birthday card ever in your life, just be happy. Anybody cared enough to send it to it. And don't be picky that it might be from somebody like human. Here's a call from Inberness. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm not going to hot to John and quit. Yesterday, I believe, when you were talking about the Bible, people were calling about the Bible and all the religious freaks out there. I got to just say something. I think the whole world has got to make stuff. The Bible has nothing to do with God. Nothing. Yeah. What they're talking about is, you know, they're replaying maybe a story that's like 2000 to years old. I don't know what those people were seeing. Maybe they were seeing UFOs that you're a director of whatever. But as nothing to do with God, if there's a God, he created the universe. I don't think they wrote the book. Yeah. I just don't think he wrote it. I don't think the people got it. What were you now? What's he doing these days? Haven't got any ideas? But I don't think he wrote the Bible and I don't think the Bible has anything to do with him. Yeah. But these people are thinking, you know, you think that's what? But you can't really separate the two, you know, because the people that everybody believes in their own God and each God has got his own different Bible, you see. Yeah. We're part of the separate. That's right. But I mean, if you think about it, you think of God who created the universe is going to come down and he's going to come down. He didn't come down. He just sent like a telegram to Moses. Tell us where I'm right. And then he said, I said, I federal express. He told me to tell them all. Holy story, in the old testament. If he thought that he was going to come down, he said, take two in the common order. They're doing the morning. Right. You know, if you recite the old testament to somebody, he said, oh, that don't count. That's that book don't count. They go to another version of the Bible. Yeah. That counts. I never got it. I couldn't understand. Well, I don't want to get it. Have a great day, pal. I'll pray for both of us. Okay. Thank you. Oh, speaking of that, look who we have here. Don't take any bulls. Fuck them. Right. Hello. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. And that too. Yeah. Thank you so much. See at least you carried up the send you very best. I didn't know. I swear. I didn't remember. I remember one of everybody else forgets. So I'm not a big deal when you get to the point. Are we don't want to hear about birthdays anymore? I'll be 57 this Friday, which is a very, very advanced day, especially to be doing this kind of work. You know, but never will. Well, I'm so, I'll be two days before. And where did somebody told you it was supposed? Yes, you were. There are. I know while they're getting ready for next year, he said, happy she was. It's like saying, Happy prom. You know, that's not the next spring, but it's never too early to say, happy, poor. Because then you go out and get some still home and touch it. Right. I'll have you been. Well, pretty good. But I got, I haven't given the new care of glasses. Yeah. And that's a big, big, big, big problem. Yeah. And I had the metal frames that they killed me. Mm-hmm. So I got the plastic frames. There you go. Well, plastic is good down here, because we have a lot of plastic people. So it kind of fits right in. Right? Yeah. Well, I'm glad. I said, yeah, getting new glasses, you know, like I said, should be our worst problems, but I haven't hemorrhoids. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. Absolutely. OK, Neil. Thanks, imagine. The best of everything. And don't forget. Don't take any bulls. Fuck, I mean. Exactly. Yeah, right. Zagazon. You too. Bye-bye. Well, see, she's very nice. There's one of my friends out there that we have left. And that's about it. You know, over the years, they kind of dwindled and they wander away. And you're like old news. And of course, I'm relying too much on those comedy, but said we played going in and out of the brakes. And it's the, uh-huh. Just a tack, a tack, a tack. We love to with tack. Go ahead and be my guest. I enjoy it. I can't tell you. Like I said, sexual excitement, which is kind of unusual here in Florida, because there ain't too much of that going around. But I get sexual excitement. I get rigid. I get turd you. Just when I get those calls, it's just the next my day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And of course, on a line nine, let's see if that thing is working here, huh? Oh, it's working like a charm. 87, 7, 7, 8, 5, Neil on the Florida line. You wait till, uh, I thought this week, we're supposed to like toward the end of the week. Get that working for the rest of the country. Is what it was supposed to be. Tool free from all these Indians. The people we got listening on the audio net all over the goddamn country. Isn't that what it's supposed to be? It's supposed to be. Is our crack program director on top of that right now? I bet she's on top of something. Here's the mobile in Hialia. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. First time long time, lady. Thank you. I'm much, uh, I'm material for you here, man. Yeah. All in happy birthday. And I'm smoking a big one. I want to get, uh, that song going there. Uh, smoke to join us. We'll work on it, pal. Thank you, John. Okay. And watch out for those angstries. You don't leave those pin joints in the angstries. All you kids out there because you're going to go to a slimmer. Minimum 25 years. That's the new deal. They find a pin joint. They find even a pin without the joint. 25 years. No questions. Act because that's the American F and way, man. Who's that's okay? That's all right. Because we get a lot of tax money from it. And all those booze people. I can do it a lot of money. Those politicians. So booze good. We bad. Just keep that in mind. Okay. So just pour some goddamn scotch into your long mirror and forget about that goddamn wicked weed. Please, before it's too late. Here's a mobile in Pebrock times. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Just wanted to let you know. I had a radio accident about 15 or how many years ago it was when I stumbled across. Was it the war of the talk show hosts? Battle of the talk. I love the talk show host. That's when I first heard you and I've been a loyal listener ever since. All right. And I just wanted to wish you a very happy birthday. I won't be able to tell you on your birthday. Well, it'll be able to be jammed up here on Friday. Can you imagine how much you could lead what been 12? Jammed up. You know, hi. Hi. I heard all four hours of your 20th anniversary, the Larry King call and everything. And I'm just calm to say happy birthday. And thank you for all the years of entertainment. And you're welcome. Thank you so much. Okay. Bye. How do you like that? There's a good guy. Didn't have a lot of material. But he just wanted to be a nice guy. Realize of course we have to question that when you're in South Florida. What is a nice guy doing being a nice guy down here? You know what I'm saying? What's that all about? All right. A lot of people wonder about those people. Got something there. Being a nice guy, mister. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Can't wait for you. We have a big birthday cards and I'll kind of let you Friday. Screw in. So be sending up something special. Probably a big later crap. Just stay to hell away from here. Screw in. Don't darken this door. Okay. If you know what's good, it's for you. Sweetheart, just stay the hell away. That's my best suggestion. If you want to hear my worst suggestion, maybe I'll give that tomorrow. Here's less Palm Beach. Hello. Can't hear you. There you go. Pick it up. Here. Yes. Listen, uh, we'll speak into that things. Or speak up. Speak up. I'm, uh, I'll talk to you. Yeah, I can't hear you. Well, can you hear me now? Yeah. Yes. Speaking to things that is a hole in it. Neil. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, how are you doing? I'm a long time listener. By the way, I am a nice guy and happy birthday. Well, thanks. I'm down here in Copia, Grove, Convention Center. We're doing some work. I'm with a above all garage. So it's going to happen to hear that comment of a, about your garage door. Right. And, um, you know, we're at your service. Whatever time date, whether it be Saturday or Sunday, we're at your disposition. Really? And we'll give you a free estimate and we're all done. And it's not a big deal. It's just the, uh, you know, whatever. The, the belt that, uh, that go, the motor, the belt that goes through the motor. Correct. It doesn't, it doesn't. It doesn't. It just comes loose from the, uh, framists, you know, the thing that the lifts in the lower the garage door. Absolutely. Hello. We're not the motor. It's not a major thing. It just like a little thing. Okay. Well, our talks are fully equipped whether it be the bell with more controls or screens, whatever you need or whatever time you need it. We can have a talk at your home. Outstanding. Hang on a second. Then you're going to take your stuff. Okay. Thanks, sir. Thanks a lot. Thank you. It's above all. Okay. It's above all. He started to send you a sub-applauding. I put him on hold. Above all, uh, something. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You see, I come in here that is one of the good fringe benefits. So you've got your plumbers and your, uh, doctors and your, this and your, they, of course, the doctor situation has been a little bit on the end and no. I'm going to go see Dr. Bob tomorrow about this list. Stereo. Just hangs on. Of course, it could just be the flu like everybody I know seems to have this and it seems to be pretty much going away, although I'm not quite not 100%. And of course, if they do that blood culture in terms of the list, then I can file about a $20 million lawsuit against the subred hotdog people. And maybe if I come up, you know, I'll set two three million and then I'll see you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's 12, 56 here at QAN. Two way hands. God. The code. We've got a shot. We've got a man. We've got a man. We've got a man. We've got a man. We've got a man. We've got a man. We've got a man. We've got a man. We've got a man. We've got a man. We've got a man. We've been QAN We've got a man. Off過 2, Come on over hunting out come and take our drive to my big house in Chaffa, Klaw, we can both get Jews to maybe a little Panama. My wife's on business. She's out for a week, I'm like a kid in the candy store. It's town that's cheap, I have threats to all. God dog, so they're in peace. You remember little Billy your name in Tarotiza. It's not a deal. Wow, time not my home in New York. It's just to me, darling. She's like a sport. I'm just like, so good. I'm gonna open hunting out, go on my chunk. I'll live in a Panama-Cops in my house. I live in a Panama-Cops in my house. Now, live in a Panama-Cops where I see arrows. She's probably ways actually a little rude. I live in a Panama-Cops where I need. I live in a Panama-Cops in memory. I live in a Panama-Cops here at M. I live in a human one-by-half-eaten man. One, two, a five, sixty-w-two. We got Hank at the Shulas today. It is Wednesdays. It is Wednesdays. And we got the Booster's 6-830. Panthers and Edmonton to play the Euler's tonight. And let's see if they wake up tonight. I think they're gonna wake up tonight. No. Come on, let's get with a little more optimism. Please, little more enthusiasm. 5-6705-60, pound-560 on the AT&T Wireless line. And line nine is wide open air. Listen to this. There you go. The Florida line. 877-785-Neal. 877-785-6345. The calls are pouring in from Fort Myers. No, Napoli. No. Port Charlotte. No, Tampa. Orlando. No. No. No. No. Here's your field B, Chilla. Your field B. Hey, guys, how are you? Okay, sir. I'm not a complainer, but I get a case. Good morning coming over from on the fogger's first way. I got caught up in traffic, of course, brings a try. Traffic didn't let up for about another three miles into the problem. Full 41. But here's your thing. You figure a big action in a problem, as you know, like that. Day, we're putting saw on the median of the highway at 815 the morning. Right? You're making a middle of a $1 dollar. Right, that's a problem. You imagine that? I mean, who are the astronaut agents or making decisions for us? You know, up in South Haths, you'll have an answer. What happened? I mean, the DOT is, are they eating crap? I mean, I see all coming like two troops are just sitting there trying to keep people in line because they haven't forbid it. They don't want to be late for work as they get miles to feed. So, I mean, that's all I want. It's not a new year. You only got a little bit of a assuming I had to get out of my chair. I listen to the pilots and bunts around. That's right. Supposedly, definitely, man. Good luck to you. All right, but we'll see you. Of course, it's like when a way to November, you know, like right about not to start the big construction projects and start carrying the roads up real big time, they really get going heavy duty. When a season starts, you know, when there's like all these out of towners, these snow birds come back. That's always a good time in Orange Sanction. Excellent job. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, wildest line. We had our, the thanks for calling Lady Call that they wish me a premature happy birthday, which was very, very nice. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hi, happy to be happy birthday to you. Well, thank you so much. You read something yesterday, Neil, about archaeologists finding that things that sport, biblical history. That is correct. That was really fascinating. What did you read that from? Well, this was on a wire service. It was all of Rala papers over the weekend. This particular article was in the Saturday, Toronto Star. But it was in all the papers, including local, I'm sure. So I could find that in yesterday's house? No, now yesterday. I would say like, either Saturday or Sunday was in all the weekend papers. Oh, we can. Israel's history disputed excavations, the bunk biblical conquest. There is, these are the Israelites were never in Egypt. There's no archaeological evidence that they were ever there at all. Wow. In addition to which as opposed to being this gigantic kingdom, which are the Bible claims, they were just a small tribal kingdom of sheep farmer, sheep herders. That's so. Yeah. I'm going to have to look at it. It's great. And this is not some, you know, anti-Semite. This is one of the leading archaeologists at, in Israel. Jewish is there. You don't know his name, do you? Zev Hurtson. Hurtson. How do you say? H-E-R-Z-O-G. T-O-G? H-E-R-Z-O-G. T-O-G. T-O-G. T-O-G. T-O-G. Right. Okay. Okay. I appreciate you. Okay. Good luck. Bye. Yeah, it's great story. I read that yesterday. We get any comment on it. Oh, of course not. I mean, I've been doing that for a hundred years here. You know, reading very fascinating things. You think people don't have a whole lot to say about it. Thank God for this lady. Anyways, you find it interesting. I want to look up a little bit more about it. But it's a whole lot easier to say. Well, you know, why are you afraid of God? Like that guy that I called yesterday, who's called with a saying, God didn't verb you at 60,000 times at least just this year. I'm not afraid of God. I'm just afraid of assholes like you that don't have a life. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a call in four miles. Hello. Hello. Yes? I knew I was watching one of those in Fitbit Moins shows this morning. I did. Not that Brian Gumball, man. He makes me nuts. I think I've got a little glasses he wears. Yes. I like him. I like Katie. But I can't stand that lower. He feels sour, Matt Lower. Sour, Matt, Loth. Yeah. I wonder if you heard the story about the kid in Conrad, Texas who over, I got last week, had a six or seventh grade kid. The teacher gives him a sign of creative writing, a sign of a horror story. A horror story, yeah. A horror story. Can't he? Well, it's. Yeah. Then this kid writes a story about him and he and the other kid, they got some guns in there. They're messing around and they kill a couple of classmates. 100 on the day. And they get the laughing so hard, the gun goes off, they actually shoot and kill the teacher. Well, the teacher would be a no fool. She gives the kid a hundred and some extra credit and takes it to the principal. The principal takes it to the DA, DA gets it to the cops to come out and get this kid and they take it to jail for six days. Right. You give you the mother and the mother says, well, she wanted a horror story. She got one. Yeah. Yeah. Well, meaning what? Meaning that, you know, you're going to arrest a kid for a... Hey, I got a... I just like to think in Cleveland and I mean, every word America there, they're so uptight and sensitive now that kids better start getting the message that it's no laugh and matter anymore. You know what I'm saying? You don't laugh about these things, you don't joke about these things because they're very, very sensitive and uptight. And you know, you didn't say that they're being overly cautious but, you know, big deal. But the mother was just like, not you're on about it. Yeah. You know, like, let me see what it means. God. Maybe she ought to be fixed anyway, so she don't reproduce anymore. Yeah. I like the teacher, they're given a hundred and extra credit and get me back. Okay. Anybody have any idea what he was saying? No, I don't. I don't get it. 560560, Paul Christy's in the four Myers, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 877, 785, Neil. 877, 785, 6345 on our Florida line on our very, very dead Florida line. But why should they be any different from anybody else? Haven't a Santa Monica 2AN? Yes, Bush. Hi. Come out. In theaters now from the director of the six cents, it's the eighth cents. Hi, can we? Yeah, me too. My pudding tastes like Alan Fudd. Well, my pop star tastes like Bob Hall. Please not said yet. I know, but I still taste like him though. The eighth cents, show me no. Oh, my pop pudding tastes like Samoa, Lee's old implants. Well, let me have some. 13 at 560, WCOM, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. We got the hopper from Schulers at three at the two. Whatever it is, going to be on two o'clock. And the books to be for the hockey game, 839 from Edmonton, baby. Your pants are in the Edmonton oilers. Can you feel the attention? Oh, can you feel the excitement? Oh. You hear all the tremendous response we had about those salaries? Oh, no, they don't care. Here's Mommy Springs, hello. Hi, Neil. This is your old friend. Are you listening? Oh, my God. I have to respond. Oh, my God, it's Mary Lou. You said it. How come you're in Mommy Springs? Did you move out of Hylia? Uh, uh, that's okay. No. What do you mean? I gave a fake one to George. I said. Well, I'll send you a note someday. I hope you have many more happy birthdays. But I agree with the lady who is going back to Washington, DC. Yeah. Now, Florida has different offices. I have called. They are rude. Yeah. They are not purdies. Right. And no professionalism. I'll add another state to one who is better than Florida. Yeah. In courtesy and professionalism. New York. I have yet to meet a rude person in New York. I have been there twice. Only from New York. But the ones that are in New York, the ones that stay there, they're pretty polite. Don't either who ones came right. Right. Right. It's great. I like it. And I may be there for good someday. Really? Oh, huh? Okay. Well, I'll send you cards from across the time. Thank you. I'll be leaving in about three weeks. I think. Really? Where to Rochester? Yeah. I'm moving to Rochester. No. Are you kidding? No. I'm moving to New York. I'm not on three weeks. I'm getting out of here. I don't want to be you. Pack me in. Okay. Bye. See you Mary. Yeah. Goodbye. Bye. Wow. Mary Lou used to be for my early and she's not giving George Fony. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm the plumes. 560, 505, 60, pump 560 on the AT&T. Wireless Lime. We got 3400 open lines there for you. Wait and no waiting. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Mobile and West Palm. Going once. Going twice. Here's a mobile and North Miami Beach, hello. I'm Mr. Rogers. How are you? Okay, sir. I'm Jamaican. Well, nobody's perfect. Some stay in listen. I'm a body. I'm a body's eye here for breeders. We get into this thing. Real big. Yeah. And then never hear this. Guns are music. You play. Well, what's your way, Coach man? I'm listening. Please. We're going to take it. So, did you play for us? No. By the way, I got a book in the mail. Just now. The really added state's postal service exposed. No letter right near. I'm going to read it. But it looks pretty, I don't know. And it's written by a guy named Harry. Oh. Yeah. Look at that. Hey, guys name is Harry. Let me say it again. Oh. That's his last name. Corridor. Well, you know. And of course, if I wrote a book like this, I'd probably want to be an anonymous too. The, really, United States Postal Service exposed adultery, disparity, favoritism, lies, and fraud. Sounds like Q.I.M. to me is what it sounds like. Yeah, especially the lies in fraud part. Oh, fraud. Yeah. It's off tournament. Yeah, like that. Wait out. Do you know fraud? Look at that. Oh, here it is. No, on the inside. It says, please read my book cover to cover. It clearly shows how the poster of his treats and employees and leads to violent situations that can easily be avoided. Please help me stop work related violence. Keep up the good work. Thanks as always. Harry. Oh. He says, zero tolerance can be achieved. The real US Postal Service exposed adultery, disparity, favoritism, lies in fraud equals violence is what it says. And it's kind of like a thick, uh, look at that, almost 400 page book here. Would it picture in the back of all these dead, uh, postal people? Thank you very much, Harry. I'll be reading this any second now. In fact, I'm going to take last 43 minutes and just sit back in a chair and read it to myself. What? What's wrong with that? I got some music here. No, I'm not using it just, oh, no. It just the sounds are the old reading. That's my new format. Now, yeah, when you know, I would instead of the same old crap all the time like these people are bitching about something new and different. Just the sounds of Neil reading on here and every now and then I'll come across some real. Oh, boy, I was going to something interesting, you know, and I like you, you know, and I like you, Motu it and then we'll do the break. Cause all the way, really care about here is getting the spots on. I mean, that's like our bosses. What would you write in here? Those guys are the spots. That's a great attitude to take when to like the list of ship is dropping precipitously. That's a little way of trying to cover up your deficiency and the fact that you're destroying your own radio station because of greed because you're spated out. Where's all that money going? It's not it can't all be going to John Henry and Wayne. Hi, Pinga. 36 million a year must be going all the big people around here like George and Joe Costello and Tommy and yeah, oh, those people, Donnie B. What are Donnie B's got that? Yeah, and he's wondering, you know, when you start making all that much money, you start getting real psychotic about it. He was probably like a very ordinary, easy-going guy until you know, complicate your life when those big paychecks start coming in. Right, Donnie B. Uh-huh. Right. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Hey, Neil. Uh, probably not going to be a nice guy, but I want to wish you happy birthday. Uh, what do you mean, you're not going to be a nice guy? What does that mean? Well, I want to not agree with the two ladies they call about, you know, people being rude in Florida. Yeah. What are you doing for your in four Myers? Yeah, I know, but the problem is 90% of the people that are rude are from up north. Yeah. There's not a lot of Florida and left. Yeah. So, uh, we're not talking about where they're from. I mean, we don't ask their shoe size and, uh, no origin, we're just they're intermingled with them every day. Right. Unfortunately, most of them are either rude or incompetent or a block or a combination of all of you above. You're right. I just, you know, just like what she said, you can't complain about the professionalism down here, because there isn't any, and no, you'll pick the profession no matter what it is, and you'll find sluck man. I mean, just up the A. Schluck. Well, I like, I like your famous stuff. I love, yeah. No, I do too, man. I'm doing the same old stuff, you know. Well, I just want to say that, and we should rule happy birthday. Well, happy birthday. Boss, you turned out to be an absolute bad guy, especially for over there. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. Tell the bees leaves they suck. Okay, thank you. Yeah, you suck bees, ladies. You suck, you suck, you suck. You suck. We hate you like poison. And spite of the fact you got your super spy over here again. What's his name again for the second day and I always run around here. Bop into. Oh, Bob de Mooth. Yeah, Mr. Mr. Engineering, hot shot. Who also is a snappy dressing, too, by the way. Yeah, Bob de Mooth. Bob de Mooth is that what his name is. Bob removed. Yeah. He's running around here like we're supposed to be so I'm pregnant. You better get the food out of the studio in there and the other studio because otherwise he'll go back and snitch on those guys to the bees leaves. When I heard that yesterday from these macho sports guys on the worst team, what a bunch of pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy. That's all you guys in there, man. Y'all the info and big head, all those guys, man. Have to bring that whole big tray of sandwiches in your 6,000 median Oches, which are very good, by the way. They were from **** them for a bit, but anyway, because they were afraid that Bob de Mooth is going to blow back and snitch on him. I mean, talk about elementary school. Elementary school. That's the kind of level that we're operating here on a QM with a $30 million round to this place. And of course, the big question is, who's getting it? Where's it all going? Here's Boca, hello. Yeah, why wait three weeks? Why don't you leave now? Oh, why'd you leave now? Here's another one of these guys. Okay. Yeah, why'd you leave now? 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, because I don't want to make you happy. Okay, pal, I want to make you miserable. I'm going to stay forever. I'm not even going to retire in three years. I'm going to stay until I croak right here on a year, just to make you miserable so you can listen every day and squeeze yourself and you hear the sound of my voice. That's why, sir. And have a nice day. Here's a mobile and less palm beach, hello. Mobile and less palm. Are we having a little problem in less palm there? Yeah, but I'll let you guys get a finger up as a record. Oh, yeah, and maybe his boyfriend's one or the other. We seem to have a little epidemic with that guy. Are you there? Hello? Yes, sir. Are you a mobile and less palm? Yes, sir. Okay, happy birthday. Thanks. So that guy he can leave now. Yeah. No, we don't want him to leave. We're not going anywhere. He'll be here every day. Okay. Anyway, I want to make comment about the charity. It's flat like the child support. How much does the kids really see? Now, Walter Payton's family now. They're doing something. They're sending a gift. There's no way of scamming any money off the gift. You have to give it to the kid. Right. That's all I'm going to say. Well, I like that. All right. I still would like to know this is supposed to be a sports station. How come? Yesterday, we got 20 hours of sports program on here. What are the great athletes in history, Walter Payton, I'm not talking about some marginal golf guy or something like that. Walter Payton, and I'm expecting to hear all of this said conversation about Walter Payton. Did I hear any? No. I was listening in sessionally, but every time I tune in, I kept hearing gambling talk. About this team's pretty good, but they don't make the number. They don't cover the spread. All that crap. The gambling stuff, man. It's just boring. It's terminal. God. Walter Payton dies 45 years old, a young man, a tragic death. And it's that I haven't some class and going on at a length about his tremendous achievements. And what a great guy he was and how his nickname was sweetness. And because he was such a super guy. So, classic, what am I hearing about a bunch of the gentlemen gambling garbage again? Gambling garbage. It's GG is what it is. We're changing the call letters. WGG gambling garbage. God. It's just astonishing to me. You could read a guy named Roman the Holiday Inn for all the chronic compulsive gamblers out there and stop wasting the goddamn juice on here. That's going to be our new model for the year 2000 by the way, stop wasting the juice. Oh man. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Any other, I just want to go, you know, that I've been filling up my own breeders cup for Greg, read the past a couple weeks. Every time I have a personal moment with my hand, I put it in the cup and someday someone is going to cut off his hands and he'll never be able to have sex again. Okay. 5605060 pound-560 pounded on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, dear, good evening. I'm here. Oh, I'll be with you. What are you screaming about? Thank you. But why are you screaming? I don't know. It sounds like it's a 911 phone. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not right now. Just calm down, pal. Calm down. Listen, I got a phone. I got an idea that I'm going to make a million here. Okay, I'm ready. The name of your stamp bank, how do I laugh? Yeah. You found your stamp on your door? Okay, open wide, pal. Open wide. 5605050 pound-560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Have you heard that? Thanks. Any on fire, though. Yeah, about. You got me into hockey. I got the panters against the islanders, Neil, and night. Ah, that was pretty good game. What a game. I was sighted up. Who's that number? A guy? Warren? What does that mean? Warren, yeah, Peter Warren. He was, why did he only keep minutes about 30 seconds. He didn't take him out? Yeah, because he's a dangerous. He's a violent guy. Yeah. Well, that's it. Another an average. You saw that game where we had all that great. Bre was great in Whitney and Paris. And that's what's the top of your mind was the guy that was named. You don't know Peter Warren? Well, it was six to three years ago. It was, it was a high scoring game, right? Yeah. Exactly. Not many games like that. Constant action. I love it. I'm going back. Okay. Okay. Thanks. See how did that guy, Warren? Whatever his name is. Do you know any black guys named Warren? No. It's hopeless. I can do a survey. Are you between periods? I think that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to take a little note pad, or maybe a little because every quarter. I'm going to go around the macro relay and between periods of all the home games. And I'm going to ask people questions about who's on first. And who scored that goal? And who did what? And who's that guy out there now? And you know what the answers are all going to be? Eeeeh! Where's my t-shirt? Where's my t-shirt? Wow. It is scary boys and girls. So you can blame me for all this. I'm not the one who invented this. This is the way it is. I'm just a reporter. You can get all upset with a messenger. That's just the effort in way it is. Just like Henry Rodriguez says about the heat game last night. The season opened in the list. Miami Arena needed to be checked for a pulse. So what a great line that is. It needed to be checked for a pulse. The announced crowd of whatever, which it was obviously a lot less than that. They arrived late and left early during your game that was a double or it's like the a panties. You know, get a game that goes in overtime. About 4,000 people leave. But if they don't understand it's going on overtime. It's 4 on 4. It's going to be exciting. Somebody's probably going to score it. Oh, we're going. We'll see you. But why did you bother coming? We'll see you. And you kind of wonder. What were they doing here? Why did they come? Why did they waste the gas? But you had a good point before and that's because it's something. There's nothing else going on. It's something. Just to get out of the house. Just a little stale area even. Anything. No, seriously. All that noise that racket that they have going on. Span at that at that at that. You know, just so they know there's still live. Maybe. 126 and 560 WQM. The sports leader. We have the way. Sports radio, 560. Q-A-L. It's safe. In my early childhood. At 5-6-O. WQM. Hello. I'm Tommy from Thai Kami. Came for the best high food and a best service. As long as you're not black, come on down to Thai Kami or Southeast. We're not black people. Get out of the team world. Besides, why black people want to eat Thai food anyway? We're not half right chicken on the menu. Oh, wait. I forget. We have a spare ribs. Good thing. I call. How does that work? It's a battle. So, if you're not black, come on down to Thai Kami. Come to think of it. Don't scam gay people. We're not like damn either. Should they keep food. But they talk too loud with funny lives. They stop other customers. No, come back. So, no gay, no black. And while we're at it, light people. You'll be a reservation for 17. Don't show up at 820 and it's for you table. We give you two somewhere else already. Lack of people always late. No black, no gay, no latte and Thai Kami. And George Peefall, you stop figuring all of you. Who can't who have what? Pay where the iron goes. That's our outside. Take 45 minutes. Time to divide up build. We ain't no one you hear. No Jew, no black, no fat, no cuban. And white people, you think you better than everybody else. Come play too much if we don't see so are. You're no comeback. No white, no black, no Jew, no Latino, no gain. Everybody else, but a best Thai food. Come on, now through Thai Kami. Undypise. Sorry, before we have to close. All right. One thirty two, or we can just all go down to a couple of original Middle Unis. So anyway, here's a great letter to the editor. This is so typical man of the kind of reason. They're finally, there's something good. They do that 85 part great investigative series about all the scandal at Miami International Airport. Here's a letter from arcana bla. B.L.U.H. in Miami. Not high-productive bla. Read the recent series on my International Airport. When MIA will cox steel was opened, it was considered the first modern airport worldwide. It contained innovations that were unheard of in existing airports such as different levels to arrivals and departures. Airport executives in our context nationwide came to Miami to see our miracle. The oldest new airport would now be considered outdated as it started a trend-copied worldwide. Those who build upon our ideas would have improved the concept, give the airport credit. What a letter. We got all those corruption. We've got billions of money being flushed down the toilet. And this guy, he's a limited-wheel-cox field. Nice going pal. How's WCK? Our radio coming along too, by the way. You old fart. I met Arcana bla. He's probably what about 125? He's a little bit busy. Don't keep using with the fact. He's like so many of you folks living in the distant past. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. I miss the Bob. Yes? I want to wish you an early birthday because on your birthday, I'm going to celebrate with living in teeth and breathing people in the Vegas. I didn't want to say the first time I heard you on was your first day on IoT. And I said, my God, about two months later I said, Neil God. And now I have to say thank God for the entertainment. If some poor guy that has to drive on a roadtriple, you'll say well on the day. WCK, I believe that. Yes. Well, listen, I hope you wouldn't all the cash in the world in Vegas, Bob. Well, I'll have fun. I'm sure you will. And you have a good birthday. And thanks for the memories. There goes Bob who you listen to WIOD. Oh, I hate that station. Like I said, I always think that's Alex Bennett, but it's not. It's that asshole. 560, 560. What was his name, Don Geronimo? Nice going, Neil. Wow. It's a lot of ball today. You're right on top of it. See, that's the problem, man. I'm like way over here in this audience. They're like, wait. I'm looking over my shoulder. Wait, wait back there in the distance. I can see, way back there. I see some of them. Hold bunch of them. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes. Hello. Yes, sir. Thank you. How are you? Great. Neil, I was trying to reach you. But I called the 6536796, which is the office number. Right. To power 96. I pushed the operator so I could get the right number. Oh, boy. And what about three hours ago? Well, maybe a few minutes. That's what usually happened. It takes about three hours. You get through to this building. Right. And I was trying to call. You know, we should have a bird there. And what do you know? Oh, you were. And the guy screamed to me. What I asked was, you can get around. You're right to see. I got the phone on me. Neil Rogers. Who? Yes, sir. I just have to call back. And I got the number. Right number. You know, from the airport. You had an asshole was that? I don't know. But either big one. Wow. You either big one. We have a lot of morning loose in this building. But I just. A lot of assholes with an attitude. Yeah. Major 96. Whatever. That is. Exactly. And you. How many toned of the tiger? Oh, okay. Probably is. Yeah. Okay. So we're. Thanks. We'd have. I'm sorry that they gave you the old jerk around. Yes, sir. Thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10. I wonder who that could have been. It certainly couldn't have been. Carlos. He's our buddy. Our power. Not to probably. We've never less. We try to keep it a secret. Just here. We're in the building. I wonder what kind of an asshole that could have been. Of course, at least you got to talk to somebody because generally when you dial a. See, this is everywhere now. Not just here. You call any guy there on these numbers. And it's this new deal with voicemail and with, you know, like every team that filled us, we're getting on a floor and put it with your foot. It's a joke. I call my American Express. Plighten and travel related to consumer, confirm some reservations. And by the time you get through punch and all that and punch in your card number and the 85 digits of your shoe size. By the time you get through your exhausted and then they start hearing that music, you know. Oh, yeah, you're on. You're on hold. But one of our people will get through to you. And maybe before you die, maybe if you're lucky in the stop containing stuff. Yeah. God. What happened to the days when you could call a number and speak to like a living person? Oh, I'm sorry. Again, I'm complaining too much. Here's the adventure, hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, Neil? Great. Happy birthday. Thanks. A long time caller and I just want to say that I miss you on a whammy. When was on, you know, on the TV. But I listen to you on a radio. Thank God that we have you on on radio. Whammy. And it's not. Yeah. And that, you know, you, you'll voice your opinion, which is great. And, uh, I'm very entertaining. I just want to know how to, how to, how to feel that and forward. That we have a blue cross blue shield, which is a private company running Social Security. Okay, 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's go to a mobile and Fort Lottodale, hello. Yeah, Neil, am I on? Yes, sir. Okay, listen, happy birthday. Thanks. I've been out of town for about a week and I picked up that thing on that. It's really opiology. Right. You know, that's in common knowledge amongst scholars for about 15 years. Yeah, but they try to keep it quiet because they don't want to brush on any feathers, you know? Yeah, what's sharpness you want to do? Yeah. Okay, but the thing is, uh, the scholar, I know he said they might have left in small tribes when he said he doesn't even think there was an exodus that I've got to have to have to have to have to. That's correct. That is really correct. Right. Okay, and happy birthday. Don't tell me on your start though because he's still like the world. Okay. Have a great day. Great dead by the way, Leon. You're a sea of dead over. I'm probably still getting them. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I could probably tell you a story about one of our great sponsors, Nick Sagarz, that had a very interpret call from one of the people in this building. I don't want to tell you that about her going to long one. Tell us a story about on screw-in, screaming and yelling and curing on with our sponsors and with our friend Carol from Center 1. Maybe she's just on a rack this year. 22 till 2 at 560WQA. The Neil Roger Show sports radio, 560, a half. Step on to the Superbar. Let's take you to a picnic here. That was planned. You have the way mama would be good. The next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the aumenter. The next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next stage, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day that the next day, the next day, the next day,. think of LFU, it's 17 till 2 not much. I'll tell you that. And they're going to be at that. Oh, and by the way, the Harold screwed that up again to this morning on the back page of one of the sections that threw out where they had the kids page, you know, about that while 100 isn't a while 100 that's putty content that they're having this weekend out in the grass somewhere. They're going to be rolling around on the grass and LFU, there's so they have the big thing about them and a big story about them who've had all, like a medley of one hit. And then they're saying also appearing will be 98 degrees in some other bitch. Yeah. Also appearing 98 degrees. You people at the Harold's should only croak, okay, which you know about music or anything else. God frosted my fat ass, okay. I'm snitching the nicken Jeff on you guys, okay. You assholes you. I'm snitching my buddy footy. Oh, yeah, maybe he'll be doing some cigar spots pretty soon. Because I have a feeling we won't. Only gonna see us our good buddy Scott's warts from a Mickey Mouse radio. Hey, hey, hey, how are you? Okay, Scott. Happy birthday. Sure, thanks. I just want to call which you're happy birthday. And I'm sorry you left here Scott. Oh, I'm very sorry. Yeah. So here and you talked about what transpired over time. You ain't seen nothing yet. I mean, what you saw here in the five minutes that you worked here. That was that was minimal compared to what this place is all about. Yeah, well, all I could tell you is good luck because it sounds like the fun is continuing bigger and better than ever. Oh, yeah. Well, and if any of your listeners have little titties, you know, I want to tune in my radio Disney AM990. AM990 Scott's warts is the General Manager of a Mickey Mouse radio station. Of course the question is is there any other kind? Well, you know what though? I tell you you know, the music, believe it or not, actually sounds better than a lot of the FM station from this market. I know that's not fair. Well, I'm right exactly. I was just going to see that. Probably better than probably better than radio a smegma. Well, listen, have a great day and say hello to Greg for me. Okay. I'll give a big kiss on the push for you. Thanks. Thanks. How do what's your name? Laura. Oh, you know, I'm a side out of mind. Sorry, Laura. It's just a joke. It'll teach you to shine me at Eckhart's Laura. Five six. I'll let it forget those things. I haven't like a little memory bank. I threw all those little things away. I know she was very preoccupied that day and haven't a big fight with mommy or whatever. And she saw me like, oh gee, like I have to talk to him. Now it was only hello and goodbye. That was all Laura. And she's great. We love Laura. Sometime. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. We got a couple of open lines here. They had to been a battle. It's been a goddamn battle. Even General Grant never fought a battle like this until that right now. Air media in this town is a battle, but you know, something like I told you the 10th and the 25th. Don't be stressed. You know, that's all what it's all about. That's what it's all about. Here's the mobile and highly. Hello. Yeah, hello. Have you birthday? Thanks. Have you ever heard of anything called on you on? No. I wonder what to burking with a while ago trying to get some onion rings and the name is pronounced on. I'm going to live in Highly at two. Probably need to get out a little bit more pal. Hey, also, I worked for the major airline over at Miami International in the long time. Just wanted to say that was just a few bad apples. That's right. Just a few bad road apples. All those ramp racks. Yeah, there's still a few apples to be picked, but just a few hand grenades left the roll in the run. That's all. Yeah, but Mayor, peanuts, his security points are doing a heck of a double there. Yeah, they sure are. Especially with me. I get stopped every time I go to there. In fact, I think the next time I'm going to take a couple of hand grenades just to see whether they catch them or not. Yeah, I can probably get right through. Probably. Okay, listen, Pal, have a great day. Take care. See how do your friends at AA? I mean, American. 567. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We're pushing our way along here, man. We might make it till 2 o'clock. What do you think? Oh, I don't think I've got a headache from this year today. My head is robbing. It's robbing from this. Wow. Here's beneath a spring, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. This is line nine. It would stay revisited. Yeah, that's right. First time short time, Mr. I think maybe one of the reasons the people haven't called in about the salaries is they picked up the salaries of one. The hockey players. They don't care about hockey players. No, they think I don't want to know about Peter Warnell or whatever the they picked up their newspaper and they've seen that the Ken Griffey Jr has turned down $135 million straight years. He doesn't think it's enough. Well, that's right. He wants to look close to home. I mean, when you're making that kind of money, you can tell people where you want to play. What kind of an asshole is that? Like I said, there's no loyalty anymore and people are finding it in real-discussed and fed up and it's about time. Yes, you're right. I say school Griffey Jr is a great player, but school, anyway. Okay. Have a happy and back to you. Screw you, Griffey. Okay. You won a great full piece of turd. Fans of Seattle ought to be there to be running around with God in my anti-Grifty signs now. Yeah, you know, and we'll pack you a sandwich. Okay, Junior. That's what they ought to be doing. All over Seattle right now is given them a big goddamn sendoff. He's a cramp. Oh, he wants to play close to the home in Orlando. That's the honey tune. Yeah. And we'll stick it right away to Moon Don't Cheyne. Correct. Um, 567.0560 pound 550 on the AT&T line. That famous little line that line nine this guy was just on there from the Needless Springs. That's pretty heavy, duty. 877-785-6345. 877-785 Neil, any I.L. You got it with a K? Here is a highly a hello. Hey, yes, sir. How are you doing here? Okay. I got nothing much to say. I just want to say how to birthday and hope you enjoy it. And I hope you don't really work because I only got five more years in his damn town. I'm getting it out. I hope you stay with me. No chance. You got it. Anyway, the guy from low doors is for real. I want to call my wife, man. Do you spag a ticket here? Neil, good bye. Okay, see you. 567-0560 pound 550 on the AT&T line. Fans show little enthusiasm. He'd open her last night says, Ken Rodrigan. I'm saving this. This is this is beautiful. You have somebody great lines in it. And it's 18 year old kid. Nobody's watching the game. What's wrong with these people? You're rena needed to be checked for a pulse. It's great. It's great in the sunside state. Yeah, you know how sometimes they check an individual to see if there's a pulse. This is the only state where they put the guy damn stuff. Let's go right in the middle of the floor to echo. See if there's any pulse in there. If there's anything beating. Here's Davey. Hello. Hey Neil, I get a great. Happy birthday to you so much. I was the investigator that sent over the information. Thank you. By the way, thank you. What a scandal this is. You're welcome. Well, just be able to understand that all these tournaments, all these charity things are nothing more than ASKAM. Well, I happen. I disagree with you on that point. This one happens to be a sham. First of all, if you still have your invoice from that I've fixed over to you. Yes, I do. Where you see the two fees for $40. Those weren't appearance fees. What were they? That was that those two individuals showed up the day before the tournament and it were charged off to QAM to play an extra round of golf. Oh. Okay. The squad web and scooter, that is correct.