They're talking Neo called 566-70560 toll free for dated Broward, or count 560 on your cell phone. No, the opinions of Neo is guest callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM, easily read acquisitions, or the feasly broadcast group. No, now, Neo Rogers, on Sports Radio 566-QA-M. Don't take an evil f*** on them. No, no, no, no, no, no. So happy to hear that you have to hear when you come to their back door. No, no, no, no, no. They're here, they're by the door. They met the devil, while I was rich it for the soul. Oh, yes, yes. We're almost ever so close. Come on, Enoch, come on. Um, record them. Come on, Enoch, come on. Uh... Oh, no. See, see, see. Yeah, that's a noise, Enoch. Okay, um, record them at the back. Oh, no, Homo. I can't remember. Carindy, man. I'll keep you on me, go set. Homo. No, no, Homo. Oh, I'm not sure. He's in. Okay, okay. Richard gear. Homo, oh, no, Homo. Papa there. No, Homo. Yeah. Homo? Yeah, see, Enoch. Why? Not Jebel accident. For poquito, Jebel. See, but what a way to go. Oh, there's no, there's no, so almost those happy seniors. They wish you good job. Happy when you come to their back door. That's all. I hope you come again. The few who have their little when they see you in the end. Hey, stay alive. Thank you. Happy Tuesday today for more good pizons over here at QA. Last night at the hockey game I had people coming. I had 6,200 people coming me with requests for me to do one thing on the air today. Never had that before my life. Do one thing. They said whoever that jackass is with a touch pseudo, they got something new and exciting at the macaroonum. Because they just won't let your rest. They like I've told you for months now, they won't let your ear drums rest. There's no peace. If you're one of those people like yours, truly, if I'm going to go take a leak, I went out there during the year, you know, with little purple light coming in the pink light. I mean, whatever that light is comes on, the commercial time out. I went out, take a leak and I come back. Because that I want to miss the game. And in between periods, I'm not going to go out there in a hallway, shmoosing, and cruising, and, you know, I just sit there on my fan, and I wait for the game to start again. But they don't give you an opportunity to let you, like I said, your ear drums, we set there's always got to be a constant noise. There's got to be a racket. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, I just never stops. They don't give you a minute to breathe. So, nothing to do with exciting things is between periods. They've got, and by the way, Brunea Diaz is that the guy's name's some, Ludswick. He does like kind of a highlights in scoreboard. He does a good job. He's okay. I have no idea who he is, but he's all right. But they got some other clown, he's an asshole. And it's Huxedo. He's on there going around doing silly things in the crowd, you know, like with little kids and more contest and more stupid as crap. And he's got a real squeaky voice. I don't want to make any comparisons here. He's got a real, real squeaky voice like somebody on this state. Oh, yeah, like him. Right, exactly. And just annoying us out on all these people coming up, please rip this guy and made your ass tomorrow. And I will get him out of there, get him away from us. Okay, we don't need this guy. First of all, asshole, it's a hockey game. Nobody comes to a hockey game in a Tuxedo. Jack asked, you know, maybe come up to Panthers jersey on something I might have to do with what's going on there. Not enough Tuxedo. He looks like he's coming to an opera or something. Or like he's the ringleader at a circus. One of those clowns, like he ought to be there with a person in and sure of Nick. Sucking around and sunrise Boulevard. Sir, it's not that it's personal because I have no idea who you are, what your name is. Maybe somebody in the audience. I will get a spy report. Somebody knows this guy's name over. He came from somebody that said next to me, said, you know, I think this guy works at your station. I never saw him before because he's an ass. So I have a few of those around the station, but he's not somebody I saw. Do you, what do you give me a look like? Do you think you know who it is? Oh, how would I know who it is? Well, I mean, you're probably in your mind. You're going through the various assholes. And maybe by two o'clock, you'll select those silly on their own at the end of the right one. So you know, nobody out there knows who this guy is. They don't know his name. They don't want to know his name. All they want him to do is go away. Say goodbye. Okay. I don't want to start to show this morning on a sour note because being the bastard that I am and looking at life honestly and truthfully, there are a lot of emotional cripples out there. So what I'm about to say, maybe you want to stick your fingers in your ear for like 30 seconds because bullet newspapers today, this is a horrible story. Many times somebody young dies suddenly like, you know, and it happens a lot. You know, athletes, they're in training, they're in a game or whatever. And all of a sudden, they just kill over and they die. And they discover they had some kind of a hard problem or some kind of a medical problem that nobody could have possibly discovered before. And that's nature. Oh, geez. Nature. You know, a lot of you have bumper stickers on your cars or pickup trucks or whatever you're driving, you're rig your diesel or a thing. That's a crap happens. Can't say a shot happens. Can't say the real word because it's America. And that's really what life is all about. And these stories, now here on the front page of both of our newspapers today, even Dave Hyde has got a gut-wrenching story of a celebration of spirit about the kids from Boka Hyde who play went to and played their soccer game and wanted yesterday. Nice going there, guys. Ow! Winning one for Vinnie for this kid that died the other day. And like I said, it's a horrible story. We send our sympathies to the family and all of his friends and I'm not a cold-hearted bastard. But it's just that every time something like this happens again, people say stupid things and they do stupid things. For example, here on the front page of the hero, winning one for Vinnie. And here's one of the kids from the, just scored a goal. And he's holding it Ronnie. I don't want to go into the whole thing. Okay? But anyway, Ronnie is holding his finger up toward the sky. And on the other side, Vinnie, who is allegedly up there, up there somewhere. I don't want to get too graphic, but obviously he is not up there. He's pointing his finger in the wrong direction. But of course if he was pointing his finger down, people, these superstitious, hoqis, pocus, people, other. Oh my God, he said he went to hell. No, that's not what that would mean. That would mean he's resting in a box in the ground comfortably somewhere as he did. But we do these things because, number one, we can't cope with that. Especially the death of young people. But number two, because we're emotional cripples and we can't deal with the fact that nature doesn't discriminate. Nature is relentless. It just keeps churn along, churn along. You heard that feel about the survival of the fittest, well guess what? That's the way it works. Natural selection, all these things. And whether you want to deal with, I mean, it's not a very pleasant thought. All of these things. Or sometimes very cool and very like I said, relentless. But that's, you know, if you want to deal with philosophy, like I said, the NH, do no harm. And nature is the nature. That happens. That's basically all you need to become a little more emotionally afit as opposed to being the emotional cripples, which most people in America are, very sad, maybe most people in the war bar, I guess. Can't deal with death. And so we have to make up stories. Oh, he's in heaven now. There's nobody. There's no such thing as heaven. There's no such thing as hell. There's no such thing as the devil with a pitch fork. There's no purgatory, which is kind of like God's waiting room, I guess, or the devil's waiting room, all depending. Something else, you know, what, what happens with purgatory? What, how long you hang out there? Is anybody know? No. No. Anybody. No. Yeah. It's very sad, maybe, because Airbnb, though, and this is the way people deal with tragedy with their, with their sorrow is they make up crap. And if it makes them feel better, you know, I'm not going to take that away from them. But Jesus, why does the media have to keep portraying these silly things? Is there ridiculous? Are they seeing? Oh, he's in heaven. Now he's not in heaven. There's nobody in heaven. Nature just keeps like I said. And if you don't believe me, if you get to be old as I am, some of your older, but most of you are probably younger, when you get to be my age and you've gone through all the ailments and the prostate thing and the breast thing and whatever, how do you happen to be? And the fat and all the other things that you go through in life, you realize it's kind of nothing to do with God or the devil has to do with nature. That's all. All throughout history, you take a look at, I mean, man keeps intervening and screwing it up in every way possible. It can't, but he can't hold it back. Can't stop it. Can't stop nature in its tracks. And nature doesn't pick on somebody because they're young or because they're old or because they're Jewish or because they're Catholic or because they're whatever, because they're good because they're bad. They're evil. You know, I remember years ago when I used to do those awful shows. And there was that one rabbi wrote the book, why do bad things happen to good people? You don't have to make something convoluted out of this. You don't have to make it complicated. Bad things happen to some good people and good things happen to some bad people because crap happens. That's all. Nature is not selective in that sense. Nature doesn't pick and choose who gets lucky or who gets what are, you know, the heart attack. I mean, genes have something to do with that, which is a part of nature. But that again is an over and above all the hoaxes, pocus. And as nothing can do with God, the devil, the tooth fairy, purgatory, any of that crap. See, this makes too much sense. You can't reduce things to something that makes so much sense. That's so easy. It's simple. It's not a pretty picture, but that's the way it is. So my philosophy of life is you do the best you can. V NH and do the best you can. Oh my God, you're so simplistic. Yeah. You don't need all these philosophers, all these experts, all these rocket scientists. You do the best you can. That's all. And do the harm. Wow. Mr. Philosopher there. That's right. All this other hoax, pocus and all this superstition and all this fantasy. Just get into the real world, baby. People who live on this planet right now, we've got in the real world, man, it would be a hell of a lot better. It would be beautiful. It would be like almost a paradise hanging from your rear view mirror. But they just refuse to do it because they got to make up things to make them feel better. Okay. He's in heaven now. Whoever it is, okay. Everybody that died that you liked. He's in heaven now. I know this is Lord, even loves Neil Rogers. Down on me. I want to down on me. Okay. You go there, sir. It's hot. When you go down on the floor. Let's go down on me. Everyone, you're down on me. I sure do. Neil Puss, I would have been pleased if you'd make me a heart. I might even make you my new gardener. Because I'm not too smart, just shoot it into my hands. I'm going down on me. Go away, down on me. Thanks Lord, work. I know you'll be impressed with such a child's mind, sir. Go down on me. I want you down on me. You're up on my phone. Who's it? Kiss you, papa. Go down on me. Go down on me. You're up on my dress. It's none could go on. Just, just, just, just. I lifted tired a lot. I lifted iron and they were lost. 1015 at 5. 60 WCM. A lot of the Pope uses canoe. Well, we'll get in that later. See, that business I just went through the first ten minutes. That should have been taped. That should be put on all over the world. There'll be a near-ve language. Very simple. Nothing revolutionary. It's just too simple for people. They have to take simple things and make them complicated. Otherwise, you can't make any money. And you can't control people's minds. When things are very simple, common sense. Oh, common sense. Sounds like a communist plot to me. Is it it? Uh, thank you. By the way, Angela Ray makes me physically sick on channel 4. Have you seen her now? We knew that they were going to be copying the channel 7 thing because they hired the former assistant news director from channel 7. But I always thought she was okay before. Like I said, the other day even in spite of that grow testing on her upper lip. But she now has become such a silly, simple, a jiggling idiot on a channel 4 news. And the guy they brought into my town has got the real red face. It looks like he's got a real bad sunburn and melanomas will be breaking out any day. They're just killing themselves, man. What you know what? Well deserved after what they did the barbers loan. After our good friend John Doos bag is retiring now. How can a guy like him by the way, afford to be retiring now? Did you read that he's retiring? Yeah, he's getting out while getting his good and claims to be retiring. Our good post personal friend John Doos bag a channel 4. And more power to a merrier go. Nothing like early retirement or even afforded, baby. He must have pictures, you know. He must have naked pictures or maybe Brian or across some of the other people. Who might it be? Jericho Gackie. Yeah, I think. I'm sorry. Speaking of Jericho Gackie, they had a little problem. The audio with the original last night and during the pregame. Tired into something we were talking about yesterday. Guys with the list during the pregame. They had speaker problems as usual. And when they showed the highlight thing with the Jericho doing the voiceovers, everything he said we either had like a Brian Murray syndrome or a bad list. And I kept thinking, Jericho Gackie's stock. But he does have a wife, you know. But I'm certain to wonder about him because he's not knows really. Have you ever noticed how he got that mouth of the kind of like, uh, fruity like Barney or a Frank? Huh? Same kind of lift motion there. So that's one of our poll questions. Do you think? Jericho Gackie's stock or not. Speaking of the macaroon the last night by the way, kind of a pond risk game. But nevertheless, uh, the positive and the negative. I tell it exactly the way it is. Good thing little improvement there. They got the scores up there. The out of town games up in the corners. I mean, over and over, they kept right up to date. Oh, guys. Ow! You do something good. I'll tell you about it. But, but the bad thing you're not going to mention that again today. Are you or you're, yeah, I am. And the reason being that for the first time since I've been talking about this, which is like let's say October, November, December, five months. Almost five months. I've been mentioning this. Nothing has happened to change it. Panther's second goal. Ray, what did he ask? Oh, geez. I forgot that today. You know, should have started to show with that. But I'm getting a little bit old. Ray, what he has up here. I don't know. Ray, he's our hero. But nevertheless, what he scored his second goal, which was tied to game again to two apiece. And it was from back in the blue line. And it was a shot that like nobody saw, including the Steve Shields, the goalkeeper for San Jose. And the first thing, you know, it's in the net. And we're all sitting there. I look around. I'm sitting there, and like John and I were looking at each other, we're looking at the crowd, and 90% of the people are just sitting there for about five seconds. And then all of a sudden, it's a goal. And everybody's, hey, how right. Yeah. like that you can see no, maybe they're like a hundred people sitting in that place can see that red light go on at that shoot twice in other than that can't see it. And that's embarrassing and I'm so glad that that happened last night because it goes to sure that I've been right all along for these five months that I'm the only person in South Florida that's got the the hoods by and the brains to say what the hell is the point of going to a game when you don't know it's somebody scored. That was pathetic and if you were there you know exactly what I'm talking about we're all seeing they're like the necko in I mean is that is there something going on there is like a yeah very very sad pathetic. And then of course we got the big story I got so many things today man just loaded with crap on the stone the circle. That's right this is the big thing going on in town now the circle in the downtown Miami. Miami Stonehands the ancient circle discovered at the mouth of Miami River will be history soon unless state County and city official step in to stop a developer voice build on the mysterious artifact. Active the seeking to preserve the circle of argue that for a human teeth found there maybe proof that it was part of a burial ground which would give the site protected status under state law they found four teeth there. Now what they neglected to say was that they were false to you. So probably somebody got lost from sunrise or tambourack or surf side. And maybe they stopped to do like a little number out there and at peace of land which is have been generally vacant for a hell of a long time. I mean and they talk about the fact they're going to move it now I really realize I'm a little slow when it comes to many things and I'm the first one to admit that that in many areas I'm pretty goddamn dumb but how do you move a circle how do you move a artifact in the ground peace by peace Jesus Christ they had to cut it up yeah hall it all and then put it all back together again like what are some of it like crumbles God forbid and it will I know because it's I mean little stone in there but there's a lot of like dirt and dirt you know I hate to break the news here the dirt has this habit of crumbling there's a real stone in Florida this is all coral right exactly it is coral exactly correct and there's these teeth in there and there may be sharks teeth in there it may be a yield Indians buried in there and all kinds of stuff and so the city of Miami commission is having an emergency meeting today to deal with this very pressing problem and the media have made a big big song that it ends about this and this is the number one issue when it's now what's going to show you what a horse ball town is is are they going to destroy the circle is this developer going to build on this land course he's already put down like a fortune an arm and a leg 120 he's already got to permits to build his 126 million dollars uh twin towers so that's the big issue in town is do we move the circle jerk and whose teeth are those really maybe sunny Rosenberg stopped out there maybe those are sunny Rosenberg's balls to you John Erleckman is dead by the way 73 one of the anxious people of the watergy at era told him in Mitchell, Erleckman and Dean although John Dean turned out to be a pretty good guy and had a beautiful wife by the way we're never to less John Erleckman died at his home February 14 on Valentine's Day seeing how God was in mysterious ways that told you and then it goes on to say he had diabetes he had diabetes I just mentioned that for any diabetic out there who maybe like inundating their systems with fish food and candy and all kinds of sugar-laden crap so you can't do that because when you're diabetic and you start messing around with all these things you wind up prematurely dead of course I'm on the enforced atkins right now I have no choice amazing I'm like a prisoner of the act in thytho choice and I've lost like four pounds in two days I'm in my lowest weight now in a long time not because I'm gonna be willpower because I'm smart but because I have no choice because I'm terrified that if I eat anything off out of the ordinary my blood sugar is gonna go zoning up there and I'm gonna be very luck done Erleckman prematurely dead although in his case I think would it be evil to say 73 was old enough in his case would that be wrong? no I think you're right my favorite story of the last 24 hours this is the best saw it on TV this morning saw the billboards from San Francisco more than 30 overweight people chanted eat me well that's what they always yell in San Francisco while performing aerobics on the sidewalk in front of a health club to protest a new ad campaign they say demoralizes fat people the fat advocates banned to get banded together to protest the 24-hour fitness billboard campaign that depicts a hungry space alien and reads when they come they will eat the fat ones first company officials said they did not intend to offend anyone sometimes you're more helps make things easier and can even be motivational 24-hour fitness officials said in their release and I looked at that thing and I thought to myself because we know everybody's uptight anyway everybody's got thin skin fat skin whatever they got everybody's looking for a problem looking to sue somebody looking to demonstrate looking to a show their dissatisfaction and their mal-contentiveness at their such a word and my personal opinion on this and I think I've got good you know I've got a real good vantage point for much to view it is that why to home and they had some guy under this more course it was in San Francisco keep in mind and he said well if the science said when they come they will eat the home of sexual gay people first and then my just enjoy and he said yes that would be offensive because that's like you know picking up a minority group now fat people of course we're not a minority anymore in America we become a majority over 50 percent of the people in America are fat obese obese a staggering statistic were fattening all crap man we're gigantic we're enormous maybe that's why QAM has got so many fat people let me more greatly you're representative of the rest of the American population I sure hope not we're fat so why can't you make fun of fat people why can't you say look at that fat slab look at that ton of crap look at that tub I do it all the time only of course if they're fat of the lion huh well if they're not fat of the lion we would have to be saying look at that tub a large if I'm fat of the they are that's the height of hypocrisy but I got news for I've been fat all my adult life once upon time tipping the scales at 2606 oh 20 or six years ago 266 I was just a big walk in tub a fat she the other things that they were talking about like making fun of blacks or any minority groups those people are what they are it's not a choice thing in life but when you're fat it's a choice even though it's a tough choice I'm not saying it's easy to lose and I'm not saying that but all these shows that remember what's your name totally fields used to do those shows or it's fun to be fat it's great to be that surely Peters used to remember that crap that's a cover up for the fact that you're neurotic and so I kind of about the fact you're fat you're trying to say oh you're great because because you're fat totally fields of course how she's doing so you're going to be seen her lately no did choke tunnel slummy sandwich I think but what a way to go choke on a choke tunnel big fat sandwich probably at the rascal house wouldn't surprise me I jagged just when I think about that you might and about the people are patronizing but anyway we're talking fat today baby any fat slums out there in this audience and boy you go to the hockey games woo there are some I don't know how those people sit in those seats they must be like spilling over they must have be have the arm rest up their buck rack huh seriously talking about having a leg up on the competition I can't imagine how some of those big fat tubs a lot not all many either by the way sorry ladies sitting those little narrow of baby seats at the macarena fat slubs five to two I was driving home yesterday thinking which is unusual for me but I was thinking about that first call we had yesterday and the usual non-response to put on me is to that that idiot that caught right off the bat right out of the box our first call the week I was thinking of myself you know why would the Jews God's chosen people who wrote that stuff you know who wrote that the Jews oh why is it that only if you believe in Jesus will you go to heaven who wrote that the goyan how do you like that what no all of his a problem sorry but they became going the invented well Paul how come you say that what the invented it but he was Jewish he was Jewish he was a Jew for Jesus for he was the first damn what what's wrong with you man to your piano my parade now it's an obvious point see when you make things simple not complicated very simple and you scrape away all the extraneous bull crap you see how easy this to figure these things huh there you go why torture yourself why go through life without cluttering your brain you know seriously when it doubt empty it out unburned yourself from all that cluttering your brain between your ears there have room for important things like hockey scores stuff like that you know worried about the oh well the good book says in the man upstairs that always kills me man the man the good man upstairs is looking down on me he's looking down on you he must have tremendous eyesight not very good foresight because even though he knows what's gonna happen ahead of time he keeps screwing up all over an over and gets pissed off and has to put the locus down here and all these other plagues and drowning everybody he gets better out of shape even though he knew ahead of time was all gonna happen I mean I'm telling you folks there isn't anybody with the IQ of a church mouse I with the IQ of a tit mouse if I can say that who would believe these things seriously how could anybody with an IQ larger than their little finger believe already straight I just can't buy it I just can't deal with it and so all these people out the whole world my mostly this country though I mean the fanatical countries of course we've said that because we really believe that we're not one of those which is of course a major joke wrapped up in hypocrisy and bullcraft scrape it all away it's all nature man nature just does it's thing it just keeps rolling along crap happens just look at the bumpers that run it back to your vehicle okay shot happens and it does so every time the uh and of course the jackass is in the media you have to keep playing to this because you know it's god and apple pie and motherhood knowledge bullcraft they don't want to offend anybody always have to play it safe they're all they're looking for answers all these kids all these cheerful kids the other they're all a church looking for answers there are no answers maybe there'll be an eye answer when the autopsy report comes back but again that's a natural answer has to do with nature has to do with health has to do with somebody's physical health or lack of and has nothing to do with god it has nothing to with somebody was a good person a bad person an evil person had skeletons in his closet has nothing to do with any of these things but we go through a life like i said about my clupa kill it was on handshoe a couple of weeks we were talking about some dead jack up on the sky he's looking down i you know he's not looking down he's riding in a box somewhere why do we to leave in ways we become adults why do we have to talk on such a juvenile level that we know is just uh you know feel good kind of talk i'm not into feel good talk you know i'm just into real talk i just talk about things the way they really are and a lot of people i discover i think most people can't cope with that they can't stand it oh gee you're saying all these things and it's uh you can't say them why well i don't know i can't deal with it why what's the what's the problem i mean you know did Hitler get like terminal cancer at the age of 30 and die of premature death so we could save all those people no there are evil rotten nasty people who live to be like ninety hundred years old and there are good people who die like this soccer player viny uh so under seventeen years old and everything in between there aren't any spiritual answers for it there's nothing to be looking for crap happens non-selectively indiscriminately it just keeps rolling right along nature long before we were here and long after we're long gone and human race nature will still be doing its thing relentlessly and uh in infinitely forever oh you can't say these things okay i'm on here's a mobile intel rabie chelle morning meal yes sir listen speaking of fat in the arena i've got a person sitting next to me in section one twelve that i'm staying for half of my seat yeah i'm sir and you got somebody to see it's down it's pretty big there was a guy last night there are couple of seats down i was pretty happy we are he was he was squeezed in the one seat uh i noticed he didn't move an awful lot either which is i guess pretty good because he was squeaked in their pretty tight he couldn't because the couple was we're in the way aha i a lesson pitiful defensive performance in our own zone uh do what what's there to talk about okay it was another uh one of those awful games you know very bad very disappointing very mediocre would be a compliment i agree well keep a keep it a while ago good now to know you sit now were you sit do you see the red light um no and i said ready almost right behind the go on a kitty corner i still can't see no you can notice uh when would you got the second golden time the game which were nearly would have been a very explosive moment in the arena that most of us were sitting on our ass for least several seconds until we realized oh guess what it's a goal because nobody can see the red light do you notice that yeah not only that but uh there was some question as the weather was over with i thought actually no one be had to have that look like it hit off something but it happened so fast but the point is that the red light went on and nobody knew that was in that that's the point because we don't have a red light that anybody can see and that there you go again kneel is right one more time you're right but i'll tell you what ray with you's god that's thank god for him yeah okay by the way bad news for Panther fans i don't want to say i told you so some people were coming up to me in uh yesterday morning here in the station and then last night before the game it's in oh when's he coming back when's palm milk i said when he's good and ready and they looked at me like what do you mean by that well you'll find out verian hold is what it says here in the paper this morning right wing popbell burry was re-evaluated by panther's or to piairther peter surgeon david atarian before the game but nothing has changed with the status of his knee injury oh it says oh so like he'll be back one of these days see buddy have a heart or a liver no now and then come from Stockholm you know that the oil rolled swadcan from bed yeah your like crazy that's how much calm your okay Really good at alpha sport Oh, I swear you say And be it crazy about your sport Oh, I swear you say You like drop a ball You're a stop And freezes no It's in the fire in world war Do you want your sweet thing Oh, it's a beautiful thing Oh, it's a beautiful thing 1045 and 560 WKOM So anyways, one more on note on the hockey team That's not really about hockey It's about young girls with real bad taste Last night, teens come out for the pregame skate And here comes San Jose out there And Mike Richi who's one of the... The forget about sports athletes What are the ugliest human beings Who ever stepped on the face of the earth He comes out and all of a sudden And this goes on and every rank by the way in the league There's about a dozen of these young 10, 12, 14 year old girls With their faces pressed against the glass Just emote And blowing kisses to them and he's laughing in the waving back This, I'm sure this man is so ugly With a long on campaign and the nose that could just Maybe the nose is like a phallic thing To them To be it I mean the glass was moist They were like slathering on the glass They're trying to get over the top of the glass Just to reach out and grab I mean good news for a lot of people I guess that women have very bad taste in men So ugly and grotesque I wouldn't touch him with your hand, okay? I'm looking at a board here this morning It looks to me like this should have been a good vacation week for me This is unbelievable I was just saying the George I mean nowhere else in the world In the history of mankind Even in Geneva, New York I could have done the first 40 minutes that I did here this morning And have a whole bunch of people Will you talk about any of these things that I talked about? There is not a call on this board Yesterday was brutal, even for a Monday was especially brutal Today obviously is going to be even worse They have nothing to say about anything This is the week that the town ran dry Let's hear it They have nothing 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line Is this station on the air There are so many days that come in here I go through my song at a dance for half hour 20 minutes 40 minutes in this case And I wonder myself, are we really on the air? Is this just an exercise? Is it like a dry run? Huh? It's got to be We can't really be on the air I mean, there can't be that many stiffs out there Walk it around on this town It's astonishing It's amazing to me And believe me, the deficiency isn't on this end I guarantee you that, okay? I'm impressed by the stuff I had to say today I'm blown away by it so to speak I'm blown away But man, you people talk about slow starts Maybe like I've said before, it's this radio station, okay? Maybe it's STR, STATS you and it could be Because I have never been doing this for 622 years I've never encountered such a dead group As this audience, this call-in audience man They don't exist There is nothing you can say to prod them The pork them do arouse them To interest them Other than, they want some free tickets Which is really a city-leading radio, by the way God And I wonder how come I'm the only one that says like about Something as simple as the goal light at the hockey game And I'm the only one that has anything to say about it It even gives a crap These people are on a different wavelength, okay? They're on a different planet They're the early bird crowd, the late bird, I don't know what they are I mean, like last night here we had two local events We had a heat game and a panther game on the same night Both of the cell out of the heat game 18,700 Even professionals there in a money night Great job, by the way, the people showed up last night Nice going And it still doesn't mean anything Because most of them still haven't got any idea why they were there What was going on? Here's Miami, hello Okay, thank you Here's a mobile in Papano, hello Mobile in Papano Hey Neil? Yes sir Hey, I was going on Great I want to talk to you about the game last night I feel like in the first period where they judge Turn the light on Yeah, briefly the goal just screwed up Yeah, that happens He panicked, he poured on it You're right And reachy is the guy to be the ugliest person in the earth Uh-huh Maybe if there was an optownist in the crowd He could have helped all those young girls down there By the glance that we're oozing all over the palm of the surface They were following it to my mark, reachy I want to say that Like Brad Pitt And have a great day Okay, we have an open line in date to a Howard 560, 750, 560, 560 on the mobile one line Here's a mobile in 4 Lodderdale, hello I hate the heat, I hate the panthers, I hate the dolphins, I hate the marlins Yeah I hate the Haitians Uh-huh, okay, great Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Yeah, oh, this is long one Okay, okay, that's what we got here today Zipo, nothing If we had a real call here yet today No, no Are we going to get any real calls? No, okay, take a few days off Neil, I mean you show up here Every day, we get to spots in But this part of the show, I mean any kind of a response Any kind of verbal intercourse here today No, I mean you're like, you're talking too much sense here They can't deal with it, they can't cope with it They're all like, woo, like mouth readers is what they are Let's see how long it takes before we get our first real call today Might actually take a like to a clock Yesterday we started out with a re-emotional He was a real caller, but at least he was very entertaining and amusing and bizarre And then that was the last one of the day Maybe we'll do it in reverse today Maybe 155 will get a sit-a-lating call today Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello? Yes sir How are you doing Neil? Okay And Neil, I got to tell you something I think basketball, but one thing that really pisses me off These players, especially Patrick Ewing And this common earlier in the season when When the NBA players play Something that's old no sir, nobody cares about that We have an open line of day one in Broward 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one I talked about that at the time We're back, you know, about we can't put any bread on the table And the audience, nobody cares about that All right, so don't be munking around with Patrick Ewing Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hey Neil, how are you doing? I don't know yet I'm doing great The audience is under the weather I guess About the pan for one of the desk Is a Miami imagination or is Bobby's fail of playing in a fog? He's the worst, he's a disaster He's the only one who's a disaster Him and I need to see Spacer He can't come to complain about the defense of his team Because they don't have any He's a strong group, they don't have any defensive Or for him, they would have scored 10 last night Absolutely, I mean, I'm not sure I'm going to tell you another thing they had two blind referees Out there last night, and this is so typical of the so-called panther friends They were like nine penalties That the panthers, I mean, flagrant penalties That the two referees didn't call two of them They used last night and then later on in the game In the third period there was a flagrant penalty And then we go, hey, ref, you suck And I thought to myself, boy, you guys are so lucky The panther didn't have like ten power plays in that game And here are the same morons over there on the far side That's all they know man It's like a put it on a cassette It's a stuck record, hey, ref, you suck You know nothing I know nothing I came out to the game, I brought a friend of mine out to the game last night We had a good time, the first period It looked like they were peppering the net And you know, their goal is just kept them in the game But after that we were lucky to escape what a tie I'll tie it. Yeah That's a great day So what was this point? Here's a mobile info lottery, huh? Good morning Neil Yeah, sir. Okay You made a mistake in earlier You said that Paul was the first You produced this? Yeah The original 12, 11, the first 12 were Prior to Paul's conversion Well, what did you make? Well, you just made a mistake Yeah, and very large majority He's wrong about the fact that the The apostles are the ones that invented Christianity Christ the church was created by After he 90 years after he died And at the turn of the century, they were majority Jewish No, 30 years, 30 is after died And that's a very rare 90 years after he died 90 years ago, what difference is it? Long after he was 40 of that There was 40 to 50 years between the book of First John The point I made was and you can't refute it Is it was a self-serving thing The Jews wrote the Old Testament And it said that the Jews were God's chosen people Well, it doesn't take a more than a three year old A figure out the reason that they would write that Any more than self-serving If they died for the cause Neil Thanks for what cause 10 of the 12 original How about how the Jews that died in the Inquisition in the Crusades? How about that? What cause did they die for? Wow, because they can't looseSpeak, you didn't find it I can't buy more buat people Darren J. Joann likes to stay poor But then I'm wanted to be made an offer that can refuse Sir, Sir, when you're doing with all the religion is always Do you're dancing away from my point? Yes, I was, all the really religious books are written To be self-serving for the durp down Japonique, reading like Ben Those were a good people you know, where the television management, my mom and the old testament when he had to when God handed the five books to Moses, how did man get involved? Moses himself said, God, I can't do this. I don't want to do this and God said, let me do it. Sir, let me answer this question. Have you ever seen a picture of Moses? I've seen man's interpretation. Have you ever seen a picture of Moses? I've seen man's interpretation. Yeah. Well, why can't you just answer me a question? An answer. Have you ever seen a photo of a photo of a photo? There was no point in taking a Moses back then. But yes, I've seen pictures. Same as you have. I thought the guy yesterday was good. Here we got a guy today who has seen photographs. I asked him very specifically, have you seen photographs of Jesus? And he keeps saying, yes, I'm waiting from the say, no. Okay, give me an honest answer. Sir, it's a very, again, you want to make it very complicated. That's the only way people like you can think you would an argument by going into all this gobble to go, it's not necessary. Simple. Which ever group wrote a bunch of bullcraft, whether it was the Buddhist, whether it was the Jews, whether it was the Christians, whether it was though you was filling a blank. They wrote it for their own purpose, whoever believes what they believe they're the ones that are going to get salvation. They're going to go to heaven. They're the chosen people. Yadiya over and over and over again. Every religion. They got the true answers. And everybody else, go to hell. How do you like that? And he was going through that bullcraft too when he said, oh, yeah, I like that. They died for the cause. Well, you know, something there's a lot of people that the people of Jones town died for the cause. The don't rainy people, they died for the cause. You know what that proves to me? Proof to me. They were crazy is what it proves to me. Maybe they like yellow pudding. I don't know. Maybe they were thirsty down there in Jones town. Maybe they like purple cool. It's of course that purple, you know what that means now, don't you? Oh, that's right. Why is it that, you ask a simple question to these people? And they can, but I mean, but I won't go to about they have to do it. Like a verbal tap dance. Right through the telephone. But I'm delighted to maybe one day you'll send us copies of those photographs you have of Moses. Is that going to be holy Moses? Probably. There was no such person as Moses. The only Abraham that I know was Abraham Solomon, my grandfather who died long before I was born. I don't know any of these. These people most of them never existed. These are fables. These are fairy tales. Very simple point. I mean, he's all bent out of shape about it. It's simple. The Jews were gods, shows, and people because they wrote the crap. Pretty easy. Wow, is that complicated? No. Jesus. Oh, sorry. I was mad as hell. I just didn't think of it. Oh, if you loved George Martin's recent farewell CD in my life, featuring famous Beatles tunes recorded by such phone deaths celebrities as Jim Carrey, Robin Williams, Goldie Hawn and Sean Connery, you'll absolutely flip over his newest last adventure. In my life, Volume 2. The follow-up to the original CD. He had no business making in the first place. Here, Jack Nicholson. I am the A. We are the A. I am the wall, Rhett. I am the wall, Rhett. George Martin's Kim Lai-Wife. Volume 2. Also, Beatrice Jerry Rose. All risers. All risers. All risers. I'm thinking. Who do you think? This is what I'm saying. It's just me. Here, Sir George, Comk's the best on a Matthew Chandler Perry from France. The more lonely people. So, what are you waiting for? Pick up George Martin's in my life. Volume 2. Today, after all, it's easier than flying to New York to Sputon John Lemons Grave. This is Tom Brocott in New York. I read the news today. Oh boy. All suit tonight. 11. Oh, till at 5.50 PM, I've sent you a religion that I might start paying attention to as one where they say we're all going to hell, but the Catholics, they're going to heaven. Or if the Buddha is the Hindu, yeah. Then there's a religion that say, well, wait a minute. Maybe these people are actually a little bit more honest, you know. Instead of just another bunch of self-serving fools, they could have a bunch of crap for their own fun and profit. That's kind of before. I mean, if you wanted, you know, in James, me, I mean, wasted too much time in my life for those kind of discussions. Like I said before, all of these things. Very simple. Just scrape away all of BS, okay. If you want to believe, you know, like they are, reason I've played the Howard Bealthing in that where he says, I'm as mad as Moses. Crazy that a bedbug is what that means, okay? But this guy's got photos of Moses, so we better take a look first before making a rest of judgment. We have an open line in date, 560560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Does it just makes my blood boil when I hear these supposedly intelligent people talking such crap like a bunch of infants in a sandbox? Oh, Moses did this and Moses did every time. Man gets involved. He screws it all up. Yeah, that's the problem. You know, God couldn't get on his Gutenberg printing press up there and haven't just put all this stuff on for us and make it real simple or put it all, you know, every time we have the Virgin Mary instead, instead of on the big sign here at Times Square, where they can see it all over the world on the satellite TV, instead of that, she shows up on a side of a bank building in the Clearwater of a skywriting or on a pizza at a Rosalole Paz's house, which we missed three days ago, by the way. Yes, skywriting would be good. Well, you know, the people that see a God's face and of a day blinking all up on the clouds, they probably have already seen that good stuff. I mean, don't you remember Daniel and the guy lines then and there he, yeah, there was all that writing from God. We're talking crazy people, man. Oh, yeah, but that's only lately like Jim Jones and David Koreshi, I don't only lately we've had crazy profits right. Just remember he's as mad as Moses. Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, Neil. I'm kind of listening to your dialogue and very much agree with your contention as far as conventional relations are concerned. Conventional religions? Well, in the terms of whether be Catholic Jewish, Presbyterian, things that most common day folk would align themselves with. What is your take on religion? Not necessarily religion, but let's say spirituality. Is there something? Well, what not, that's one of my least favorite words spirituality because it's a, it's a, it's a goblty good court. It doesn't mean a damn thing. What does it mean? Okay. Well, somebody says like our friend Rob Kappel who used to work at Wandy by the way, I guess he wasn't spiritual enough for them. He's not there anymore. But when he was working with us here, we do the TV show and he used to say, I'm a very spiritual person. And I want to say, what does that mean? And he go, I don't know. Well, I think sounds good. Well, what it means is that you actually, you, you believe in a higher being, but you don't, you're not necessarily going to go again with a God bull crab. What about does that mean higher being? What does that mean? What does the higher being? It means being in energy for that nature. You believe in nature. That's what it is. Maybe. So why can't it? Now, nature is a dirty word. Everything else is a dirty word. We can't say, we can't say, how we can't say nature, that's a dirty word. No, no, no, no, you're mistaking your image. Why do you have to be spiritual to believe in nature? Nature is the ultimate force in the universe. Nature is what keeps everything grinded around. Not some unseen guy or woman or diesel like or whatever it is up there and wherever they're on a throne somewhere. That don't you, can't you look at this like some kind of a silly little fairy tale? What about kind of claws? What about a carman? There's no energy force that's carried when you die. So that's it. There's no energy that leads you. There's nothing, there's no karma that's it. I mean, that's the beginning, that's the end and there's nothing else. You want to answer that question, sir? Yeah. You're dead. That's the answer. When you die, you die. Good baby. So what do you mean, could be its science? When you step on a cockroach, you stand there and you stand back and wait to see the karma kind of like filter off into the easer somewhere. Is that what happens? If somebody goes out and shoots a rat cool in the neighborhood, if they shoot a cool in a hood, I mean, they they wait to stand back and see the karma zipping off into the outer reaches of the universe? No, but it's it's ludicrous on the face of it. You can't accept deaths, sir. We are born. Let me say it again. I know this is a very sad thing, but that's the way nature works. Nature doesn't play favorites. If you look at a flower, okay? If you plant a seed in the ground and you watch it grow and you watch it the bud and then it's, you know, the leaves come and it's beautiful for a short period of time depending on what kind of flower like a rose. And then it will and then it gets the darkened color and then the leaves fall off and it dies. Right. That's it. Every kind of life on the face of the earth is exactly like that. And that's just a microcosm of all life on the earth. So there's no connection between the death and the birth of anything else. Now we're not talking silly stuff like reincarnation, are we, sir? Well, I mean, I don't know. You think, let me ask you this. You think we have a shortage of people in the world now? I'm a five billion people. I can't go in the retube again. One point eight billion people in the world are got over five billion people. You think that we need to be transplanting souls. If there were such a thing from one person, how do you do that? Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, so I talk all the history about cloning people. I don't know what they're doing to make. We already have identical twins. You can clone all the people you want. It doesn't make any difference because they're not the same person. They're still individual people. They can all look alike, but they're still individual people. Right? Well, good day, but I don't know. But what do you want to mean? Why is it complicated? What is it that you're saying that you don't understand? It's not that it's complicated. It just certainly seems like there would be something either connecting us to the future or the past or like why? Why would that be? Have you ever, I don't know how long you've lived, but have you noticed anybody from the past coming back? Ah, you know, I certainly can't, I mean, if you drive by a senator, you hear any knocking sounds like people on the inside, knocking to try to get back out. Have a great day, Phil. Okay. Yeah. Knocked three times, yeah. Come on, maybe they'll let you out. See, and I do want to say this to you, okay? Because we have a lot of superstitious people out there. Don't be cremated because if they ever come up with a cure to bring you back to life, don't be cremated because then they can't bring the ashes back to life. But if your body is still there and pretty good shape and at, uh, uh, are they going to be digging up all the dead people and bringing us back to life? Huh? No. A couple of hours and years, we'll wake up at the T.G. That was a good sleep. Man, I needed that rest. So don't get yourself cremated because you throw those ashes over there in the biscuit and bay or something. Man, you got no chance. Just the thought, well, I got to give them something to hang on to. Don't you understand at least what? At least there's a possibility there that you might make a comeback someday. It certainly is more scientific and more rational than, uh, than all of this, uh, supernatural or hoax pocus he was talking about, the spirituality. That's another man made word that doesn't mean a goddamn thing. On the very spiritual person. Yeah, that means you're probably doing it with, uh, with your priest. We have an open line of Broward two and day, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. Oh, my God, that's so sh**. I don't even know we haven't had sex the long time, but are you sure it's not too thin after the operation? No, I'm ready and we're ready to go. Hi there. Hey, hey, what the hell are you doing in our bedroom? Wait a minute. What the hell? What the hell are you doing in our bedroom? Wait a minute. It's a Durusel guy from TV. Hey, I see you've got one of those newfangled D.N.I.L.M. plan. Yeah, what kind of batteries you got in there? In where? In the implant. It doesn't use batteries. You're dark or kidding. Hey, anything else in here? I don't know what the hell is going on. What the hell is going on? What the hell is going on? Look at this. What kind of batteries you got in this puppy? Durusel. That's what we used in all our marital A and why that? Because Durusel lasts longer. Can you see why that would be important? Well, it's for her. Mostly, she's for just... I am not. I've had more gathers than for all the others. Yeah, I have her. Why don't I just let myself out? Durusel. No other batteries last longer. I suppose you want to screw in too. Okay, it's 11.15 to five, 62. And the reason I've played that, that's he does always a reason. There's always some sinister reason there is because I'm thinking of this last guy that called about the energy. We know Linda energy, right? He's full of crap. I'm thinking I said to George you're in a break. If maybe they stuck an energy, energize your bunny and you're rectum. That you would get in an energize your bunny and your ass. And a time-ex-watch in your heart. Then you could keep going and going and going as in my dad. And then you could take a looking and still keep on ticking. There you go. Bring back that guy, damn John Cameron's way. He lets the guy go. I'll be ready for a comeback. They can't accept death when you die. You're dead. Oh no, how can you say that? We don't call any place else. There isn't something better than this. I don't know. What's so bad about this? I mean, you know, if your life is that bad, there's always next option out. What's else wrong with it? Here's Miami. Hello. You're such an asshole. Yeah. York. And. Look. Okay. Thank you. Need was Neil. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, there's the good argument you get from the audience. There's a kind of logical response you get. They can't deal with it. They can't. Of course he's listening. Thank you for listening to 5, 60, 2, A, I'm B, sir. Where you'll hear Hank and two and the books to with six. Had Kaplan the gambling show with ten. Somebody asked the, at last night is there. Have any said, don't bet on it. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Tamarack. Neil. Yes, sir. Frank. Frank from public. What is it? Frank. Oh, hi, Frank. How you doing? Speak up. Speaking of that thing with the holes in the fracking. Oh, there you go. All right. I'm out of school again. Yeah. I got to take that. Yeah. What did you write it? I told the teacher off again. When you say F off. No. I told me to pick up the class. Yeah. You know. And I call them. It's crazy. It's a good way to get some good time off. I guess I'm going to crawl any time and bed. Yeah. I got to go work on my dad. Yeah. I go help him. You just dialing. Oh, there you go. I'm making money. Exactly. What do you guys talking about religion? What do you mean by that? What do you guys talking about on the radio? What is that? You guys have an argument about religion? No. There's no such thing as religion. So there's nothing to argue about. It's all bullcraft. You think so? I know so. What about catlicks? Like I said, Frank. I hate to break the news to you. You don't believe there's no. There's no. Just stay away from that Pope, Frank. That day. Otherwise, stay away from those priests. Yep. I'm sure from the outside and the confesional. Just break your way out and run like hell. So what do you think about that tag game with the pant that it was a pondress? Pretty there. I was there. Yeah. Pretty weak. I know. My advice is always take a good book. I know, right? Don't do it again, Frank. I won't. I'll see you in public. Okay. That's Frank. You keep getting suspended from school. Why he's really discipping out. He wants you to the show. And I can't blame him. We have an open line in day one in Broward 560560 and pound five 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Waiting for some really intelligent people here today who can really tell it like it is. Okay. Because I'm wrong as usual. I'm full of crap. I don't know what I'm talking about. I'm just a bad guy trying to pee on everybody's parade. I'm just not a spiritual person. I'm just a quote-hard investor. That says that when somebody dies, he's not up there and haven't. Let's point up there. This is for you, baby. Up there. Up there. Somewhere. Up there. People acting like, you know, it's amazing with all the technology we got. We build all these horrible nuclear weapons and we build these amazing computers and all these discoveries that the bio chemists come up with. All these amazing things that we can do and yet emotionally, the human race is still like band kindergarten. They're still like a nursery school. They haven't even been packed off to kindergarten yet. They're still in nursery school on an emotional level. Oh, but the good books says. Here's a mobile and pepper prime. You know? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Hi. Hi, I do. I've been looking for a lot of years, man. I want to let you know. Don't get upset at the people. I mean, you know how to be real, sir. I know. You know that, yeah. What does it mean? As a people that started there, you know people cannot come back alive. Yeah. So you know how I go. You've been already a lot of years. You've been having all this for a lot of years. And you know, as you have all this back down here and stop, Florida. And they're not coming back either. Thank you. No. That's right. You're not coming back. You can't make them come back. Hey, man. I have a lot of friends with you. I just want to be a good host. You know. You know, I'm the host in the only way you do it. The way for the host don't you, sir. OK, I'm going to think about it. Open wide. We have an open line in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What do you laugh about it? What is that? What do you do with that way for this to go away for a near mouth? They're drinking that wine. Oh, my God. And let me say again, if you're free. That is the lips on that cup. Don't go anywhere near it. Don't go anywhere near it. If I were a little too, head is lips on it and the cup too. because you know all the stuff that's going around these days. Oh by the way, there's Joe Costello who was a start to hockey game last night. He got his post on a big screen up there. Wave in like a real handball. Just just caught a little glimpse of that. I said, oh, there's Joe Costello. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. You know, you're really ruffling the fanatics feathers today with that really genocchip. What do you mean by that? I'm talking common sense. That's you why. I laid it off there very simplistically. There's nothing complicated here. Very simple. You know what people invent things for their own purposes. And then they start screaming that everybody else is that I'm better than you are. And they're also a craft. It was an old conversion that used to say it's not nice to fool Mother Nature. Right. And that's what they're trying to do. That's right. It gives someone else credit, it's Mother Nature. They can't even accept Mother Nature. They don't respect it. It's a very good excuse for not respecting nature and just the destroying it and everything you do when you're awake. Because, well, you know, it's going to nature's not important. There's some higher power than all of that. You know, we'll crack. Tell them to dig up some of the grandparents that are supposedly in the ground or right. And you know something when they open up the box, I hate to break that. Those are those still be there. And they're still trying to kill them. How can you go? How can you go bowling in heaven when you're just a spirit? When you have no body, you know what I'm saying? Now we talk about you when it's thunder, you say the nuns are bowling up there. How can they be bowling in heaven when they have no body? You know, there's no winning when you are here, you're religion. Yeah. Anyone. Well, I always win because I get some of the subsistence of enjoyment from rattling these people's cages. And what? And what was the guy talking to help you about before me? I couldn't understand where he was saying. Yeah. Well, he'd be speaking with boners. He's got a very important. How do you rate their pound? God bless you. Okay, we have an open line in Broward 560, in John, we trust God bless you about me, but about Neil God, you know. I mean, if it makes you feel better to talk this way, it's a year ago ahead. You know, the words that I want to say on the ear that I can't say make a lot more sense than God. If I want to say it's a pile of, I mean, people don't know what that means. They say it all the time. Oh, no, the government will be all better to shape if you say that. What is that? Christ the Sultan. Another date? Yeah, I mean, that's all it could possibly be. Here's Miami, hello. Hi, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Uh, I agree with you on the subject of religion. I believe in Syria, but evolution and everything. But I'd like to change the subject for a second. I guess a question to ask you. Is it legal for the top to like break traffic laws like they do in the, and or cars, the, I'm not, unless another cop comes along and pulls them over, which happens about twice a year all over the country. I'm not saying it's too many, they make another cop to like, like another sir. Because this is as ridiculous as religion. You're living in a fantasy world now. They've got the authority, they've got the badge, they've got the uniform, they've got the gun, they've got the power, and they're going to do whatever they want to do. Their motto is, don't do as I do, do as I say. That's kind of a parent. Huh? I don't like a parent. Exactly. Like a teacher, like a parent. Don't do as I like a politician. Don't do as I do, do as I say. I say all the good things that sound great, and I do whatever I want. That's their motto. All right, I just want to, and my best advice is don't screw with them. All right, what do you have? Have a great thing. Again, you know, you can live in the real war, like you live in fantasy land where you have everything like, well, this is the way it ought to be. Well, guess what, that's not the way it is. I mean, sure. I don't disagree that the cops ought to obey the law, but pretty much they do whatever they want, and usually get away with it. We have an open line in date, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, why does line? I'm coming to work yesterday morning, down the ice dairy road here, and there's a little dark, complexed guy in a little bit of old brown corolla behind me. We get to, of course, there's no school yesterday. So I'm going like in the 30, I'm going about 38, 40, right to where that school is. And this guy's up on my ass like a little hint. He wants to go 90, and I was very rough. Finally, we get another couple of blocks up the street, and he's just, he can't take it anymore. Okay, I'm going the same speed as everybody else, but he's behind me. He pulls around me into the passing lane, you know, the center lane, which is for passing only, and passes, I mean, for the turn lane, for turning only, he passes me in and it goes by me 80 miles an hour. And I was very rough. There was a cops sitting on a corner with another one of his speed traps over there, paying no attention. Air every time I've ever seen this happen in my life, which I see it as zillion times. Guys like zoom in by and a wrong lane, 50 miles over to speed limit. Have I ever seen a couple of more? No. Not once. But if you're going like seven miles over to speed limit and a cop happen to look up at the right time, you're screwed. I was going by the way, you porters, when you're going to get somebody's banana boat, people in their little brown corollas off the goddamn road already, man. Lunatic. And it's interesting that there are certain types of people. I don't want to say anything about who they are, what they are on Ivory Road, but I'm coming to work here, we're morning and they just talk about making up the rules as they go along. There are no rules, they just do whatever they're all over the road, as fast as they want to be. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. Long time, Liz, or second time caller. Okay. I agree with you on this religion thing. It's all a pile of crap. Yeah. And I would just want to step off for that for a second and talk about hockey. I got turned on to hockey with you. And I was watching the San Jose Game last night. And at the end of the second period, I don't know who was the commentator last night, poppin. The name, the same ones at Arana Game Review Night series, Jeff Rimmer and Denise Pantman. Well, he said at the end of the second quarter, the second period that the score was one of zero of the Panthers we're leading. Yeah, and they're at behind. Well, what's the difference? Does it make another team made a mistake? And you call me to tell me that he made a mistake? Thank you. There is a great call to a radio show. All of the announcer made a mistake. Just like I had a fact here that Rimmer said it was the Flyers last night and said the sharks. Oh, you made a mistake. On, be illegal. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and Pond 5, 60 on the 18 T Wireless line. If I were you, sir, I'd be rubbing my Rose Rose Rebeats all day, just hoping, hoping, to get forgiveness for that call. But I don't think it'll happen. You know, I was once Shirley McLean in the prior life. Did you know that? Huh? Huh? I mean, the call really goes to me. Can you please? Oh, man, she wants you over take a bear. Why can't you tell me to play? Who went, what are you going? Wow! Ah, hey. So, keep the morning from down. Hey, check it out, I can flip off without intoxicated. Double socks, -d guardian train fooledillon. Ain't very useful and helps me use air in truth. Here's our The two children are funny. The three of us are getting in the front. But everyone's been just in the scare. Walk through hallway sideways. And these suburbs with your real heart. And I'll listen to these obfair. A change in the middle, leaving a wall. We're not too sure what's going on there. Stay away from me. All right. Josh, breathe out. To have your safety funny buddy, no stand. Angel, no fucking need. You don't come near me. Josh, breathe out. People they can scream this key. That'll make me know he's buttoned and nullified the bound. Take it. Got so fast. He's got six loader. Two wing-wrenches, fireball, all over the room. There's safe holes up and down it. Move it. Just two holes in all that crazy old food. Stay away from me. Josh, breathe out. Now he think I care as Chris Moore does like me. I think he does. Don't come near me. Josh, breathe out. Get away from me. He's going to hell. Stuff's calledbilani's cell of 34. Flightman 5. I forgot to mention in thereotrosts device. Your folks don't drive you free from your computer. It's 1135. We have a high report. We've done this several times for Rach splintel. It's a risk in these clients. was in there at the same time. Sucking heavy duty. I mean, sucking heavy, so heavy that Alighter finally got up with his daughter. Let's get there a lot of here. I can't take another second of it. Oh boy, that's black shot. We just as hard as one of your fastball. Like an Alighter fastball. And, you know, just sucking and sucking up and acting like a real jackass. And just not giving this man one moment's peace. Nice going there, Josh. And see, so we go back to the thing about fat people which I had no response of. Because there are a lot of you that are fat tubs out there. I'm fat, but I got news for. I'm skinny compared to many of you folks. You've big fat slabs. I mean, you know, Algo's thing to big fat slabs. He's a good guy and a good friend. I mean, I'm not saying fat people are bad people. There are good fat people like Algo's thing. Then there's Josh Friedman and Jeff high. You know, people are some of the more objectionable. Some of them are full of crap. Oh man, in fact, you can feel a whole building shake when they take one. We have an open line at Broward 560560 and Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello, me, how are you doing? Okay. This year here, that's basically a building change in last nine years. You accepted that award. No. Now, horrible speech. It's horrible speech. One that goes to the other giving out awards there. Yeah. Yeah, let me ask you a question. What's over these churches today? It's Catholic churches. You said there's no religion. But we're over here. I'm Catholic and I'm supporting. Why? I'm paying a mortgage here. Yeah. Pay a mortgage for your church here. Why are you doing that? Why are you supporting it? Is somebody holding your gun to your head? I don't know. Everybody's like, you're calling me up and asking me, how come I'm so stupid? Why am I doing this? So go to the doctor say, how, hey, doc, how do I feel? Why don't you tell me why you're doing it? Yeah, I'm not doing it. I have everybody else around me doing it. But I mean, I just feel obligated to say, hey, maybe I should. I'm obligated to do what you mean, just in case just to be on the safe side. You're covering your ass. Is that it? Are somebody these phonies out there? Just in case I better go on support. I'll guess what, pal. You lose. Okay. All the Browelines are open 560 and 050, 60 and 050 and 60 on the AT&T line. Chris, the read the nephew just stuck his head in the door and handed me this. And I have no idea why they're doing this again. I guess he gives the impression of looking like our promotions department is really doing something which we know they're not. The QAM van will be in the Toysaruss parking lot at north east 160, 770 and 670 north Miami Beach right across from Chris B. Crim, don't know. Boy, do I love Chris B. Crim? Can't eat him anymore, but I love that place. They'll have passes free passes to the Dan Reno celebrity golf tournament this week. Get it, Western Hills Country Club and Miami Hurcane's basketball tickets for Tuesday, February 60 against Pid and Saturday, February 27 against Rutgers and I turn the awardures on T-shirts. They have all of those things. And they'll be there. They'll be there in a parking lot. Right there, Toysaruss across from Chris B. Crim, don't know. Anybody want to be staying? Probably not. Anybody going to show up there? No, probably not. Just like the last time, I'm going to say, and if they call you by the way, keep bugging me there and doesn't even see what time they're going to be there. Does it see what time they're going to be there on here? No. No. Just more wasted time instead of like really doing some promotion here, billboards, some TV, promoters radio station, the various people on here here. Now we're not going to do that. We'll take the van out and give away some tickets to some stupid golf tournament that we want to go to. There's like I've told you before. People like go to golf tournaments. Wow. Here's a mobile. Wait a minute. Mobile in Miami, like I said, hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I've never this first time I've listened to you. I'm a from out of town and I'm just on the toll way. But I about your talk about religion. I assume you don't believe in God or anything. Of course. I don't believe in fairy tales, do you sir? Yeah, I do. But I just have a little bit of fairy tales. I don't believe in fairy tales, but I believe in God. How do you think everything got here? Just based on logic. I don't have any idea. Does it make a difference? Yeah, does to a certain degree. Why? I mean, do you think it's just been here forever? Yes. You believe in evolution? Let me say this. The religion is believed that God is infinite. Right? That he's been here forever. So if God could be infinite, why couldn't the universe be infinite? Why can't he have also been here forever? Yeah, so how long we ever know? No, I don't know. What's the point of wasting all the energy when it's so much? Can't we just say we don't know it. It's not really very relevant to our lives today. Why can we just say that? Well, you can't say that it doesn't matter to you. But I think most people really wonder, you know, how all this got here. Why? Why? Yeah. I mean, curious how we all came to be. But when you go into a office building, you wonder, gee, I wonder how many people that took the bill list and how it got here, what year it was built. You would you worry about how anything got there? When you drive into a tree, you wonder, how did that tree get there? Is that something you waste any time taking a bath? I mean, yeah, I've actually looked at trees and I said, you know, I mean, where did all this come from? It's a central question. People have always wanted to. The trees came from nature. The trees came from nature like everything in the universe nature. That's where it came from. All right. Where do you think the universe came from? I haven't got it. Let me see. This is again, the dog chasing its tail around. And I don't know. I have no idea. Let me see it again. If God could be infinite, why couldn't the universe be infinite? If you're willing to accept the concept of infinity, why can the universe already always have been here? It could. So it could. No, of course not. If it was always here, how did somebody create it? Where did God come from? It had to start from somewhere. Where did God come from? Who had it? There's never. Huh? There's never. Well, so that just got through saying you're again, the architecture, your argument is so juvenile. And so weak. Oh, yeah. It's just something argument. If infinity is possible in terms of God, then it's possible in terms of the universe. The universe has always been here. It always will be here. It's a concept. It's a concept. It's probably, it doesn't, it probably make more sense that if there is a God, he spoke it into it. If there's a God that all these wars are going on, and there's all this cancer, and vermin, and all these rotesc things that God invented since he invented allegedly all these forms of life, yeah. Well, why? Why did God invent cancer? It didn't invent. We're inventing. Where did it come from? So who invented it? It happened. The devil? Now it's a part of life. It didn't come from the devil. I mean, cancer is a part of life. It happened like everything else. It just happened. Thank you. Excellent argument. Just happened. Like I said, huh? Is that what I said to the beginning of the show? Crap. Happens. That's all. It happened. Just like everything else. We're here. You know, there were all kinds of meat, but there were all kinds of primitive forms of life that were the dinosaurs. There are all of these things. And here we are today. And this guy's worried about, well, how did we get here? I don't give a flying crap. I'll be here. I'm here. I'm going to do the best I can. Okay. So I don't know anybody that does know. I don't anybody that was around billions of years ago. So when I mean time, I've been waste my energies and believe in a bunch of stupid crap that were written by men, self-serving stuff or their own people or people that were dumb enough to believe it, I'm just going to let go of and live. Okay. Oh, no, you can't do that. Oh, my God. The whole. Every take off you're underwear. Only to find a great big old brown stain. Man, it happens to all of us. It could be the fact that you didn't wipe your ass good enough. Or it could be hemorrhoids. Yep. Well, introducing magic fingers. The all new analitement that cure hemorrhoidal edge. Magic finger. Just a little dab there to end where rub it between your cheeks. Oh, yeah. Work it down. Yeah, that's a little better. Magic finger. The new analitement that cure hemorrhoidal edge. Because it's about time you've got off your ass and did something about those hemorrhoids. Hey, people see you big and in the hall there, man, then you get your fingers all stink and it's a bad deal. Magic fingers. It does the scratch and so you don't have to. Magic fingers. Because it's a bitch. Oh, you got a edge. It's 145 and 560WQM to hang over. Show it to you. And we got the booster six o'clock tonight at Campland with odd games with players that have been born yet 10 o'clock tonight. Some of them reincarnated. Here's a candle. Hello. Candle. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, yeah. A little bit of the background of the George. It's a price of admission. Yes, sir. I think there was an earlier caller who wanted to know what it was all about. Alfie? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'm curious too, but curious about what? Why there's something winded the universe happen. Why are you curious about that? What? Since it's something you cannot possibly ever know the answer to, why would you waste a milliseconds of your energy and time even considering that? What if it doesn't make? It just makes it different than the sense of curiosity seems to drive technology. It does. Well, human curiosity does. Drive's technology. So in other words, we've been able to get to this point where we can do all these computer things. It's not just all about other amazing technology and send people an outer space and bring them back. And without knowing the answers to these questions. The God, yes. No, not the God to how we got here, forget about God. Oh, no, no, no. You're whole hell, no. So where does God come into that? No, I'm a born again, Ethan. Yeah. No, actually. What I really really called to say was, in the second page of the hero, there were some people put another church fire. Three firemen died. I don't know, in some kind of condition, who put no fire in supposedly a place of worship. I mean, I don't get it. Well, God was busy worrying about that soccer game in Halendale. I guess. That's right. The authorities in order, pal. You better get with it. I mean, I don't know. I mean, I like to study things, but study, I know it. How can you study? You can study evolution. Yeah. History as much as we know of it, but once you reach the limits of human knowledge after that, what difference is it make? It's awesome. Well, have a great day. We have an open line in date, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. By the way, HGA, well, it was a real racist. Did you know that? I, huh? No, I did. As a kid, I read HG Wells Outline, a history. And I thought I was reading some unbiased stuff. And then I saw a documentary I think was on the E&E, the other day. HG Wells was a real racist. And he talked a lot about it, and his writings about the inferior races and the Jews and how these people will be certainly not be treated this way. And that way, and Yadi Adi, and yeah, I just mentioned in passing. Of course, these people don't know HG Wells from Orson Wells from Chris Wells. Here's a Carl Spring, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hi, now. Hi, now. I'm here. Oh, hi. It was a great thing on the last slide about, and for the religion in Pakistan, yeah. Because of the, what the Quran and some other thing, that they're killing the women, if they look at another man. Right. There was one family that, just they were cousins, and they were friends. And the girl then was promised to another family. She looked at her cousin during a period of time. And she's a physician. Mm-hmm. They, uh, the families, act them to death. She should have kept it a veil secret. That's, yeah, they live at the veil. They get killed. Right. All in the sake of religion. Right. They're not. I just see unfortunately the women didn't invent most of these religions. And that's why they were taking a rear seat, so to speak. And when they, when they spoke to the men, the men were proud, but, but this, but a shamed, they were proud of what they did for their God, a shamed of their family, a shamed for their sister. Right. And that's why they had a kill. Yeah. And I, I, I, I must have been a repeat. I saw that story. I didn't see it. You know, they're either taking a way opposite when I was trying to see them. But I, I, I was just truly amazed. I mean, I don't believe in any of this. I mean, I believe like you, you know, do no harm. I've been fine. And all this, I mean, because I see all that badge that's going on. I mean, there is no God. I mean, I feel so bad for people who have been so brainwashed. I mean, they give up the two theory. They can give up Santa Claus. But this, this, this garbage, this nonsense. Oh, they, they just no matter how much, how long they've lived, how much they absorb. They just can't get rid of this. And I think that people who indoctrinated their children with this garbage, you know, I think it's criminal. I'll have a friend of mine once moved back to deep into the Bible, Belk because he feels that he wants his, his kids to be brought up with that kind of spirituality. He's not going to speak to me about it. And I'm like, there is no God. Can I help? That kind of stupidity. If you ever binge who the Bible bell like in Tennessee? Oh, yes. I mean, ignorance is like a virtue there. But there's no way to tell this to return back. He's going to come back. I'll give him some time. Have a great day. Fine. Okay. Say how it was found on. Well, hey, listen, if people are slup in a grace land to see Elvis, they're slup in the grace land to see the king. I mean, we're talking, we're talking. There's only one thing besides sex and money. There's only one thing important in this country. And that should be education. That's all I count. Use that brain. I'm not saying everybody can be as brilliant as that nine year old Brad on 60 minutes. Yeah, the night. Not everybody can be some kind of a child prodigy, some kind of a sport, a little uppity brat like him and be brilliant. But we also don't have to be dust and hop in a rainman. Okay. It doesn't need to be done. It doesn't happen to know that came our sucks. Huh? Yeah, no seriously. We don't have to be a rocket scientist or a complete more. I don't know that. Do we? There's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Any other deal? Okay, sir. All right. Listen, I listen to you every day. I don't normally call these talk shows. But I got a call. These talk shows. Well, you're your talk show. I don't call. Yeah, but we got to step that idiot to call about three calls ago. That had all the answers that doesn't know where any of them came from. Well, can't well, can't you just tap and clap happens in that case. But all the other stuff got invented. Well, if it's a good thing, got invented. If it's something, grow test gun unacceptable. Well, it just happened or somehow man screwed up and that's why it happened. Well, you know, I mean, here's the thing. I always, I mean, it's not always good often. I think about where things came from this day. And you know why? I don't, well, yeah, I don't think about it. It just says, hey, you know, kind of what's happened. I can honestly tell you, sir, I never have wasted one. I don't know. I have wasted one moment of my life. I'm actually myself. That question. Well, where does the universe come from? Where did I come from? Where did my dog? I, you know, what? What's the, how is it relevant to anybody's life? It's not relevant, but the thing, what I'm, what I'm getting at is that I, it's to wonder about that is one thing to sit there and think you believe. I, you know, where any of this came from. You got to have your head again. I mean, how could anybody? There's one people thing happening. There's one thing that man refuses to say. I don't know. Yeah, that's the one thing they can't say is that we don't know. And we never will know. So let's move on to something productive and, you know, do something good. Yeah, yeah, George did a show. I guess what about three, four weeks ago maybe a month ago. And he said something, perfect. He said, you know, anybody that tells you that they know the answers. They're lying to you. Because how do they know? How do they know? Whether it's a priest or a rabbi, whatever. And the more animals they are in, and telling you that they know the answers, the more they've been brainwashed and the more impossible it is to discuss anything with them intelligently. One of the oldest religions and one of the biggest, made fun of religion. Is the, the Hindus, right? This is to say that they're not like worship and count. I mean, you know, it's just as crazy as worship in anything else. Right? So, we're all crazy. They're all crazy. They have a nice old craft. They're not all as malignant, but they're all full of craft. And have a great day. God bless you, my child. I mean, there are religions that are benign and there are ones that are malignant, but, you know, what the, who need that? Who needs all this baggage? All this baloney and that guy before that said the best call I think was the guy with a spirituality. That was my favorite. Oh, but you go to have to be a spirit. Well, what does that mean? It's another word. It's another word that doesn't mean a God damn thing. If I can say that, can I say that? No. Like I said, it doesn't mean a God damn thing. That guy was amazing. And then you notice by the end of the call he had already, I didn't talk about it. He talked himself out of it because he realized then the face of it, how ridiculous it was. Two open lines in Broward, 560, 505, 60, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Of course, these people have to talk about for the sake of religion that's, you know, like, they're going to stop you from killing the baby and we're going to kill you or do this. Stop you from killing because killing is wrong. Killing a baby? No, they don't care about a living baby. You can go all living babies. You want the fetus is what they're excited about. Exactly. And then that deal is life. Not life. That's already living. What? Like I've said for 25 years now, once you're out of the womb, they don't give a crap about you. But if you're in that womb, an era of psychotic. They're in a very good brainwaves. Exactly. Also, by the way, when you were about an hour ago, when you were looking and dying for phone calls, I was calling in and you kept saying, open lines and Broward and I kept calling in getting busy. Well, maybe we have a problem. How long is this? The moment this is the moment we've been here. This has always been a piece of grabs since we got here. Oh, I know. I just want to get it. Starting to wonder if maybe this 567 we got is like part of a choking change or something. Because there's something wrong with this phone thing, man. It's screwed. Just one, though. It's part of the measly read way. You know, here, go do what's a show and make us a lot of money. But don't expect us to provide you with anything that works too good. And I know what happened because I'm on my mobile, which is a 9, 4, 9, 5, 4, and number. If I call the 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, which is Broward, and I'm getting busy. But then if I value 1, 3, 0, 5, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 10, I get through. So I think it's your Broward line still messed up. Great. Thanks for the good news. Okay. And God bless you. How do you like that? Phone system might be a little bit screwed up, huh? Will that be a surprise to any of us here? No. Because they can't be bothered with these things. They're a busy, a Gregory walking around. They're looking at beautiful studios that built for you. And I got all the ball games. Oh, it's, uh, it's scary. It really is. We have two open lines in date, or wherever those lines are. I don't know where these damn lines come from. Anywhere in South Florida, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, and a mobile one. See, it's like the universe. I don't know where that came from. I don't know where the goddamn lines come from. Same thing. And in fact, I think you got a better chance of getting the answers to the origins of the universe than the origins of Bell South. Where do you find? Hey, Goldberg. Right where you got your sports radio, 5, 60, Q, A, F. The deal Roger show on 5, 60. W, Q, A, M, M, e, Fort, Latterdale. Okay, 12, noon, and 5, 60. I'm going to go with this fence with what I would usually do at this point just to inject a pointer to here. To prove to you that this is a kindergarten and not a radio station. So earlier we were talking about it. And again, it was information that was passed along to me. My people who were there in the booth last night. In the booth last night, like sand, the promotions guy, puts the, the, uh, Hundering. And when I was talking about Josh Friedman, what he did to Alighter and Chase Timberd is daughter out of our Scott box at the Mcerwin last night, comes over the intercom for everyone to hear. Greg, read, this is from Santa, promotion guy. Greg, read, turn on the O' Rogers right now. Like a kindergarten. juvenile pathetic. But does not, doff know I'm saying this? We have an open line today. And I'm sure, sir, I have never in my life. I've worked with good people, bad people, smart people, dumb people, beefiest people, great caring people. I work with all kinds of people. What, what is it now? They did it again. Who did it again? Who did it again? Sam, did it again? I guess sounded like him. What did I get it out of really, what a hot, swatter shmuck. What a little piece of suckling, turd you are man. Well, maybe he hates Josh also. I didn't, didn't make any difference. It's just a whole idea that this man's idea of what he does in his work day is get on the intercom, and the tip off his buddy upstairs. Hey, a better turn it on. They're talking about what a fill in the blood doesn't make it. That's not the point. This is on a level that is so pre-fue, best, so infantile. It fits right into what that sports format. Perfectly. That's why we've got all these people upstairs. And in my lifetime, I've never worked in a place where there were a whole bunch of people that I refuse to speak to and don't speak to. We don't acknowledge each other as a distance. Because it's thing-dong school. You understand? We have an open line in date, five, six, seven, five, six. And the tragic part of it is there's so much money flowing through this place. We're not really sure where it's all going. We have our doubts. And all these trade outs. We don't know where all that stuff is going either. We have serious doubts about that. But boy, I'm sorry. You talk about a major investigation, be it? If we get about penis-gate, that's over. Now let's get Ken Star in here. I've got you to find some good pictures upstairs. Here's Pembroke Pine. Hello. Hi, Neil. I just want to say the one thing that created everything is Neil God. Right. And Neil, you've got the only God that we know of, sir. That's it. You know, it's terrible. All these people that worry about how we got here and who made it was. Isn't that pathetic? They must have the most of the shallow lives. I mean, they should worry about just doing the best for their lives. That's a beautiful world. That's you, Ken. Do no harm and do the best you can. That's it. That's all you need. And nature is this passionate and relentless in that there's nothing you can do about it. So just do the best you can. You know, I want to ask you a question. Did someone bring you stats at a game at the game last night? Bring me one stats statistics. Yes. Okay. Watch out for that guy. Well, well, you know, I don't understand that. It became down nice to meet you. Here's some stats. He had a full of upsheet of paper. And I thought it was maybe stats in the least years ago. Okay. Because why would I need stats at a game that I'm going to? Why do I care about the Panther sharks at the game? I know. What a moron. It must be somebody you hate like poison. Nice. My brother. Okay. You're right. Have a great day. Okay. I like I said they hate each other like poison. We have an open line and date one at Broward 560-560-560 on a mobile one line. I thought maybe Rimmer was sent to me down something useful up there. What is he doing at? No. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah. Hi. How are you doing? Okay. Sure. I want to make two points and I hope you'll allow me to raise your head. What a head. Number one. Okay. And that one you say that religion is all a bunch of words that the... I said it's all a bunch of crap is what I said. Okay. Well, I love crap. Right. Okay. Two things over here. Number one. What would you say mother nature? What do you think that's cloaking? What are we describing when we say mother nature? I never... I never used the term mother nature. I've never said I never say that. I thought I heard about 520. Somebody was talking about an old commercial about not nice to me. That butter commercial and marginal thing. Not nice to me as with mother nature. It's a commercial. But when we talk about nature, what are you looking at with that mother point? What is that? What is that word? Is there no such thing as nature? There are certain leaders. Oh, okay. What do we mean by that? What is that force that controls so intelligently? Everything that we call man. Well, intelligently. You mean like it random and not intelligently? How does it... How does it die intelligent? Well, it's not random at all. Here's the point. Oh, it's not? Let know. Here it is. When you look at the view... And a lot of the people that die in the church fire, there's a guy called about before that was like somebody's plan that happened by it was but shared to happen. But shared is the one that went against fire and that's good wife. That's for shared. Yeah. But the other thing is like that. I don't know what to do here, I think. When you look at it, you can go. Oh, okay. You don't wear the pace, do you? You're not laying to fill in the morning. You're wrapping those things around your arms, are you? No, you fidgeted like that. But about... We're just asking you a question. Are you wrapping your arms in those straps? Yes. Oh. Okay. Oh. Let's see what's in the point of the way. A free time. A four. A four. A four. A four. Can I just give it to me before you go on with your next book? Can I ask you one other question? Sure. Oh, I. There is a reason why. The reason is when you look at just the human body... You're not even talking about laying the tip fill in. Why do you wrap those straps on your arms? Why do you do that? Okay. First let me make the point that I'll answer that if I care. Okay. When you look at the human body, there's over a hundred trillion cells. Sure. I'll tell you something. When I look at my bottom naked in the mirror, I know there is no God. Okay. But Neil and you know let me make the point that I can promise you. When we've had that video of Al Ghulstein and Ron Jeremy naked, I guarantee if you saw that, you would say, I'll forget these bubble micees. There is no God. But you're not letting me make the point. You're not being fit here, so I'm going to listen. And then I let me make the point. Go ahead. Okay. When you look at it just... When you look at just a regular novel that has maybe a hundred thousand letters, what intelligent person would say that those paragraphs and those chapters and the punctuation and everything there just happened randomly. That's just one novel. Who would say that they happened randomly? Somebody wrote it and somebody printed it and didn't have it randomly? Absolutely. And that's only regarding... Okay. And so that you would say only regarding the books they've got in something made. Yes. Well, I tried to make the point of it. Is nature man made? I think you've got the cart before the horse. No, I'm trying to give an example that hopefully you can relate to anyone. And that is just like when you look at a house or a novel, you would never think that it happened evolutionarily and by itself. No, because it's a man made thing. There's a difference between nature and something that's made, even a boson, those that... Even a child, those that. But here you're using the word again. And Andrew and Veta Rock. I mean, you may build a house, but you didn't invent a rock. But that's exactly my point. Just like when you look at a car or when you look at a house. You're making a good sense of something over and over again. We already know that some things are made like religion. Yeah, I talked about the world and the universe right now. That it had to have been created by a god. I want to start first at the source of things. What am I saying? Why is that? Because there is no other way to logically... And in television, nothing logical or intelligent about the notion of god. That that's strictly on blind faith on stupid, you know, 80, 80 out of faith. That somebody made a story, a bubble my see. Of course it is. There is no other explanation that can explain such an intricate universe. Except for something that's important to you. And you just discard nature like it's a... Doesn't exist like it's something not to be paid any attention to. I mean, nature is a word which represents some force that you don't want to use to turn for God. What is nature? What's wrong with nature? What do you have to bring in God and Abraham and Moses and all these fairy tales? What's wrong with the word name? I mean, I don't know the other time. It's not a bit of a word. It's a word that is... I want you to tell me why you wrap those straps around your arms and you go to that barbaric ritual. What is that all about? Please tell us. Okay, the answer. Why do you do that? Because once you come to the conclusion that nature is just another word for God and intelligent force that could control this world. And then you'll read the Hebrew manuscript that we call the Torah, which has been transmitted from generation to generation. Why? Not in the form of a telephone game. It's probably the one of the strongest most of the most... Let me ask you this. Who wrote the Old Testament? Well, the Old Testament itself. Who said that the Jews were God's chosen people? Didn't the Jews write that? Now, according to the Torah, who wrote it? The Torah is derived from the Torah. Who put it down and writing? The person who put it down and writing according to the Torah itself was Moses. And was he Jewish? And was there's a well, hopefully was Jewish. Yeah, so that's me made my point. You don't want to do it directly because that's okay. But you're still not answering my question. I got to move on here. What's the reason for the fulfillment? And then you... My tip was that I guess once you conclude that it has to be a God. Why are you answering my question? That's why do you do that? I do it because in the Torah, which was transmitted from generation to generation to generation. Oh, oh, oh. From Jewish people who stood around the mountain of Sineye, He heard these commandment. Yes. So that is why I put on the Torah because it is told to me that God, when I put on these Fulin, will make nature work in my favor that I'd be healthy. I don't get any nature working. Why do we need nature? Why can't God just stick his magic finger down and say, okay, boom, boom, you're all set. Because God is nature, that exactly my point. Oh, thank you. Wow. I knew if I gave him enough time. He'd come around. Wow. Oh, we have an open line in Broward. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. 1209 here on all Jew radio. Why don't you go back to Canada and you go back to the tradition of the disaster musicals Come into Lloydwebbers, Jews in the attic. The end Frank Dyerie. You'll leave the theater humming those catchy tune. Like no more being. I'm writing all this down. Don't flush till enough he's going home. I've turned in my parents for a stick of the odorant. It's Jews in the attic. The end Frank Dyerie. CD available now. 14 at 560, come in. When you're straight away, Lachas said you take away all the goblty. Go get the double talk and you get down to the very basics and everyone of the conversation just like with this Orthodox maniac here before. Oh yeah, well Moses was Jewish. He's the monorory. He put it down. Self-serving men, Jewish men wrote the Old Testament. So they made it self-serving for Jewish men based on their attitudes and whatever it was Convenient for them at the time. And since the former capital punishment was stoning people to death then because they didn't have no electric chair. That's what they talked about. Like this obedient children, she'll surely be stoned to death. Good stuff like that. And then when the you know, when the a dissenters came along and said, you know, we want to start our own calls because this ain't good enough for us. Then they said, well, we got the real answers. And if you don't believe in our answers, you're going to burn in hell. Baby, the devil's going to get you. And this guy's talking about logic. Logic tells me there's some kind of a God that would create a slaughterhouse like this. Oh, but that's man. He gave man free will. Well, maybe he shouldn't have given man free will. Maybe he should have weighed this magic one. And today, I don't like the way things are going. Instead of drowning everybody, I'm going to change it. I'm taking away free will. I'm going to make paradise. That's just a one tang and from your rear view mirror. I'm going to make paradise even for the Puerto Ricans. That's right. Isn't that the Puerto Ricans that have the dice in the eye? I hope so. I always get those, uh, speaks mixed up. I think it's the Brazilians. Here's the sweet water. Hello. Sweet water. Hi. Yes, sir. Yes. I believe the risk of God. Yeah. Why? Because I think people make them a stake and they link God to religion. If you want it, what if religion doesn't have anything to do with it? We've got. Yeah. And maybe God created everything we have now. But they have a lot of money. What is God? What does that mean? God is a force. A force. Yes. Why can't you say nature? You can't, if you want to put it that way, God is just a word. That's the way I see it. What does the word mean? Why do you feel necessary because you've been conditioned? I'm not going to be. Of course you've been conditioned. I'm not going to be. You've been conditioned to the God will crap. You've been conditioned to believe that it's so huge. You have acceptable to use the word nature. If you say that nature is where everything came from, then anybody with a half a brain can understand that. But when you start injecting the God word, you start talking supernatural. Hocus, polka's the tooth fairy, a goblins out of the bed. You know, I don't know what that means. What, what if, what if we didn't have others to do with God? Why, why can I just believe you? I can believe in whatever you want, but I'm asking you, what does it mean? And you're not answering me. You're telling me something that's anonymous with nature. Why can't you believe in nature? Why isn't that good enough? Yes. I believe in nature. I believe everything out, everything that happens happens because of a reason. No. Nothing happens for a reason at all. No, I got it. Not because, okay, not because. So nobody gets cancer of the kneecap. It was for a reason. Okay, thank you. Well, he's thinking about it. We have an open line in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Would you like that? Everything happens for a reason. I give me a grow test example. And like, okay. Here's a mobile in four-loaderdale. Hello. Mobile in four-loaderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. I think how are you doing? Okay. Meal, if I wish I could write all this stuff down. I'd like to talk to you about, but I believe it's nature. Also, it isn't God. And what? There is no God in this nature. There's only God. Okay. Well, that's the point. That's a given. Yeah. The thing that I did want to say was that all of these other religions, they took all of that money that they raised, they could probably come up with the cures that kill us off. Yeah. And instead of praying to God to help the homeless, one of these people go see the homeless. I know there are a lot of people that are doing some good stuff. But instead of going and putting your hands together and praying for something to happen, why not make it happen? That's right. And we should all speak that. Exactly. Okay. And have a great day, God. Damn it. We have an open line in Broward 560, 750, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. See, if you're one of those people out there that's very, and most people are cowards. Most people are not don't want to stand out from the crowd. They don't want to think for themselves. They don't want to be like a shun by the, they don't want to be looked down upon by everybody else. So much smarter than they are. So if you want to be one of the masses, you know, whoever came up with that closet that they're phrase, rather about the masses or asses, absolutely corrects you. The masses are asses. They're sheep. And they overwhelming majority of people. Like all the people that run a Christmas time and start beating each other up because they want the cabbage patch doll. Or they want the whatever the ones for this year. All the other stupid little ugly dolls. Because they're being like all the people that went for a Windows 95. And it were lined up at midnight. They were lined up eight million deep for Windows freaking 95 because they'll gate to need another five billion dollars. Terrifying. Terrifying. And when they show those holocaust films, all that grow test footage, which they keep showing over and over again. And all those people are there. Those stiff arm Germans, who they're, you know, but their arms out there saluting the mail with a mustache. They loved it. That's what they were looking for. But I sure loved Berlin. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. I don't. Great. The people that either people worship in God because they're afraid not to worship in God. Yeah. It's fear called CYA company ranch. Just in care that I better release pretend that I do. Exactly. But also they cannot accept the concept that when they die, they go nowhere. Oh, come on. They got to go somewhere like in the ground. Exactly. And don't shut that lid too tight. By the way, just in case I decide to make it come back. All right, Sam. Have you ever thought about that, sir? Are you going to be cremated when you die? It doesn't matter me that the warmth you can get. Okay. All right. God bless you. Well, that's what they say. Let the worms have a good meal. Or even a bad meal. Probably get bad. Indigestion. Or maybe it'd be like a bad bullet grits and give them something that the worms would grits. We have an open line at Broward 567. By the way, how do worms eliminate? Constantly. What does that mean? They eat constantly, eliminate constantly. But you just don't see it. Or is it just like that? Oh, no, you see it. I thought that was just dirt on the outside. Oh, geez. I'm not going fishing no more. Yeah, I think back to those days. This is a kid. We used to go fishing there and can't a day. We'll take it. Put those worms on a hook. I just thought that was dirt. Oh, my God. You made to say that in my hands was all that worm. Wow. Heavy. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Mobile implantation. Oh, doctor. Yes. Oh, I got the problem here. Yeah, look at it. You kind of stole my thunder when you were just talking about thunder. The thunder is an unspoken. There's that people who are lemming that they're sheep. They're like, you always said, I don't know if you got the chance to see that that car went dead on HBO. No, I've had a lot of calls about having to be in. You know, I mean, he just makes a great point. You know, he just said that, you know, he religion has got people convinced that there's an invisible man upstairs. And the man upstairs there. He's acting as thanks to the good man upstairs. You know, he went his ballgame. He made the run fast and jump off. Good man upstairs. He wants you to live by and you can only live by these ten commandments. Right. And if you don't, then you're going to go down. And you're going to be, you know, for the rest of your life, you're going to be burned. And you're going to cry and suffer and continue to be in death and everything. That lake of fire man. Woo! I'm worried. I'm dreading that lake of fire. That loving God that in case you didn't buy action and fly out about all the good news. That loving God is going to make you burn on it like a fire anyway. Even if you never heard a good news. And if it's free will. And that he's got the defined plan that, you know, he's put in the place and everybody's supposed to follow. But when you go and you pray and you, you know, you go against this grand plan, then what she's supposed to do change the plan for everything that you want to pray for? Damn it. Exactly. You know, I mean, it's really disgusting. You know, if these people are, you know, just, they've convinced themselves. And they get very exercise. I mean, their parents have done such a great job of brainwashing from one generation to another. That it's locked in. I mean, you can't penetrate that gray matter with a chisel. You just can't get you with a power drill you can't get in there. Absolutely right. You know, it's just, it goes to, it's just like you, like you just said that, you know, if the society is betting one way, then the smart that is, you know, the exact opposite. Let me say it again, Santa Claus is God for God is Santa Claus for adults. Absolutely. And have a great day. And God bless you. Yeah. Okay, the Lord be with you. May the good Lord. Bless him. Keep you. Well, I'm sure you got cancer with the right toe. Oh, I'm sorry. The right foot. Oh, you know, must be something you waste. We have an open line in Broward. Five, six, seven, and of course that's all man made. You don't understand that. Don't you understand it? Oh, man. Like all the locals see even in the Bible, the old Jew got up there. He doesn't blame man for it. He's the one that sent the locust down. He's the one that created the flood. He's the one that did all of these grow test out. Unacceptable things because you got pissed off. So we did. Arnabee state. That's right. So those people like to use the excuse. Oh, well, you know, every time man gets involved, he is the one that creates all these problems. No, it was God that did. Arnabee state. Right. That's all. In fact, one of the least red things in the old testament is when God said, Hey, stop, get me fired up when I hear someone say that. Right. That's right. He is pissed, baby. Oh, by the way, I'm pissed because I haven't even got into this yet. I'll save it for tomorrow. Play a lot of Enrique tomorrow. I don't really piss you off because I love Enrique. It's just he's a great spiderwood George thinks. There's a very constant, you know, I don't want to get to be with music. Just like yesterday, you're never willing to admit that you're wrong. It's got nothing to do with it. You like the back street boys. All I said to you yesterday was that in last week's billboard, all I have to give, which is from the European album, the new single from the back street voice. First week on a hundred is number five. And this is over a year after you told me last year that a year from now, nobody will ever hear from them. Forget about what he liked the music, whether it's orchestrated, a factory, whatever you call it. That's not what I'm talking about. The fact is, they're still here. They'll go and straw. The article gave them a four year lifespan for all those confirmed banned. All the article gave them I see. But you told me a year ago, forget something. Again, you're doing the same thing as these religious, that's diversionary tactic. It doesn't work with an old heart as like me, but I don't give them a force. What? I don't give them a force. Then one year when you were wrong about that. Enrique, at least he's voice can't match terms as this, this, this, this, is the same thing. The way they're behaving, review of Enrique's Valentine's Day concert, Leela Cobble, Hanlon, whatever kind of a name that is, don't you hate these hyphenated God? That's almost as bad as those made up names like Neil Rogers. But anyway, I'll get to this in a minute, to maybe we'll even hear like a little. Oh, yeah, and that's financial noise. Wow, that'll give him psychotic. Maybe not. We'll see. That's a good threat to keep the phone with us. Hey, I love Enrique. Okay, I don't care what you say. I think his music is fine. I think he's beautiful. He's a great guy. He invited me, which I had other commitments. He had Shirley Brooks call me personal at home to invite me to his concert. Can't think for sh**. Well, if you, if you can say that about Enrique, I can say this. So, look at the glory hole. Anyone that's over in chair looks the same to me. Okay. Outside of something hanging down there, there's our backers all like him seeing. If you're just a little bit too psycholy, I'll use him K-Wide Jelly inside, I'll see. What does matter who you do if they can't see you? Oh, when they're taking it up the tube. Anyone bent over a chair to see a girl or a guy. As long as there's not too much hair, then it should feel fine. I want to give you a kiss. Every time I see a brown eyes smiling, I'll try to close my eyes and then inside. It's just always a nice break to get in. From getting on is wedsy of their ones far. bent over the chair. I don't care if it's raise your legs up. Okay. bent over the chair. I don't care if it's raise your legs up. Follow through. Good. Well, pretty one at five, 60 W2M, you're six station for the 90s and we're very proud of it. By the way, we have a fax here, a great fax. We have several fax system. By the way, a poorer Chris, we don't want to blame Chris. Actually, Chris is a good guy. Chris read the nephew. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. We don't blame him for having to work with Sam. In fact, we sympathize that he has to work with Sam because he's an asshole. promotion man, useless and childish. I think childish, childish, useless and infantile. Those are three excellent adjectives. But anyway, turn on the knee or ride your show, Greg. You'll say in all those things. Well, you know why I say all those things? It works for the lotion in the basket. But anybody that Chris is sitting out there all by himself in the QA in vain. And he wants us some companies. Got a bunch of stuff to give away to you. The QA in vain right now is I speak is that the toys are us parking lot. Northeast 167th Avenue in the sixth Avenue in North Miami Beach. Write across some crispy cream donuts. Come on. There's a few white people left in that part of town. Or does not. And we have three passes to the Dan Reno celebrity golf tournament this weekend. Hey, I'm coming to work this morning. And there's a dark and plated list of your mind and the car coming out on an objury road. Great guy. Rose down to window. God bless you, sir. I just want to work now. You might love my dark and plated listeners because you wanted to know why because they got a sense of humor. Which you know they don't care a sports. Oh, and by the way, where's that thing in the paper this morning about the cool thing? Oh my god, I'll get back to you, Chris. I have no with on panic. Where is that idiotic ardent over something about it? Oh yeah, Fred Grimm writes us all a vast cool and spiracy. And I looked at that. I thought what tell us about raccoons. But I mean, I guess he doesn't listen to the show too much Fred Grimm at the arrow. You can't be saying cool and spiracy, man. Are you out of your mind? God. What a paper that is, huh? That's freaking hero. But in any way, so I'll let you. Is that a crispy cream? He's got passive to the them, we're going to celebrate a golf tournament this weekend. If they Western Hills Country Club, he's got hurricane basketball tickets for Tuesday, February 16th. Again, pit Saturday, February 27th against Rutgers. And also those fancy fancy, I turn the Rogers on t-shirts. Which you probably won't wear in public. But you can like when you put on your panties and bra. You guys, you can put a pants around in the bathroom in the door lock real tight with those on. So I go out there and help Chris out. I've pretended somebody cares. So here's a great fact that says you made a very good point earlier today when you said that man is afraid to say three simple words. Okay. What are those three simple words? I don't know. Those are the words. You're in good company because thousands of years ago when the Jews and the Hindus and the sun worshipers were spreading their furry tails and claiming their way had all the answers. And old queen name, socrates said the first step to true was the mis to a myth that you don't know. Guess what? It's okay not to know everything. That's life. But we got old Frankson. After in there we got that old queen Socrates. We got everything in there. That's life. All you have to do was say, I don't know. And even better net. I don't give a flying crap. How do you like that? I mean, if I could know, if I could know the answer by like a reading a book or like whatever. Then maybe I might be interested in knowing. But since I know beyond the shadow of a duck that I will never know, I don't care. Oh, how can you say that? You must be very shallow. No, actually, I'm a hell of a lot more intelligent than most of you. Because life is short. I don't want to waste my time pondering and arguing about things that I can never really know the answers to and wasting my time with a bunch of people who are being led by the nose from stone each superstitious people from thousands of years ago who wrote stuff that was so laughable and idiotic that to believe it is to put a big sign on your forehead to paint it on there. I'm a moron. I'm a lemon. I'm a quizling. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. How you doing? Okay. You know, I hate when the people call it, you say like, God created hers and all this stuff. It's like saying, you know, God created hers and put up here. But why would he create hers quick for every change in the normal thing for children? Because he's a sadistic thing that keeps getting pissed off all the time. I mean, everything of the earth has a reason. Now, that's the thing that we feel is the earth's words. The hurricane, the hurricane, the hurricane, our way of getting up the air. You have a lot of about luckers. Okay. We have an open line in date. 560. Well, he had a bad phone. Okay. I don't want to be. Maybe he had something to say. I'm not really. I have my doubts. 560 and 560 on the mobile one line. We're rolling along. Sinking a song today. Here we're getting them sick and a little bit. That's what it's all about. Maybe getting them sick and in South Florida. That's a hobby you all should be taken up. There aren't too many stickers down here. Are there? Oh, there are a lot of stickers, but not too many stickers. That's the problem. Get that great matter working before you know, you might be able to postpone that the Denture Cream and effortent for a few years. You might be able to actually keep your real teeth for a few years. If you just think a little bit, I know what's not easy down here. I know this is the land of the lost. This is La La Land. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, huh? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I do. I'm pissed off and fired. Oh, God. I just said my parents raised me Catholic and let me tell you something. The only thing I enjoyed about Easter was looking in the backyard for the Easter eggs and Christmas for the present. Right. And one thing that I've been trying to realize is after I got my barmits for a person who I said, okay, that's enough of this, Grapp. See, a one thing I realized about religion is to create separatism. I mean, you got you have to think that a long time ago there was just one religion and one guy didn't believe the rules and started his own fashion. And now you've got 20,000 different beliefs. I religion's better than you were. And you're walking in somebody else's shirt and they would find you like, oh, he's Presbyterian or Catholic or whatever. Yeah. What's it all about man? You know what? I sure crappies men made nonsense. It's foolishness. You get to others. That's what I do have. I have a very life. God, bye. Okay. My religion, how come that song keeps going through my mind over and over again? I might have to play that over and over again. We have an open line in Broward, five, six, seven. My penis is bigger than yours. My religion is by my dad's bed. All this juvenile locker room kind of crap. Oh, no, you're absolutely wrong. And again, if they weren't that free of death, they would discard this faster than Sani clause. And I can forget are you crazy? But if they were just a little bit concerned about that CYA business Come on, harass, just in case. Isn't it just in case? And of course, if you don't really believe it anyway, what their business make. To put on an act and pretend that you believe it like the French and the French and the Afro, okay? Good Catholic boy. Do you think he's up there now, chicken? That's why, no, he's down there. I'm going, that's death is one of this. That's rigour boardest is what he's doing. Open line of Broward, five, six, seven, five, six, six, and pound five, six, the animal bull one line. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Nate. Yes sir. Where's your chef? Great. I wanted to comment about the topic today. Yes. And I want to say is, is that people? I'm sorry? Go ahead. That's what religion is. Is he absolutely right? There is no such thing. The reason why the people follow religious buildings, because we have people out there. For example, I give you a very good example yourself. Those people out there, there are master minds. They can manipulate your mind very easily. There's a lot of people out here. The thing is, is that, for example, like I said, you look at your sense. Everybody loves you, everybody calls you, everybody follows you. That's because you are master mind. You know how to get to people's head. You understand what I'm saying? No. Okay. Another thing. Religion. That's the thing with religion. It's a big business. It's all in a very big business. All of you still have it. Yeah, even more than nine. Yeah, that's just for starters. It's just a given. No, that's just to, you know, the offering. You don't know about tuition and everything else. Right. Exactly. Well, that's it. Like I said, for starters. Exactly. The thing is, is with a whole crack. Right. The thing is with religion is, it's just a fairy tale. It's just a big show. It's like Cinderella. Snow White. Or whatever. At least Cinderella and Snow White were entertaining anyway. This is not very entertaining. But the fairy tales, so is the Bible. The Bible is just one big fairy tale. It's a really correct story. Absolutely. I mean, it's just one big fairy tale. Well, I'll see on that lake of fire. Okay. We have an open line in date. 560560560 and a mobile one line. I mean, these people really believe that I know believe in God. I mean, what is wrong with these people? I go to show every night I dove in my rural hot dog, no, or handle mellow halla. I mean, come on. It's getting close to poor man. I'm zoning for those home enticing in soy fibride of 16. Don't take any bullshit on this. My religion better than your religion. Yeah. I believe you better than your own. My belief to what you admire, you are going to lay some fire. My religion better than yours. My religion better than your religion. My religion better than yours. My religion better than your own. Oh, great! I believe in religion, better than yours. My religion better than yours. But he liked about it better than yours. I find a voice in where it addresses my religion better than yours. No. But you believe in religion better than yours. What religion does it mean? We have no respect for women, drive a cab to make a living party, the legitimate better than yours. I agree with you, Ted and John, we need your religion. I agree with you, it's better than yours. I do, but I'm not a good person. My religion's better than yours. I agree with you, Ted and John, we're all division. I'm a legitimate citizen, John, back! We were a genius, and the building of the capital, and the prime minister, and the party, and the laws, and the laws, and the... My religion's better than yours. We now endorse a father, he like former vr. who has used my religion's better than yours. But we just don't know your religion's, my religion's better than your orders. We were chosen by our bikes and get to marry lots of wives, my religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We may be against my religion's better than yours. We don't want to use our brains for my religion's better than yours. I'm a prime minister, and I'm a prime minister. 140, 1246, whatever the hell, the visit is at 560 WQAM. As we continue, we're a little long probing for intelligence out there and so on. I know it's not easy, you've got to stick with us folks, it's not an easy search. We just keep probing and looking and searching and squeezing and touching. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. How are you this morning? Great, this afternoon. That's good. I'm still in mourning, I get up late. Yeah. Question. Yes. You state that your people who believe in religion are all a bunch of retardating it. I didn't say that. I said they're brainwashed. Okay. Part of the brainwashed masses. You're using those terms. You're talking about preachers who preach it and people who are... Oh, absolutely. Okay. Well, no, they're business people. But don't you. But they're not retarded. They're business people. They're exploiters. Okay, but don't you understand. Some of them are making a fortune, by the way. Many of them. Don't you think you're doing the complete opposite of what they're, or the same thing they're doing. But in the opposite way. By doing what? Preaching there is no religion. Of course not. People don't listen to the show to hear a sermon. It doesn't listen to the show for entertainment. I talk about... I talk about... I talk about... Is there any different things on the show? I love your show. I think your show is on the other side. I have... but you... but you... There's a lot of times where you do talk about it. And it's a whole show. I'm not... I'm not the other one. I don't get paid for the subject matter. I get paid for ratings and the big intermersals. Sure, I don't get paid because I'm prostitizing. But I don't think it's... I don't think it's fair for you to tear down people who call and state that they feel that there is religion and there's a God. And you're constantly bashing there isn't. So you're doing the exact same thing they're doing, but in an office. No, no, I'm not. I'm not getting paid to prostilize the brainwash to get recruits. I'm going to pay to give my opinions and to be controversial and to be... you know, I'll be amusing and whatever we're entertaining. That's what I'm paid for. Don't you think there's a lot of butt-kissers though they call your show? Of course they're paying for it. They're paying for it. They're a butt-kissers. They're a butt-kissers. That's one of the worst parts to talk radio is that most of the people who call, call to appreciate themselves with the host and a suck around and you know something gets boring, you're right. That's what piss me off about. Hey, listen, if you have a belief in your... I respect your belief in whatever I believe in. But why do you have a problem with... Why do you have a problem with my stressing? I hate the people that call up this show and say they can't say I'm religious. They've had problems with this thing. I talk to people who are a disagree with me who agree with me. I mean, if you want me to do contribute controversy, what I would nickers by the way, and only talk to people. If you want me to tell George just put out people in this agree, like Steve Canes to do, then it about six months. I'll be on some 50-watt station like he is searching for an audience. You know, it's grandling to make a living. That's just my opinion. I'm into contrive. I'm into talking to people and if it sounds like they're just being ingratiating and sucking around, I'll get rid of him. It's boring. I agree with you. I'm just just just my opinion. The not saying I don't enjoy your show. I think you're you're a genius. That's right. Well, no, you are. Relatively spiriting is relative. In a real place, I'd be a more and have a great day. Thank you. God bless you. And he's got a point. Lot of suckles. And I'm the one guy on the ear that tells you that. See, I'm not one of these people who puts on a big act here. And pretend like, you know, these sportsguides. I'm not going to tell you that. My source says that those sports talk shows that a guy named sports bar with a microphone. People talking about my news here that is so terminal. It's unbelievable. What do you think about the kids who's stake in? Just stop and ask yourself this question. Even if you're an avid sportsman, how many people give a flag? Grab about Kansas State? How many people care about the guy, them owning out the Syracuse game tonight? Who cares about that? What kind of a person with a life or a brain? And how entertaining or interesting is that? And the boss is running around upstairs distributing all these leaflets about WFN and New York, which by the way, has I'm Mr. in the morning. A dead man on the ear. But I mean, oh, yes, sports talk radio. That's the hottest thing going on. This is, you know, I'm the sports maven. I saw a stand fistle around there at the game. Yeah, the mic and the maven. I didn't see him on there. He's the sports guru, baby. That's why no matter how much money we build here, we can't make ends meet. We can't pay ourselves people on time because we've got to give all of money to Wayne, because we're making so much on these sports games. He's the sports guru and great expense to the company, and everybody who works here. But how was I talking about? Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a question for you. Yes. Do you think anybody calling him who's religious is going to convert you to their way of thinking? You know, something's here. They're having a party next door down here in this floor. That is so loud. I mean, they are doing a lot of jackasses and lead cutler's office. We must be there. They're having a party over there. You know, they know that there's a radio show of some sort. The highest radio show on this radio station. Much higher rated dollars. Stupid ball games put together by the way. And we're sitting here trying to do radio show. And they're making noise to the guy. They're not. And no matter how many times they cut the crap, they're over there. Having a party in their pants. They're playing grand bass with each other. And I want to ask you a question. I want to ask you a question. I want to ask you a question. I want to ask you a question. I want to ask you a question. I want to ask you a question. I want to ask you a question. The question is, do you think any of these religious people calling in can convert you to their way of thinking? Of course not. The next question. You're not going to. But that's not the point. Why do you convert them to your way of thinking either? I doubt it. Then my point is you usually have a good humor show. Sir, I certainly say this to you. Okay, it is not boring. It's great. This show today is sensational. If it's boring to you, then find something else to do today. Okay. Maybe you're what you're really trying to do. Well, though talk about this because I'm offended by it. I'm not boring at all. I'm not here just to be a comedian 24 hours a day. I'm here to talk about a whole bunch of stuff. And I always do it. I've been doing it very well. Thank you for 25 years. I had to win the joy of your show. I'm glad to talk about it. Okay, I'll talk tomorrow. Well, I'm talking about something more up your alley. Ha ha ha ha. Isn't that sad? You're not fooling me. Sir, I know what I know that game. Oh, yeah. Well, you're supposed to be a humor. Is he supposed to be an entertainer? This is really so boring. So, I'm not fooling at all. I'm going to say it again in the first 20 minutes. I'm going to show this morning should have been packaged and put on every goddamn radio and TV station in the world. Nature isn't selective. Okay. Not in the sense that people don't just don't get it. Oh, and you know, well, we're a mystery. We're looking for answers. There are no answers. Okay. Crap happens. Everybody with a half a brain knows that crap happens. And it isn't because God got pissed off or because Jesus had a bad bowel movement. Or because Abraham's beard was too long. Or because Samson had a bad haircut. Or because Jonah got spit out by the way. What any any these ridiculous stories? Crap happens. And instead of being like a bunch of emotional cripples, how about growing up just a little teeny tiny bit as we begin to move into the next century at the next millennium. How about growing up just a little teeny tiny bit? How about it? No. Okay. I'm sorry. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Yes. Yes, I am. Yes. I just wanted to make a comment. You have all these scholars calling and making. We're calling in. Yeah. Everybody knows about religion. But I'm seeing PhDs there. I just wanted to say that you have a good show. But when it comes time to religion, pointing the finger at the Christians and so forth. And then God, if you have to buy a seat just to attend there. Sir, who's pointing my fingers at the say? Yes, today about the orthodox Jews in Israel. Got almost no calls about who's pointing my fingers at the Christians? Yeah. And reference to our atheist. Yeah. Sir, who's pointing why would you say that? I had a couple. You had a lot of calls coming in and reference to that. And I just want to let you know. How about the orthodox Jew or that called in? I was laying the to fill in that I grilled for 14 minutes. And finally said, Oh, well, you're right. God is nature. How about him? Yeah. Nature. Well, I didn't like it. But now it's not the inflect. I just want to say that when it comes time to it between the Jewish and the Christians and all that. Well, brothers and one in Christ and I just want to say what you want to do. Well, brothers and one in Christ are I hate to break the news. He Jews don't believe in Christ. Yeah. What Hindus don't believe in Christ. Blut is still believe in Christ. Okay. I hate to break the news to you, sir. But there are a lot of other than Christians. Nobody believes in Christ. Oh, click. There you go. There's a good Christian for you. Well, brothers and Christ, and he hangs up the phone. Oh, God bless you, sir. Don't pick on the Christians. And after yesterday I went to that big song at an answer about the crazy Orthodox Jews in Israel and the picture on the front page of the Harold. And then try that we had here before that's busy wrapping his arms up in leather straps because he's living in the stone age because he's been brainwashed. And then we're all brothers and Jesus. Oh, my God. Did you know that? No. That we're all brothers in Jesus. No. Even in the jungles of Africa, we're all brothers in Jesus. No. Even in India, we're going to Pakistan. No. Even the Graham. There. Oh. Well, I knew we'd get somebody sooner later. Wow. That was, and then he hangs up the phone. Click. That was beautiful. That was precious. You know, we're on such a roll here the last two days. I thought the first call yesterday you couldn't top it. We've had a half a dozen today that make that one pale in a one significance. Including the Orthodox Jewish guy that's wrapping the straps on his arm. And they want to reason they don't do that morning noon and night is because once it cuts off the circulation, it's a little hard to keep breathing. It's a little hard to stay alive. So they say, oh, they take it off. They unwrap it. That feels so good. Yeah, right. When you stop beating the crap out of me, feel so good. Or is it hurt so good? I'm sorry. You know, my bad taste in music. Oh, boy. The one to two hours. What the hell was I thinking of? Just get my juice. He twisted all the... The way that's put on a soup stew, I should have had more of a soup stew than he was. What the hell was I thinking of? I got so wrong. I got the heat. I can't stand up. I think of a city. Good! Stop here. I'll sit for a little boat. I can't understand how long it's so. See, good. But they thought it would be hard. But I had too many plans. That's it. Yeah. Look at how firm it's a boat. It's bigger than the stockings that grow. My legs grew up. I can't control what you think out of my eyes old. What the hell was I thinking of? I got so wrong. I got the spirit. I've said it by boat. It's like when you do it. Okay. Two minutes after one or five sixty. If you have a guitar and a vocal Brian's got his monomus week. We have an open line in day one and a braward. Five six seven five sixty. Pond five sixty on the AT&T. Right last time we got hand gober coming along with two. We got bookshobby at six. Who's a monster in a four-star business and a A. Kaplan chronic gambling show ten o'clock tonight. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes. We're all the body of Christ. How do you like that? And they told me we're all brothers and Christ. And they the Lord's be with you. Yeah. And make sure you give ten percent of that fat check to God, Neo. Uh-huh. Neo, you know, Charles Darwin's father was a preacher. Yeah. I don't know if you knew that. No, I did not. Uh-huh. So that was not tell you something. What is it, Tommy? That is not for real. Okay. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line of day one and a Brower. Five six seven o'clock sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. What is that? Who are you talking to one line for? Are you doing a show with some asshole on four by the time? I'm trying to talk about it going into broadcasting for a living. Well, what what what is me calling you on your show like some time? Okay. I don't uh, have an entertain some jackass. I want to give this business. Jesus, crab. I mean, we're talking about dumb people today, but not that dumb. Five six seven o'clock sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T. Wireless line. George is doing a broadcasting seminar on line four there. Here's a mobile and busking. Hello. Hey, hey, hello. Are you okay, sir? Listen, I'm getting tired. There's a mirror on the lawn, so that's a pair of water bills. No, she called. I mean, what's going on with that? Meaning what? What do you mean meaning what? She doesn't pair. What does that mean? Well, what is my real on law? So I have to do with my life. What does she have to do with this show? What does she have to do with the price of peanuts? What does she have to do with the price of hollow bond? Miami Beach? Nothing at all. Okay. Thank you. Open line of Broward 2 in date. Five six seven, oh five sixty. Start an open up now like a big wide river now. Man, we need somebody to come along and make their water dry up real fast. Five six seven, oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. See if I'm listening to a show I enjoy. I keep listening. If there's somebody talking about something no matter how much I made, like to show where the host and they're talking about something I don't care about. I tune it out for a while. I might tune in later on if there's still talking about. I'll tune it out again. Like when I hear a lot of the dumb colors on his fortune with that mistake which breaks my heart but nevertheless I got plenty of CDs. That's the way it works. Oh, but you're supposed to be doing a comedy show where we did. Oh, I am. Oh, that's interesting. Here is a bokeh. Hello. Bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I want to come in on the people calling in about religion. I want to Catholic school for eight years and 22. And I'm not just having it on the phone. Somebody else pick up the line. No, I want to tell this. I just want to go through change of life and that does that. What even does that? I'll punch up another line and make that pop. Well, that's nice. Another crappy piece of our phones. I'm going to head to your own. Sorry. We're just operating with a nice, nice, nice phone system. And they've been on a business for a couple of years. Yeah, sorry. But I'm not religious. I'd say I'm more spiritual. I'm more spiritual back to that. What does that mean? Spiritual? Yeah. Just that I accept spiritual audience. People use a lot of what is spirituality. What does that mean? Spirituality to me is just being a person to a person being kind, understanding, understanding, understanding, respecting nature. What is that? I think you're happy to have spirituality. Spirituality, the word implies some kind of hockest focus. What kind of goblings book? Some kind of faith in the unseen and what is this spirituality to do with nature? Because nature is spiritual. No, no, no, no, no. You know what is not? Do you know what is nature? Do you know what that creates? Animals that eat other animals? That's spiritual? No, no, no, no. I understand what you're saying. I'm about the finisher. There's nothing spiritual about that. I understand. I just would like to say as far as religion. The thing with religion is they want you to believe like they do. And if you do not believe like they do, then you're going to be a hell. Hell and you're a bad guy. That's right. You're going to burn on that lake of fire. Boy, it's going to be pretty crowded there, you know what? Well, I want to church with my grandparents warm one Christmas. Yeah. Again, I want to Catholic school my whole life. But I want to respect for them. And the preacher is saying, you'll be a little bit more accepted into heaven and God's favor if you take some money out of your pocket. And you know. And the car's without that's right. Oh my God. Right. God needs that money. Don't understand. He's doing a lot of shopping at Walmart this week. Well, God bless you, sir, and have a great life. All right. Okay. Don't listen to any bull crap. Okay. I mean, that's, you know, I mean, God may be up there, but I'll tell you one thing. Don't take any bull **** on them. That's right. That's right. I mean, maybe he's there, but don't forget. Don't take any bull **** on them. We have an open line at Broward 56070560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, we know Greg read his upstairs, but that's what I believe. Don't take any bull **** on them. Oh, boy. And as he loaded with it, he is overflowing with it. He's covered with it. By the way, he didn't know. He wasn't here yesterday, so if we need him. Oh, don't forget Chris is out there. They've had to do that. He's gone. Yes. They all came out of the woodwork as soon as you mentioned it. And then you got some response. Yes. All right. I feel a nail Jesus. God, do I have the power? How did that guy was right before? I'm getting paid to brainwashed the public. Anybody believe that? No. I don't. I mean, I'm making money from this. You have to know if he sent me any money in the mail. Nobody's filling my collection plate because he got only knows if I'm going to keep up the payments and all those Corfets and the NSX and stuff. Takes a lot of money to do that. Takes a lot of harder and cash. Okay. The church of Neil is what I say. Let's start it right now. Just send me a bunch of money. Okay. Send me a bunch of money. Work for a soupy sales. Almost got his ass off here. Okay. Where are we going? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes. Our first lady of the day. Wow. You don't have any women at call day. No. We don't have women at listen. We have some that pretend to listen. But they're too shy to listen. You know, they're afraid to might learn something. Well, I listen every day. Right. And you made a point today that I completely disagree with. Yes. You said something about Tennessee. Yeah. I lived in Tennessee for a long time. I love you. Backwards. The end of the hall. He'll believe. Wow. Lots of say about the ass. It's cold. Excuse my language in South Florida. Yeah. Well, that's another story. It's another chapter. Right. Exactly. So the point I was going to make is the people in South Florida. There's not as much religion down here. There's not as many people that are involved with the religion. People are shallow. They're insincere. They're. Yeah. They're not intellectual. Like the people in Tennessee. Right. Well, they're there's some good schools in Tennessee. There's some educated people. What when I moved to Nashville for one month and 1980 to work at WLIC, which I came running back from there was a growth test place. And the land lady at the Department of Energy said to me, well, you know, there's two kinds of people. There's people from Nashville. And there's people like from New York and Florida. That's what I'm sure. Which was her way of saying Jews. But she didn't really want to say Jews, you know? And I said, oh. Yeah. What I said. Well, my point that I was going to make is that the people in Tennessee are very pleasant. I'm like here. I have. Yeah, they're good. They're real planners. That's what the K. That's a very small group. Yeah. I've come on. They like to pick up in a place. People there are very pleasant. Yeah. I said have a great day. Okay. We have an open line of Broward 5605. So if they want to tell you that people in South Florida are rocket scientists compared to the people in Tennessee. I mean, that's a real shot. When somebody starts telling you that the people in South Florida are dumber than the people in Tennessee, that's a real backhanded shot in the old fat. Black building. Right now. We just laugh at that kind of talk, you know? There's two kinds of people. There's you Jews. Roger. Roger. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Clinton. Clinton. There are modern white house and lovely. You know.im bloodouts of rock. A duck. He's in trouble with notifying at the least. The president has Model B. No more grilling. Look who he's going to buy in the near. Them in the near. He's now in a billrock. He's looking for their place Why doesn't it deserve me. S Aldoms. Everybody feeling? Those like motor. Or if lk these rich and ball fisher are gone anyway. we have an open line in date to a them five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two miles line no interest by the way in that fat story ahead earlier in the show see I brought up about a hundred things before twenty to eleven and we got off of this religious danger but it's not because I came in here to prostitize again it's just that this was really get them all stirred up nature all my god that's pretty controversial man how to help you say those things nature my ass yeah the twenty four hour fitness folks with that billboard that says uh... the picked a hungry space a linden says when they come they will eat the fat one and there's a bunch of fat people out there's an expert's is going to get all that other shape because you're not supposed to make a fun to fat people i think all of us even though those of us who are fat make fun of that people don't wait for a shot streaming well you better turn on red he was up there at box last night chasing out light around there is what i heard maybe it was me know something maybe it was this behavior maybe it was the uh... aroma we have an open line of day five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty on the eighteen two miles line here's a mobile in four-laterdale hello mobile in four-laterdale you know you then yes sir my home to piece of crap go ahead yeah i know it's a piece of crap i'm over here by the big yeah well it's just one and i heard about the lady calling and saying that she wasn't even uh... born yet when i was because she wasn't certain religion why i had somebody tell me that why because i wasn't bad about the way but lady said that yesterday oh yesterday we have an at least that we had the lady trying to defend ten a sea but she has nothing to do with what we're talking about we've had no women today no one i don't want one and i heard that earlier but anyway what's the point there's nobody in this town there's nobody in this town okay thank you there's a bulletin for you nobody in this town thank you he's over there by the beach and he's on his way out he's looking for Andrew conendence body we have an open line of day one and brought five six seven five sixty got only knows what he's gonna do with it and pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line here's a mobile in tavenir hello you got yes sir oh my god listen if there was a god we don't look sound and be hung like a marykey really no we wouldn't be hung like him he's hung like a mouse what is that all i don't know about that that's what you want talking about he goes around telling me what allow us to take down by the store's office sent that was picked up by the cigar we did not you bring more common sense to it than anybody yes i think i listen to these people come i don't have a whole bunch of assuckers here calling and telling me that boy you sure got some great common sense everything you say you know that guy that said that's boring motors to apply for what's wrong what happened actually the truth is boring right that's why we got religious right so that's not a little bit and get everybody kill each other and arguing calling each other names that's right one thing i can understand is i listen to all these religious fanatics talking about the the fagglers out there against this against that uh... one thing they can answer if god made us all they made the fagglers too i just don't get it i just don't get it i you you get my answer they go in the hide with the you know i'm just the so you guys are but you okay we have it over a bunch of a little bit they won't say faggler and what i'll say something else you know what they'll say don't you that then second i can't stand an open-handed broard five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen to you right off the line if you're trying to defend the center of homosexuality on this show sir you got another thing coming we don't hate the sin we hate the sinner are i mean uh... is that the way it goes yeah fact we lost for that sin but the sin of we want to pick on him because he's gotta be our scapegoat in fact if we can't have a billy goat next best thing is a scapegoat that's what they say in lutes here's my mebeech hello i knew a good afternoon yes i was telling George or if it works ago i was at a luncheon and i met a minute walter basabo and told how he made uh... this is a faggler's door just checking his head vehemently like it's a faggler's which i thought i'd already be getting use this a rear-view real voice yes uh... and how he made uh... your station how he made uh... i want to see the consult yeah he can sort it on making you in uh... and i also yeah i don't know about that he while i do know he's a major asset yeah he helped the ratings go up to the right to the right to the right to the right to the story of the wilde sir's what he did all of the way he said it's all right well grab what you're right it's a fagg boy what what you can help another shape about it so what if it is a faggler why you so up tight today what is the problem you're off your feed today George there's so bad well that's that's what makes it good is that it was so bad was probably the guy with the eyes is what it's not like to me but what difference does it make it's entertaining the list of somebody make a jackass out himself with a real bad phone reports man satellite at twenty pounds of the course and maybe he did we have an open line in brown five six seven oh five sixty and one what is walver sabo happy with his show it's like uh... what's your name with a garbage that i was talking about that professional spik with at the uh... maria lines of whatever it is who maria malon so who cares about that when are you humans i'm not going to pick on the other his panics because they got the right to get a little bit better when you humans going to get out of the kindergarten and given to the real world and start thinking and talking and living about the things that we care about i can't think of any of them but if i ever do man living at little perokio tiny world a mariam alonso is an aliyada gross laden in rosand rosanna dana and all these silly little uh... jackass is man expand your horizons that's what i be saying expand your horizons a little bit get out of the real world starts different a pantheo you're already doing that here's bokeh hello yes sir just move back from greensboro north care line up yeah what a horrible place that must be sure get those great hockey grounds up there that i have a team but there's nobody going oh you couldn't give a ticket away right you know all the back of the subter is that what it is yeah there's a bunch and uh... but racism's alive and well yeah and uh... you know there's more uh... well i know some people are really a kia fondon north kerala that's probably the reason they like those racist attitudes of their a lot yeah you know but got to the street everybody well no he doesn't he says the school those uh... cune is what they're in and this uh... you know they want to know where all the uh... chanks strip joys come from yeah there's more there than here right at least a nine o'clock doors like so that there's especially when he uses wife at home right and have a great day okay there's our greensboro report open line of day one and brown five six seven oh five sixty all you have to do when you think about the deep south of state back to these uh... speech but hearings that we just had those house managers is there were called ace a Hutchinson and that Lindsey Graham from south kerala all then jule and deep southern idiots uh... well Lindsey Graham he's my favorite he was absolutely my favorite what a little yahu he was man he just looked at me one a yahu and then they keep bringing it back again the thing is over so many police tell the people of the TV networks it's all over and what did i tell you by the way as always nice calling the old god right on what did they drag back out of the closet and ms and bc the minute that's uh... penis gate was over john but nae freaking ramsy and you know what she still did i can read to them like looking through a panic last of what a pain they are they got their three or four little hysterical stories of the soon as one of the they've been squeezed every drop of blood like squeezed blood out of a turnip a rock as soon as there's not a drop left in it they go back and they start squeezing the old ones again and what's wrong with squeezing the old ones that's what i always say in the new run open line in date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty hundred eighty one of the last maybe a handshake but not a squeeze here's virginia garden so long i knew i do a great us in your show every day pretty good pretty good pretty good yeah sir okay yeah kind of week uh... you were wondering about spirituality and what it is yeah it's a label yeah it's a label like anything else if you're a red up on Taoism at all no well what i want to then well i think it's a little bit more more of the direction you're going as far as you know your religion or your non-religion of test case yeah ever read out and what no i don't i don't have to read any of that stuff there's nothing to read there's never complicated reading all these great philosophers and all these theories and what why do i want to do that it was simple there's nothing complicated about it's very simple do no harm nature is of what it is and i do the best you can that's it that's the end of that part of my life now move on like a living it exactly that's what they teach to it right a non self approach to life a non self approach yeah that you lose your ego and you why do you want to lose your ego what does that mean because when more goblty go again that's not i think it is you have goblty go get goblty goblty go and individuality what is this when you have all these things attached to you like the way you look and all that other you know crap then that adds to your the god will be good that you're talking about all of these things no it doesn't that's what makes you an individual series exactly the opposite of what real life is all about well makes you an individual is opposed to just another sheep and one that that's what it is what is distinctive about you so uh can it how could a bunch of how could millions and millions of people take something so simple and make it into such a big mysterious oh complicated thing and talks that's crap if you ever have such crap is that in your life i mean the guy that said well brothers and christ i'm i mean he was better in this guy try to get rid of your ego and uh you know and self and it just just be another sheep just be like a part of the woodwork like part of the wallpaper like same the promotions guy it's like a fly in wallpaper it's like a fly in everybody's ointment is what he is open line and date five six seven you know it's interesting i'm picking up myself right now i'm taking it to the group of people in this building that i'm becoming very alienated from and don't have an interesting singer speaking to and i'm realizing it's that group you know i'm gonna say it's the untouchables up there it's the Gregory group right the untouchables that's right just ask alien mess you'll tell you yeah the untouchables they can do it all wrong there's stuff don't even stink that's right they can do it right on grace this good oh man what a role model that is well it was great that's the best i smell this year yeah so i'm that it's not me i've worked in a lot of different radio stations with a lot of different people and you know i somehow co-existed with most of me and some people were assholes i still got along so it's not me i've worked around all kinds of people but this place there are those untouchables up there and discovering that hey let's then do their thing we never see them again it'll be soon enough they got their little grab ass club up there oh they were in the skybox together last night and this one was doing this and this one was doing that one great i'm in my seat okay haven't had my own good time woo one twenty six at five sixty wq and the home of the truth baby this is the place for the god damn freaking truth yeah and if you don't believe a god damn it tough crap are you airing shit like this bills the cards and my neck hurts the china do that out of here go when he makes it way grow money god is not the kind you can do in the behind for us the car in her vagina she's all mine damn it well he don't know where a stove he goes i can see how there was some confusion between human door and human horse and then i can stop a certain cedar box means to her naked stars report you need to go in blind you're going to hell you down that's been he was working hard late night in the ovary office working on a practical job he took a massive noodle put an explode in loaded for money girl was blowing in the snow comes one of them bitch bills the cards and my neck hurts the china all right you let's out of here go every time he makes it way grow money god is not the kind you can do in the behind for us the car in her vagina she's all mine okay for people feel that hiller even made a fool of buy a husband feel that hiller he was wrong up in the linking bedroom she walked morning morning how far was doing her with bills those fun bills the cards and my neck hurts the china yeah We gotta do it, take a tip of it, or go. And put it in a dream, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All night, I'll suddenly come and come and come and come. Oh yeah. You know, I want to retract something I said a few days ago. It's not that James Taylor's music was that bad. We just said it was so seropy that if you heard it once, each song once, like firing rain, each song once, that would be, it would be fine and that would be enough. There you go. Like like most of the sports calls on his station, you know, once is usually too much, but certainly once would be enough, like building the jet fan. Here is a four-laterdale, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a somebody because I have more enemies in front. And Sunday was a Valentine day. Yeah. I was Tom, so happy, crotch day. And from the home of the freaking liberals, and have a 12 day. Okay, we have an open line in day one and a brown, five, six, seven, five, six, six, the on the AT&T wireless line. Said part of it, as he made more sense than most of these people today, but hey, here's a lady in Miami, hello. Lady Mobile. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. This is not only a woman, but it's a woman who moved with you to Nashville. Oh, my God, you moved with me. And called her. Mary Ellen. Mary Sue. Oh, my God, how have you been? I'm okay. I live in Melbourne, Beats, and I'm on the turn-pike on to Miami, and I could go up. This is Bill Carter's wife. And I heard you talk about Mary, but somebody else, you still married, I hope. Yeah. Oh, thank God. You doing good? Yeah. You sound like you're doing good? I'm doing okay. Thank you, friend. We'll fart. How long have you been up there? Three years. Yeah. Yeah. We're going back and forth. Don't you want to work with Miss working in the restaurant or with that awful place? Yeah, I missed the shop. Where was it? Sacks or an even Marcus? Even Marcus. Yeah, Mary Ellen used to be the restaurant manager at an even Marcus until I found out she was too pushy and pushing around those old farts, which was great. So what are you doing up there? Did you have kids now? No. You still have Benny and Max. Are you serious? Oh, my God. You still got your two ready dogs. I still got my two-manji dog. Yeah, one blind other TMR thing. Oh, Jesus. Wow. I'm a real friend now. Oh, yeah, he's never been able to. Huh? And just hanging out right on the beach. That was nice. Excellent. As a mom. She's great. She's just the same. I kind of like my dog is mean, she and old. Well, listen, it's great here from you. You have my home number to the same. No, when you put me off, give it to me. Oh, George, give me the number. Okay. Well, take care of yourself. Okay. George, give me a call, okay? Okay. Hang on. Wow. How about that? Not just the lady, but Mary Ellen Calder. Woo! Have he doody. Well, what a nice lady she is. Yeah, there aren't too many like built-called or run anymore. I'll tell you that. But that's you know, that's the way it is. It's like I said, nature. You just have to do the best you can and move right on. So as you can do. I remember I was speaking of Dead Friends. I remember my good friend Alan Finkelson from Papado Parks and in the back when he was dying of cancer. And I was sitting in his office one night before the races. And he said, you know, he was obviously either the cancer had gone in the remission. And then they found it came back. And he said, you know, he's shaking. He said like, what if I ever done the deserve this. And I said, you never did anything to deserve this just the way life is. Crap happens to good people. And of course he's dead. Here's a mobile info, Loderdale. Hello. Hey, Brian here. Just got back from Miami-Dake Community College. Yes, sir. I'm not way out. There's an exhibit for this African American black history month. You have to walk through to get to your car. And this is the exhibit or there. I'm confronted by him with a big picture of a black Jesus Christ behind him. He says, let's answer white boy. What color was Jesus? I'll mention Ron. Can you deny that he was black because he didn't name for math? I heard he was Asian. I heard he was Chinese. It doesn't matter, though. That's my point. The wide way I have to get confronted with this is in their separation of church and state. I have to get confronted with it because religious, for that, I'm sorry, everywhere. The crazy people are out there. Hand in their pamphlets out in every street corner. And every major city in America. I was talking about that yesterday. If I bring him crazy with me, I get fired. This is a... If you brought who to work with it, the guy or the... If I brought no, if I brought pamphlets, I wouldn't bring this character with me. But if I brought pamphlets about what I believe in, it would be against every rule. I'll just tell him, no, thank you and have an eye state. Okay, we have an open line in Broward, two in date, five, six, seven, five, six. It's like the balling will listen to something. If you want people to get bent out of shape about it like I told you the other day, go right ahead. Is it going to change? No. So if you want to make a big issue with you, then all bent out of shape and get your blood pressure up. Go ahead. Doesn't phase me because number one, I don't live in date County anymore. That was my choice. And number two, if somebody don't want to speak my language, scroll on. That's my comment to them. Unless of course, it happens to be in another country where they don't speak English, in which case I do the best I can. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Whoa. Sometimes I feel like I have... Ask me to buy... Sometimes I feel like people don't want to smile. Who will listen to your show? They must not like a child as you. You can never get by my friend. They're called our own radio. They're called our own radio. My radio. Okay, 144 at 560WQM. We have an open line in date, one in Broward, 56050. There was one of the really good people that I worked with in this market. The last 500 years, Bill Colbert. He did. But you know what? Wasn't because God decided it was time for me to die. Wasn't because, you know, it was in somebody's master plan. Crap happens. We live, we die. Oh, you can't say that. Is he up there? No, he's not up there. He's not down there. He's dead. Okay, where are we going? Here's a key largo. Hello. Yeah, key largo? Yes, sir. Listen, for one hour, last night. Yes, buddy. Larry King. Oh, I'm so glad you mentioned that. I wanted to ask because I was going to have to hockey game. Did he suck Linda trips ass? That's what we want to know. French kids to her. Oh, I'm sorry. You was cereal. Our. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Every question. But any newsman with his soul. Yeah. Would have possibly conceived. He didn't ask. Yeah. Instead, she said, I don't want to use word taping. I want to use the word something else. Uh-huh. So immediately Larry King says, okay, would use the word something else. Uh-huh. He never. He never used that terrible word for Linda. Is that a thing about who asked her to tape? Right. He's asking her like, what should think of John Gorkman? Yeah, where did she get her hair done? That's what she's asking. She got a little bit of weight this year. And just to get back to you. You put his lips right on her back. Oh, and suck heavy. Nice going, Larry. Okay. I'm going to tell you something. Anybody that kisses up to Larry King, you're on my crapless forever. But listen once. The first three hours today, you ought to synthesize it and distribute it all over the United States. All over the world. They're freaking classic. Right, Amen. Amen. Fabulous, you sir. Okay, bye. Thank you. He's right. Oh, yeah. But we see we have to tune out when you talk stuff like this one. You know what? Go ahead. It's a free country. I love those people. Yeah, when you love your show, Neil, when you start getting on that religious kick, yeah, that's when it shows great. You're right. That's why I really make a lot of sense because nobody else will tell you this crap. Nobody will tell you the truth. They'll feed you a lot of horse crap, a lot of horse manure. That's the, but the media is all about. It's feeding the public, paddleman horse manure. Oh, the good Lord's love there. Look at that. Yeah, that crap. He's looking down on us. This one's for you. Maybe up there in the sky. I thought there is somewhere. Ah. I mean, you know what you, if you, if you want to live your life on that, level be my guest. I'm not condemning you all. I'm doing his offering an alternative opinion in my approach to the way life really is. It's a lot easier. It's a lot easier than burning yourself with all the entrappings of this horse crap. Two open lines in day five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the old AT&T. Why does line? Here's a poppin. Hello. And, good. I agree with that guy. Whole heartily about the Larry King show last. Oh, my God. It was actually suck Linda trips big fats, Molly, but. And the caller that we're coming in. I was flipping back and forth between that and something else. The callers that were coming in were just so complimentary to her. There must have been screening the name calls. All right. They must have all I've been doing this long time. Yeah, right. Yeah. Well, it looks so so. Oh, it was disgusting. I mean, it was disgusting to look at her to begin with. Right. And he was her and him together. What a match that is. Oh, that's a tag team. But they hear her justifying herself saying, I still like Monica. I wish she wasn't lying. Still I wish you would come out and tell the truth. She's saying how she knows that she's on the Democrats hit list and stuff like that. Well, honey, major on bed. You know, I never met a guest. He wouldn't suck up to this man. I he is the world's beyond a shadow. There'll be the promo on CNN. The world's number one. Pemos suck hole. Larry King. Let me tell you. Yeah. I know argument there last time I had called you about something on television. I said, you know, I wish I had your home number. I would have called you last night. You missed something else besides Larry King that was on a hit plot. Did I know you would like to have watched. I said, I wish I had a news number. Yeah. Arts and entertainment did a biography on Elizabeth Montgomery. I think I've seen that. No, I thought it was new. I thought it was new. It was really nice. You're the very loved one. I loved one. Montgomery. She not feeling the bad. Well, true. I was on the go call. I was on hold wall and his wife is wife called in. Right. You had a tape. Not the one that you just played. But you had a tape of it's something like a spanica. Right. I really had somewhere. I was looking for that. But I all find it. I'll look at who did that one there. One of his listeners. They were both listeners. Oh, okay. In conclusion, may I please call someone to do some. Mr. Okay. And this is something that you. I think you agree on because you always thought about them. The fun Sentinel and the Miami Hill sports department. I tried to get I got called them both a bunch of douche bags. I tried to get them out for weeks to cover an event that this athletic team I was involved with. I was doing it was a big tournament instead of reading about who's getting millions of dollars to find with what team who's getting busted. Who's shooting who no they can't come out and do something. They're not there. They don't give a crap. Don't understand. They have all their own priorities. And if it's not something they're into, they couldn't kill us. I hear you from now on. I'm advertising on the Neil gosh show. All right. See you.