Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Martyrdale presents the Neil Rosser-U, Ritotineel, 960-560 toll free for dated Broward, or count 560 on your cell bar. Oh! The opinions of Neil is guest-coller's. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions for the measly brotherhood. And now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560 QAM. Why do you bless Bill? The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rifle Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful. You're pretty damn depressed. But, as usual, with every crowd, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare their shit out of people, intimidate them, and giving you whatever you want. That's right, handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? Drop a bank. Don't have enough money for Peter. All the convenience chips and friends will wire in. It's all free. You've got a handguns. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. The simple solution of life's complex process. Why have to do is wait the five days for it, and happiness is just around the corner. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares? By the dancing of the street, just sigh a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out if he considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make it fake. Hey, hey. So here's what luck that I did today. It's this because celebrity guests of salesman's part of two. Some could find out that Jerry Sarder and Lee Coupler done on the second floor of the sales office were showing little, really conscious of each other, and it's a great period of water not seeing it in, screw it in, the great amount. Two bad with the man. Roll! Who's done it? He did chase the rest out of there. It's a one big sparse in there. He'll take care of it. So I thought Lee and Gerby are busy. He's busy. That's a good point. We just had these great, great, and lots of everyone's amazement, including mine. And how about that election, huh? Yeah. Woo! Nice gone, guys. Best part of the whole deal is, here's one that couldn't steal because it wasn't even close. Not even close enough for them to be able to, well, you know, we just found these 200 votes over here, and 150, sorry. It could have worked. 25. 35. 35. 32% said yes, and 68% said, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, yeah. Mayor Penalis, remember the guy called a couple of days ago with that line? Now that that was fixed perfectly with T, Mayor Penalis. No more pro-pennie park, no more, taking your hand in your pocket. And all you bus writers out there that thinks that you're going to get a free ride to you, okay? Getting sick and tired of that crap. Everybody looking for a free ride. Get with the program. Okay, if you can't afford to live here, move to like Tuscalooser, something like that. So anyway, getting back before we had talked more about that at much length. And you know, some people would say, why, you know, you wasted two and a half shows on this, a bang in a way, you know, something, I don't want to say I had a lot to do with the upcoming election. But I got some of you bastards off your ass yesterday. 135 degrees in the shade, and we get almost a 30% turnout for a fantom election on the 29th of July. What half of the town is out of town anyway? So if I had even some tiny little bit to do with it, I can say is, I'm good. Nice going, Neil. Thank you. And then I get home yesterday. What am I watching on the news? But another one of these deals. That's the American fucking way. That's right. Another crazy guy who they couldn't nail six years ago, and he's, you know, I haven't only killed his first wife and another one law. Well, I asked him a couple of questions. He didn't want to take a lie. He texted, says, and they said, OK. And what a treat to watch the history. You know, I'm flipping all around last night to get the election. Returns, and of course, the seven comes on before anybody. I tend to clock with a real newscast. And after they finished 15 minutes of hypervettelating, they had the misanders up there in Atlanta, by the way. He was the first one to fly up because he didn't need a plane. But in any way, he was the first one up there in their hypervettelated and of course, Ricky Tickey is going bananas on this thing and giving all kinds of misinformation. Well, bad day of the stock market cause this bad, the lose control. It just blow everybody. How come a bad day in a stock market? If he killed his wife on Tuesday and the two kids on Wednesday, which they're now saying based on Nocey left, what did the bad day in the stock? Maybe he just put him right over the edge totally. Is that it? Maybe he just sealed everybody's face. And what I'm really confused about is, oh, and now we're back to it again. But they're not quite as hysterical. You notice that only 12 people got killed, 12 innocent people, probably all 12 more really nice good people to, you know, decent people, not to mention, of course, the wife and his two kids and not to mention the previous wife and her mother-in-law, who may have been okay six years ago. So there's 14 people, plus some of the other ones that are still fighting for their lives in hospital. Didn't quite get to play the decantity thing God. That went on for like nine or ten days and there's still some more crap going on about that. Seems just like an ordinary guy, this Mark Barton guy. But they just, you know, this is the way it is. We got crazy people that they can't convict. Just like they think they had on 48 hours a few nights ago about the guy that killed 13 ages in Texas. And then the state of Texas because they're so overcrowded with the prisons, probably with all those marijuana people, and other dangerous. They mandated that they let a whole bunch of people on a jail. So they said, oh, well, let's let him out to, we only killed 13 ages. And they let him out to kill all those young women. And now here's a guy that evidently killed the, his wife and her mother to six, five, whatever was a few years ago. Who's counting now? You know, when everybody's having a good time, I would just can't put him away. Just like Ted Bundy, he kept hopping out the window, hopping through the ceiling. There he goes again. Ha ha ha ha. We do a great job, a law enforcement in this country. Baby, right? All right, doing it. Crazy people. And then Abra said, well, I never stole a freight train. He seemed okay to, who I, so the good news is that the voters find a spoke here and saw a phone to the bad news is this country stole a slaughterhouse and everybody's phony to this range. Can't go to school. They can't go to work at the brokerage office. You can't go anywhere because we've got a bunch of crazy people with guns, but don't give me started on that again. Because you just can't, you can't fight the white or hop along Cassidy, Gabby Hayes mentality. Just can't fight it. The Jesse James mentality, baby. It's a person, an apple pie. We got to write that Margargons. Don't mess with our guns. Because when a rogue government comes in, yeah. So anyway, it's nice going as Mayor penis takes it right up the old proverbial act of yesterday. And it's a good thing that it wasn't even close to because I would have felt the really cheat and I would have felt hurt badly. I heard Hank say yesterday that he likes those short shows or nearly I do too. I love the short shows. In fact, a half hour today wouldn't bother me at all. But on yesterday with the one day, I thought we really as a pubic service needed to be here the whole four hours thank goodness we didn't because what a great Marlon game yesterday, huh? 12 to 1. Wait to just see the numbers for that. Oh, and a few minutes by the way, speaking of numbers, we're going to have those 10 a.m. to 2 p.m numbers. So we can sit here and flagulate ourselves over that again. And say, God, are we great? Man, are we kicking us? Even with that real crappy April that we had, God, are we kicking some serious ass in this otherwise deadly town? I hear that pretty good is the rumor I'm hearing. Ten a.m. the 2 p.m. and we'll all do respect to my. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha We're on the 2 to 3 hour net. That is the, not our deal, okay? We're on 10 to 2 just like he's on to the 6, not 3 to 7. Published this trust played major role. No kidding, huh? No crap. And now they're going to have to like embark on their less ambitious $7 billion transportation plan that focuses more on road construction and public transit because guess what is a driving town and everybody here wants to drive. They will not surrender their automobiles under any circumstances as if doing that would accomplish anything anyway. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil, yes sir. How you doing today? Great. Never been better, pal. Fantastic. Happy Friday. Listen, you did a great public service for Miami the last two days. Campaning against this crap. One cent crap and you did an outstanding job. Yeah. And nobody can say otherwise how much money did Mayor Penelis, and on campaigning for this crap to try to get this thing pushed and thank God that everybody came to their senses and actually showed up and voted no. Yeah, like Carl Heisen said a million dollars of special interest money. He got that in about five minutes to put all his ads on their all-out propaganda and anybody's well-off-plushed it down the toilet for all the good of it. Maybe I'll do no time because all those guys were standing there just rubbing our hands together waiting for the fallout. That's right. That's right. But you did a great job, Neil, and I appreciate it. And I'm sure that a lot of people here in Miami appreciate it also. Thanks a lot. You have a good one. And back to you. Have a great weekend. All right. You do. I'm blessed me. God bless me. There you go. Neil, God. I said I want to pat myself on the back but nobody else will. Nice going Norman, braiding by the way in Richard Friedman and Dave Slater and everybody else's special Norman Braiman's and he came up with the money. Of course, we know Mayor Pena says anybody with money is a bad guy unless it's somebody on his side, unless it's Mickey Erison and his billions of dollars. Very jackass, by the way. He must, you know something I wouldn't be surprised that he's got a little something going with Joseph Gackie. Yeah. The two of them seem to be pretty tight based on the column of very jackass that got his money. The chipmunk? The Miami-Herald chipmunk? I wonder if they throw nuts to him, you know, when he comes in to tap out his little column because God only knows it would be the first ones here or so. Until a year ago, John Henry approached speaking with the media with the enthusiasm on their going a route canal. But now next caller, John Henry online too. John Henry is in the past month called the Eddie Kaplan Show twice. Maybe for some tips. And the Joseph Gackie show once. That must have been the day that Joe was filling in for a hike. Of course, Wayne Henry wouldn't call Hank because he's stiff in that time. He's supposed to need him at Pennyless Stadium. This goes to Gackie business. This to me is one of the most amazing things in the history of this town. I have never in my life encountered a dollar less meaningful human being in my life than Joseph. What is it? Ha ha ha ha. He can't even get the whole thing out. Wow. And yet, there are people here who are obsessed. I think it's those naked pictures he's got a Hank in that Billy goat. I'm sure that's got to be it. Because Hank is too smart for that. He wouldn't hang around with a puddle like Joseph Gackie. Unless there was a reason for it. And then even blocked this morning was saying, oh yeah, well, Joe told me this. What does that mean? What does it? What does he mean? Anyway, it's a great day for the Irish congratulations to us. If we once again saved ourselves from more corruption and billions of dollars in waste being fleshed down the toilet so we can use it for maybe something instructive. Like collecting some real people in this town around a bunch of liars and thieves. What's going to work? It's evolved from then. Hello, you have reached Dickie's Workers Choice Catalog and Information One. To speak with a representative or if you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line. Thank you. Transferring to an operator. Please wait. Please wait. Dickie's customer service. This is Louis and he'll help you. Yeah, my Louis and I. Hi. You like Dickie's? Sure. I guess a lot of women do, huh? I believe so. My woman says she loves the Dickies. I see. She likes a lot of, you know, and understands I'm gay guys like Dickies. Well, I'm really not happy. Yeah, I don't know what's the thought about that. What's the biggest Dickies you've seen? Well, sir, we go to a 72-way. Oh my God. You like little Dickies too. Sir, I think my girl basically likes big Dickies. Well, is there a point to this conversation, sir? Yeah, just so I get to say Dickie a lot on the phone. Yeah. Were you wanting to apply for the order, sir? For what? For clothing. What? I want to talk about Dickies. Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing. Well, and Dickie, Dickie. Yeah. Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this. I'm not like Dickies and a lot of women like Dickies. Sir, I'm going to disconnect. No, when you're talking about Dickies. 16 at 560, WXU, and we got these numbers from 10 to 2, these ratings, which of course are of no interest to the audience, but they kill a lot of good time. And we're real excited about it. Oh, God, are they great? Including the Hispanic thing there. Men 25 to 54, Hispanic. Number one, WXU from 10 to 2, pay him under to Friday. WXU and with an 8.5 share, beating out WXDJ, WCMQ FM, power 96, Rario, Ritmo, Rario, Amor, and all the other, no speaking English stations. In 25, 54, Hispanic, or number one, God damn it. Oh, and spite of all the other bull crap. And you want to know why? Because the majority of the Julios out there, they're not busy. You block an traffic number one. And number two, they're not on their plane dominoes in dominoe park. Maybe with each other, they're playing, but what's wrong with that? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. Good morning. How are you? Great. Congratulations. What a public service you've done for you. We're all right. Hopefully I'd nothing to do with it. But nevertheless, at least I got some people off the ranch. See, they were counting on a real measly crappy turnout. You know, it'll get maybe 10, 11% out. And if they could just get their people, you know, put them on the buses and get all of their paid people out there. They figured they could put it over on the public. 30% almost showed up. Shocked, they held out of them. I'd be a sure must, Evan. I'm going to tell you something. You really did a public service over the airwaves. Yeah. And over the media, without a doubt. Very quickly, yesterday went to vote and voted on the, no, voted, no. Number 71, by the way. Was the little hole that one would punch? And sticking to 71. Dick and then 71. Neil, let me tell you something. Very fine. Sorry, I couldn't even always say. They were really, really speculars looking for ID. Yeah. Sure that everybody had, you know, a picture identification, like a Florida driver's license. Very funny though when it comes to sign. And the election commission should take note of anyone's listening and then the 21 cares. They made you sign your name with a pencil. Now, we're in hell. It's an available pencil. And well, let me tell you something. Where in the name of heaven's to you? I know legal document with 10. Now they said that David Lee, he called Rick and Spudius that a morning and they were asking him about that. They put his feet to the fire and I was going guys. And anyway, he said the reason they don't give pen to because people steal them. So I guess they never heard, you know, how like when you go into a bank or you go into the airport and they give you a pen to sign a thing. It's connected with like a thing with like a little string or a little middle bead thing. It's connected to the desk. I guess that's too difficult for them to figure out. I carry a pen with me every time, you know, I'm during normal business hours. Yeah. Hold by 10 out of my pocket because I said, no, okay, I know that. Oh, she don't do that. There you go. So everybody was signing with a pencil. Nice going sir. Good for thought. Good job Neil. Thank you so much. Take care of yourself. Go and vote again to the next. Just for the. Okay. Thank you now. Just to make sure they don't change their mind. Oh, guess what? We just found it was backwards 68% wanted it. Now, I don't want to say that they're a little bit upset about this because the mayor pretended to act very gracious yesterday. Mayor of Pinga. But the rumor is that I'm here this morning. Tools are going to be 10 bucks on those four toolbox this weekend. Oh, all week all year. Not that they're testing about it or pissed off, but they just want to make sure you never try to pull this crap on and again. Okay. So the tools are going to be 20 bucks and really tie up crap. In fact, instead of the old Cuban's going to go out in the highways and block traffic this weekend, I think that politicians are going to do it. Oh, what a prospect that would be, huh? How do you like to get some of these politicians? You know, what I'm going to mention, Mayor of Steerheim or some of the others, or Mayor for where you talk side of the side of his mouth, out of both sides of his mouth and is is a black dome. Yeah. How do you like to have them out there trying to block a traffic in the highway, huh? Why should have a trouble finding that break pedal? Oops, sorry. I missed. Here's the Carl Springs. Hello. Neil, how are you? Pretty good, sir. I had a couple of points. First, I don't mean to change the topic on you. But anything you want, we don't have any this thing is over. You know, whatever these people want. Yeah, what is the correct clearance for a good call or man, whether it's TV or radio? Good call or demand? Good, probably, I'd not be too dark, I would think. I think so. But what I mean is, number one to have some kind of a personality, and number two, maybe to have some experience in playing the game. Not necessarily, but it might help. Somebody who can lend some insight and make it interesting and exciting, like you know who. Yeah. Like him. Right. Well, he's a good example, but right. So is a gacky on the street? There's a gacky socks, okay. Okay. That's exactly what he's the most boring individual in the history of this market and boy, that takes in a lot of territory. And yet there are certain people. Of course, you got to understand very jackass. Nobody else will speak to him anymore anyhow. So who else is he going to talk to? What a miserable prick. Yeah, exactly. Anyway, I played golf with your good close personal friend, Jeff Remiester. Yeah. And Jeff hit a ball so far to the left on one of the holes and it landed in some bushes. And when we got over to the to the find the ball, there's a dead bird there. Yeah. Jeff did have a birdie and I just thought I'd tell that. Yeah, I heard about all of his T-shirts. They stopped. Yeah. Exactly. Okay. Have a great day, Tom. So Remi was actually found somebody to play golf for the month. This guy must have paid the fees. Five, six, seven, five. What do you laugh at about? He's a good guy. Just happened to be a little frifty. That's all. That's the word for it. You want to say cheap frifty. You're sitting for a rainy day. They stopped. Yeah. Just like very jackass is columns. All of them. No matter which ones you raise. They can't take away the money. They're a real fast based pud-wacking puts. Persons, 12 plus. Look at this 10 a.m. The 2 p.m. We're number two, damn it. Why are we going to do about WLIF? You know, all the years that I've been on the Ernest Town with all the great rating success that I've had always had a suck wind with that damn L-Y-F. Life. And if you believe this, wait, did you hear this? I'm going to show you how bogus these numbers are. Except mine, of course, which we know, they should be a little higher. But no seriously, just like that Y-100 thing that I can't get a contender to the afternoon. They're number one and men 2554. Y-100. Are you serious? But anyway, where is that one stat? About number. Yeah. Here we go. Men 18 to 24. We're number time number six, which is pretty good. That's not our demographic. Not bad. And the old. Thank you. But just ahead of us, it's number five. It's W-L-Y-F-S-F-N. How many guys do you know between the age of 18 and 24 who listen to life's F-N? Is there anybody in their right mind who ever heard of a 18 to 24-year-old guy? Man. And you know something if I were 18 to 24, listen to life, I would never admit it. So you people up there at Bellsville, thanks to the nice numbers. If you could have found our audience in April, they would have really been spectacular. Although they're not too shabby, I'll tell you that. Because for example, in person's 18 to 34, wait till you hear this. Power 96 has got a 10.7-year on his show. They don't got a 9.2-year. So between power and this show, between 10 A and 2 P.M. We have 20% of the 18 to 34 audience every day. One out of every five men between 18 and 34 is listening either the power or the show. Every single distinct stick in day between 10 and 2. And then I can't see it better. Like 25 to 54, we have a 10.8-year, not bad. Number one by about 100 miles. But like I said, the Hispanic thing is pretty interesting. And the Anana Hispanic, the white and Anana Hispanic, we're number one with a 15.1-year just ahead of big and kiss and a way ahead of wins in the Zeta, et cetera. Now, Schwarz is, we're not doing too great there. 25 to 54, black men, EDR is number one. What is that? 20.7 and Hot is got 19.4. So between two of them, there's 40% of the 25 to 54-year-olds farce is in this town. They're all listening to Schwarz in music. What a surprise that is. Then waves. What can somebody tell me what that is? Is that the Haitian station? WAVS? I think that's the Haitian station. Isn't it? It's the... Yeah, something like that. Then love 94. Love 94. They'd be listening to jazz. And then Y100, and then us number six. We're number six in 2554, Schwarz, and we got to do a lot better than that. We got to get all the brothers out there and the mothers. That's what we need. We got a few mothers. Have you ever heard of this show? Here's Miami, hello. Anyhow, what's up? How you doing, sir? 29 year-old Julio, Skip Domino, let's skip the cockfighting and I went out and voted no. All right. I feel like we accomplished something. Yeah, so many times and years that I've been here, I've been on the right side of elections, but it never came out. You know, they always managed to fix it the other way. Just like the first venture reelection. And this time it feels so much better to be on the landslide winning side. I'm telling you, you're the man. I mean, you're the one who really convinced you. You're the one who's putting me over that line. I mean, it's other than the fact that I don't want to take any more money out of my wallet. Right. And even though that's not that bad, I just don't want another hundred buses on the highway, menacing, you know, anything car drivers anymore. Yeah, they were worried about those buses. What about all these jittneys they haven't date County with the Zeele... illegal aliens that just came off a rubber raf comer that are driving these things and then dangering everybody's life and driving up on the curb. What about those? How about those? How about those? The missiles off the road. Right. We ought to, you know, we ought to lie them down in the middle of a road and make them. I don't know. And that's a lot of traffic, briefly. The only thing that's really messed up now is that, you know, Mayor Pingu is back there trying to scratch up a new plan to screw the public out of more money. I got you. You know what this was? This wasn't just an order of penny sales tax. This was a gigantic... Yeah, I feel back for the Luleos today, who cares? Anyone else? They don't trust me, they're all on their same hay screw hand. Hey, Pingu with Pingu. There you go. Take it easy. I'm going sir. Yeah, I had a lot of you people off your ass yesterday and of course, like I said, Norman Braiman, there was the guy with the money and Richard Friedman and Dave Slater, those were the guys that started bringing this to everybody's attention in the first place and keeping their eye on all this bogus crap that was going on. All the pressureing for people to vote, yes, on this thing. From all the folks who thought they were going to get like a little hand out. That's always the first sign you should know. There's a good lesson for you that something is bogus. When they have to start throwing out all kinds of little goodies to this group, but that group to try to sell it to the public, that means it can't stand on its own merits. When they have to try to buy off everybody with a little something for you with FIU. It'll show you some people who know some of them for Miss Warhammer. Sorry, you lose. Go get it someplace else in the money too. I think we're out the more on my. I think I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. When that's not good now, we have two frozen diamonds. What are you doing? I love the three-centration of string chance on my pie. It's like a little bit of big chance I think don't think just nice. Yeah. I think they're close off and not dancing in the island. Well, I know they like good things and I put it all in place in my pile. If I pull the ring and die every day, I'll resign. Try to win the ball, go and win my hands and play. Try to win a bit more, go and win the game. I'll come from the other side. This game can't be the win. Try to win the ball, go and win the ball. I'll come from the other side. There she goes. That's Riki. 1032 at 560 WCM side. We're all in this great mood that I'm most of us. But the bad news is that we didn't realize don't forget about this. Now the gloom in Doom City because the hero told us two days ago that if this thing gets beat, if this thing gets pounded in the ground, like 68 to 32% of the people say and like they did yesterday, the business climate deteriorates. The economy declines. The tax base withers. Oh, poverty worsens. If part of this once vibrate community take on the look of it and feel of a third world backwater. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That's going to happen like by Monday. Okay, over the weekend, when you wake up on Monday, all of those things will be existing. Okay. Of course they already were before yesterday, but don't confuse the bastards that they don't get out too much. Here's Kendall. Yeah, Neil, you're absolutely right. That effect was retroactive about the third world country and all of them. First of all, congratulations on your numbers and thanks for the effort and just, you know, getting out the people that just say no to the new tax and everything. I write the hero this morning. I think that the opinion page is in this place. It should be at the very first page, you know, at the top of that first page. Everything in there, I think is an opinion. Oh, sure. Well, they've always done that. The editorial pages wherever they feel like it. Right, exactly. Page one. So anyway, so today in the paper, it says that about the cost, how much each side, you know, spent on the campaign against and for the tax. Right. The mayor, side, spent $1.8 million. Well, me $6,000. Yeah. And the brain and side. $1,999,000. Right. So there you go. And if there's another example of the efficiency of county government, there it is. And the way that $1.8 or $9 million, whatever was, I guarantee it would all the homeless people we got. They would have bought a lot of meals for starving people in this town. Exactly. Exactly. And also in the paper, they say that now that the taxes has been defeated, you can expect more tolls to go up. Well, they didn't mention that those were already planned. Right. That's right. And the ones that were supposed to go away, we're going to come back anyway. Exactly. So anyway, thanks once again, and congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. Have a great week. Thanks to all of us, all kinds of people when I met you a couple of sports is even voted. No, yes, do you think so? No. Well, maybe one that woman had called us. 560, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, maybe he came home from home from home and died. Yes, he died, if he knew he was gone from home from home, oh, yes, it is well for that day. Oh, again, if he knew… I wish, could. Now you have to get cool for them! You know, this is what I've ever liked before, I was saying to myself, that being a radical the same thing, and his laughter. ego trip they keep spending millions and millions of dollars especially guys like Forbes other on money just you know so you get a little publicity and squeeze themselves a couple of times they're all g on famous you know by the way how's the Forbes daddy doing here's a lady in Miami hello lady in Miami hello me yes man congratulations thank you thank you you did a wonderful service yes I did get in people got one vote and I'm very glad it was found needed to see did right and I think you I want to congratulate you on your numbers you are the best thing on that radio you on Jim Mandage me that's there you got it yeah me and a man dog definitely what does the other people are hopeless we did the last crowd that message I'm the lady who left the message oh I was a great message thank you so much that was wonderful well I mean you know and of course you know it didn't do any good because the right we are the most important stuff on this station is that sports crap that they got on twenty hours a day you know nothing in the stand sits still if they were having nuclear war the Marlon game would still have to go on and I didn't 12 or one who in the right mind listen to that crap I bet you're by the last couple of things so that game you could have put the entire audience that we had listening to a phone booth and I'd room left over for the Chinese army I agree with you it ourselves department I mean but they don't pre-empt the great talent like you that's right they got some freaking their bubble next time they want to do a sense there's going to be no election be my guest okay nice job smart and give Greg our regards we don't do what's okay what's for get that Greg I've said you want to wait till he sees these ten to two numbers he'll have a finger on that same hole in his head five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line like I said just this one time doesn't feel real good you want to kind of squeeze yourself or maybe somebody else to be on the winning side and at landslide where we just finally said stop the crap already okay nobody believes you silly people that Maurice for a while watching talk out of like John Crutch in at the Canadian that frog you know talking out of the corner of his post who the hell are you kid and Maurice Porter Reak in phony trying to pretend to be a Cuban who you can humans wouldn't touch you and even a Porter Reak into the quantity party huh maybe even pretend to be of an as well and I don't think they want to all it by the way let's start taking care of the Colombian I don't damn it I think it's a virus like what's wrong with a Colombian they have to be a very beautiful people with very nice olive skin huh I mean I'm not impressed by the way people look am I I mean is that the only thing yeah oh seriously how are those Colombians that under saying hey listen if we go back there we're finitio so let's start taking care of our Colombian friends and maybe we can be number one of Colombians in a spoke too not that we painted to anybody here but why the homo that's never too late to start we know we know it'll come over lunch today oh thank god for that why it's to do it have a major celebration on these tended to rating oh big election yesterday just an hour just a phenomenal week here at this place in this joint I feel like finally for the first time in my life I accomplished something besides somebody calling up this show so prime is a douchebag you know finally after 23 years we accomplished something I bet you're at least eight or nine votes out there yesterday against that piece of crap that's 43 or five sixty wqm here's my close personal friend Dave Slater congratulations sir thank you very much you know your name was brought up last night at the Amaria day landward we're just we're gonna I both thank you immensely we had a nice crowd there unfortunately something to me you didn't show up really oh yeah four six and ten never showed up why that I have no idea and it kind of a shock us and the you know the folks there who came to celebrate the victory and also to make the plans for the future you know in the channel 23 was their channels there the Miami-Hero bill label Harold and the sun sent an old one right so it was it was great but it was you know as like even like Norman Brahmers said it's a victory but now when you know we're not gonna go bashing anybody but guess what we're gonna do we're gonna start planning to fix these roads we're gonna get rid of the toll clauses we're gonna get rid of the express weight authority and we're gonna improve the roads to the folks and we're not gonna do with any sales taxes right and that's the bottom line I think and if they would have been thinking about these things for last 15 and 20 years instead of looking for more ways to tax the public we could already be well on our way to doing that now I know for 20 years I watched over the roads and just watched the basement and you've been saying it on the air and I was saying what's sandy painting would make ordinary when I was doing a traffic I kept saying the mistakes there would be me and you know everyone thought you know we would you know a lot of hot air but you've been on the money rich has been on the money for 20 years that peace that I I Xemens did you know with a you know in channel oh yeah you know something I'm glad you reminded me of that you know I'm not a big I Xemens fan but every now and then he or reverts back to his what he did 20 years ago at NBC he did a great piece yesterday with Merit Steerham is that the one you're talking about and I you know that to me if I it too bad it was not a couple of days before it had been 90 percent again because when this guy's got the gall to talk about well you know that thing as it turns out the population wasn't growing in the areas where we built this thing and if I had my brothers looking back now I would have run it right up 95 but elected the airport well as an accurate here's the guy that helped sell it to the public back in 1979 and 80 and now here we are 20 years later he said well we screwed up it doesn't go anywhere and and the vote really was against all the corruption and all of you all the misfeasus mouthfeasus the $8,000 toilet seats right all these fiascos we've had in the past 20 years and everybody who voted those said that's what they did it for but they said we do have a traffic problem and it's like you said the world was not going to come to an end all of a sudden tomorrow we're not going to have major gridlock some of the problems which you know we've been talking about I've been talking about for years and I haven't been California we pay all these taxes to the state in LA San Francisco they have special patrols so when you have an accident like I 95 doesn't fit if it two hours they take these machines and they shove the cars off the road and they get the rate lanes open immediately we don't we don't have things like that there's so many other ideas and alternatives and that's the big thing you know people's you know some people say well you know we're not going to get the roads now let me tell you something you got a planet and even Mayor Penelis said we're going to have to find some alternatives we've been saying that for months since this plan came out there are other alternatives besides sales taxes and like I said the world is not going to come to an end we're going to get it done and we're getting done the proper way and guess we're also going to have more citizen involvement yeah absolutely before was was said last night all these lines that were put up that Danny Alvarez pointed out need there was never a public hearing to discuss where these routes are going to be or you're getting a reason why he used the same routes that I showed in the 1974 Miami Harold when I was doing the debates in the last couple weeks we had Richard and we had Norman Braven there the biggest thing I let up to is when I discussed the out you know the routes would have a red and with Mayor Farey and I said yeah we're going to have a line here we're going to have a line there I opened up like Moses with the tablets the two Miami Harold ages 1974 and I said ladies and gentlemen the map the Danny Alvarez just showed you here it is 20 years ago and I would miss to have a resident say any comment he sat there and couldn't say a word yeah and these things yeah it's like I've seen when I sure to run those only have to do is just run those replays and the debates that's it we're going to be a little bit more over the time maybe percent yeah so you know the mayor you know had a lot of guts to do what he had to do you know that's his problem but we still have a problem and we're you know we're not going to know bash him we can fix it we're going to get more public involved and less of really officials and less of the $8000 toilet seats and we would people like you because you would a most vigilant on any old media that the wasn't for you getting out and wasn't for those last weeks and Norman Brahmins you radio ads we could have lost yeah but I want to thank you and I know Richard Bobby thank you and we thank all the people in the day county okay congratulations thank you my scone okay there you go so we got a problem here but they had to screw it up way because they had all their friends in the construction business all you know robbing her hands to get it oh this is the way we're going to solve it no they weren't and by the way don't forget Carl Huyeson and a great column in the Harold too that was the the most intelligent thing that was written in all of the media last several weeks the testing has been going on he told it exactly the way it was 100 million dollars a mile for more trained and aware that nobody's going to ride ain't going to happen no here's the rail hello the rail I'll see it's that sticky button again I'm going to take this phone before the day is out and keep six it let's try now the rail hello sorry about that all of the American along here all right thank you you did a great public service just a couple of comments I've noted yesterday's campaign was one of a massive misinformation I mean it just incredible the crap that was being spewed up there and I'm glad people could see you know between the lines you know something I think that the best thing that he did near penniless is when they a couple of weeks ago when they purposely uh... voiced in the 25th and increased on the tool booth and created all the chaos got everybody all pissed off and then you know initially there were some people saying okay well give me the one percent or two percent whatever you want we can't stand is but then is they realized that this was all being done intentionally and he was stupid enough to come in a media and say oh well I hope that this first rates enough that they'll go yes they're saying hey what kind of crap is this you're making things a hundred times worse than they were intentionally and we'll be right and uh... the one part of the thing that I read into this is just a little thing to a value on the that they were saying yeah they were waiting for you know they say no there's the vote was coming in and they say no this has to be the angle of the angle of the because it was uh... against it was uh... the nose coming in uh... a lot more than the yes and then we can't wait for the Hispanic uh... precincts come in little day no that was included and the guy was dumb sound that one you know the more people's command they didn't put the period after the dumb part yeah and it got bigger and bigger and bigger for the know and a guy didn't know what to say could believe it he was waiting for the for the uh... people's well you see those assholes on radio mom being some those other stations they think that they can manipulate the entire Hispanic community hearing that you people are just going to want to whatever they say no matter how ridiculous it is and it's only those you know two three hundred people are still playing dominoes and domino park those are the only ones that pay any attention that crap there was so great to see the block and his face is he didn't know what to say and that one more thing how to be all important all of multi-tounded book you know which.'s productjinn's however greater quote up I like to do a simple as I think I might come back alive maybe, but hey five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line everybody's you for today maybe and some of those people that thought that they were going to pull the wall over the ice and just scared the living crap out of the public and frustrate them and doing something that made absolutely no sense whatsoever. Surprise you lose. I love the part of the hero article where it says the mayor who's staked his political reputation on this issue suffered a desperate the horrendous personal defeat. You know lying about that Nicky Harrison the elected exactly healthy you know I'm saying Mr. Mayor Penaless Mayor Pena didn't help too much because your credibility on a scale of zero is minus infinity. Tired of all the lies the old and you know something was great I think it was very beneficial that the old hacks like Maurice for Ray and Merit's Dearheim were behind this and were very prominent though they all every time you had to see their post immediately that word just kept reverberating through your mind every time you saw them more lies oh it's great that we got to drug money here with their gun and I was going to reach what he got in that briefcase. You've phony even then the four weekends by the way upset that I keep mentioning that they don't want any part of him they have a defrocked him. Here's a mobile in pop in a hello. Hey Neil yes sir. Good morning. Hi congratulations I'm doing a good service which did last couple weeks. Thank you well I realize it's not a Marlon game but it's supposed to be can do here between ten and two. And this phone is found just cracked out. 5605050 5050 5050 I probably just got cut off by John Henry. John Henry's probably got to disconnect your phone if you say anything bad about the Marlon's even of its true. Discrete you know I mean sport is fine we're making some nice money on this station we just had a great book that's great I mean it's a miracle to me that's people can listen to some of the crap that goes on on this station but never to let that's fine because the wall and us together whether we like it or not. But the sports nerds out there the ones you know I'm looking they showed yesterday on the sports last night they show all these people with a dolphin breakfast yesterday and I'm asking myself I wonder how many of those people went out and voted today who live in Dave County you know what I'm saying. Oh I'm voted for what you're not well man you're next you know good delays you up and get no way. Here's a coral spring solo. Yes sir congratulations on the great numbers. Thank you. And you catch the concrete show after I. Yeah. It was good the only thing was a lot of those segments were from old shows in the comedy channel but nevertheless they're still great. I love them all where he laid down on the ground and pretended to be there. And they just got up and walked away it was great. That's pretty funny. And then when we painted his post house. Yeah. He played. See where he does worms at the end. Yeah what is that thing? That's not like anything in his mouth that's the bro. He's there got no problem at all. He looks like he was liking it too. He did. And then he shoved the banana there too. Thank you player you should have the effort song. Okay. Are you next to him? 560 50560 pound 560 on a mobile one line here on a great Friday if today when he can actually reach down and feel something I'd be like that which is usually illegal in these parts. At least those parts here's a mobile and west palm beach. Hello. See again this I'm destroying getting that hatchet. The one that the guy up there in Georgia the one they used in Alabama to kill the first wife in the mother and I'm getting that hatchet in bust of this phone up. Here's a mobile and west palm hello. Neil I greatly apologize for crap and out on you. Um, anyways. I was telling you I was in a bro accounting. Yeah. Don't quit out. Yeah. I was a little bro. I was so I wanted to see how the turnout was going. Yeah. So unfortunately I flipped over at and a clock to that channel. Seven news. Right. So called news. And 15 minutes. I was talking about it last. That's right. 15 minutes. Two. We got a very important very controversial election here in town and they take 15 minutes. I mean granted there was a big story and it was a horrendous story. But it didn't happen anywhere near here. It doesn't affect us in any way shape or form. The first story should have been the election story. Because they make about 15 minutes so we get to that. Correct. And then go to the Atlanta story. You know, I'm sorry. What happened up there. But anyway, and during that. But don't forget a channel seven sort of it bleeds it leads and it bled a lot. So they had a, you know, kill a lot of good time with them. I know. But that girl that's next to Rick. She says, repeat young professionals. What kind of people were that were killed? I was like, oh, God. But anyways, you know, you're just, you're just, you're just, you're just, you're just me up, man. Yeah. You've, but addicted to that. But you had to understand that young professionals are much more important than just every day. You know, like, laid down. Like, right. I know how you are about children and sugar. But unfortunately, my daughter is now addicted to fish food. Oh, which is a good thing. Because that's all she wants now. And another thing that you turned me on to that I watched last night was that Tom Green Show. I heard you talking about it. I died laughing. It's something new and refreshing to me. I thought it was hilarious. That's your on TV. Did you watch it? Sure. I watched it religiously. What he painted is parent house. Yeah. It was a great show. And did you know how he sat on the edge of that building? And I'm terrified of heights. I've got this thing about heights. And he was sitting on the edge of that. And that wasn't a phony up either. He was sitting on the edge of that sky. That's great for it. Right. That was funny. We've long like over the edge. Have a great day, Bill. Inclose it. Can I hear smoke to join for MAPIS? OK. Thanks. OK. What do we got to get for it and say, let's make it all request for it. I don't feel some good time. Oh. Oh. Oh. That's the only word that is referred to as the F word. It's the one magical word. Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate, and love as most words in the English language is derived from German. The word, three-hand which means to strike. In English, f*** falls into many grammatical categories as a transit of verb, for instance, John F*** surely. His meaning is not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective, such as John's doing all the f***ing work as part of an adverb, surely talks to f***ing much. As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, surely is f***ing beautiful. As an noun, I don't give a f***ing. As part of a word, it's absolutely f***ing lovely for incredible. And as almost every word in a sentence f***ing f***ing f***ers. As you must realize, there aren't too many words with the versatility of f***ing. As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got f***ing the views, carolot. This may, oh f***ing. Trouble. I guess I'm really f***ing now. A aggression. Don't f***ing with me, buddy. This missile. Why don't you go outside and play hide and go f***ing yourself? I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly f***ing you. Speak on TVF words. Okay, it's 1103. Good, bleeps in that good by the way. Oh, I'm standing. Thank God. 1103 at 5.60, WQA and we got the Henry Goldbergs Show into a clock. We got Donnie Baseball at 6. We got the pre-gaming at 6.30, the foreplay. Then we got the violence at Pittsburgh and an adcapant after the game for the real degenerate gambers out there who have no lives at all. This guy was a gate, is that what they said a gate trader or a day trader? And then they got people under this morning. What's that ball headed to Al Roker? Gold back to the weather map. Okay, go back outside with those idiots. Wait, not there outside the studio. You're an imbassula. I never watched that show anyway, but the did they show, but I'm channel surf in this morning and he's saying that this one guy. Well, what is? Cause I'm really a little confused on the, what is a day trader? Look at day trader. Pipper. Let's go to Miami. Hello. You know, how are you this morning? Okay, sir. Yeah, I'm in Miami this morning and I live in Miami. Wow, my condolences. A guy who I know who works for a large construction company who was a contributor to the Pintenuous campaign? Yeah, he says, boy, am I really? This house that he says, well, we're going to be going to this serve a private party tomorrow tonight, all the contributors to the campaign, just, you know, the money side and now I don't have to go. And I was thinking to myself as I was driving away, I'm thinking to myself, it's kind of like, let's go back and say, here, 900 years in England and like the after they just screwed all the peasantry, the after the war and turbulence and they get everybody in and steal all the money, they just go back to the castles and put it up. Right. One of those campy meetings, you know, sitting around the camp for our deals. But I thought you'd find it interesting. It's, I'm using it best. Yeah, so he, he's not going to deal with me. We'll make the party tomorrow night. Okay. All right. Thanks for the good news. Okay, 560, 560, Pant 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line here is Hialia. Hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. Thank you so much for doing the great service that you always do and provide this whole whole of a place. You're welcome, even though I do live in Broward, I think I deserve extra Brownie points for that. I know you probably don't read the help. But I'm, I'm, get right. Okay. Well, I'm, get that here at the house. When we get it, you see the front page to the plastic. What happened to when it came this morning? You can't even see the front page. I'm looking at the back section, judge or distance in the pay for, so if somebody, I open it up and I see Mayor Pinga with a distrustful look at his face. Poor guy. Not to make you squeeze yourself in it. Yeah. Well, hey, by the way, I have a second request for those two joins because I'm going to read them and it's like, I don't know if it's going to need it too. Okay. Thank you so much for everybody this weekend. By the way, we're taking the tolls down. Three weed for everybody. All right. That's about your own rolling papers, but nevertheless. 560, 50560, pound 560, in fact, the NFU. That's what I hear the NFU in the sand. We're a sand, by the way. Haven't seen him in a couple of days. Maybe that's why I went such a good mood, huh? Oh. Yeah, look at the table. Maybe he's under there with somebody. Maybe he's under there with Jordan Knight. But we're going to have them out there in a QM van. Hennendown free rolling papers so that when the Ameri-Com's blind gives you your free a weed, your free bag. What's wrong with that, huh? Yeah, sure. So this time can recover. Look, it's ones that we cover from all this device of bull crap that they've zipped at this two years last several weeks. Not all of which, by the way, had to do with the penny sales tax. Here's a hollywood, hello. Deal. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. You know what's not getting enough flavor that you even talk about a little bit. But the paper hasn't been given enough credit to the election being held in July. I know Norman Raymond tried to get the election canceled in July. I'll tell you something about that. But just that fact alone shows what kind of politicians we have. What reason do you need a election in July? Well, they give us a bull crap that we only had until September to let the federal government to show them that we had funding in place so that we could get the federal matching fund. They've known about this for a month now. This isn't something that they just discovered. It would literally believe that I know that I know 10L is said, though. Nobody believes that. What they were, they were praying for real O8 or 10% turnout. And they were praying that they couldn't manipulate with their people that they would bust in and just fix it with the old hollyOs. And the old end, the black people who thought they were going to get some jobs and that they could pay a few people off 30 bucks a vote and they could put it over. That's the only way they could have won. That's my point. I think people should realize that what kind of politicians we have that. They only way they could have pulled this one over on us is by having this election in July. And I think more people should know this and people kind of politicians we haven't been in day count. I think the fact that finally after all these years of lethargy and apathy that 30% of the people showed up in a 140-degree day at the end of July, I think that goes to show you how pissed off and fed up these people are. But it's 30% really a lot. Well when you consider the 30 or 40% of the people who usually would be here out of time this time of the year anyway, that's what they were counting on. So 30% is a lot when you consider so many people are not here. For a special election, you bet it's gigantic. All right. Have a great day, pal. It's huge, baby. It's gigantic and it turned out too. It's Friday, you best, dude. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. We're going to show you the 50,000 times of food to royal set for the day. Speaking of free food. Here's a facts from James and South Beatrice as a lot of the comment on how ridiculous all the personal tax and Norman Braiman were regarding the sales tax. The protest people try to point out that Braiman was against the tax only out of personal interest. I just want to point out that most of Braiman dealerships sell high-end cars, BMW, Cadillac, Rolls Royce, and the $50 difference in sales tax would have no way into the people who purchase these cars. Guess what? People that drive Rolls Royce is they don't drive the metro. They don't ride the metro fair. James and by the way. $50. $50. $50. $50. 50. We had a pizza-law party that was for the initial ratings that came out. Now that we got the 10 to two numbers which are staggering unbelievably and pretty good. Exactly couldn't have said it better myself. And we got the outcome of the yesterday's fraudulent attempt on an election. Now we can really have a party. That was the way. And what's I'm sorry. He's Hudson. I know his name is, see, I thought maybe Edson. You know, I know I tried to remember his name by the name of a car. You know the word association thing. I don't know anybody named Edson. But it's Hudson. And you're not old enough to remember Hudson anyway. So what difference does it make? I remember the bay. How about Hudson's department store? Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. No congratulations. Thank you. Great job. Yes sir. Power to the people. Right. Jacksonville had more taxes on tow roads in New York and they got them all knocked off. Somewhere this is what Miami should maybe work and do it. They didn't hit the people up with all this garbage with tow roads and additional rapid transit. You know Jacksonville just recently knocked off all that told and the good direction for us to go in. I say get those damn jettinies off the road today. That'll clear up all the roads and improve traffic 40%. Power to the people. Okay. Power to the people. I think it's what he was saying. That's what it sounded like. And I think he was serious. 560 50 50 60 pound 560 on the AT&T. Where I was lying we're rolling along. I'm sticking the song. Have a little free lunch here at White and Hell not. Look at that. We got the sodas. We got we got a food dough and a mean time. I don't want to get pushy. But let's get with it here. Joe. All I told them you knew where it was. I know where it is. Never hand trouble fighting him yet. Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Congratulations Neil. Thank you. This was a focus of the people for the people. By the time these are certain critics who think that this was a vote for Castro or some like that should understand this is how democracy works. Yeah. Well, I think everybody understood that except for the handpicked people that they took in a bus to go over. Yes. Yes. But Neil now it's time for something else. For a for county rational proposal, a regional planning commission. Somebody who was some people some experts who in urban growth and transportation is to down in prepare a rational plan for growth for this major metropolitan area. Somebody that actually has some idea what it's all about. Yes. I'm going to do it. People would propose something that wouldn't be crisis to crisis management. But some rational plan for to present to the people of this metropolitan area. I'm not talking that we wouldn't be obsolete by the time we got to finish wouldn't be different. Neil, there's plenty of precedent for New Jersey on New York, northeast Indiana, Chicago, the for county LA area. There's plenty of precedent for regional planning for the metropolitan area in which people could be presented with a rational plan, which wouldn't depend on the on the vagrancies of some strange politicians. And so, people would show people what give people a chance to vote on something for the future of this area. Amen. Okay. Have a great life. 5. 5. 6. 7. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. What did you do? What's the mother ones in here? Just any older one would be good. No one? Yes. Thanks so much. Here is the rally. Neil. Yes sir. Thank you for taking my car real quick. Thanks for making your car. Listen. What do you mean real quick? 11 minutes and 11. Second is real quick. Well, yeah. I mean, I felt like it was. Okay. And I was enjoying these smoke to join, so. I'll bet you were. Listen, I want to congratulate you also and, you know, pushing everyone to go vote. About a what? A hundred and over a hundred and sixty thousand people voting. Yes. Oh, yes. Right. I thought you were 130,000 people showed up all together, which is pretty damn good. Right. That's great. I listen to you showing it's and it's not only in their teaming, but I also, you know, find it as educational. You live in Brewer County and you didn't have to give a crap about what happened to the car. That's right. But, uh, and there were a lot of people, by the way, who thought, oh, boy, he's driving away the audience is really boring. And we could be talking about ball games and stupid stuff like that. But in the meantime, you know, when you live in a place this many years, once in a while, you try to give something back to it and then make a difference. Right. I like some of the people. I don't want to mention any names, but some of the people a lot of keep you on the odds on ball games. They haven't been played yet. Once in a while, you want to do something productive. There might be a little bit more stimuli. Right. And not only you, but let's say, you know, callers also inform some of us. And if anything about what's going on, like the guy that fact is the other day and explain that the pillars for the metro would have to, we're only last 30 years. And the guy that got back the memories of the ones that were crumbling just after they built them. Right. And the guy that called yesterday and said that even if no one would ride it, metro would have to still keep working because then they'd have to return money to, uh, another government. Right. Yeah. I mean, you know, very helpful. Your program is very, very helpful to all of us. Thanks a lot. One last thing did you ever find that cart that you said you were going to look for that says no, no, no, no, something like that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I was straight. Yes, I did. Have a great day. Thanks for your great life, too. Okay. It's a kiss kneels as day today. And why not? Okay. I'll pat myself on a back. There's Richard Freeman who wants to kiss my ass. How you doing, Richard? I'm doing great, Neil. Nice going. Well, good for you too. You know, and you know, something this is a little vindication after 20 years ago when they tried to smear you and give you a big son a dance over the spirit and you tried your best and they rigged the election early midnight and all those fans and boats came into put it over the top. Now we really show them what it's all about. You're absolutely correct. I kind of shed it better. But I'm glad you said it. And if only we would have had a legitimate election 20 years ago, we wouldn't have to go through this again now. Hey, solid. They stole it. It's plain and simple. Like I told Dave Slater before to watch the Ohio Monterrey yesterday and that I seem in peace on six to watch that crap where he said, well, you know, if I had to do it over, if I had my brothers, whatever it had supposed to mean, I would have run it up 95 and run a leg out to the airport. They should have run him out of town and kept him out. You know, it's too bad he came back like a bad thing. You know, I like the piece that they before would have showed me 21 years younger, which I truly enjoy. Better here I'll say that. Well, thank you. Yeah. I am definitely a definitely a such a here challenge and I appreciate your remark on that as well. I didn't say good. I just had me, you know. No, no, you didn't get good deported on that one and I appreciate that, but on the hair, the day after I heard you make some remarks, I rushed right into my barber and said, Neil Rogers doesn't like my hair. You better clean it up. I'm in trouble. There you go. I think that's what put us over the top with the hair. Probably my hair cut. Yeah. Good luck Richard. Alright, listen, good for you. Neil, you did a great service and I wish to thank you for that. You really served the public. I'm going to go out and write it by a rules voice right now just because we appreciate what he did. There you go. Okay, thank you. Okay, there you go. All it takes is just a small handful. That's what I've always said they don't believe me. Just a small handful of people that are, you know, going to make a difference and not just rule over for these political hacks. God, this is so great. It makes you feel like maybe we can say goodbye to Mayor Pinger pretty soon. You don't talk about it. Yeah, good bye. Good luck. Maybe he can look with Ron Diaz. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miramar. Hello. How you doing Neil? Great. Don't be half of all the blanks that I didn't have a brain. I would like to say that I listen. I started listening to you about maybe six years ago. Yes sir. And I felt like you were racist and didn't like black people. I think what it was, you know, the truth hurts. You know, these jokes that run around that's a little bit and can't talk. Right. You're right. I mean, these guys make a lot of money. They should be able to, you know, if they can't speak from the beginning or at least go to school or do something. And if you can't even speak, then don't beat up your women and go to jail and sell crack cocaine and do all those things and then try to show the kids that's the way you do it and get the, you know. Exactly. I was born and raised in my, you know, over town. And I don't consider myself a black American. I consider myself American. Right. And you know, you say this every day. If you go other places, you really realize that my end is probably, you know, I mean, it's one of the worst places you could ever live. And, firstly, if you are black, brother. Exactly. And then George, he enjoyed the, you know, and to begin and I thought you enjoyed. I'm just going to be honest with you. In fact, I called you one time and I called you a racist and it's an ant. But I've been listening to you now and you tell it like it is. And if you like it, a lot of people don't like the truth. And it, it, it, it gave me pleasure to see for Nellus on the TV last night. Yeah. Good morning. Looks like he was going to break out in the tier. He looked like he was really early. Yeah. And I listened to you every day, man. I dropped trucks and today I'm off because I got hurt on the job. But I just wanted, I said, that I want to call you and thank you, man. Because I mean, I wish some of the blacks down in Miami would get the type of attitude that I have and the type of attitude that you have. And we can make things happen. Right. And I want to act to, would you play that song? I know you and Gailty is like friends now. The song you used to play. Oh, yeah. You got it. Okay, thank you. Have a great day, too. You're, you're, you're well. You're well. Bye. But. Here. Here. Gailty. Gailty. Gailty. Talking on a porch show. Who's trying to do the macho? Your voice sounds just like. Unfaceted ear of the girl. I live her for a toe show. What else are you? Beautiful. Gailty. Talking like a baby. Who needs a little draining. Like an ear of her snack. You don't like a snack. You both don't rub a snack. That's your throat. Gailty. Gailty. Gailty. Gailty. Gailty. Gailty. Your lucky management don't tell. Gailty. You don't belong there on the air. And Gailty. The sports can wait till your voice cracked. Of anyone who sounds like that should find another job. And say, should only take you back when both your babies dropped. Gailty. Gailty. Gailty. When you're going to grow up. Gailty. Gailty. Gailty. Gailty. You silly, swanky fool. Go to broadcasting school. Your free, you bet this boy. Thank you. Now, Gailty. Gailty. Gailty. Gailty. Gailty. Gailty. You. Gailty. Gailty. the hell's sports section this so today. Take a look at that picture man. It's got Puts written all over it. What an article which sports John Henry and Jimmy Johnson Jeannie you know and all these people who are calling the talk shows and of course every other word is just a gag every other word is here is his name which means that finally somebody actually returned one of a verys calls or maybe he's got to gackies never at home and he had a conversation with him so he's got to make a column out of it. But my favorite part is where he says dolphins receive or Lamar Thomas also calls talks shows occasionally often to kid with one of the hosts. Lamar wants to be in the media says Jeff B. 44 is last year he has to observe our morning show for two hours of the Super Bowl. Lamar says it's better to be in the media than in the pokey is what he says. 560 50560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line here's Pembroke Pine. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah I once you guys went off at 12 30 yesterday. I'm a speaker. I got no action but I'm a Julio you're up and you went into the Cuban stations which had a use it on do. Right. So I put from one to the other one to the other and it was like man it was a speed of rage. They had the they had a braime and they had a penela they had a highly committed justice and I'd tell you that it was pretty entertaining. It was like everybody was in a frenzy and I listened to it for a while and you know I'm just telling you they did they did something. They're always doing something. They're always on something. They were all they were. They were all crazy. They were going crazy. And then they you know it all came out and then they got up with no. They all came out and they washed. Yep. Okay thanks for the good nice. Five six seven of course. So I think what really put it over the top was when I announced the shocking news that Fidel wanted everybody to vote yes because immediately then all of a sudden the voter turnout went gooseing up and people that were thinking about voting yes even for $100 all immediately voted no two three four times with those uh... erasable pencils. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in my me lakes. Hello. And I do have the button punch so either dead mobile in my me lakes. Going once long gone. Here's a mobile in four lottery. Hello. How about if I just shouldn't look at the there go. That's a lot to okay and I stock at a year or two. Here's over town. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Oh thank you Neil for telling the truth. For the last two weeks almost every day of flyers been in the mail to say yes to this penny tax. Yeah and I said no excellent I got a couple of more friends of us together and we said no to drugs. Yeah right good move. Okay I'm saying this with question sir. Yes sir. Yeah you're well you're well you're well you're well. Yes. Um version Mary. Okay you got it. Thank you. Nice job pal. Nice job everybody who got off their ass yesterday 150 two degrees was the human extra whatever they call that thing. And we had people actually get off their ass sweating off the storm making the effort to go down there and walk the tourist reblox or have somebody drive them or whatever the hell it was or even you get on the metro rail. That would have been the best I'm out of congratulate the people who wrote the metro rail to wherever they're polling places and still voted. Oh that's the best. I get the third year when I just think about that. No him he does the news on channel 7 in the morning to on third year. All right this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come anywhere from the new Roger of us with the beat I got myself. And the bad guy straight to hell. When a building starts to grow, he's going to be the best shot she's throwing. He's throwing. Okay, so 1143 at 560 WCM. Now he walks out just at the point that I'm going to try to find the name of the song. Because now he's got me going crazy. Joe Costa, he doesn't know. Boca Bridal call. He's listening. Well, anybody would know the original song. I mean, you hear these song, Parities and they're, you know, they're all great. But they're a lot greater if you know the original song. Now every now and then we'll get one that you're, Boca Bridal. Sometimes on satellite comedy network and I'll play it on here and it's funny. But then when you hear the real song that the parody is, take off on, then it's 10 times as funny. Then you'd like to be in your pants. But the problem being that the guilty song, I think herman's hermit. And where does song? guilty. guilty. I think you're rocking on the floor. Okay, here he is. And he's saying, what was the original song? Dandy written by Ray Davies done by Herman's hermit. Dandy, like I said, Herman's hermit. Nice going, Neil. Damn, God. What a genius. How do you like that? So I knew the artis. And you see we wouldn't need it him because if during that break, I would have got to build a book and look at this book up Herman's Verman and then I would have read the list of their hits. And I was said, that's it right there. You got to know what a genius. Not exactly a major hit. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. It's all request for it because we're in one hell of a good mood. We got a great lunch from my narrows and Hudson, who drove a Hudson over here. Oh, he did drive an insult. Here's my me Lake, so. It was so great to see the mayor on that front page of the hell up today, looking like, yeah, with crap on his post. I just want you to, you know, I wanted to give you a credit for four votes because I got my wife and two other people to go down and vote. The original thought was why even vote because who knows what's going to happen with this guy? He's servings going to go against the arena. He gets in and then he switches. I think that's the main thing that's the main thing. My personal vote was a no four in screwing up with the arena. Switched in the night. I think that's the main thing. A lot of the people in the media are missing that point. This wasn't a no on the transit and on corrupt politicians. This wasn't no on him specifically. Absolutely. And thanks friend, Raul Martinez was very big in the highly a community. Right. Hold on to no votes. One of my favorite people at Raul. Yeah. I think this afternoon. Okay. They're going to have very sarner and lead color. Hank and Raul Martinez are going to be on celebrity death match this weekend. 560-50560 pound five 60 on the 18-2 wireless line. In fact, some of the people in high-lea are high-fiving each other right now. Some of them are even eating Raul. They're so excited about it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. What I thought that is yes sir. Are you now? Great. I am. It's a great thing. I'm going to tell you yesterday about the certificate of merit. Meritor, I was on TV. Hmm. No. I want to ask you. Did you see this speech of this seat last night from that little wiggle? Yes. Some clips from it. Yeah. Did you think that? There's an great that it was a great show of democracy. And even in the heat of the summer and in the end of July, all these people came out. And the back of his mind, he's digging. Yeah. Damn it. They all showed up. Yeah. But they all, he was sort of concentrating. I mean, he was saying, if I'm not mistaken, the way I took it was, we had an opportunity to bring this community into the 20th century. Yeah. Make this the first class city. No. World class. You all have to get in. Yeah. World class transportation system. They keep using that term. World class. The only thing we got here is World class crime. And World class. Recre Politicians. And World class. That's the only world class thing we got here. Absolutely right. And it was really sick of the city. He couldn't even take the seat with a little bit of character. He's finished. He's done now. He's been. I sure hope that whoever runs against him in the future. Somehow, say that film clip. Because basically what he was saying was, you're all a bunch of more on. Who didn't have the inside to go to the future. And you know, he's wrong. Because no one's going to ride the darn thing. No one's written it for 20 years. Yeah. It goes by my office every day. Totally empty. Seven cars coming. Seven cars going. Right. Where's five or six people? Let's just get limous for everybody. Okay, pal. Thank you. That's good. Yeah. Good by Alice. Good by Alice. Penny list. I wouldn't be surprised. We get a parody on that. One of these days. Very, very soon. Good by Alice. Pinga. You can just see it now. I can hear it. I can hear Brian doing it. And the song too. 5.670560. On the AT&T Wireless line. And as they tried to split through the Mickey. As they say at the American Airlines Arena. They tried to split through the Mickey one more time. And everybody said, oh, the fact they said, no, no, no, no, no, no. And I love it. I'm crumbling from it. That's how excited I am. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes. Oh, I get to that. Great. Yeah. One of the great days of my life. Yeah. I could. I could top that. One of the great days of my life. Yeah. I'm so. Anyway, anyway, I've been listening to over eight years. I was hearing a few times that you could do the Howard King games. Oh, the baseball. Mm-hm. Yeah. What do you think you do then? 70. 8 through 82 on radio and then 83 on television. I don't want to answer. I'm like, when you do the games, you do like the same type of, I don't want to call it stick. But you know what I'm saying? I don't want to say that you're straight. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not really a little bit, but not very much. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure wrong. What did I mean? You know, anything like that? No. No. That's a good idea. I might still be doing them a favor. It doesn't matter. I'm not saying real funny. I mean, I mean, I wasn't a counter-man James in center field. I've got a little kid, she made you. And I would have been good. I was just fixing like because of the college. You know, I mean, like, it was like, you know, like, you know, everything's going to go directly back then. Oh, that's why they don't want any part of me. Now, they hate me over you. You're a woman. The feeling is mutual. They can suck away, yeah. They're more, they use them. What we love you. Okay. Have a good day, yeah. Have a good day, yeah. Have a good day. I give them the phone. Great lunch today, Wayne. And Hudson from Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle on a credit of 125 and a 441 in North Day. Only one Royal Castle left. In fact, God, it's like playing to the past, Clinging to just a little tiny piece of the past. And what's wrong with Clinging's with a little tiny piece? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. And you'll know where you are. Great. What I'd like to say to Alex Penelis is, uh, two funnily. Well, you say the two recover is good to get you something like that. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. We're number one in Hispanic men 25 to 54 between 10 and 2 with the 8.5 So close to show you, okay? They may be silent out there, but they're probably Didleys, other maybe themselves. But they're listening. You want to say, I'm sure you do. 560, 0560 is getting a little on the slim side now. They're getting a little tired of kissing my ass. It's starting to get a little on the red side. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Okay, we'll make it. Here's Miami, hello. And you'll know how you do it. Pretty good, sir. About Penelis, um, I voted for him by accident. But next time I will have a sign on you as one thing, something about the Kestronian blocking traffic and he was all for. Oh, yeah. And, uh, did I work? I was just kidding if I acted. Right. To get everybody to look and realize, please do not vote for this guy again. So I'm really glad that he got shot in the face with this thing. I think Rell and Martinez is the one that's going to take him on. That's your one more than I'm hearing. Yeah, I'm telling you. Thank you, Neil, for everything you did. Okay. Well, too. I mean, Rell and Martinez, of course, we know he's an asshole. But nevertheless, I mean, it's all relative. You know, he's a great guy compared to this guy we got in there. And when they were, and when they were blocking the streets, there was Rell out there beating the crap out of those guys. They were blocking the streets because they wouldn't get their whole home. And he had the ball three, one of the few politicians that didn't jump on the mayor of Pingersband wagon. So maybe we can get Rell and the Hank to kiss and make up. You know, go over to the Hylia. Maybe Hank get a couple of tips. Or he can have a jury, Sarner and Lee Kuller come and beat the crap out of Wal-Martine. Isn't that kind of even an all up? Then we'll start all over again from scratch. We'll scratch it together. That's what I think. That's my prediction. Just write it down on your calendar. July 30th, 1999. Wal-Martine is never still afraid to train. But just about anything else you can think of. He did. But nevertheless, that's the next guy. You're going to have to deal with. Or we can bring back wacky Xavier. Here's the call from the keys. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good, sir. You think now maybe we can get more than one basket open in a total plaza with 15 of them. Yeah, I think you're going to see an amazing turn about all of a sudden. Now, I'm going to come back to work. That greasy little prick. He's like right standing. But that's all I have to say. My phone's about to die. And I just hope to God at some day we can get through the turn bike without taking an afterlife time. Okay. Tony. See you. Look at that. Just when that beat came when his phone died, that was excellent. Time is your good talk up. Five six seven. What's the name of that song? Randy. Randy. Yeah, I think that's what the name of the song was. Brian. Get with it. Herman's. Herman. What was his name? Peter Noon. Almost his noon. Totally all these things kind of weave in together. I'm in co-haired. I don't know what I'm talking about. Maybe it's all these White House. Five six seven. Five sixty. Pomp five sixty on the 18t line. Sounds like I'm slowing a little bit because I got food in my mouth. Shame on you. Well, hey, now we can go back to being our ordinary slabs. No, I have to put on this whole political song. And then we got it done. That's all I can say. And George says, I'm the one I got it done. And I say, okay, I'll tell everybody else by the way. Everybody else says, if we weren't for Neil Rogers getting all these people off their ass, they would have had their 10% turn out. And that's the reason this thing got wild pierced today. And I'll say, okay, I'll take credit. Small bills would be okay. In fact, I'll tell you what. All the money that they would have gone. I won't even charge all of my that would have spent the penny sales. I'll take a half of penny just for six months. Thank you. Here's Margie. Hello. Hi. How are you? Pretty good sir. Yeah. I'm a new listener to your show. I'm a friend of mine introduced me to your show about two weeks ago. Right. And I enjoy your show immensely. And one of the bits I remember hearing was one called self-acquying. And it ever since then, I've been stuck on your station. I love your show. Right. And you're probably even shopping at the sofa king. That's right. I mean, I got to get a recliner. And keep up the good work. And you got a new listener here. And even Neil. All right. All right. Thanks a lot, pal. You got it. Ever great day. I'll see you at the sofa king. 560, pound of five 60 on the 18th, the wireless line. Finally, I've been here a hundred years. And finally, something good happened. Finally. And the best part of the whole deal. It was a negative vote. It took a no vote to make something good happen. That goes to show you how many problems we got. Despite of that, we just keep coming and banging away and banging away. I just keep getting off those planes coming back here and wondering, why am I doing it? But nevertheless, maybe we're starting to turn the corner. Maybe yesterday, I know this sounds very corny and very naive. But maybe just a little teeny tiny chance. Maybe yesterday was the day this time. Finally, turn the corner. And most of the people, the overwhelming majority said, We're not going to be led around by the nose anymore. We're not going to just do everything based on your last name. Are you Cuban? Are you Puerto Rican? Are you Jewish? Are you this? Nobody gives a crap about that anymore. The question is, is it making any sense? And are we going to do something that the workforce makes life better? That's the question. Not the who's your mama? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, well, I said, day for Miami. I still got to ride a bus and got no coffee. I mean, that's the rich, I just afford. Yeah, I'll get the house. Yeah, all the people I voted know you're putting in a corvette. So I tell you, I must be allowed to go rents out on a highway. I've got a plug-gaff, mobile, a child, man. We've got the snow to roll the brother. Man, I'll be the opposite child, man. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Okay, get a bicycle, okay. Go get a bike and get a brain to ride your ride it. Oh, yeah, he'd be, oh, I'd buy the bike to guide a call me about Amsterdam. A couple of days ago, I forgot to mention this. How many people have cars in Amsterdam? About seven? Steve, you've ever been there? You know, the damrack and roaken. There's about maybe a half a dozen like wide streets where there's really any amount of auto traffic. And even on those streets, they got the trains like, you know, running down the up and down the street. So it's not a driving town. It's a walking town in a bicycle town in a tram kind of a town. But the streets, most of them are so narrow. They're like one way in it. Very often you'll see either a car stop that they're making deliveries. And people wait 10 minutes while that guy stops making his deliveries. Because there's no way to get around them. Or sometimes you'll see people go in one direction. And the other guy's coming along the other way. Two cars facing each other and one has to back up. That there's no car traffic there. Except on the highways out of town. And this guy's giving me a song and that's because, well, of course, you've been to Amsterdam so many times. I got this great math transportation. Of course they do. Because it's been that way for about 50 years for crying out loud. But, and it's a walking place and a bicycle place. So this guy at over town gets to a bicycle, okay? Trust you, one. Listen to me. It's just stand by and stand for soficking. And it's stand where everything is helped that a high soficking standard. The selection isn't just huge. It's soficking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And soficking is present on this low. There's soficking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say soficking as a beautiful school, I mean soficking beautiful. And I can't stop it. I mean soficking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the soficking and enjoy a selection that's soficking huge. A stat that's soficking courteous and crunchy that is soficking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied. Just in my frank and stine. Soficking good. You set it fracking soficking good. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 10. 12. 23. 10. Soficking low. 12. 12. Yeah. And jokes. What's the do you need are to choose one city? Great. Five. What's the difference when you playing on the amusement park? First you talked Italian to somebody you corrected. 6. the story has to win the penny increase or the one percent increase would have gone into effect. No. Well, the only thing I heard was that the tow roads would come down the beginning of January. In other words, you're going to leave them up for another six months. But I bet you had dollar to have done at the tow, what the increase would have gone into effect what next week. Yeah, we're going to go up to 20 bucks each way. Yeah. Incredible. Good show Neil. Okay. Thanks. 670560, Pont 560 on the mobile one line as the old tire downtown establishment structure comes crumbling out and the best news and the Harold by the way, stick it with a moundon child. Yeah. Stick it in there deep and twist as hard as you can. You've phony, fakers, Tom Fieler and you grave robbers at the Harold, Carl Hiusin, there's the only good guy over there, him and Bob Rubin and Bob Rubin is disappeared basically from the face of the earth because they thought he's Jewish and Howard Kleinberg too, by the way. Fine. No, not just to these Jewish, they'd be able to go to good column. 560560, Pont 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Cutler Ridge, hello Neil. Yes sir. Hello Neil. Aha. Yeah, some of who knew from Cutler Ridge and I voted no, no, no, no, no. Exactly. And I would like to thank you for your last two days of campaigning for vote number 71. Right. And I have a suggestion for you. How about you running against me or ping a next one? Oh yeah, right. No, thanks. Oh, thank you. Hey Neil, can I go someone to ping right enough? Graph to match my salary, yes sir. Oh, you're a douchebag. All right, good job pal. 560560, Pont 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami, hello. Yellow. Yes sir. Neil, how are you? Great. Let's congratulate ourselves for doing such a great job here. All right. Yeah. And you're reading too much into the guy, the mayor from Hyalea. Raul? Because he wasn't getting greased. That's why you posed it. He wasn't getting the piece. I didn't get a piece of the pie. It was going around. Hyalea, not through it. Yeah, but can you imagine his mayor of the county? All the action he could get? Well, for real. Hi, I'm Hialea small potatoes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You got a pointer. Okay. All right. Have a good one. See you. 560560, Pont 560 on a mobile one line. Hank Oldberg showed to a clock Donnie. Be a six o'clock free game. Show it. Six thirty. Marlins at Pittsburgh 7 o'clock tonight. The Marlins who lost 12 to one of the Philadelphia Phillies right here on this station. In prime time, yesterday afternoon and got a wee embarrassed about that. There's only one thing or more embarrassed about than the Marlon came yesterday. Who that is? Jessica. Oh, God. And the rumor is he's in here meeting with bluff. That's the rumor I just heard. Can you believe that? Because they already heard a really outstanding guy to do the U.M. play by play. God for Massachusetts. Going to do the play by play. And now I guess, Josie is going to do the color commentary. Anybody believe that? I will actually moron. Josie and color commentary. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. I know I want to congratulate you because you are the one that have the guts to speak up all this for what is right. You see the end account is the more money they get, the more they still are waste. You see more of it comes. You see God. You see coming. See. Cool. All right. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. We got two. We have the openings here on the board. And we got an hour and 54 minutes to kill the who's counting. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. It's a happy spot from Liberty City. All right. Oh, didn't know. Good job. OK. And of course, you know, my congratulations to you job well done. I just want to say one thing. Well, these thin skin people. I hate to refer to a human American that's who he owes us. That's his foster. It's been to tame and people get a grill. That's right. Get a grill. Anyway, I have so much plans to look at the plus on on the thing I was this morning before I even read the headlands. First thing that didn't fit for that sour push on you. Good job, Neil. I'm rad. Thank you, sir. God bless you. Yeah, that look on his push. It told it all. I like it. I know what happened. All those people actually came up and did vote. They know try to con us that you're so proud of this exercise and democracy that people really showed up. I'm not sure if they kept getting the results through the time and found out that it was going to be 20, then it was going to be 25. And then it was going to be close to 30%. They were all going. Oh, what happened here? This ain't good. In any time you plan to win an election based on a minimal turnout, that's got to tell you that you're trying to put one over on a public. And that right there shows you for what you are. You're a pinga, phony, phony baloney, little puppet. And I want to remind you, I'm going to cut that out of the paper that one little paragraph there. You're right there in a Harold, his good allies, the Harold is morning. He states his political career on his one issue. Well, guess what? They drove a stake right through your heart. Just like Bella Legosi. They drove the stake through his heart. Well, see him no more. Your political career is finito. Put the breaks on it, baby. You ain't going nowhere. You phony little lying twerp you. And say hi to Mickey by the way. Next time you wake up in the morning and roll over. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neo. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. 19 year old Julio. Oh, right. We're going to wait again, so I don't want my transfer to that crap. So, I just want to congratulate you on your book as well. And thanks for influencing everyone around here. All right. And one more thing, congratulations. Right, son. Your first son, John. Okay. Okay. Watch out for that. The intermeats. We'd heard. Oh, that's what we got to play. Is that in here, by the way? Oh, God. That's not in here. I'll find it. How much for a? John. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here on a great Friday. What are the great days? And history of this community. And like I said, two better head to big because of negative kind of a thing. But top crap, we'll take it anyway. Anyway, we can get it. Why, though, you best. I'm much forward. How much for a? Good. Again, the four or nickel could again, the four or quarter. No. Because more money than I'm in. How much for a? How much for a? Could again, the four or nickel could again, the four or quarter. No. Because more money than I've got. How much for a quick fee? How much for a quick fee? Could again, the four or nickel could again, the four or quarter. Good. I get a good deal. Can I touch your I mean? Can I touch your I mean? Okay. Could I touch a four or quarter? Well, it had to remind me. Ha ha ha. I've got no money to spend. Well, both of both, you be my friend. Oh, I've got time. Could take as far. If you'll please, get in my car. And I'll say to you. How much for a? Don't be thirsty though. How much for a? How much for a? Could again, the four or nickel could again, the four or quarter. Can I afford a home job? A home job? 14 at 5. 50 WQM. So George was just telling me that Mark Brandemary, who's the new U of M. Love played by playboyce from University of Massachusetts, was a great guy. I'll report sorry, he does a great job. Best of luck, Mark. Hallelujah. The day is a good guy. He's in the dust office and duck brings in Joseph Gackie. Now let's open a mic that we got in dust office. And here what happened to Mark? 30 seconds with Joe is all of them. Mark is in a coma. Mark, wake up that first game is net far away sweetheart. Oh, God. The coma inducer. You know what I'm talking about? Joseph Gackie. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 5, 60, pong, 5, 60, on a mobile one line. Come on, let's hear it. Joseph Gackie sucks. Joseph Gackie sucks. Okay. Here's Western, hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Pretty good. Great. The license on your fight. It was a great fight. One the fight, maybe. Even your son or never tougher fight than this. But you know, also I think Paul Casinova, I'll get a little credit to. Yeah. Yeah. He was really in there hammering it. He was really in there hammering it. Hey, you're kissing the mayor's ass right. Well, why don't you take some? Well, I think what? Don't you think you deserve a little credit? No, I don't. Everybody told me he kissed the mayor of Pinkham's ass as well. I heard. No, he was kissing the taxi. He was ripping them too. That's not what I heard. We had 50, we had 50 spyre ports on it. I give credit where credit is due. If I'm wrong, we'll find out. I had 2000 spyre ports saying that Paul Casinova kissed his butt. Oh, I didn't hear that. That's what I heard. We'll find out. Well, congratulations to you, though. Thank you. Yeah, I'm one of the share a little bit of the credit. I mean, why the hell not? He steals everything else I got. So why the hell not? But let's find out. Let's get to the latest by reports. And here's the story behind the story. And see if Casinova was actually did do the right thing. Because that's not what I heard. I heard that Fully sucked the mayor's record. I heard that Paul Casinova sucked the record. I don't want to hear there. And gave him the opportunity. And then tried to was silence, tried to quail the opposition. We'll find out. Because I think this guy, he must be a relative. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Listen, I wish you think the Miami Harold editorial staff is now going to move out of date County. Oh, God, we can only pray. Now that we're going to come and third world nation down here. Yeah, isn't that something? I wish you could read the editorial again from Tuesday. I'm not sure you don't have it. I still have it. I'm just a bunch of crap. So I guess they're all going to leave now. And Miami's just going to whither on the vine. The economy declines the business climate deteriorates. The tax base, whithers, poverty, worsens. And parts of this once vibrant community take on the look and feel of a third world backwater. How do you like that? So the sky is fall. I guess I better close my business up, board it up right now. And what are they going to say now, by the way? No, I noticed this morning there was no editorial in the course thing and always say, well, that part of the paper goes to bed before the election results were, what are they going to say tomorrow morning in the editorial? They might as well close up, shop? Yeah, that's right. OK. Things are looking good out there in Silicon Valley. Excellent. Have a great day, pal. Fakers, grave robbers, everybody hates the hero. That's one thing. There's some people like Mayor Pinga, some people like Ronald Martin, is everybody's got a few people, even watch his name. Joseph Gaki has a couple of people at like him. But the hero does anybody like the hero? No, even if people let one pair hate the hero. That's the best part of it. That's like when we worked for a passion, you know, we'll take the money thank you, but we can't stand the management and most of those other people we hit him like poison. And who is the one that was doing that long every day? Oh, you were. That's right. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. There's a lesson for all new young people out there. OK, you'll never take the job of a militant minority. Let me just tell you that right now. Because she'll be too over to head with her a thing. Here's Miami. Hello. Don't give me any lip surge. Miami, hello. Oh, yes, sir. You know how you don't grade. Congratulations. Quite effort. Yes, it was. Are these people are horrible? Did you didn't read the days they did have an editorial today about the election, though? Did you hear? Yeah. I'm listening to listen to that. Where is that? I don't have it. It's a thing that's stuck in traffic with no vote. This is what they said as with marital interdality, public trust once lost as difficult the regain. The vote I will recreate this riddle. How can a president administration regain public trust if it is not given the chance? Really, it's unbelievable. It's only a riddle for the hairl which isn't actually challenged by the riddle of how much is one and one. I mean, they have often had many, many chances, one of which was like the recent vote on the son of Bill Contrary. You know, that must be the day to the vision. That's on the editorial page. Yeah, it's a great one. It's right, age, a light 30. No, I don't have that. I have the good guy score about drugs in the scenario. I got losing the picture. So evidently, that's only the day to the vision is like a whole different ball game. Right. Why not? And we're in days. But really, they're, I have to reach the last pair of gifts because, and not in addition to their bullying efforts, all this entire election process. Now, they're petal and listen to this. Good luck will be a part of daily life. But as they sit behind their steering wheels, going nowhere, anti-tax voters can feel proud that they've had their revenge on those phenyl public servants. Unbelievable. Talk about sarcastic. Really, I tell you, the one thing that this election also proved. Maybe the people at the hearing will be like to pick up the deficit on the current metro rail every year. So the rest of the taxpayers and they don't have to put the bill from Eric Steerheim and all in the Maurice Farray and all the crap they stuff down the people's roads. Well, they're just trying to appreciate themselves what they perceive as the power structure. Two men. But the thing is that what this election also shows is that the editorial board is totally irrelevant to this community. Nobody gives it them what they think. Oh, no. You saw them. A ton of fact they had with those hysterical editorials of theirs and all the amongst them they tried to do. They had no cloud anymore. I know, but they didn't address that issue. They said about how this is a no vote of confidence for the administration. But they also, they didn't say how to no vote for the people who are in on the editorial board of the Harold. We don't do respect to Don is slipping. You know what I'm saying? Okay. You don't have that cloud anymore. Have a great day, pal. Thanks. Let's say we hate the Harold. He's standing in the Harold. He's fised the Harold. Sounds real good. Makes me feel good. I get goosey when I say that. In fact, I'm going to go home and take up right on the Harold today. I'm saving it. 560, 050, 5060 on a mobile one line. Did we get any cash to over spyre for it? No. Why now not? We got a big cross over between us and Zaded only. There must be two or three people out there. Did I look in on those for breakfast? Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. The list of the things you can see, I've raised the place on your desk at WNWS. Right. But I just wanted to know how come we're not talking about voter for what today? Meaning what? Meaning that obviously it doesn't work. Yeah. We finally had an election right. It wasn't close enough. I didn't do it. People did not vote. Right. I told you one of the answers. Okay. We don't talk about that out today. Okay. That's right. We don't talk about it because we had more than ten people vote. When you only got a very tiny percentage, which is what they want. Then it's real easy. Oh, we'll get a couple over here. We'll get a couple of dead people from over there. We'll get burdened. That's not a jail for two or three hours. Kill them and it'll be a little over here. Too bad. Not even close. You lose. Oh yeah. The pexalin voter. So in other words, the Harold is more. What they're really saying. And that editorial guy just read the was his, they're more in bed with the power structure and it was mayor of ping and all these other grave robbers and mayor of Stehran. And the rest of you people can basically stuff it up your ass. Like you just, you know, are feeling revenge. And what are you going to do now? Because the sky is falling. Not an arrogant disgusting, obnoxious attitude as usual. Congratulations to our friends at the arrow. If nothing else, at least you're consistent. And how does a guy like Carl Heisen look in the mirror and have any of his self-respect knowing that he works for a rag like that? Good thing he's making all I'm running those books about alligators. Here's a mobile info, Latterdale. Hello. Yeah, sir. Great job. Yes or what? Mr. Linus the Castro, but when they were upset today, you can hear your voices about the Nova who? Castro. Oh really? Oh yeah. You can hear your voices. They were upset about it. They wanted it to pass. Okay, great. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. We probably did. Maybe his daughter wrote that. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Danielle. Yes. Who wrote that? Oh, oh, shivie. Great push for Nova man. Did a good job. Did a good job. Who is the bit on? Okay. Who is that voice? Okay. Do my roles. Do your Michaels. Oh, I mean he was there for about 10 minutes at IOD that's okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember that. Why for now? I was driving back from Vegas last week. We came through. I think I was saying loads. We had a little argument because we ran across Chris Baker doing a thing up there. And either St. Louis can't sit on something like that. Oh, my God. Yeah. And she said, no, it wasn't him. I said, yeah, it was him. He's out there somewhere. I think Omaha or someplace like that link in the brass. Maybe maybe Omaha, maybe. Yeah. He's putting on a stick like he's real cool. No, it's all this neat stuff. Oh, my God. When I had to hurry and hear him at that. Oh, okay. I thought that was him, but obviously it was. No, it was the famous do Michaels who also said, who also said another break already. Hey, thank you for watching. Okay, I'm a great one. Good one. He's just great, but. 5. 5. 6705. 60. So Chris Baker is still on the air. No, mall. It goes to show you what kind of a business this is. I'll tell you. Do an exit down comedy. Remember his line. Oh, my God. Here's a mobile and cutlery of yellow. Yeah. Yes, sir. He, a podcast, you're nervous. Licked his ass. Oh, that's what I heard. Your buddy, Friedman Calvin, the guy that was going against the. For a time, yeah. They wouldn't even put him on. He said, we have a lawsuit. We can't talk to him. They wouldn't even put him on the air. They said somebody called and they said that they had a lawsuit. They couldn't even put him on the air. Well, let me ask you. Yeah, he had a lawsuit all right, saying that he was a chance to get the, because he said the wording was incorrect. But if that's the case, then how come it was okay for the mayor to debate Norman Bremen on no speaking English radio? How could I? He called, Paul show. He didn't even put him on. They wouldn't even take his call. That's, then we had a lot of reports on that last few days. So this guy was, I don't know what that guy called and it said that he was ripping. He was mad. He must have had a bad ballad. Yes. Okay, thanks for the good news. All right, just a butt sucker result. You are Paul. Okay, that's all you are. All you ever will be. Keep doing that great show with those 70 rating people working there with you in the morning. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the mobile one line. See if he had the burden on that show. Oh, my God, you're breath so beautiful. You're a little bit too much. You're a little bit too deep on that. Oh, I'm glad you could come there with you. Check out my breath, they're poking my mouth. That you're a little bit too much. Oh, come on, you're a little bit too much. And if I'm not on, but if you wanna take me with you, I'm on the way. All right. You should make it a day. You could go to Canada to be with me. If I breathe, you'll let it up red on me. She was 25 but she just left me. I was 25 but she just left me. I was 25 but she just left me. I was 25 but she just left me. That's my show. She's a married child. She's just a kid. You're a little bit too much. She's looking my body. I'm actually in the show. So, 32 at 5.60 WDQM. So, Tom Green Show is usual was great on MTV last night. The only depressing part is that George had me all whipped up about that undressed show. No, you were looking forward to it. You thought it was going to be great. Yeah, at 11 o'clock and it turned out to be a half hour. In fact, I could only last about 22 minutes and I said, Goodbye, I'm going to bed of make believe sexual tension. Well, the one girl did pinch her nipple there. And it was like PG14. So, you know what are they going to show? You know what are they going to show? You know, I'll be so maybe a couple of breaths. Pretty weak. Pretty weak is what I would say, but they can't all be time green. We got 600 open lines here and hour and 27 minutes to go until a hand goldberg show. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. I wouldn't be surprised if Hank has Joseph Gackey on today for a couple of hours. So don't forget, it's never too early to start with the no-doers. You know what I'm talking about? Wow. Man, that should be a ratings booster. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Congratulations. Thank you. I saw my house yesterday, but then it not before I got to vote. And I was really had a laugh at the way the ball was written. You know, show Miami Day to all these wonderful things for you. Well, like I said, on the other hand, I remember was one easy word. And that's the way that's right. Even the evening, it's good to do it. Oh, look at my father's death certificate. I was going to have info too, but that's that completely. Thank you. Thank you. Hey, Neil, listen. I don't know if we get your station up. We're moving up to playing the county. And I don't know if we get you up there. But no, if not, listen. But wonderful years listening to you and the power of raising all the song. Happiness is Miami Day to the review mirror. All right. Good luck, pal. Take care. Okay. There's another guy bailing out. They're all bailing out. There's a lot of people who are doing this. But one thing, they're going to be going to be on our tour. Go on to places where they might be living in breathing people. Flag or county. What is flag or county? Where is it? Oh, I know what's up. North. But I mean, isn't there any place like civilized? Oh, he'll be back. 567560, 560 on a mobile one line here on a tremendous Friday. You can feel it tingling in your toes. It's easy to be because of those election results. Or because. Does it get in the building? Here's the adventure. Hello. Neil, I have a question for you. I totally agreed with voting no one that is she yesterday because there is no way I trust this people. But let me answer the question. Yeah. Do you think if this city had a wealth thought out like plan a train plan where you would actually take a train, let's say from a broad order, Evan, to a offshore, down to Miami, and it would take it to the place you need to go like the Gabe or the Grover side of the beach or down, like real place and just down town for miles there. Do you think that would be beneficial to the city? It might be, but even then, it all depends when you say what it is taking to the Gabeles, or just as an example. What do you do then? Like the business district in the Gabeles. Like all the law, this is our financial district. Right. Yeah. Yeah. If it went to the right parts where the business area is and where the heavy population is. Yeah. But like they pointed out with the Steerheim piece yesterday on NBC, when they built the original part of the metro rail, they built it all where there was no population growth, yeah. I go to the U.M., and traffic down inside Miami can go off or go off. Right. And that's that Dixie Highway thing. Yeah. But do you ever think we will see? Because I think in the long term, we will need a mass transit system that will help out to take the focus away from car traffic. Yeah. Eventually, people might get sick and tired and I think if there was a real train, a real, you know, like a real city, not like this bunch of thieves, they just take everything and put into their pocket. I wish you swam there, you'd be ever think we'll see that. I don't think I'll be around to see it. All right. You'll think so. You'd be a great job. Good luck, perhaps. They had their chance to get it started 20 years ago as Dixie treatment pointed out. And if they would have started back then, then it would have been fine. If they were at Steerheim, what ahead is rearview mirror straighten out and run it up the old I-95 and out to the airport, etc. So on, then all you got to do is you make a leg over here, you make a leg to the geables downtown. Whatever this guy's talking about, it would have been easy. But no, what they did was spend, as it turns out now over $2 billion they've wasted. I'm afraid to know where a flop. But will overcome because quite frankly, you see, the problem with a lot of these people down here is they're very perocule. Oh my God, it's so bad here. These people have never driven in heavy traffic in LA in Chicago in New York, God forbid. So they have no idea what traffic is really all about. Yeah, there's heavy traffic here, especially during drive times. But it's not the end of the world. Well, they come into the net to an end. 560, 505, 60, 560 on the mobile one line. And just that they wanted to have a whole bunch of money that they and their friends could play with. Here you go. Let's see what we can do with this. Here's a mobile and Oakland park. Hello. Yes, sir. Regulatory. I was wondering, are you going to try to put a hole on the new baseball stadium also? Am I going to try to put a hole on it? Oh, oh. What do you mean by that? How am I going to have an election on it? You think? I don't know. You think they have a pretty good input on it? Yeah. I'll tell you one thing, since he's so young, whole buck building in Broward. If they want to impose taxes on the people in Broward, you bet your ass all Go, do whatever I can. It's got caught by a damn bridge here. It's a favorite of these damn things too. Right. Okay, give it a good regulation. Okay, thanks a lot. Yeah, if John Henry who, and of course, it's interesting that this putbacker Barry Jackass, he talks to all the people that you don't want to talk to. Like John Henry. And of course, just a gaggy. Yeah, him too. And about Mickey Harrison, how personable he is and this one never stole a freight train. You know, something very, it's the one that you only talk to the losers. Even Greg Reed don't want to talk to anymore, and that's really saying a lot. When a personable, Greg, he is outgoing guy like Greg Reed finally says, to you, Barry, you had it. Because you can kiss John Henry's ass all you want. The fact is that the guy's a billionaire and there is no way, no way in a hell. That the taxpayers of Broward County are going to spend one dime of their tax money to subsidize and build a play toy for a billionaire again. Already did it once. That was with money and all from the tourist allegedly. Most of it for quality. But they're not going to get blackmailed again, you know. And like I said before, the pantas would let okay Adam, or instead would have been upsetting a little bit. But life would have gone on. I'd survive. And the same with the Marlins, we'll pack him a guy damn submarine sandwich. Okay. Good bye. We survived without you. We'll see you. Here's a guy again, another liar. He said, you know, when he bought the team, okay, well, he'll if he has to, he'll put them on the up himself to build a stadium. Okay, great. Go ahead. We wish you all a lucky day, world. Whammy. Get it stuck. Yeah, baby. Baby. I guess you're supposed to know. I'm going to shag you rotten. Yeah, baby. I'm swinging the luck. You know. Hope you're not a fan-bark. Yeah, honey. Is that what I make you? Who tell me, baby? Good bye, you two now. Now, because Dr. Evil wants to kill me with my little friend Mini-Me. Yeah, I'm proud to still think it's not King 69. But just very fine. Yeah, see you, hey. Go home. Baby, it's Shag is gone. Okay, 1244-560WQM-56050560. We got 1600 overlives an hour and a quarter to go. Let's get with it. Okay, let's go. Come on. It's the Kiss Neils ass day. Well, I'm telling you, I'm going to have to go home and get the old KY on. Or what is it? Not KWM. That's a bad choice. We're not a real bad choice. That was like a self-acto inflating kind of a comment. A self-language comment. Well, I'm telling you they're kissing me on both cheeks because they said, you done it, baby. And you know what? I'll pay credit. I done it. Here's Miami. Hello. You sure? How you doing? I'm going to respond to a call or you're out of a two-colors ago. He's a total moron. No one. This is a driving city, a shopping mall city. No one will ever take a metro rail or any kind of bus. Well, let's say then when you get off, where do you go? Okay, maybe you come browner today and then what do you do? Even if you go right to the heart of Miami, no one's going to take it. Has any kind of money? You're going to go in your car. Your AC car. You don't want to be in a bus full of shots. Has everyone else? Yeah. You want to be in your own car? Well, how about if we have to get to the buses for a start? We ended at a good call of 30 years. Right, that'll be ours. Yeah. So, you know, it's actually going back to the front again, yeah. He's not getting a good education at UN, but he's a total moron. But what do you expect? He's going to UN, what do you expect, man? I don't know. He's an idiot. I can't believe he would face his genesis in an icon. Like that. Truth and packaging. Yeah, that's another issue of who we are. What do you expect from who we are? Okay. We're great day, bro. All right. Okay. In low. And we know that. Hey, they're good for something. Anyway, I guess. 1060, 705, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's North Miami, hello. Hey, hi, Neil. Congratulations. Thank you. I want to great job. I can't feel my subscription to Harold over two years ago. They're calling. Trying to give you know, here's another thing they write this morning in the paper. Of course, all thoughts of creating the kind of mass transit system that other world-class city won't plan. Yeah. Take for granted. I don't know whether the Lifer cry when I read these locals down here. Keep it going. This is a world-class city. I've been all over the world. And this is such an unworld-class city. Quite a joke. Oh, it's sickens me. They've had a lot of people all jammed into one part of the world that makes it world-class. Yeah. I guess Calcutta's world-class, too. Yeah. Rick and American, Calth Fett. Yeah. It's a real. Now they want a two-cent guest tax. We ought to vote on that, also. That'll only generate about a pit and compared to the thing. Yeah. But it's still my finance, a couple of buses. Yeah. That paper does this community such a disservice. It's disgusting. Yeah. I can't even wrap fish in. And keep in mind that they all moved out to California. They're busy dictating us. Yeah. We'll be doing here. Right. From sitting in the out in a real city, they can tell these olios, you know, what's best for them. It's just keep in mind, even the olios, just they have a big fat. No. So they're catching on. They're going to wake up. Right. Thank you. Have a great weekend, pal. Five, six, seven. We got two lines left at a board an hour and twelve minutes to go here. It's getting really, really grim and slim, you know. Only have a marlin game today or something like that. Come on. Let's put one on. Let's play the tape from yesterday's game. We want to, especially where Alex Arias hit the tree run home or for the police. Nice going, Eric. Guys. I know that was before John Henry's time. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to buy a projection TV and I'm used to XPR. What did you buy that you don't like and did anything you did like? No, no, I didn't buy it. See, I thought I didn't like it. There's all television that's attached to you but I do like it. I had to set it up and adjust it and watch it for a few days. I like it better than the XPR. You do? Yeah. And is that the high-deft ready TV? No. It's not. No. Okay. And the price was a lot less than the XPR. Not that I was shopping for a price but I'm just telling you it's, uh, I think it's great. All right. And thank you. Awesome picture. Okay. Good luck, pal. Okay. 16 open line, 1500 open lines, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on a mobile one line. We're never going to make it today. Just when I thought, just when I came in and six, we're right back to where we were before. We had a couple of days we had a lift up there about this stupid election. And now we're right back to where we were. Yeah. Maybe that's because Joseph Gackie was in the building. Maybe that's the rubbed off on the transmitter. Of course it makes you kind of wonder about this latest development that we just saw here now. You know, it's, uh, maybe there's, uh, you know, some decisions still not been maybe it, which we got our fingers and legs crossed. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let me just sit here. Give the number to a clock. That'll kill some real good time. Pound 5, 60. It's a free call. We pay for it on a mobile one line. The bees leaves pay for it. So what's your excuse? Here's Florida City. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What do you think about Barry Sanders? You think it's time to retire? Pal, let me just tell you this. If you played for a crap team like he did all those years and took all the punishment, they need to quite a hell not. He couldn't miss any meals. You think you don't think so? No, I don't think so. He couldn't miss any meals. 5, 6, 7, of course. So I really don't think about Barry Sanders when you come right down to when we're some very emotional articles about that, Dan LaBaston. Oh, what a terrible way to go out. You know something I got news for a Dan LaBaston. Barry Sanders has got more clansion. It's a little finger than you got in your whole huge red body. Just because you wrote a couple of columns that finally made sense after all these years, don't start getting a high-end mighty with the rest of us. And then of course, Michael Mayo, who just goes to the opposite extreme, oh, please say it isn't so Barry. Please reconsider. Like how the hell is Barry Sanders going to change our lives? Who plays in Detroit for a horseball team? How does he going to change our lives? I come back and play in one more year or whatever. God, are you a silly person? Michael, maybe sports, the sports people are the silly people. Don't forget that, okay? Yeah, the sports people. I was silly people. And I want to apologize to all you golfing fans out there because you people are head-in-shorters about the football people. Because I never saw anybody in a golf tournament had their face painted. You know what I'm saying? Did you? No. I never saw anybody in a golf tournament where one of those stupid shirts, you know, one of those stupid outfits with a jersey. Look at like a goddamn clown in a circus without the red rubber nose. I mean, let's get serious. I like to watch a little bit of football, not nearly as much as I used. Because it's watered down or so many bad games. You have to, you have to, you have to, on a Sunday, back out of got the package on a small dish. You have to go through like 7,500 games before you finally get one. That might be competitive and might be entertaining and close. And between two teams that really exist instead of all these fans. But that's the price you pay for greed and expansion and all sports. Is it becomes really watered down? And as a result, they have to put on all this other hype to try to make it exciting. Make you think that it's really great. Oh, it's enjoyable. It's really great. So my apologies to the golfing people because it's terminal as your lives are. Your heads and shoulders above the football nerd. I'm not just talking about the football fans, but I'm talking about the nerds, the ones that call it station in January with football questions like weeks after the Super Bowl is over. The football nerds. I'd rather watch auto racing. I'd rather hang out with those people. Okay, those rednecks. And Joe Costello. Who's an Italian redneck. And I'd rather cook before I hang out with those rednecks at the end of the old All that crap. But the football people, man, some of them have got a very, very serious problem. I don't want to, you know, I don't want to be on a parade because I know it's been a long boring summer. The Marlins are terminal like with a death. They're more boring than the touristic act, which is saying a lot. But the football people are trying to say you will message. In fact, let's have a big t-shirt for all the football people. I have no life. Yeah. Truth and packaging. I mean, now hockey now that's a different story. See hockey isn't just a sport. It's a way of life. I didn't hear of any. Now this guy wants to know about various standards. How about somebody important? How about somebody with real talent? Like Dominic Cashick who says it's last year. I'm taking all the abuse from the media. And I don't blame him. He can go back there to his native country, the Czech Republic. And he's going to play there, which he will and make a fortune. And be the hero of all of God, Dan Europe. And I have to take all the crap of us. Well, is he really injured? Isn't he injured? Is he laying down? I have to awhile. I must get pretty tiring. You know what I'm talking about? Right, Dominator. And by the way, learn a little English before you finally leave. So they've been here like 15 years. Here's a mobile and high-lea. Hello. Hello, me. Yes. You will get his fake self to sell us. And we're here. Okay, for a nice hearing from you. Okay, call up and talk to you all. Watch his name during the morning show. Share me, chat. ESPN. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. You know something. When they, they shouldn't list. They should have Jeremy Shap on permanent on that morning show. Even I would listen. He's the best. I mean, he ain't no beful, you know, but. Oh, sorry, Benny. Here's a Pemberg Pine. Hello. Yeah, I knew I did get a report on the Barney Andrews text story tonight. So go. No. He was in a clothing store talking to a store owner. You know, I'm just telling you to go up to Atlanta real fast. It took him about 20 minutes without the plane yesterday. Yeah. He's talking to a store owner and he says, so, um, say I want to buy some clothes from my, um, white for girlfriend. How much extra is the taxi? And the guy said, Hey, boy, what's that in your mouth? He totally stuttered before saying the white for gold. Oh, I've already did. Yeah, last night, our trash got to talk to my, uh, Nikolag one in laws. He or about the vote, yes, we're going to head to straighten them out a little bit. You get the job done. Oh, yeah, these are unbelievable. Nice. Totally convinced to do it. Good job, pal. All right, man. And don't forget, we're that talking about women. 567560, palm 560 on the mobile one line. Well, I'll tell you a nothing. That channel 7 newsroom. Can you imagine how that they got the paperboard back over there? Wow. They must have a track marks on the floors over that place. All the people chasing each other around in the, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. The congratulations. I was overwhelmed with that vote last night. I didn't think you could get it done. I had a feeling it was going to get beat, but I never in my wildest dreams expected 68 to 32%. 2 to 1. In fact, you know, I said to you today, I'm hoping for 2 to 1 and that's exactly how it turned out. A little bit more than 2 to 1. Absolutely awesome. Especially the money that was spent, you know, pro. I mean, they're, they're really ought to be in the investigation. The hell this morning had a little publication about how voters didn't have any confidence in their elected officials. Well, how the elected officials at Florida Atlantic University are pointed with officials. As Florida Atlantic and Miami, they spent hundreds of thousand dollars of money to support. Okay, great. He said the bullcraft. All of a sudden he disappeared real fast. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. Sir, you're forgetting carried away. You're forgetting you're in America. You can't say those words. We have the word police and the word police, especially lately, are getting real nervous. Because they figure if they really clamp down and we don't say those words, at least in public. Then nobody will shoot each other anymore. Like they kind of land who went nuts yesterday. I'm sure probably heard the word bullcraft one time too much in his life. And he just went over the age and killed those 12 people yesterday. And his former wife and mother in law for six years ago. If we can just crack down on language, people in America will stop. So let me tell this brings up. So I apologize, sir, but you can't say bullcraft on a radio. It's just not the American effin way. 12 56 is 5 60 WQM or it can kind of a second end here today. I think I can feel it. I can almost smell it. It's so hard to do. And it's too hard. And now, thoughts. The universe is strange and wonderful place. And needs to be treated with respect. Cute and cutely teddy bears can eat you alive. Always pay off your debts, because you can't always count on killing the bill collector. I think the pair of things to go wrong. They usually will. When something is out of whack, does that mean that at some point it was in whack? Uh-huh. When she gets a picture taken, what does it say? If you buy stolen equipment, make damn sure it can't be tracked back to you. If you stood next to Billy Blank on top of the tall buildings and pushed them off, you scream like a girl all the way down. If you piano player is called the pianist, why don't we call race car drivers racist? If people from toll in the cold toll, why don't we call people from Holland? Polls. And that is the thought such a day. Good point. Okay, it's 101 at 5 60 WQM. We got a couple of open lines 5 60, 050, 60, 050, 60 on the AT&T while it's 1. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Yes ma'am. Oh wow. I assume that you have the same picture in the front of the hero that we did with the Mayor for Nelson and on his foreheads like, I can't believe it. Yeah, he's saying boy. Exactly. I don't know if you've ever noticed, but the person who took the photographs, his name is David Bergman. I assume that's the same one that you have. And he's one of the fine young photographers at the hero. Whenever you see a great picture in the hero, he's using in the sports section. That's, I know what he does a lot of those. It gives. He's, I knew him when he was a little kid. He lived across the street for a 25 years ago. He's not even 30 years old yet. He manages to capture the moment. And that's certainly, don't you think that really captures the moment yesterday? Here it is. It was X on. Well anyway, I'm good talking to him. Thank goodness. We got it done yet. Thank you. Thank you for a 711. No, thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. You'll get in your car this weekend. You'll get out there on a Hershey highway. You'll drive around to the world. We'll not come to an end. And it will not be any more third world that it was before. And people are not going to be moving their businesses out of town because this penny sales tax lost. Oh, yeah, the sky is falling. Just talk to Tom Filerow in his hair. He's protected. He's got that yellow trench coat that he's safe from back in the Gary heart date when it was falling. Him or I would have been a killer. So he has not to worry about the sky falling. He's got protection. In fact, too bad somebody wasn't using protection that he was conceived. We'd all been better. Well, you know what I'm saying? I head of the game. Here's Pemberg pie. Until. Hey, Neil. You're a time listener. First of all. You know that I voted no one to pay me back then. No. No. Yes, sir. Yeah, I voted no one to pay me back then. But our point is that as a point, I let you know that. Here it came to a fact. Okay, great. Thanks for the. Thanks for the bullet. Okay. Thanks for your creative input. In fact, you can input it right back in your back. Overcame from. I look at those straight Jewish facts better myself. Yeah. 560560. See, this is the problem. Well, you don't have work for, you know, got to put these punky kids to work clean up the crap office streets. Shut them up the dog dropping. Got too much time to dittler around on top shows. That's the problem. Right pal, is that what we're talking about? Yeah. Even like when I played the. Oh, still didn't catch on. Probably a UM guy. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. And I think you deserve all the kissing afternoon. And I'm here calling you to give you a big kiss. Okay. That's great. Great. Um, I'm glad I didn't go through because I mean, it was really stupid. The taxing. Yeah. I thought that was really stupid. I thought they were going to get away with that. And by the way, that card is called. He's a total jerk off. Okay. All right. Thanks, Ella. I love you, Neil. See you. Bye. Okay. Oh, yeah. That got why the kiss my S 2. I cut him off. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Fort Lottodale. Hello. Yes, man. This is my face time cooler. Yeah. And I'm in the hospital. Oh, my heart. So I'm calling you because you know, Craig Widing. Yeah. He says that your his best friend and he says he's going to give you a call. Sometimes. He says he's a nice friend. Yeah. He said he wants you to go on his show. He's inviting you. How can I do that? I work on this station. No. He goes on from six to nine. But I work on this radio station. I don't make appearances on other radio stations that I don't work on. No. He just wanted you as a guest. No. That's what I said. You won't go. No. What he said is going to give you a call anyway. No. And I like his show. And you're very nice. And the nice is over here. I listened. They said that you were very, very intelligent man. And I am very, very intelligent. And he said that he speaks very good English. And I do. Well, the nice is in the back to see us. The nice is okay. Feel better. So we'd take care of yourself. Bye bye. Bye bye. Tell Craig for get it. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. I talked to Craig in 19. He's a good guy. We should all the best. But life moves up. Okay. A little bit in the wrong place there. And I think the timing would be kind of inappropriate if we let that go right now. Although when you come right down with who cares? Do we really care? No. No. Here's a mobile in David. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey. How are you doing? I got a funny story with the old folks that are driving. I'm a car salesman. Oh, nice. Yeah. And a place that sells cars. A very old people. Yesterday we had an invitation. You know, coming to your umbrella. You know, a guy came in on his walk. He must have been 90 years old. He forgot to put his pants on. Oh. He walked in the showroom. What does Walker with his underwear on? And his underwear were halfway down his butt. His crack was shown. Uh-huh. Beauty. That is incredible that these people drive. That's right. Hey, we're right back out. Maybe it's more comfortable having his butt crack there. So we sit on those three pillows. You know, you get the right spot. I thought I didn't get a call until the end of your day. I think it didn't request. Yeah. Miami Vice from 15 years ago with the Palandelle. People on the bus. You got it. Thank you. Okay. Bye bye. A little crack problem there to dealership by guess. 560, 50560, Pont 560 on the AC. That's another thing about the traffic at this time. That nobody wants to talk about whether it's the Harold, the Mayor, or anybody else because they don't want to offend any segments in his town. But the fact is if you got all the geeks off the road who don't know how to drive, if you would teach the pigs that go a little bit over the speed limit is not bad. That the traffic flow is what might traffic move in real markets. Then maybe we can improve traffic in his town by at least 30 or 40%. If you got all the beat up old tired vehicles up it, that don't belong on a road number one. And number two all the geeks that have no driver's license in all insurance number two. And number three encourage people to zip it along and keep the people going faster in the passing lanes in the left hand lanes. Just a little sense of a law enforcement would help traffic out in big county. But God forbid that we should do that because we're too busy sitting here with our radar guns. Shoot the down of God damn straight. Okay. Right in business. Man, you talk about people who can't drive it for their life to save their lives. That's why when they had the 25% increase on the tool they're like on one 12. The day I came back from vacation from the airport that day, you would have thought that the sky was falling. Hey, what do I do? You know, I hate to break the news to you. Like I've told you before, whether the tool is 25% 50 cents, four and a half bucks. You still have to stop and pay it. Wow. What a concept. So maybe if they pay a little bit more attention about those kinds of things without spending any real amount of money, it could actually improve traffic flow a lot. If that's what they really were so concerned about instead of all kinds of wonderful juicy projects for their construction friends. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Dear Aladdin, I don't know if you remember me. I was the guy who's how she said on my Aladdin view. God, I miss you. Even though you walk like hard, call all my hair off. I miss you, girl. But one quick question. Do you think you could let me go? When you might let me out of this pit, someone spent me for weeks, but I'm not complaining. Don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my heart, but if you happen to see my mother, we let it all. I'm not dead yet. Dear Aladdin, I want to tell you that. The guy who saw with your best friend that wasn't me. He kind of looked at talk just like me, but that surely purely coincidental. I was nowhere near that place. I love you too much. Look at anyone else. Dear Aladdin. I had a dentist appointment that day. I was nowhere near that Sharon's metal lift. Oh, tell. I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good with all those rarely-sadzones and marnys. Make them out of the other pit with. No. 15 to 550 WCM. A couple of people facts me this editorial, which is only in the day to the edition of the hero today. Stock and traffic. This is, you know, something I wouldn't wipe my ass with this. Okay. Especially as red as it is right now after all this ass kissing I've had here today. I wouldn't come close to it with this piece of crap. Who would I have are you kidding? Of course they're all over the place. Well, the mayor has been dealt a lousy hand, but they deserve it because they made all these promises to this one and that one. And that 100 and 3 million yacht. It doesn't say anything. Okay. Doesn't say a dancing. Other than the sky is falling and what are we going to do in the audio? Uh-huh. Where were you 20 years ago when you tried to when you helped to push over at first metro rail, Bona. All you fakers at the hero. Most of these people weren't here then. I was here. You were the ones that helped to put it over and then just a couple of years later. You were the ones that told us in the front page to trap out traffic magazines. What a white elephant it was. What a piece of crap that nobody was writing. What a boom dog or what a flop. Where were you with all your creative suggestions 20 years ago? All you may have been saw you experts at the hero who know so much better than all the rest of us. What's good for us? Like now too, it would be good for us like a real newspaper in this town. It would be real good for us. Oh! 5605050, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Boca. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Pretty good sir. Oh. Did you see the article on the Sun Sentinel? I think it was over the weekend about the Bishop in San Francisco that had the Resign. And I know that on the year last week. I'm sorry. I must have missed it. I was amazed. You know, the guys were sex-laced. Yeah, well they're just another isolated incident. People fact is going to turn. Yeah. That's his prison bitch. Right. Take your Neil out of here. Thank you. Good idea by the way. Haven't played that in a long time. Let's play that today. I'll do it. That'll kill some good time. 56050505060 on the AT&T wireless line. All you silly people that are going to go to church this weekend and put money in a coffee. They're so you can keep things up. They're using these corrupt institutions. Of course, across a lot of money. You know, for a guy to wear an outfit like that. You know, the guy's going to wear a dress. It's got to be a fashion plate. First it's the collection plate. So we can be a fashion plate. Just like the Swiss guard. They're sure they sure look 40 don't they? With those nice striped outfits? 56050505050 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Congratulations. Thank you. And thank you so much for all your hard work. We really do appreciate your help. You're welcome. And I also wanted to tell you that I was watching the county commission meetings this morning. Oh, the head one. Oh, yes. It was a carryover from yesterday. And they said they were going to meet at 9 o'clock sharp today. Yeah. Well, they kept calling the row and calling the row. And they did not have a quorum until 10 o'clock. And then they wonder why people are upset with the commission. Well, maybe some of you will hung over after last night's debacle. Probably. But also you realize that McGill gives a deportia. And commissioner Havier Soto was against this act. Right. Well, I understand that while McGill was speaking on a Spanish station. The Nell has had his aid get the communications director to recover the county seal on the podium and to take down the county seal back of the podium while he was giving his press conference last night. Yeah. Did they lost? And then he wanted to know who's going to come in. So in other words, one commissioner can't speak like a member of the commission. The only the mayor can do that is that what he said. I know because he was speaking against the cat. No, but I'm saying the son of the board. If he didn't share the same opinion, therefore he didn't represent the county. I guess so, but it also acts of communism. Right. And Mr. Comonista, how do you like that? Absolutely. And then. And body cone. The mayor. They said that their mind told him to do it. Yeah. Well, when I'm going to tell you something right now, keep in mind. The mayor is just a little pimple. Okay. Marit's fear. He's the chigrant of woodpuff. He's one of the power brokers in his town. That's pulling all the strings. He's the one that's got the contacts. All the people who are destroying this county. Just like he did when he was here the first time 20 years ago. The mayor, he's just a little weasel. Right. You've got that. And it's just the main. And let's see, and weasel is way out of this one now. Right. I love the picture and the paper today. The poor little mayor. Yeah. Does the make you feel good? It does. I would have it framed and put it on the wall. Well, I'm going to. Great. I think everyone should send sympathy cards. All right. Okay. Thanks a lot. Yeah. Send that postage. Do. Five six seven. Then probably one other penny sales tax to pay the postage for that. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. And this Maurice for you. See that I've been telling you this for years. The same old tired faces. Xavier Swahres. Maurice for a joke on a royal role. Martin is, I mean, Jesus Christ Almighty. Merit's fear. Of course, I'd say let's get to the new blood. But all the other people that ever held office are wanted to run their all in jail now. That's the problem. But maybe when they get out. All our role in Martinez and John Lemell once they get out, they want to back in again. Anyway. Plantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. On the news. They were reading that note that left by the killer in Atlanta. Yeah. Yeah. Is two kids in his wife or in heaven, which are open now? That was in the note. Was that what he said? I guess maybe we should stop putting warning labels on the Bible, right? Right. Because George was reading from those freedom from religion pamphlets. And it's something like, if you can tell your enemy and his baby. So I guess we should stop putting pamphlets with these adults too. Yeah. We should get on this. And of course, this show, this guy, obviously, by his behavior was crazy and a bed bug and like, have always told you that more religious they are, the crazier they are. Well, let's see if people get after this too. I wish I'm good job on attacking two new. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Yeah. You go into any large city, which, of course, this place. Are you going to like a like Toronto or like New York, like Boston? And out there in the downtown areas, they're all these crazy people. Hending out the religious stuff. Oh, here you go. Praise Jesus. And of course, I don't, I don't, doesn't bother me. Just walk by and kind of stick with yourself like, like that crazy people. You know, the religious people, the really, really religious people. Those are the crazy people. Oh, yeah. She's in heaven now. Probably, and of course, his first wife and his mother and law. They're also in heaven. God, I must be getting re-accribed up. They're just from this one guy. Well, the other two had to go pick out a nice spot for the other one. Oh, that's right. Well, they had six years to do it. They should have a real nice plot all laid out. And of course, don't forget they couldn't be in hell because the Pope says, There's no such physical place as hell. It's a state of mind. And he only should know because any guy walking around with a Binian dress like that. Here's for Lauderdale, huh? Yeah, they'll. Yes, sir. We're looking in correct. And I check Thompson. What is it? Jack Thompson, I'm probably thinking incorrectly. Are they? No. He was on politically impaired. Was incredible. Based on what? I don't know. What did they do? What rock did they do, Kim? I don't know. It was something about religion and, you know, Oh, what great timing that was after what I just said. Oh, you couldn't believe I let me to fool others. Wacky, Jackie? Yeah. They just. It's the host, he kept saying, I don't know. I don't understand what you're saying. I can't understand you. Yeah. I'm not saying, just look at them like, what is this kind of free color of monster? Yeah, he was wonderful. My favorite line he always used to have was, Get the whole over. I'll be more on mine. That was always my favorite. Have a great day. Thanks for the good news, Bill. Okay. Now I know why I always hated that show. Oh, we got to look at that. I have one of these real cheap, galante, whatever these things are. And now we got our cigar supply from John Peanuts who just came in. So that's some, actual monos. I'm big, you're important. 560, 50560, pound 560, you're on it. I thought they're all H.O.I. monos. I thought they all were. Of course, as opposed to the one you're holding. No, I'm talking about next. Yeah, some rose out of the night. I don't know what these are. The boys. Bundles. All the people at next are done by hand. 560, 50560, pound 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady mobile in West Palm. Hello. Lady mobile? Yes. Hi. Yes, man. How are you doing? Good. Thanks. Let's say I want to congratulate you on your rating. Thank you. Excellent job. We all enjoy listening to you. And listen to my father. He's been bugging me. The long, long time, listen. I never called up. So I decided to make the call. He's been telling me about this takeoff. You have an M&M song. My name is. Right. He's been singing it every day in and out. And I've just got to hear it. I've never heard it. Yeah. Yeah. Not really. But he told me it's excellent. He's always quoting from it and talking about you. So I figured I'd give it a shot. Talk to you in the next 30 minutes. It's quite a moment here. Really? Really? Yes. Sounds good. And the song too. Have a great weekend. You too, Neil. Bye. Congratulations to watch, baby. Great rating. Great election results. Oh. Huh. Few calls this week for the middle of July. That's not too bad. The end of July. God damn, we'll be back on August. Honey, like that. When we come back on the earth, we'll be August. Man, all man. We're getting closer to that. Why, too, Kay? Are you worried about that? No. No. Not if you got to brain do not. Of course, all of a sudden, just types. They're taking their money out of the bank. They're stuck out of their mattress. They're going to move a little bit like that. Of course, they always do that anyway. With it without my, too, Kay. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, Neil. You're ratings are only because you're following the first team. Yeah, that's true. I forgot about that. Yeah. And I'll have you know that I got my type of me, Jersey. All right. Okay. Blow it out to your ass, Mitch. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. How's that? How truly said, the greatest sport in the world, and nobody here knows anything about it. We got a team, you know, or at least kind of a semblance of one. On there, as long as I live, I'll never forget going on vacation last year in the spring vacation coming back. And I'm over there in Europe, and I'm reading US today in the pot. The pop-elborious time with a Florida panthers. And I'm going, yeah, wow. And I come back on a year like, and they're going, who's that? Who's that? I'm saying, aren't you people excited? They're going, yeah. Of course, look how many years it took in the catch-up on politics. And they're a little bit slow down here. Probably like 20 years after we lose the team, they've moved to, uh, Geneva and the orchestra, and we're, they'll say, oh, yeah, that pop-elborious. He was pretty famous. He was good. But it takes him a little while. They're just a little slow. Try the, you first, please. Wait till you hear this, even better news. Indeterminate Veteran to treasure the trash so myова, Take laatscenes with the Assistant to the lion today. Give me a minute. I can't wait to see what's up with this. With this smelly chin. So many eyes. I'll float it and I'll sleep back then. I'll try to keep that. She wants the CD. I'll just stop her to use it. I've ripping her and ask what songs like this. We've got to be fine to add all the music from that self-remoting of we. How much were you gay? How much were you gay? Four Monica's gay. Four Monica's gay. My Richard C. Melence's gay. So much gay. Good job. I want you all with breathing a little. I'll get my gift. I want to be laughing. You're a gay man. Let me have a self-biography. Just Rudy, you say you're a fooling. You've had a conscience of me, smelly chin. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. In giant it today, it's just a flash on the street and there will flash in and the news to you. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. Is real? Is that what you said? Is real. And you ever want to know him? You ever been to air, uh, after we'd the word and all like. Hero at, not there or at, what is that thing? I'll tell you kneeling while. You ever will. I want to let you know that I love you. Oh, that's a hospital. I have a Lord of the two kneel. I'm serious. Okay. Get yourself some help out before it's too late. It's a big wide world out there. You'd be amazed at how great it is. Once you get your brain all clear it up. You know what? Yeah. If you ever want to meet with me? No. And I can talk to you. I'm serious. And you see, that's one of the reasons that most rational people despise all this crap is because people like you. You can believe whatever furry tales you want. I'm not interested. Okay. No sale. All right. Okay. You take care. Okay. You take care. Okay. You're on the same team. Yeah. God bless you too. And now you can go ahead and sneeze. 560. It's the stench of common. We're going to man. This is always talking about 560. 560. You can't do a hello sir. Name. What do you are? Yeah. He had to have been a look for before because only me then would know that. Well, I never said that whole call. Because the world loves me a lot of times. Yeah. Right. That was the bogus call. Two short things on my play. One is lame and the other. I'm interested. Okay. The lame one is of driving alongside a new Corvette the other day. And I see a sticker on the passenger window that says something to the effect of the new generation airbag. You have one of these stickers. A new generation airbag. I need to know what that is. And I have 2.99. You did a wide. It was a new VAT and it had a sticker on the window really kind of small. You know like the hat is okay. Stickers. Right. And this said like new generation airbag. And like what the hell is a new. It's not as fast and doesn't kill you. It would be. That's really weird. The other thing is I had a. I was a television accident came across. When we the other day. Oh my god. You know that's more that's the wreck. That's not just a. I mean. Get better. You ever see Kenneth frequency. Yeah. Kenneth frequency. Still on. Oh yeah. They had a doctor who does penis enlargement. And he's there showing various different. What does that fallacies? What would the girl be a fallant? Well, can you fall? Yeah. Fallacies. Yeah. And you know they have guests there right in the studio. One of the guests is wine like. Oh. And he's handle. Oh. And he's handle. And he's handle. And he's handle. And he's handle. And he's handle. And he's handle. And I look at different innocent. Yeah. And I mean. I got a tire. I stopped and I stopped. I watched the rest of the show because it was really one of the most amazing things. Yeah. And you imagine. And probably look like he was having a good time too. This was a star. I mean he was he was exploring. He's the rule devices. It's Dr. brought on. And maybe maybe get rid of the jingles. And now he's into the tingles. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for that. Good news. You're phone's down. But have a great day. Thanks for the good news. I'm not the penis over on the internet. I'm not a hoarder. Holy makin' on. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil got. Never before has one movie brought together. Two people that know it in the country really cares about. You'll be bored to death when you see Julia Roberts, Bigmouth, and Hugh Grads, obnoxious smile in. Notting off Hill. Check local listings for theaters and times. Notting off Hill. So anyway, Hank and I were just talking here. So we were starting to interrupt me. It's 16 before 2, if 560. Hey, that was more important. Our discussion ended stupid joke. We're almost out of here. Yeah, Hank says sticking to the hairl to what Hank says. Not just a mayor with his selection. But the hairl got the real old chap with his right up the. Yeah. Nice going there Tom Filer. You and your corrupt bunch of crap. I'm going to be surprised to all high students right in for some other paper in a couple of months. Maybe like a real one. Here's Halandale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I like to say. I was just want to say that you were like. Yeah. You are a best because you like. What do you know on the penny tax? I would just turn up a little louder. I said you're a little louder that radio. Yeah. Yeah. Turn up. You know, hold on. Hold on. Hold on. I really type down. Then after about 30 seconds you can put it away. 560. 560. 560. 560. On the 18th. You were a sledge. See what I'm talking about work for man. Works every time. Put these kids out there clean up all that dog and kiddie. A crap all over the streets. Doing something constructed during the summer months. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Congratulations on the boat. Congratulations on your rating. Thank you. Congratulations to all of us. Man, we finally woke up. I'm wondering that the hands ratings take a boost with man to jump for the last week and half. We'll have to check when the next train comes out. It's so much better. Oh, sure. Thanks. Thanks. Just loves you for that. It's hard. For a week and a half was great from 10 to 6. I listened to both of you guys. Yeah. I got to thank you. I'm sure I love talking to you. You drive 670560, 960. 160. Hang just came in you, you're having a nice, big cigar. Oh look at this, a banana. A public. Whoo. Nick, eat your heart out. All we just did, get our cigars from next week. We got cigars up the old record. You'd feel like Richard gear. Man, cause John penis finally came back from vacation. Does that mean we're going to get some new copy for some of those accounts? No. No, but at least we got them cigars. Here's the amateur. Hello. Yes sir. When a car higher said that each mile car with a car will be arming his house. each mile cost a hundred million dollars to construct yeah I was thinking they could put a skyscraper on each mile of that road right I mean all it is is concrete in a rail and it costs them a hundred million dollars so it's just amazing by the way I missed when you say the numbers can you say them again or can I say them again one two three four five six I mean can I say what numbers what are you rating gigantic we had a ten point eight share and then twenty five to fifty four number one by a mile and we're kicking ass in the whole station did great all right that's never great weekend yeah we're kicking to the serious ass here really sure why some of the day parts all we know that it's got all the the compulsive gamblers locked up their at night and most of you should be locked up but hey a little something for everybody that's our ID here little something for everyone maybe we did very jackass issue huh that would be better than blind mic on here let's have very in fact we'll tie very up in a chair and we'll bring in some real skanky stripper in here and have a rubber breast of against berries I don't know what happens of course berries rectum that's what you think is this person that picture in the hero here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah yeah yes sir I just wanted to congratulate you on shutting down that a whole can help us yeah and I also I did it well go ahead of me pal yeah so I thought I would fall in the window that they just invited that take the trip like just headed on so I'm fifteen minutes ahead of you I'll get even played the song how do you like that that's great okay yes there's good things happening it goes to show you that's the way life is all you kids out there it's the yingen the angots the option that out but mostly it's the ins and the outs that's what I saw about is the ins and the out