Great job guys. Thank you. More 3-0-5-60. WG-2AM, my M-4-laterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. Oh, wow. Talk to Neil, call 5-6-7-0-5-60. Tol-free, red-dated rower. Oh, how close are you? You're a cell call. The opinions of Neil his guest's callers are. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WG-QAM. Beesley read acquisitions for the Beesley-Brotest. Oh, hello. Neil Rogers. On sports radio 5-6-2-8-0-5-60. There's only one Neil thank God and I don't want to be him. That's sweet. I did the crazy thing. I knew the open to learn to keep on it. And then I hit the street. It go check out my stuff. And what happened was ride all the barges. No. There was a black guy. Genson on the door. I said to him, I was down. And you're bloodlet going down. And look at me and if I was some kind of brain. And you won't believe what he's talking. Jake Booth, Jake the Booth. How did you like the Jake the Booth? Jake the Booth, fast and you don't like the Jake the Booth. I'm out and don't like the Jake the Booth. He's very funny, Jake for you. Maybe who's out of the zone? I said he's dead. And I'm in learning he's fine. I actually don't know what he's been in that deep. It's that his life is what I'll do. I'm off the loop on the bar. And that lay there. I'm not out of the dies. Someone called the Paramedic. Yeah. I'd be too dead. Then another dude said man, you but that he can't keep you. Do the body's again. And we'll be dead. Then you. Jake the Booth. Jake the Booth. How did you like it? Jake the Booth. Jake the Booth. Oh god! Dude! Don't. Jake the Booth. Jake the Booth. Oh god! He don't like the Jake the Booth. Jake the Booth. Yeah, I don't know a jiggle problem, which I'll share with you on your phone and tell you anyway. How about that Logan Gelney this morning? It's supposed to be a secret, but I guess we always let the cat out of the bag. I'll be sure anyway, right? Uh-huh. Let's load it out. Little try-beloom they floated this morning. I don't want you to be photo to get real nervous about it, but they uh, wanted to do a little test, uh, dry run so to speak. We took a vote in the studio here today, round the building everybody said, ah, Logan Gelney. Excellent. Big improvement over the usual, uh, you know, foot dragon, usual kind of fudging around. Where you fudge back it? Oh, whatever that is. So we'll find out from the audience. Maybe there are a lot of people. We don't have a lot of crossover about it. Morning show, do we? Oh, like five people, but maybe there's some people out there who notice the tremendous difference this morning. I know that the the, uh, the, uh, the hat size reduced at least by five or six. Not necessarily the shirt and the pantaluni size, but the hat size. You think maybe that's somebody about the worst team about the tremendous improvement this morning with boot before I get into my structure thing this morning? First I want to say that the step, for example, Georgia, especially with that Puerto Rican crap, totally unacceptable. Oh, seriously, totally unacceptable. If you walked into a room like that swing club, you keep going to. If you walked into a place like that, and you saw beautiful naked people in there, like people in the active undressing, would you like be running around asking there like, well, what country are you from? And what's your ethnic or if you know you'd be a hop-in on it in the heartbeat in a heartbeat? And besides most cases, you can tell without asking. No, I would see there you go again with all that smell crap again. But that's what you were going to get. No, no, you're talking about the quote. Very, very unacceptable, or your whole attitude about the people in general. I want to say right, for example, like JP, there's a good example. He's a way of school now. If it turned out he would have been Puerto Rican Mexican, Venezuela, and I wouldn't have given a crap last. Okay, he would have still been the same lovely young man. That's correct. I wouldn't give it a crap last. That's beside the point. You even like him. That's probably only because he's human. But at any rate, so I think that like I've always told you over the years, people are people, stop on this crap, except there is an exception. I've had a lot of problems. And I realize we do have in fact the last week or so. We discovered we had a lot of dark folks out there in the audience. Which is great. That's wonderful. But why do I continue encountering so many is it just bad luck? Is that what it is? Huh? Maybe I'm just unlucky. But now, it has so many bad experiences with dark folks. Like maybe there's another example, you know, right there. We had a real bad experience. Oh, it's big and hand by the way, before getting to my experience. I think if Carol said or wanted any of our friends, it said or wanted listening, I think you've got all the money from the QAM golf term that you're going to be getting. Yeah, I think they've got it all. You know how much they got. Yes, you know what the amount is? I think that's what they're going to get. I mean, when a general manager of the radio station stands here and a hymns and haws and does a nervous laugh, it says, well, wasn't much. Wasn't much. Well, how about a number? Yeah, wasn't much. You know what he's trying to say? That's what they're going to get squat. And of course, if I were the elected people from Logo, Mar or any of our fine sponsors out there or any of our listeners that participated and put up their hard-earned money to participate in a golf tournament because they thought that some of it was going to go to charity or a big chunk of it. I'd be kind of porked off when you know, I'd be really a psychotic. Think of what kind of an asshole places that anyway. Well, like I said, I think you get what you see is what you get. That's what you're going to get from that golf tournament. Speaking of, raw, I post personal best friend, Mr. Thickneck. So speaking of Thicknecks, and I've talked about Amsterdam, what a great place it is that go there all the time a million times a year. It's one of the great cities in the world. It's a fun place. The only, the only, I underlined, you've said to fact that the mayonnaise under French fries, that's what I'm most of your opinions. Beltsons do that too, by the way. The only negative thing that I see there is those dark complicated folks from like the Netherlands and Tiles who are standing all over the, you know, and not everywhere, but they're around more than enough to make you aggravated, trying to pedal hard drugs out on the street, you know, illegal drugs. Jack, madman, rock, rock, go. They all look the same, they all smell the same, they haven't bathed in years, their heads, they have the long filthy roster here, they all kind of like hunched over like quasi-moder one a bad day. There's the only negative thing in the whole city, which I guess is probably good, because, you know, you know, I need place to be paradise. Every place has got to have a problem. Then this weekend in Toronto, I'm going to convenian store downtown, beautiful weekend, 68 during the day, 50 a night, sunshine, it was fantastic, almost like Indian summer, it's beautiful. I'm going to convenian store, I'm getting the diet soda. Diet sprite, by the way, for those who keep track of these important things, on a show, that sprite, in a can. And I'm standing in line in this convenian store. It's fairly busy in here. It's like about half of those people online. I'm number three. And there's a young black lady who's in season front of me, and behind her was a young, kind of like a young rock. I was like, well, the thick, neck, you know, young guy about 20, but a real, a mean looking guy. You know what I'm talking about, real mean looking, you wouldn't want to fool with him. And now all of a sudden, he drops out of the line, he goes kind of off to the side of the store there. He's doing his courage in way, whatever he's doing. So that girl pays for her crap, whatever she's got. And now it's my turn to pay for my soda and get that out of there, right? But no, now all of a sudden, just as I start taking that step forward, I feel this elbow in front of me. And I hear a voice saying, what an evil man. And here comes our dark, complex young man, asshole with the attitude. And he's like, now he's decide to step in back in line to pay for his orange drink or whatever he's got. His watermelon juice. And he pays and walks out of there. And he doesn't walk out of there. He swaggeres out of there, you know. And the young Chinese lady behind the counter that works there, she says to me, oh, we have so many problems. You can't say that. We have so many problems, yeah. Why do I have so many bad experiences with black people? I want to say it again. It's very bad to generalize about any group of people. But in this case, I'm tempted to make an exception. There are very nice black people. We have four, five of them, and our listening audience, maybe eight or nine. Maybe three or four. I don't know. What's the name that does the occurs now? Dexter, great guy. Love is the show, by the way. I'm doing Dexter. Very polite, subservient. Can't even applaud if you wanted to. What's in the name of their joint? It's on the refrigerator, mate. You're right there. I'll be a cabinet yellow by next to Dvush's Jackson. Oh, Lush's Jackson Car Wash people. Under Dark Mill. Lush's Jackson? Who's the free sticker? What kind of a name is that? Let's be in band. Oh, I see. Right next to the lecture. Jackson. Oh, I see. I thought maybe there was Nimbus Car Wash. I know if you can see that far. One AAA Wash Wax. I can see anything. Believe me. Okay. Anything. I have amazing eyesight and hearing trust me. Well, I tell you. 10 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WC will get back to this in the second. Maybe some of our friends could help me overcome my deep-seated growing, ever growing. Negative to refuelings about black men. And of course you're making women who also happen to be black, but that's only a coincidence. You don't say? How about those washed the people in what are they? In the answer. Oh, I got my eggs. You know, fortunately, this broadcast may be reproduced. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. The permission of WQAM VV3's acquisition. Oh, how's that keep your Jackson straight here? Hello, I'm Tommy from PyTommy. Saying for the best high food and a best service. As long as you're not black, come on down to PyTommy or Southeast. We know like black people. They don't keep well. Besides, white black people are three type food anyway. We don't have fried chicken on the menu. Oh, wait. I forget. We have a spare ribs. Look, Jane, I told you. I just heard that we're the menu. It's a button. So, if you're not black, come on down to PyTommy. Come to think of it. So, Sam gave people. We know like they're either shooting the food, but they talk too loud with funny lips. They serve other customers. No comeback. So, no game, no black. And while we're added, light of people. You make reservation for 7-15. Don't show up at 8-20 and it's for you table. We give you to somebody else already. Latin people always lay. No black. No game. No Latin. It's high coming. And you're as people. You stop picking all of them. Who can't who have what? Pay with the angle. That's our upside. Take 45 minutes to try and keep the bite up. We ain't no one you hear. No tune. No black. No fact. No human. And white people, you think you better than everybody else. Come play too much if we don't keep your eyes. You're no comeback. No white. No black. No tune. No Latino. No game. Everybody else. For the best high food. Come on down through Typing on me. On the beach. Hurry. Before we had to close. So, what's that new Tycoon doing? Over the anyway. 10-16 at 5-60WQAM. Very disturbed. For example, here in yesterday's New York Times, Sunday Magazine is a big front-page story about kids shooting other kids in about are the parents responsible. And they got the parents of the young black man who was the only black student killed at littleton Colorado at Colomboi High. And here's a picture of the Reverend Al Sharpton. You know Al Sharpton? He's an asshole. And Michael Shoes, the father of the young black man. And they filed a lawsuit. These parents. It felt a loss of the against the parents of the two lunatics that did all the shootings. Cleveland and Harris. I just wanted to be a couple of paragraphs because as I was reading this on a plane coming back last night, it again reinforced those feelings that I have. Oh, man. And like I said before, I don't care what anybody is. You can be, I just, it's one of the worst problem in the world today. And all throughout history. Even within countries are they from Northern Ireland or they from Southern Ireland or they from what are in this country? Are they from the deep South, which of course you know what that means? But nevertheless, now seriously, people hating people just based on these artificial superficial crap. But I have a problem with black people all over the world. Looking Africa, for example, I was talking about this yesterday. Do you know that in South Africa, a woman gets raped every 24 seconds? There's no country in the world where rape is more common than in South Africa. Every 24 seconds a woman gets raped. But nevertheless, getting back to this story about the kids at Collabon. It says 72 hours before my son was slain down like it was some kind of animal Michael says. Isaiah, that was the son, was writing in the family of Van with Michael Vand of the mother and their father children. Out of nowhere, Isaiah asked us, what would you do if someone gunned down on your children? Would you go get guns? I said is there a reason you asked that. He said, Dad, I was just asking hypothetical question. He got real testy. I said, son, no, we won't get guns because we're not vengeful people. If anybody read anything, we'll take down one of my children. I'll try to beat it down. I'll try to strike it down. I'll speak against the direct of my life. Three days later, Isaiah's question took on the oral prophecy, leaving his parents to wonder what their son knew but would not share. According to an eyewitness, one gunman said, look, there's that little nigger before killing the popular athlete with what the autopsy report would show to be a single shotgun blast to the chest. Nigger says, Michael, all that's spitting out the word. That's the last thing he heard. Should that be the last thing you have to hear before the last breath leaves your body? Because of that word, and all it represents, the shuls is say, Isaiah's murder was more egregious, more shattering, more evil than the murders of the others of Columbine. It was worse than the others, Vandas says, what happened to Isaiah was worse? And it follows, they say, that their family is now old more. We are victims of an earthquake or we're like victims of an earthquake or hurricane, Michael says, our lives have been destroyed. And it's just somehow to suggest that the lives of the other parents who's killed a kid who have been killed there and that the other schools around the country, their lives haven't been destroyed. Is that what he said? And that his son was more valuable. This was, he said, let me say it again. It was worse than the others. What happened to Isaiah was worse? And I want to read about this lawsuit and I see that the Reverend Al Sharpton is there, egging these people on. He's an asshole. It just reinforces my feelings again. And of course, they're those people over the years. Is that why again, we know your racist. Think I'm a racist? When, now, what are you smoking? I asked you a question. I'm prepared to listen to the answer. Am I a racist? George? Yeah. Oh. Well, I think most people are in to an extent to some degree or other. The problem with me though is that it's getting worse instead of better. All those experiences and answered and the experience. See, one thing about Toronto, not only is it the cleanest big city in the world by that last poll that they took. I guess that count the number of pieces of garbage on the streets. But it's also one of the most polite. Torontoians, if anything, it's a fault or two polite. Look at a hockey game. You know, leave score, go. And they're, they're sitting, they're sitting down. They don't want to get up and block anybody's view. Like the assholes do here. You know, that, a little bit too polite. The enthusiasm, I stick, but very polite. So when somebody acts to you in a way that is not polite and his rude and sticks his elbow in front of you, and what the heck, when you're going and goes out of his way, they're sure you want to hide ass bookies, it reinforces my feelings of racism. And wonder what, what we wrong with Black people, you know what I'm saying? Bob is me a lot. So you can live your life based on stereotypes that you pick up from TV shows or or, you know, crap. Silly jokes. But when you, when you live your life if you're intelligent, you base your feelings about things on your experiences, on your life experiences. And the experiences that I have just keep getting worse and worse and worse and worse and worse. Select these names. These American names, these illiterate names. And the sports nerd people, of course, go on the air and doodifully grab reports. I'm like, this is the way it's supposed to be. Like lavender ain't as cold there on FSU. And that anphony hardaway. And for me, how you be doing anamphony, there's no such name as anphony. What do that mean? What what no, Silly, what does that mean? And nobody else did I know of ask these questions aloud. Maybe behind people's back there like laughing and tittering if I can say that. Like what kind of an illiterate bunch of bull crap is that? And for me? Well, what is that? Laverneus, L-A-V-E-R-A-N-E-U-S, labor ain't as. See what I mean? It's distinct. It's distinct. Yeah. No, seriously, there's got to be, I mean, people can scream and yell, it's like, it's like it's a gay pride parade. And all those silly, immense, pressy queens. I've talked about this a minute and a minute and a time before. I'm embarrassed by those people. I'm nauseated and revolted. They don't represent me or the most of the gay people. They're just obnoxious little faggots. And ask, what was like this kid in the convenience store? This hot shot, this little thick neck. Rawr. Junior. He just, you know, he just sets your back. He just sets your back a hundred years in your life. And you think, how can I coexist with animals like this? This isn't a person. This is an asshole. This is an asshole with legs and ears. Here's what Laverneus, hello. Yeah, how you doing? Okay, sir. I want to talk about that topic. You were the, we touched earlier with the kid that walked into this supermarket, wherever you were. Yeah. Let me tell you something with black people. This is what I, this is my own life experiences. For the most part, the one, the bunch will that work and actually have to burn a living, a decent living, not telling drugs or not robbing people or just are usually, you can actually talk to have a beer with through down to earth. Yeah. These punk kids that I know exactly what you're talking about, they don't do anything. They have a chip on their shoulder and they're just the root and they don't know how to act. And this is what this is white people off. And then we look like racist, but we're really not. As long as you act with some respect, you can see that if this kid would have been white, if he would have been Chinese, if he would have been white, and did the same thing. What happened? I would have been just as pissed off. I let thought, what a rude mother scratch of this piece of crap is. Exactly. He wasn't white and he wasn't Chinese. He was black. Well, because for the most part, these are the people that have the chip from their shoulders, it's the black. I'm sorry to say, and I'm not a racist. But what do they got to chip on their shoulder about? What is that going to happen? It's the old one. It's the old one. I want to make them and tell you this. I want to point it. People like Al Sharpton and Johnny Cochrane, and people that ignite the fire inside of it, they probably wouldn't have the chip. I want them to have the chip on a shoulder. For a lot of these idiot black politicians, but I'm sorry to say they aren't idiots. Mary and Barry, everything's black, black, black. I mean, if someone died, I don't think that this kid in the convenience store was influenced by politicians. Well, whatever it is, there aren't too many black politicians in Canada. Yeah, but they hear the rhetoric. I don't think so. And another thing is that I don't think he was too political. Yeah, he was just like your ordinary regular garden variety animal. And I said the kid that died in Colorado, that is disgusting for the parents to say that. Like, he said that he was worth more than the others because the last warning heard was Nigger. Well, what happens is to make what the last warning here is? How about the girl that says, do you believe in God? She said, yeah, he still heard. I mean, what's the difference? What your debt? Well, your black, white, or green, you're still dead. It goes back to this misery index again, you know, who's who suffered the most? Well, they didn't say that to black people. That talk about this all the time. Yeah. I mean, everyone, the Jewish people had seven million people died. I mean, the police still bring it up every day to we die. I mean, do you know some of them do some of them? In fact, I know some Jewish people who when they go to Europe instead of going places to have a good time, they take it toward the concentration camps. Well, they're doing wrong with seeing what happened, taking the torquet up. Oh, come on. But, but every time, you talk about a one-dimensional, what kind of an asshole wants to go and take a tour of all the places where they're in concentration camps? What is that? I mean, it's a free, it goes the Anne Frank House, which millions of people do. And, you know, spend maybe an hour of your lifetime, basking in the group, has an individual, but into an history. Yeah, but people should better spend three hours of life at a stupid ballgame. Come on. Then, then go to concentration camps, yes, sir. I'll pick the ballgame. Thank you. I'm going to Burger and Valsen and Doc Go and Auschwitz. Oh, my God. If I could tell you what, I haven't even know what the word is. I pity people like that who are living in a professional state of misery. Yeah, we're talking horrendous history, okay? But why in the world would you want to go back and revisit it? Especially when you were not in your relatives with their in a first place. And even if they were there, who would want to see it again? Yeah, I went to Europe for two weeks. What did you do? Of is it all the concentration camps? Haven't you ever met me, Barlachlan? Maybe they turned them into theme parks. So you leave it to you. Leave it to an insensitive little professional tube and like you put some kind of a rise on there. What did you do? I don't want to lose that rumor pin. 26 after 10 at 5 60 WQM as we try somehow to bridge the gap that exists between normal civilized people and barbaric unscivilized people who want to act like animules, okay? Which most civilized people don't want to be surrounded with people like that, okay? You get it? Only one South Florida radio station. We've got to have an answer to sports radio 5 60 QAM. We've got to have a call. Coach of Loveville Bradley. Don't we need Bill Bradley? Yeah. We've got to have a six feet tall. Let's throw back a phone. Coach of Loveville Bradley. Yeah, we need him Bradley. He's gonna win the race. Hey, people love him. Cause he isn't out of the door. Did I mention that he isn't out of the door? He played for the day. He doesn't borrow a stick. Yeah, we love him cause he isn't out of the door. Oh, we have a good year. Not alcohol. Not alcohol. Not alcohol. Yeah, he's not alcohol. After he had one time more. We love Bill of Love. Mostly cause he's not boring out of the door. Yeah. Oh, no. That's a good five 60 WCM destroyer. This is a media continues being sick as always. By the way, at least they're consistent before we get back to our dilemma. How we're gonna save the human race from dark soul people. So yesterday, of course, we got the news all morning long about the horrendous plain crash of this Egyptian air jet. And my also Brian is not the boring guy's name that's unseen and all weekend long. It's like he does 45 hour shifts on a weekend. He's on air talking to this one and that one. And of course, we're getting ready to hear all the lives from the NTSB, which is what they do very well. Now they're on the phone with one of their correspondence in Cairo. Okay. And the guy's going, you know, all those correspondence on the phone all we sound the same. They got kind of a British accent. Oh, it's really very tragic. And you hear in the background, some guy starts wailing and screaming and crying and carrying on. Oh, well, one of the people who are just behind me here is just discovered that one of his loved ones died because maybe I can hold the phone out and miles over. Oh, James, no, James, that's a well, now we're going to go over to anybody, please. Maybe I can hold. I mean, you could already hear it. I mean, and of course, what have we seen the last 24 hours? Air, we picked your AirB sound bite of people, gnashing wailing and crying. I think the kick to look a couple times. We don't think it reminds me of last week when I was talking about the painstrooter thing and that guy came out to family represented the make-of statement. Talk to us about and I'm thinking of myself, when is the day going to come when somebody in a media, one of these assholes with the microphone is going to say, could you cry for us a little bit? Could you break down? Could we see a cry? Could we could you show us your real feelings here? Because we like to read a short few tears and they'll make a could do it right next door here in a previous office tomorrow when he comes back. He cries at the drop of a hat wetting. So a few animals, bar myths of his brist. Halloween parties. But anyway, talk about sick. Almost this sick as this dark-complexed parent saying that his kids death was worse than the others and that their family is now old more than the honkeys who's I mean, he didn't use that word, but he might as well have. Whose kids were killed? What kind of an attitude is that? In addition to which what is this crap about who owes anybody out? So sick and tired about this attitude of everybody owes somebody because of somebody else's transgressions in the past or because of some tragedy that took place. We owe you something. I'll tell you what I owe you. I'm kicking the ass, man. I don't hear anybody else saying that anybody owes them anything. Here's Liberty City, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a long time, swat's a listener. I hope you called. And I respect everything you say about black people. I mean, while I live at Liberty City, they talk about a safe. What's up, my nigga and all this stuff? And when you come on there and say, somebody gets offended from the black people who doesn't say you should be saying it. The way I fulfill is eight. We do. We do. We do. Like the park-com, you can't hold black people. Yeah, yeah. And you know what else? I bought you a seating. It's a bar, man. All right. Especially when broke a Brian did that jiggerboot thing. It's a bad business. Yeah, I mean, I'm coming. I do. It's too bad that Dennis Rotten thing wasn't on there because I like that song. Oh, that's on a older one, yeah. Yeah. I'm also concerned about the key change. Yeah. And I'm going to get that too. But I want to get a little bit of George saying about Puerto Rican. Yeah. Get an important. At least when Puerto Rican come over here, they are a naturalized American citizen. They don't have to go through a queue. I look at all the things. I'm going to end up, yeah. No offense. No other choice. And I just want to let you know. I was at a rip. Oh, there was a murder in the center of a bitch. And I hope they get them on something else. Because I agree with you. I'm not just saying that. I'm not being a tarman. I'm just coming in as it is. Right. Can you keep up the good work, Neil? And you know what else? Even though people put you down because you have second and then all that stuff, I don't care. But you trip me out, man. You're at a bomb. All right. All right. Eight. And tell Boker Brian to do something about Liberty City, make a song about Liberty City. OK. That book and mine is a trip. He loves the good work. He was a piece of work. See you. All right, bye. Peace. I'll pray for you. 5675050, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. This is, you know, I mean, see American people, white people in particular, have been conditioned and they're just, you know, mumbling, muttering under their breath. And I'm not saying anything. I love because they're free to be called Oasis. I don't give a crap. You call me whatever you want. It makes no difference to me. And if I am Oasis, while I've been conditioned to become Oasis, because I'm constantly being confronted with attitudes of people like this punk. And it can be in store. I'm in here and it's right to buy that. So I'm not in there to make some political statement. I'm out of my pay for my guy damn diet, Sprite and get that out of there. Go out and walk in a sunshine. See all the beautiful people out there. All those beautiful white people. I mean, the people out on young street. And this guy's elbowing me out of the wet. Hey, maybe two minutes were elbowing. How asshole? You jack ass? People were the two, baby. And I don't care what they're all there. I don't care whether they're black. Well, I'm sick and tear. I'm not impressed. The only thing I'm impressed by is the level, the intensity of your assholeness. That's the only thing that I'm impressed by. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, what's up, Neil? Yes, sir. First of all, what did you guys get off saying? The caller that called, the two calls is for him, said that it's a black guy's not working. He has an attitude or, you know, I mean, that makes no sense to me, man. You're telling me that if I don't have a job that I'm an asshole, then you can't have a bill with me. You're in a family, sir. Yeah. It's not our black people. Come on, people wake up. And there are some big, new, new, new, young, black people are there. But if you're a young, black, white people, and Spanish people are there, that's because parenting, you know, didn't, you know, they were not successful parenting, you know? It's not, it's the person, it's not the color of the organization, man, you'd be amazed how well I would work. Exactly. When you've got some people making babies, what's amazing how dumb those babies usually are. Exactly. Some of these people have making babies, I still babies, you know? Yeah, that's right. Babies making babies. Exactly. So, I mean, you know, you can just put your finger on it and say, you know, because I live for the Johnny Conqueror that I'm the date. I'm a threat to society. Yeah. You know, I understand what's wide and what's wrong and is a time in case there's anything. Now, just remember what Chris Darden said. I don't give a sh** anymore. It's right. Thank you, Neil. I enjoy your show. I bless you, man. Thank you. See you. See you. We got a whole bunch of brothers out there. They're good people. Okay. They listen to this show. That's good enough for me. I don't think. Now, seriously, if people listen to this show, would not elbow you out of the way at the convenience store. You're into that right now. Are good, buddy. A dexter with he'll be out of the way. Oh, good guy. You know, is this place? I mean, he's a good, no, seriously. He's a good old boy. See, that's bad. But, yeah, you just can't. I can't stop saying those things. And I don't mean them maliciously. It's just that we're going to have it of saying things that way. Aren't we? But usually off the air, usually in private. I, of course, say them right here on the air because it's fun. I mean, dexter loves this show. By the way, how are you doing, dexter? Nice job on a car. By the way, sweetheart, and see, and there's the good, there's the good car wash to black guy. And then it was Spencer, who's trying this? After all, a publicity. Oh, talk about me, Mr. Neal. And I talked about him for about about 200 years. Got him all that business, even through 16 hard attacks. And all those other problems, that we come over here, trying this. Turn on our stuff like a guy then cornered rat. And not that I want to start up today. And then you even, especially Monday, the beginning of a week, a week, like into this thing about Israel's history of disputing. By no less than one of the great, the Israeli archaeologist at Tel Aviv University. Then all those people who are busy, you're hooking and trying to put their visits to the concentration camps. Once they hear this, they're going to go, oh, exactly. And so what's that would be about giving back five years papers, losers, waiters? They're not giving it back to the anti-empelistinian. It's a draw five other homeless people. That's what they're seeing. Those people blow the people go back home. And who do you think it was that blue? Oh, God. What do you think it was? Blue up that pioneer today? Y'all started it. Yeah, who do you think blew it up? Okay? What do you want to do? There's a lot of crazy, more than terrorists I guarantee. If there was a lot of bomb on there, those people are even better at it than your people. Let them go back to you. What do you want to do? This is five, 60, 2AL. Off the Bell to Bobor. We're so sorry. To miss Rodin. We don't stop and roll the trails. You're too sad. We're away. We're so sorry. And it's Rodin. But sometimes these conflicts happen and they'll fix your imagination. A special Jackson notified me. He said you're very busy but you're dressing cool with me. He asked if you would buy very something on the street. So, here we do call. We call. We tell me, you could sing his best it all. We will bring targets. We call it. We're a fairer. And it's good time. We'll bring targets. We call it. We're a fairer. It's good time. We said it's good time. We said it's good time. We said it's good time. We said it's good time. We did one rule of the crowd. We said it's time for the police to go down. We love the police. We said it's time. We didn't know what to say down. We were hoping targets. We waited for their last move. Correct, but I never told I had a few months ago I'm going to host hell there and I'm very excited about getting up to catch the early flight. I got up four in the morning. I go downstairs at 430 a quarter to five and it was during that that's right. In fact, I came home on the early flight because I wanted to get there a lot of there. It was that caravan festival in Toronto. Would they begin the charges from all over most of them from the US? I think there were really obnoxious. And I could afford 30 to more. I come downstairs and they're all milling around and they are lobby there. It looked like a jungle jam in the lobby. I could just couldn't believe it. I mean, these people were the rudest, the most obnoxious game plan, jitterbug and screwing around the elevator. I just unbelievable crap. In a city where generally you go because number one people are very polite. This was all over the, maybe even the local papers had this story but nevertheless a great condensation of it in Saturday's Toronto star. Israel's history disputed. And here's the picture of King David. Not a pic, not a photo, not a recent photo but a, a huge touch picture. Yeah, we touched a little airbrushed. Was the man who's Luke Goliath and was, who was the inspiration from Michelangelo statue? The leader of Almighty Jewish power or just of a small tribal kingdom. Oh, I'm gonna read this a little bit later on. It's great. You see, and you know what this reinforces? What difference did it make? All those business about, well, our culture are there. And we have to teach black culture. Well, what difference does it make? What happened a thousand years ago? I mean, you know, if you want to know, it's nice to have information in your mind. Knowledge is great. I like to do a lot of reading, nonfiction. Thank you. But what does that kind of do with the price of peace? Absolutely positively. Nothing, zippity do about. Just like the money we got from that culture, and for Senator one, zippity do about nothing. Zero. And that's why all these conflicts that go on. All these people running around and have to go to a big song at Antibut. There are four fathers in this. And there are lineage. Nobody gives a crap, okay? Nobody should give a crap. Let's take a look at who you are now. What are you doing lately, okay? What are you doing these days? I don't know if nobody should care. It's meaningless. And there's one of the biggest problems in a whole goddamn world. Is everybody running around? How many times have I told you? If you just take the labels up in the 99% of the problems go away. Know Americans, know Russians, know Chinese, know Communists, know liberals, know Conservatives, know right wingers, know left wingers, no, not of this crap. No Polish, no, you know, anything. So then what you got to fight about? I mean, I'm sure some people will find something. But if you remove all those religious barriers and ethnic barriers, those things are positive, they're a negative story. Oh, no, you have to get that Alex Haliman. I remember interviewing him on KAT that one day. May rest in peace. He didn't do black people in his service with a Kentucky aircraft. That's where it wasn't positive. What does that have to do with what's going on right now? Nothing. I don't see an unlike certain ethnic groups in the community, which I don't want to talk about who they are. I don't see a whole bunch of black people screaming in the out of it. We want to go back to Africa. We want our country back here that. No, I don't hear that. Last I heard they want to stay in the NBA and the NFL. That's what I heard. All a bunch of artificial synthetic crap. You're a person. You're an individual and you're not part of a group. You're not the, where you were from, where your ancestors were, it's mean it was that has nothing to do with anything. Nothing. Including being an excuse by the way for anti-social aberrant behavior, by the way. Here's a payphone and dear field. Hello. Great. You know, while I was on hold, you know, for a while here, I'm here in dear field. I'm going to do a focus and I saw some of the worst scum you've ever seen in my life. Yeah. A black woman. I think her name was Shepwanda and some black guy going in on bicycles on puppies, getting 40s of OE and some pork run. At 10 30 11 o'clock. What's wrong with pork run? Maybe down the edge. I don't think this one was on the edge. I think she was about 400 pounds. Yeah. She had a reinforced seat on the screen. Maybe she's on a scatkins. But I just go one thing, you know, you're talking about like all these black. And I was like, I didn't take their short session races. Did everyone like that? I'm not talking about all these black. I'm not talking about getting carried away. I'm not talking about black people who behave in a socially unacceptable way that pork's my ass off speaking of pork run. I'm not talking about how George said your race is there. Yeah. Somebody says a race is that I said, no, I'm not a race of family. Call it TV. Yeah. Just a room at that fight and you know, you're okay. Thanks. Is that a payphone for that? That's for your money back. That's for refund found. Material definitely wasn't worth paying the 25 to 35 cents. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Well, I think I'll take on this with a couple of statements and make it personally. I think it perpetuate races. Even if you are not a racist, which I have problem with that now. I'm perpetuating racism. How about the people who behave this way? Okay. Well, let me just, well, I just opposed to button my lip and not talk about it. Okay, that's not what it was. I have to do that. Just let's have a conversation right here. Okay. Okay. Let's have some dialogue. All right. I'm 27 years old. I graduated from Florida National University. I got a degree in finance. I graduated with a 3.4 GPA. Right. I get to find a job in my field. But several of my classmates Hispanic, why, otherwise, I went on the farm, you know, I've stayed in jobs. Even when I tried to do an internship, I went to a couple of corporations and all the people that were there. Well, I didn't know I'm black persuasion. This is not made me better or sour anything. Let's just turn me on to the fact that, you know, it's a little harder race for me to run. Okay. It's a little bit more difficult for me to achieve my goals and what I want to do. Right. What I'm saying is this, things that necessarily don't affect white people when we're other like the name thing. Personally, my name is a very common name. I don't dislike my name. My name came from white people who gave me, gave my four fathers name. And this name has been passed along. The name that I was given. Yeah. I have a slight problem with people who name their kids, talk one, and those type of names. Yes, what? It doesn't affect me when we're other. So I don't necessarily say it's a bad thing. Then you're wrong. It does affect you because it perpetuate, you say, I'm perpetuating it, perpetuates the racism because white people look at that and say, what the hell is that? But that's the problem. Why do they have to look at and say, what the hell is that? Why can't they say, oh, maybe they don't want those names that white people gave them when they were sleeping. Maybe they don't want to turn the page on that part. I can't it be like that. Why do you have to make that necessary to abatting that they want different names? I don't care for them. They see the more you alienate yourself and I hate to use the term mainstream. But the more you alienate yourself and the mainstream society, the more you're going to find yourself on the outside of it. So what you're saying is that we have to be conformist and every part of our, you're not having to make conformist completely, but I mean, the more you want to be non-conformist and more you're going to pay a part. Well, maybe you want to be conformist and not conformist about things like our name. Maybe we'll work. How good job. I understand what the white man kind of name is and for me. I don't like that name as much as you do, but I'm not going to sit here and make a statement on a radio station about a name. Maybe what the vibe, just from just guy in the shop who elbows right, we're even after, no doubt about it. Yeah. No doubt about it. I don't like black people like that. To me, those are niggas. Those people like that. He was a young niggard. Right. So people like that. People like me, upstanding citizens of this society, should not be loved into the category with those people. And not loving you in there. Wait, what's your point? Who knows me? You only know me on the radio. Yeah. What happens is I'll see someone go to the light lady in the elevated. And she'll start clutching her first. And I have no use for her first. Okay. Yeah, but you know what's in it. I still have so you've forgotten that first. You have to tell her, okay, unless she's going to give me a job, she's going to pay me from the checks in her book and a first. And I have you for a second. I have you for a first. But my thing is this, this dialogue is not very useful. It's really not. They're not, I don't agree with you at all. What are you alerting people to? What is the benefit of this conversation on the radio? The benefit of the conversation on the radio is that is the point out that we develop attitudes based on our personal experience. No doubt, New. And there are a lot of white people I've met who are completely in utter ass. No question about it. I work on the building that we work with many of them. I work with many of them. I work for some of them. So what, but we don't have radio sessions. What we can do. We have Johnny Cochrane. We have Al-Shopnet. And when they alert white people to think that they do, then you play labeled them. You label them bad things like that. But they alert us to the people like like, well, let me ask you, what about this guy? The father or one of the kids that got fired. I have no explanation for that guy. That is the most ass-of-nothing I've heard in my life. He says that one of them. He's the death of his son. I have no explanation for that. But don't be so mad. He's that guy. Like me. Because I have no explanation. He's got to try to get money. He's trying to get money. Maybe he's trying to get money. Yeah. Why people do it all the time? They do it all the time. They try any excuse to sue somebody if I have the way to get money. But how come there was only one black hill kid killed him at the... They were two black kids in the school and other one was absolutely. They were the three... They were 16 in the school. And how helped the company? 16. Oh, maybe they were in the library. Yeah. You don't go to library. We don't read that one. That's when the school is in the library. Maybe they were in the gym. Maybe they were in the gym. They got lucky when they were in the right part of the school. I don't know why only one black hill. I think it. By people sue people all the time for all kind of things. I mean, women burn the lip on some McDonald's coffee, sue somebody. So we have a sue sue one for the right thing. I'm thinking about sueing to bread. Because I got this with stereo from those bad we need a couple weeks. Listen. I'll just to your love. You know, I haven't listened to you recently because like I said, I've been looking for a job. I'm using out of the house by this time of night. But today my daughter's taking them home when I'm with her. But I really couldn't turn her into a radio because it really... It lit something in me and I be honest with you. There are a lot of young brothers out there who have the wrong attitude about how this thing is. Suppose you go on this society. They really do. And I can't... Well somebody's going to tell them to cut the crann. Well I can't speak for them. I know they have some legitimate concerns, but they're going about the wrong way. Yeah. But I can't... but I definitely can tell you this. What you're doing is really not being helpful to black people. I don't know what you're doing for the white people. Maybe you're maybe they're patting you on the back behind the scenes or whatever. But I can tell you this. It's not shit in the favorable light on brothers like me. That's all I can say and you know, I'll leave it on your head. Leave it at that. Okay. Good luck pal. I don't agree. 1056 is... I mean maybe not for him specifically, but generally speaking like I said before. People are people one at a time. But if you have bad experiences, how about if it was Japanese people? How about if I had like 10 experiences in my life that would Japanese people? And I'd have more really obnoxious regulatory. Huh? But it doesn't happen to be Japanese people. In fact, now that you mentioned, I don't think I even know any Japanese people. Maybe that's why I like him so much. 4 minutes before 11 at 5. 60 QA in. Headcap would know the scores. Learning him in some of my scenes in. We've nice only on Sports Radio 5.50 QAM. No, no, no, no. How would you do that? I have a good body day. With a guy who did check some. I'm a girl who's a son. Someone better than me could do a song. Do a song. That was a joke. I like to think of it as a factor. It's far down with Johnny Benz. I think it's written on one leg. This is a summer. It's summer. But by my side at a barby bench. The moon was making me rich. The meat did a song that is done. They were done. I scratched my foot with a nail file. Hit the noise and let's ran the time. People always fit on the land of peels. Might be horses, let's make a deal. We have contactants, nothing need the eye lift. That's what we've ever just known to a participant. But I don't think that it has babies. Everything's didn't eat nothing. It's just the other day. I got a cake for those. Did you think build balance in beef out of the horse? I think the first rhyme that comes to my head. I'm a big fan of right this face. I think email on my brand new computer. People who have tried to work are going to be the other way. And make it better known as pork. I think this song will be so like a story. I give a name to a new song. Many of it is a unique thing. It's very interesting. It's not a song that I wrote this song. So it's funnier about downwards. I'm about without this thing. I would probably be a bit. It's been a little bit of a new sense. That's much more down here. I don't know. It's been three or five, it's been two or five years. I've got Hank in the studio today. Can I have no idea who's the coolest today? Never on a Monday. Hank in that morning. I was between five and six. Six to eight forty five. The mystery host because books that was under this morning doing a great job. By the way, I was going to go to a book with a guilty. So we don't know who's going to be on it. And the, oh, Monday that football. Look at this matchup. Another piece of crap. The Eddle and Green Bay. Well, I'd tell you the NFL. It's a joke. It's a joke. You need them to look and watch any of the games. Look at the matchups. Look at the pairings of the teams. And then you want to end them. Look at the scores. Like 13 to nine, but a bit of a whole was seven, whatever that was. Just a joke. See, this last guy. I mean, he sounds like a real good guy. And I wish him nothing but the best. But as much as I try to understand where people are coming from. He could also write letters in New York times and say, Oh, you're something magazine front page story. They're about these black parents of their kid that got killed and little than who are suing the heresis in the cleavolt. That doesn't do anything positive for black people either because it's a very ugly, which he agreed with me on this. That it's unacceptable and these people are crazy saying that there's something that's was more important than the other ones and they're old more than the other families. A kid's who got killed. I mean, just not an oxygen thing. So, you know, I guess we're just supposed to go out along and be quiet. Is that it? So you don't know how to do that. I don't believe in doing that. And I'm just not going to do it. If I have bad experience, no matter who it's with, it's like to think that that Thai restaurant the other day. Which by the way, the wrong party happened to be black in that case. Okay. I guess then it's okay to talk about it. Just like the things that denies where they're always constantly getting sued because denies seem to have this habit. If your complex is a little over three on a Richter scale, you seem to be having problems at all the time. At Lenny's or Denies or whatever that crap place is called. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Great. Listen, what you've seen, I've been all over the world. I'm the big, it is not difference between people or all over the place. And what I found it or what you've seen, you can put it much fine with anybody all over the world. You can say it about white, you can say it about Jews, you can say it by yellow, you can say it by Chinese, so everybody can be. So what do you see about that? That's not my experience. That's my experience. Please tell me, you know, for example, the black guy that you met in the store. I've been in a mine. I've been in a mine. I've been with white kids in the store. Pushy you. You're not trying to see. Never had it happen in my life. You know, are they happening with what I got? If you ever been to Pupototo to explain black and see how the white kids are with their opinion? Yeah. Is there any difference between that and the way that black people be doing whatever they behave? Well, what do we do? How do we do behave? How do we first of all we have that spring break in many, many years and four lot of them? But, you know, when the kids get drunk, whether they're white or black or yellow, they're get roudy, yeah. Okay. So what about the kids? What about the kids? There wasn't anybody drunk in this game. It was a convenience store. I was buying a can of soda. I'm talking about the one in the hotel that you said that you were staying in the hotel. Right. And those people were, those people weren't drunk either. They were just acting like I bought a bunch of anti-social asshole. We're trying to do everything to person doing spring break. But I can fuck you out of there. What do we use to have it down? You know, that day pretty much a drunk or they're all drunk. That's why they are act that way. That's what way? The way that they used to work, they always go around, you know, fighting and pinching each other jumping into the pool naked, taking off the floor. And it's like that. Yeah. What's the difference? I was going to bring it back. You know, really, I love you show, but you're up on this thing. I bet you are by group and you're up on this. There's no difference. Did you even dance to them? Yes, I am. Okay. Now, is what I'm saying about Amsterdam wrong? No, I mean, I don't think what you're saying. I mean, you know, you're up after the war over the paper. No, I mean, you just want, I'm not talking about assholes. You'll find assholes anywhere. I'm talking about people out in public just about anywhere you go. Who behave in such a way that it's very negative to it. That it attracts from your experience. I only people are up in the afternoon. I probably 60 times in my life. And the only people I've ever found who've been that way are these drug peddling. Okay. Blacked Island. Yeah. Oh, from the net. Why would I have to help them from hunger? They might just making that up. What's the drug addicts from the streets? What are they? Dr. White. I'd never seen a drug addicts in the middle of the country. You're going to want this people all to be chipping drugs and they're going into the ants and the pikes. What are they? In the name of the ants? Yes. I don't see that. Oh, yeah. What about the drug we have committed to the yard? They're going to be out there. Sure. I've never been anywhere near the day. Oh, you know. No, they know. Those people may have buzzed their way outside the city. Okay. What about the prostitutes and them to them? What are the more I must do? We're like a wine. I mean, I could be offended by any other thing. What is that? I have to do with that. There's a lot of them. They're not doing anything. I'm doing anything. I'm doing it. Anything they substantiate against against the various of whatever. It's offensive. It's white, black or green. So maybe I'm just the racist. I don't think you're right. I think you know generally I've given to you a show and my opinion, you know generally agrees with the others and you know the only difference is that it's fine if you call it as you see it but call it as you see it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Have a great day. By the way, here's one that'll make him feel better. Okay. I forgot about this. Maybe I'm just becoming a bigoted old sour pushes. That possible. Let me tell you another thing that happened to me before the trip. Not that this was such a big deal. I mean I go up there all the time. I go to the airport and you know like I've said before I go to my new national all the time. I don't have a lot of problems there when I'm in you know I'm going over one of those binandable concourses like American Airlines. I'm sorry. Like hand grenade airlines. But this time I you know I get my and by the way the people that are Canada they're the best. They're great. They love me. And I love them. They're wonderful. And I get my boarding pass. I got my E ticket. I get my passport. I get my passport. I get my passport. Go through the metal detector, you know and I put my bag to the thing. And for whatever reason maybe they don't like me they don't like my looks. I look suspicious like an expert or you know how they have after you go through that special thing is what are they looking for like explosives or whatever. What do they call that thing. Which thing. Oh it's like a wand that's got like a. It's got a metal. It's got a metal teacher. No no it's like a bar. Explosive the ticket. And they take the little piece of cloth and then they put it in the thing and then they give you bag and you go on. Oh yeah this is different. This is different. Whatever they say. So there are three people there. There's the girl running the sniffing machine. There's the other girl that sent me over there and now here's some guy. Okay. Who's also part of this operation. And guess what they all three haven't come in. They'll speak it in place. Which we're constantly hearing about my immunternational airport. And I'm standing there while she's dealing with this little you know my bag and putting a thing around it and sticking a cloth or whatever she's going to stick it. That's a gun. But Pabababadla and she and she's looking at me and I don't know whether they're talking about me or were they're talking about the weather in Ethiopia. I don't know what they're talking about. But I will tell you I really pissed me off. It probably thought you could understand and. No they did not. Oh. They were talking to me. They were talking to each other. And it was very rude and unacceptable way. And I thought to myself now I understand why we hear from so many people who say my immunternationalism was up not just to them because of this. this, which I've never experienced before. I've heard a lot of people speaking Spanish, but I've never had that experience before. Where I had three people holding a conversation in front of me in a way that I found most objectionable and unephing acceptable. Got it? Yeah. Go at the crap. Making a slow cut. Cut the crap, Spix. It's just a little common courtesy. Just a little bit, and I realize I'm getting a little carried away here. Just be a little bit decent and civilized to people. Let's all use your brain. Of course, most of the people are higher at that place. You think they got a brain? I do like that announcement though. It comes on before the other year of landing. Well, they say be careful when opening the overhead because the hand grenades might fall out in the pinlight dislodged. 10-packed. That's only on American. 10-packed. 11-5-60WQM. Oh God. Georgie Bush said that his nose is clean and never puts up in it. Cut these running for the White House so he just can't admit it. Stone drunken that nut all even down a few people. Oh, Konnugani, Drugs with you. He even dropped some Mexican juice. Why won't George just come out and simply say he did it? He prepared the crap with Chuck De Mao. So it's none of your goddamn business. He did more than what you think. But he watched it tell the same. He prepared cocaine to have. That's the question that he does. And he made it quite much clearer. Like a razor on a mirror. But he wants the tube in it. That he didn't do anything. George he Bush said that his nose is clean and never puts up in it. Cut these running for the White House. So he just can't admit it. George he's clean. George he's clean. 11-16 at 5-60WQM. By the way, Senator one total pretty good considering all the problems we had there with the discs and with all of these things. 35,974 as we go into the second month in November 1. We got November and all of these December. Last year we raised 150 grand. We can do it again this year. Uh-huh. Theorodgers.com on the internet. You can order all your stuff through there. You can call call center 1-954-563-3600. Put a key change with all the last great buttons and stuff. And the best of CDs and cassettes and t-shirts. And you can also go to specs for the CDs and cassettes. Specs all over the place. They'd rather pumb each and four miles. 35,974 much better and I thought it would be in spite of all the problems. You see I'm glad that I remember that story about the airport because it goes to show there is a reason to have this dialogue and bring up these things because when you have mood experiences that's what shapes your opinions about people. It's just a fact of life. Like French Canadians. Have I ever had a pleasant experience with a French Canadian? No. No. Have I had unpleasant experience? No. Yes. Many, many, many, many, many, many. I mean, okay. All of them, every experience of every encounter. I mean, the French Canadians to me, see, here we go again. Like, good, didn't he spot that? I feel really, really, really happy. I mean, there's a moron, you know. There's a real asshole. So the experiences that the guy that was talking about Europe, I hate to break the news to you. So you're, I've been all over Europe. And there you're right. There are rude people. There are pleasant people like in Germany, for example. Many of the older German people are very rude. In fact, if they were, if you really pressed them, they might bring out the, go up there wallet or their purse and bring out their little card with the swastag on it and put their arm up and do the, you know, Nazi salute. So yes, I'm not too crazy about the older Germans that I've encountered. And again, because of my experiences, they tend to be very unfriendly and very obnoxious. The younger German people that like Middle-Aids, they tend to be very friendly and very great. Okay, in general, the stations, but you can only base your themes about things and people based on your experiences, not based on something that somebody else told you or some stereotype on the nanny or some crap like that. Yeah, if all Jews were like the nanny, I'd drop out right now, you know what I'm saying? Oh, if all Jews were like the old Jews in Hallendale and sunrise, I would turn my, I'd get my foreskin back. Yeah, I turned my brisk card back in. Here's my nanny, hello. Oh, yes, sir. Yes, I'm calling in reference to them, the comments that I've been made on radio. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, let me actually a question. You know, like with black people, we don't have it and I'm black myself. We don't have or so-called Negro, whatever you want to call me. It's not how it works. Negroes, whatever you want to call it. Yeah, black group, okay. But see, we don't have the convenience of having someone that, to set the date out people like, we white, you can say, well, that's poor white trash. We don't have poor black trash. You know, we kind of lumped all together. So what? Yeah, it's not your type. It's not your type. But that is obvious. Got a white. That's what white people are. What about southern white people? There are a lot of people who feel that way about most southern whites. Are white trash, trailer trash? No, I don't know. I think so. I think you're wrong. No, what you mean, wrong. That's opinion. I don't think it's a right or wrong. What? You can have that opinion by I think your opinion is so wrong. It's based on error. No, no, no, no, no. But let me actually not a question. No. The question now, the question. Oh, is, can you have racism and God in the same country? Can you help us? Can you have racism and what? And God. God. Yes. Relageable. Oh, does that mean God? God was a racist. He used to give instructions to the Israelis on how to treat their slave. Didn't he? Did he? Of course. If you read the good book or what's supposed to be the good book, God was a race. That's a good book. Everybody got a good book. Yeah. We just had a good book. The summer book was pretty good. So I'm actually one more question. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. What does that mean? Can it be racism and God? It's a different place. Can it be racism and the same place? God is a figment of somebody's imagination. I'm just wondering because most likely, but we always try to get to house. And I'm wondering, you know, that's something that was given to us by someone else. You know, I'm wondering how could that be exist when in fact we got racism in a country that promotes, I guess, equality. So this country doesn't promote equality. I mean, you won't get any argument for me about that. There's one of the most racist countries in the world. Okay. We're going to get the education system in America. The whole thing is based on racism. Exactly. Right. Exactly. I mean, because if I don't own anything that's going on. I'm not, look, I'm not saying that black people don't have anything to be pissed off about around any gripes. That all I'm saying is don't take it out on me and don't behave in an anti-social way toward me because you got to chip on your shoulder because all that's going to do is make it worse and perpetuate it. Which would mean words. How much worse? What? Worst in, when you say worse than what? What do you mean? Well, and in a, like, turn in a clockback like a Ronald Reagan did for example. Like like how? Like what? Instead of we become the working poor, we'll make it a whole lot of time. No, no, I think black people were making some progress very, very slowly at a snail's pace. But when the right wingers came a long time, they turned a clockback about 20 years. Didn't they? Yeah, I've cut it this. Yeah. But the game plan, that's what they're all about. They don't like you folks. What do you mean they don't like us? Who is they? No, no, I'm not the right wing right wing Republicans. They're not too fond of you folks. No, no, they have like you're not too fond of my folks either. And who are you? Who are you? No, a whole bunch of folks. You as bags, you know, all those guys. So fake. Right, Brian, when you're going to. What about that shit? It's about. That you say something about homosexuality. Yes, sir. Is that home? Hanika? Sort of like a handicraft? A handicraft. First for a lot of people, it was. That's why people stay in the closet. Why do you think so many people are still in the closet today? Well, I got the reason I started. If you want to think about black people, you can't hide it. You can't, you know, do white face. So like people can do black face. You can't hide it. Whereas gay people can stay in the closet and hide it. Which I don't want to know. Because to me, it seems like a person's their net gate. Or they're saying that they're not who they look like they're based on what we say a person who look like if they were there. Well, what does a straight person look like? That's what I'm saying. If we're saying what a person. We have a base of what we think a straight person should look like. By the way, it's based on fantasy though. Which you mean it's fantasy? Just what I said. It sounds like a weird thing. There are gay people who are just as much or looking as hercules. Well, why some people dressed up like the people who say, for instance, who say they die, so without what they could they show to often, cut the hair and all this kind of stuff. I mean, if you, if you're a man and you look like a woman, but you really say you're a man like, well, like Dennis Rodman for example. Then why don't you just do that instead of trying to make a costume too. You don't have to Ralph. It's just right. Did you who you are then be that? Amen. You know? Right. I'm with you man. Last question, Mr. OK. You're from, you know, I hear you talk a lot about, you know, being respectful and being courteous and being that. But I don't, I don't get that sometime when I'm listening to you on a radio man. You're main calling. You're this thing. You know, and you're trying to promote not to do those type things, right? This is a radio show. This is entertainment. This show is entertainment. OK. Why do you listen to this show? Do you listen to the show to learn how to treat people? You're out of the show. Listen to the show because it's entertaining. And, and, and, and, and, and, and, right, but then a try to help could could could could could be used to do whatever. It could be used for a good purpose. So, I do use the show for a good purpose. I teach people a lot of things on this show. Yes, you do. I just relax. And God bless you. So I'll pray for you. All right. There you go. And say how to read you. Now, not just a joke. I'm not playing in a sky. This guy's a good guy. He's got on the dude with Reggie White. Is Reggie White by the way? No, no. He's dark. 560560, pound 560, on the AT&T, where I was flying that out of town line. By the way, really caught on. Didn't it? Oh, that's not a line nine. I haven't even given the number out. Why bother until we get it straightened out if we ever do. 877-785 Neil. That's, uh, for the entire, uh, what? Golf coast? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's from here to what? The lake from here to the lake. 877-785-6345. It's toll free. Greg Reid's paying for it. Oh, well, maybe you'll pay the bill someday. Don't hold your breath. Maybe the same day we come up with a money from that golf chairman. Here's some rise, hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good. You know what? One thing I got to say about you, Neil. That's, you are definitely a equal opportunity biggest. Yes. You know, and that's a good thing because I'm a big hit. Well, you're equal opportunity big. And, you know, everyone gets their fair shot. It's just, you know, I don't think you throw any hardballs and anyone in particular. You give what you get, you know. I just, I just share with you the experiences that I have. I'm not, I'm not, if I said here, it made stories up, then I would be a big and I'm just, my experiences. And I agree with you on the point that you say, um, you, you only voice your opinion based upon your life experience. That is right. You know what I mean? And that's, and that's, and that's, Maybe I'm just unlucky. Yeah, it's not, you won't do your life. You're not everyone's lucky. And you know what the worst part is about the whole thing. It's just going to get worse. It's a catch 22. It's a no-win situation. And you got people for train, you know, aspects of, hey, these, these kind of people, white black, Asian, I don't give a crap where they're from. Yeah. If you're going to sit there and stick yourself out, purposely like a sore thumb with a chip on your shoulder and an attitude, you are perpetrating somebody that is of hate. You are hate. Right. It doesn't matter. It's what brought it up today because I had a very ugly experience. It wasn't a big deal. You know, you got into a brawl about it. Nobody was going to get into a fight with this kid. He was a big, uh, burly nasty looking kid. But the fact is, it was a very unnecessary, and a very ugly episode. It just, you know, you accumulate these experiences over the course of your lifetime. And it just one more, uh, in the negative, column as far as I was coming. He was just another instance where you're in the wrong place at the wrong time. It wouldn't matter if it was you or me or anyone else that was standing behind that guy this guy was going to be an asshole no matter what. Right. It was a no-win scenario. And unfortunately, if you look, you really take a deep look at it. Like you said, the school systems and people and society itself, it's not going to get better. It really isn't. And it really sucks. And it's unfortunate for kids that are growing up in a world that is just like absolutely portrayed by hey, and it's just a no-win scenario. And all you could do is like listen, before you go last, you can put your gloves on. Right. Get ready to go. Okay. I want to have a, you know, you have a good one. And don't forget to bulletin. Hey, listen, I'm going to go up and on my bulletproof vest and head out to the cell. Oh, I see you. Yeah. Get you a big gulp, okay. 27 after 11 at 5, 60, WQ, I would go to EPD. That's your roses. That's my favorite spot. Jim, Madditch, talks more like it. Right here. I'm sports radio 5, 60, Q, A, L. Hold the white folks, hate the black folks. Hate the white folks. Hate the white folks. Hate the white folks. Hate all the white folks. Is an old establishment. All the jewelry. National, brotherhood. National, brotherhood. Leena, horn, and sheriff park are dancing. Cheat to cheekers. Fun to utilize. People you just buy as long as you don't let them in your school. Oh, the poor folks. Hate the white folks. All the poor folks. Hate the rich folks. And the rich folks. Hate the poor folks. All the white folks. Hate all the white folks. It's American as apple pie. But you're a national, brotherhood. National, brotherhood. New Yorkers love the poor, so reconciled, very cheap. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand. You can tolerate him if you try. No. All the Protestant, hate the Catholics, and the Catholics, hate the Protestant, and the Hindus, hate the Muslims, and everybody hates the Jews. National, brotherhood. National, brotherhood. National, everyone smile at. One, and another, who'd weep. I do people who are inferior to you. It's only for a week, so have not fear. Be grateful, lad. It's awesome. I have thought, yeah. Let me put you five. Here's some good stuff. Just came over the fact machine. India's region of hate waits the Pope's arrival. The mob arrived armed with knives and clubs while a Reverend Joy Ponocy addressed 120 missionaries gathered in the small town of Tho Hada Northern Gujarat. The Indian state were Christians that become all-as-day targets for Hindu mobs. The kicks, punches, and slaps that follow were not unusual in the Northern part of this country. The so-called Hindu belt, where dozens of Christian churches went up and smoked this year, and Australia and Missionaries and his two sons were burned alive. Another priest was beaten to death. None had been gang raped. Convrigations terrorized and priests made the walk naked through village streets. 300 militant organizations distributed leaflets last week in warning of a global Christian conspiracy, whose aim was the conversion of 50,000 Hindus in India every week. Last week, the Prime Minister apparently persuaded leaders of a number of Hindu groups not to burn the Pope and F.J. during his visit and to tow down their protest rallies, success in reigning the zealots during the Pope's tripal indicate whether the BJP can control its militant supporters. Since then, however, Hindu tolerances being eroded by militants who see the BJP's rise to power their chance to rid the country of other religions, and the Christian missionaries who are backed by funds from the West. Christian converts are 2.9% of India's population while 15% of Indians are Muslim. Not surprisingly, the Vatican has planned the visit of the fragile pot of 79 to minimize public exposure. During his 4 days in New Delhi, he'll venture into the city on three short trips, including one to neighbouring state in the most vulnerable security site on his urban identity. During each of these trips to Pope and his 4 to 5 vehicle called the Pope Mobile, anxious to avoid a misapp in the his mobilized territory present elite forces to guard the papal roots. That's with an ROU, TES, guarding those papal roots. All right, there's another part of the world that they love each other like crazy. Not to mention the Pakistanis of course, who have the bomb? Like India? 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 8th. Oh, look at that, here's a mobile in Madison, what? Hello? Hey, Neil. Madison, where are you? Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I'm in Madison, Florida, and I tend North Florida. All right, and I'm in the North Florida. I'm in the North Florida. I'm in the North Florida. All right, all right. And I don't hate any money except everybody. Yeah. I don't hate any money except everybody. Yeah. Okay, that was it. Bye. And we're paying for it. And he's still always short and sweet. Okay, from Madison, Florida, ever hear that? No. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560, on the 8th, 10th, he's got 4500 open lines at this morning. Now, all of a sudden, here's four lotterdale. Hello. Hi, God. Yes sir. Well, because Mr. Simpson was a victim of double jeopardy? Yeah, okay. Let's go to a mobile in Davy. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I just signed your black thing. Just reading where the NAACP is asking the commissioner a baseball to find out. I guess Detroit or Minnesota, the hired Phil Gardner because they didn't hire a black to hire the seller. That's ridiculous. Yeah. I mean, what's the, Didn't don bail or just get hired to manage your, I figured Colorado, where would it, how was, I think you are. Well, well, well, the hell you got hired, son of the. There were a lot of all jobs. I graduated from AgroCombs. Cubs, that's right. How is presum way for get the Cubs? Hepatious ridiculous, that's right. Well, if you don't va ly a better pretty black last time, our, That's Summer S Bargam last night you went. Yeah. But it's the katzen Multip using how you O you I O you was falling in better years, Yeah. Nobody owes anybody anything. Now they want to the picture sihing the court in the Hege, that they want to need reparations when you navigate the streets circulatory, overnight. for that petitioning in the court in the hay. Yeah. For ruling that. That's the lens, who's day? Uh, the, uh, the, and the ACP in the black group. Well, what, what is the, the, the, the, the, the capital of the, the Netherlands? What does that have to do with slavery in the United States? That's where the international court is. Oh, I see. Yeah. And it's, uh, well, before they get, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, the Americans, slavery has been in effect for thousands of years. I wonder, I wonder, I wonder if they were still God for God's, I wanted to have it at a thank you sir. Okay. Let's do God for what you say. Huh? Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. We got four, five hundred open lines here this morning right now. It's enough to make, uh, bring tears to my eyes. Very sad. Here's Orlando. Hello. Amy, I've got a, sorry for for you. Yes, sir. Uh, you know what, on real radio. Okay. We don't care. See, this is the only problem. Every time we talk to people in Tampa or Orlando, nobody cares. We don't care about the radio stations and places where we can't hear them. This is the same. Maybe we shouldn't even got this line until least we hear from people outside of rest of the world. Nobody here cares in his town about the radio in Tampa and Clearwater in Orlando about real radio on real radio. Nobody cares. Just like this audience, obviously, doesn't care about any of the things that talked about because they got one call up in the board here. Here's a mobile and four-later nail. Hey, they're out in the morning. I worry. Okay, sir. Question, I got the best in the, uh, for 1999. Is there any chance of getting any back issues for years past? Yeah, if you call center one. Thanks very much. 9-5-4-5-6-3-3600. Thank you. You bet. Thank you. You're welcome. 5-6-7-05-60, pound-5-60 on the AT&T wireless line. I'll think about the people in this town. They're very thoughtful. They're very introspective. Ah, very, uh, you know, into these things. Aren't they? No. See, and for the guy to call, and he was a good guy too, but this business about, well, about productive to talk about these things, full crap. It is very productive to talk about him. Because the fact that other people, and I realized that there's the intimidation factor, you have it in the black community. You have all these single mothers where daddy is just vanished. They were intimidated. They're scared of crap. Those are these big tall teenage kids that they've got. These big hoods, dogs. And so are the entire neighborhood in a lot of cases. And so everybody just kind of sits back and stays mum. Mum is the more important. How about maybe not making so many baby sounds like a good idea? Sounds like a real good idea to me. Uh-huh. There's a great lunch from Atlantic City, sub-esby, the way, which would thank you profusely for. Maybe that'll kill my, uh, this stereo. Getting some good food in my gut. Kill that little stereo. Which I do have it by the way. Am I going to sue Sub-Red? No. I shouldn't anybody over there. No. But I definitely have it from those bad readings. Let me say again, all you people out there in the audience, watch out for the wicked evil wienni. I'm telling you that right now. You get a bad wienni and you're pushing about real problems, man. This is the stereo. I killed Nicole. Just give me that old child of religion. I'll kill right down in a break. If ever not to do, as we do, only as we say, just give me that old child of religion. Our way is the best. And if you don't fully, you'd like to be fully. So your has to do. All well, Robert's in a jeweler. Don't wear Comicad Jew. You're living in a mansion with a big rose Royce. Thanks to Sub-Red, just like you. Be a good Christian man. You have to understand. $6,000. Our assembly is the same. You make your stand outside for a week. You're just giving that old time religion. And me and already. All right. So I can choose time, look once it's the eye. The next day. I don't give a capital into life, but a board should throw a few in. A man should make love to his wife to hold in the sheep. The Bible is the foundation of the Holy Christian man. Spice the fact that with written back and who did wear pensions, he got old time religion with the Bible's new old days. And to bring it into valent day, his life, ignorant and hatred, and he got old time religion. And by the check to Benny, his anybody else's best goes our good and sad. Is a thing. All right. Let me 46 to 56. So I am. So anyway, that guy that European guy that called me for about the prostitutes at Amsterdam and so on. I'm sitting here thinking of myself. And as a prostitute, ever come out on the street from one of those behind the door and grabbed me by the arm or anybody else. No, no. I mean, they will, you know, they'll always you walk by. They'll open their eyes. I know they'll, they're cruising for a little business. But they don't come out on the street. They don't bother you. In addition to which if you were bothered by that, you wouldn't go to the red light district, which is, you know, very limited number of streets. He knows what I was talking about. He just doesn't want to face up to it, okay? Because there are damn few people in this world who really will tell you honestly, it opened. Especially in public like a radio show, what they really think. And he's one of them. Here's a mobile and Melbourne. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I want to thank you for the CD that I've bought the other day. And thank you for signalling. And thank you for buying it. I think you're right on the money with some of these degenerate parts of our society. They just, they hear a picture so many times. They walk into the store, pop into the end. Don't any fake excuse me? Yeah. I think they expected to take it like the rest of the show. Exactly. And all I got on that on my material. And have a great day, pal. Like I said, they're lying night. Oh, God is this great lunch. You'll let any city subs in Hollywood. We love you guys. Man, they got great stuff. They got great stuff or what? How's that money coming by the way for that government, huh? See, if this was a real town like Josie Lambe there, you know, he went to that little thing with O.J. and it was, yeah. But if this was a real town where we had anybody with a brain and journalism, it'd be like a little investigation going on to that whole golf tournament at that FESCO, finding out what the accounting of the money was and where did that money go to? It was supposed to go to center one. You know what I'm talking about? Uh-huh. Yeah. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? I'm just just moved to plantation this year, lived in Miami for 30 years, grew up in a South Bronx. Welcome to the great city, sir. Well, it's a matter of fact, our police use an asshole, but plantations are pretty good place. Well, I'm trying to read and find out about it. But I just want to, you know, I guess take two seconds of your time and never go on anything, but roll up in a Bronx and we should try and Irish polish at that time and a 50. Oh, you know, we had really no black, no Puerto Rican until Adam Crick and Powell came on at, at, in Puerto Men. Like, you know, we had to kid. I was, I guess, a little clumped on them, like everybody else. I used to hunt, you know, being a fag or gay. It was gay back then. It meant being happy. And you know, I joined the Marine Corps in 1964 and came out of it. And I guess the bottom line to all of this is I have friends that are that of gay. I work with people in my industry that are gay. I work with people that come in different levels of the socioeconomic background. And if people, it really doesn't make a difference. And the only way, and really the only way to get around this is for people who have to stop, you know, really, we're always hatred and just, you know, very subjective. And I won't hunt anymore. I'll never kill another animal. And, you know, as far as people, I don't see how much they earn. They're more or less the longest thing to me as long as they're good. And I just, I guess, you know, I listen to this show or family, I told me to listen to you. And I just thought it only about a month ago. Right. And, you know, you get your right on. You know, and I'm going to continue listening. And I just wish people could be just look at the good of people instead of just being such a little bit. There you go. I'm just going to be a little bit too huge and corny, but it's so simple, you know, it is. It is. It's the truth. It's just, I mean, I listen to this with the black. I mean, my, I was born in this country, my parents were born in this country. My grandparents came from the Ming, Poland, and Russia. And my religion is Jewish. The bottom line is, why not? Am I still saying a Russian American or a Polish? No, I think I really pick exception to this. Lack of, you know, Americans. Just having a big human being is pretty good at that. You know, it's quite a year ago. Just be who you are. I'm going to say thanks. I enjoy showing you. Thanks a lot. Okay. Bye now. See you. And we'll pray for all of us. 5, 6, 7. Now, almost sapiens. Okay. We're all almost. I mean, sapiens. See, they're going to get nervous about that. The uneducated masses out there. Oh, you see this. He's trying to get. He's trying to convert. He said everybody's a homo. That's right. Everybody's homo sapiens. Except the course for the, the endothal, which here in South Florida, we have so many of. Back to the, South, we got lots of the endothal. All colors and shapes and variety. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. We got to hang coming up at two from Schuillustake 2. Hack with that more. Between five and six. Still don't have nothing. What's going on here with that 6, 8, 45? See, I don't really care, but Clarence gave him this morning. We're going to big deal of it since he's PD Junior for one day. Clarence, if you want to be PD Junior, you got to squirt a few sweetheart. You got to come in here. I don't know what I'm going to do. Look at nobody. They weren't both working this much. You got to start crying a little bit. Then we might respect you a little. Here's a mobile informa today. Oh, hello. Hey Neil, how you doing today? Pretty good sir. Good. Hey, has that last break was going on. You talked about the exercise all start off. I let you know that the public say has fish food to for $5. How about that? Great. Just hang in here. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Anyhow, I was, I stopped by. I was a peach lot. I had to sign something there. I was off my feet and yeah. But I was wondering, next time you guys take one of those buttons. You had to have one, just managed to find it. How do you like it? I didn't like it. Let me tremendous. All right. Yes. And the, yeah. Watch tracking. Uh-huh. And another idea. What I was suggesting is, because I love the button. But I wonder how much you did of a palm set. Make each sound bite to have its own button. I don't know. That's something to think about. Yeah, give it that sauce around. I think I did. Oh, forget, this is the first one. It's, uh, this was, uh, you know. Oh, it was great. I thought I enjoyed it. You got it on the ground floor. Oh, there's one. Well, thanks for, uh, for signing me my card for me and, uh, and closing. Were you forged back in? Okay. Thanks. Hey, listen. There are obsessed with that. What do you give them this guy? I look. They're obsessed with that. Fudge pack and they're into a man. Maybe it's, uh, you know, on their acting. Those look look are fudge cycles. Five, six, and oh, and by the way, guess what? Chinese kids are getting a high-end oil in Malaysia. I'm sorry. Different cooks. Malaysians are getting high. The kids buy sniffing. Come on, Pam. Elephant don't. Yeah. That's a new trend over there. Where can we get some? Probably the Brooklyn Museum. Just go in there and, uh, go, blah, blah, handful right off that painting. Take that. And then just shut it back on there and you want to mess up that painting. I don't want to look at the painting. They just want to smell it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the ATC. If Andy Warhol would have been smart, he would have had smell of vision on his Campbell soup can. If he would have been smart and not, uh, whatever he is. That's dead. Yeah, candle. Hello. Oh, yeah. How's it going? Great. Boys from the, uh, from the, uh, from the old Jeff Stryker, uh, brick oven days. Yeah. How's it going? Yeah, I'm going to put it up pretty much. Listen to you. Listen to you, uh, as a teenager and now I'm probably my, uh, early 30s. I'm probably in the early 30s. I didn't turn out gay or I'm actually pretty conservative. I mean, I'm all right. But, uh, you know what, you pretty much kind of changing me a little. Yeah. You made me, um, I guess these things, Little different, little more depting. Right. That's the idea of this program, even though some people out there don't get it, but I can read them anyway. Yeah. I always picture you like as a silver zoodle. And you, your voice sounded like you would look like silver zoodle. Oh, God. And then when I saw you, and you know, heard you, and then when I finally met you, I went there one time, you brought a pen. I don't even own a scooter. No, no, silver zoodle. Oh, the scooter. Right. Right. Right. Right. So, you know, you better than the, good job. I mean, you know, you keep me busy, uh, getting out of trouble. I'll listen to you last, uh, make my big go by a little bit. There you go. Don't go, there you go. All right. Well, I love you. Okay. All right. Okay. Good lunch. Hmm. Like I said, great lunch. Five, six, seven. Oh, by the way, here's a guy from the Coast Guard. So, tell them, and experience up there, and those folks will be making any final be. Yeah. Yeah. Get out of here. They're not how long they're going to drag this thing on. Months and probably a couple of years. And they'll keep lying to us just like they did about the TWA jet. They lie and they lie and they screw around and they patch gear around. They lie to you. Anybody out there who thinks that your government doesn't lie to you. I got some real cheap land out in the Everglades. And they're $4 million an acre. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the 18t line. Here's a little Havana. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. Oh, come here. It's a little Havana. I'm a head of social who will you. I'm a homo-sapean. Swallowing you past, man. You talking at telling your legacy as usual. Listen, let me ask you some, all these crackers are calling up from Atlanta and Melbourne. I've never heard of anything called civil rights, called civil disobedience, including New York. God. Oh. And you wonder why I come in here every day, huh? After a call like that, that makes you just sit up and take notice. No. Come on. Let me just sit straight up in a chair and look out the window and say, what's it all about, Alfred? 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18t line. Maybe I need some eritor, mice, and eritor, for my, um, list area. So, I can go see my new doctor, Dr. Bob or I can go see my old doctor, Dr. Mark. But you know something, I don't feel like going to the doctor because this slowly, but surely I got less flim. If I take a look at this, George. I'm, I see it looks like blood, but it's not high. It looks like blood, but it's not. Huh? Blood is not. Yeah. Well, it's from down in my throat. I'm going to ask in the business of stereo. I'm not so easily grossed out. Good. Okay, so I'll be running out. Ah, he's a pussy. And Adam, all those auto-recent ones. Oh, see that guy in the, in the cart. You see that guy got killed again 24 years old and I've got to go into a hotel room, I was an hour and I go cart. What did I go cart? What did they call cart racing? What is cart racing? They're go carts. Are they? The motorized one. I don't see if I'm going to go any more. I'll come. We don't have a big thing about him. He was only 24 years old. It wasn't famous. Oh. Damn it. It's on 56 at 5. 60 WCOM. Jim Foccaford taught sports. Oh, Jack. And right here. I'm fourth radio 5. 60 QAM. That's what you do. Oh, my God. We're starting day. We're all on CBS. Meet a small town. Three suspects the word of God and adds a few choice words of his own. It's Father Terrette's Mystery. Dearly beloved, they're gathered here today to join together. This is some fucking little fucking sucker of my f***er. In whole, in that term. Father Terrette's Mystery, a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago Holflitz and NYPD Blue Ball. Your fucking fuck off, little hungry bastard. Longer. Sunday. This fall. Spending hour with Father Terrette. Right after an all-new season of. Touch down there by an Angel. Only on CBS. Hello to you. It's 5550 WCOM boys. These are...at he had the first 20 or 30 these are sandwiches. No bread dog. We're not eating the bread our way. Oh no. I'm not. Are you? Yeah, I ate the bread. Pig. Look at those all. What's in the code to the stake? 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line talking about why you hate each other. I mean this is not a very complicated thing and I brought it up before about 45 million times but it's very important because nobody else talks about this why is it so complicated? It doesn't make any difference if your grandparents were from Scotland and your other grandparents were from Poland and your Mama's from it doesn't mean a goddamn thing First of all, it's all the law that the luck of the dry anyway. I was gonna say the law of the jungle the luck of the draw What tell if you got to do with it where your parents in grandparents came from? Who cares People are people, okay, that's it Except the course for the French Canadians They can't help themselves because they're a little bit confused. Probably Google away Please just go away just go back up there okay, and by the way stay out of Ontario please. Maybe audible but no further west 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line on the little stereo line Can we have any women call show today? Oh no That not let's just shocks the hell out of me. Let's just shocks the living crap on him Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I agree with you that there are a lot of United States citizens Exhibits Very poor behavior and I What do you mean United States citizens? I'm talking about the whole world. Yeah, the whole world the Episode was in Toronto and the ones I'm talking about in Amsterdam are not in the United States Okay, well, otherwise rationalized country. I'm an I'm a United States citizen and I want to address Right, several United States citizens You're not No, it seems to me the problem is really a lack of education and It's not because there is an opportunity for education because there's a whole lot of that here And we are paying for it when I look at my touch the light just came in this month a pretty Hessia moment Went towards in Or the education of my several Where citizens that's really being spent very wisely, isn't it? Well, I would like to see Part of our schools and dumpsters that the kid to go to school and it's working out real good Me and I would like to be good and I'm meant to the Constitution. Yes, to demand That our kids leave school educated and in doing so we can put And end while this hostility among the races Uh-huh, no, I want to bring your attention over famous Jamaica of famous Jamaican Yes, sir, the most white Jamaica of famous white Jamaican Got and besides gone to Ed beside the coptics Yeah, man who came to the United States in 1712. Yeah, you're supposed to come into the United States Was to educate the fellow slave owners here in the United States by the way, there was really a Lynch In house, oh, don't say Lynch. Yeah, we're not a good idea. We're not a good child Please really Anyway, his mission was to educate the virgin your farmers whole not To a hand their slaves, yeah, because the virgin your farmers were hanging their slaves for running away And he thought that this world, they really were hung already Sir, I said that's a pretty bad. Yeah, it was pretty bad. Yeah, in any event This man will eligiate the philosophy Was based upon strict division, yeah E. Paul the slave owners that what they should do is to differentiate any characteristics amongst his slaves and And play upon it If the house slave should definitely it up a must sounds like the Bible all over again He must have been a good book to my well, I mean from those dead yards slippery So it was perfected from that time. Yeah, anyway, it's still out of the state that you must see called any differences And exploit them and you must teach the philosophy So all your friends and relatives Right and you felt that if this philosophy was taught to all the friends on a relative I'll wait the key point. Yes, please What was for black to hear each other but to love his slave master and if he taught that flavor would last another 300 years Well, that was 1712 We have 12 years no, be okay. Okay. Thanks, Mike. You may cool in front. Thank you. Whatever you just said. Oh, it's killing me kill him 567. Oh 560. Pond 560 on the 18 T wireless line Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hey, anything what's up? Are you great? I'm an F.I. You're shooting. I'm a major in political science and I'm doing my teacher asked me to do a I'm a professor. I'm going to do a term paper on I guess the presidential election of 2000. Oh my god Yeah, I love those before you start writing it So the point is that she's given us like 10 different surveys and I have to like give them out to people to like throw out the sea within a thing and sorry And I don't know if I would be pretty cool if you could throw it out I don't know if maybe I could give you one here I don't know how I would get it to you but for something you can send it Could I drop it off or somewhere or like or you can function. I was that All righty What's the facts number 305? Okay six five oh oh 1990 Oh 90 you got it All right, don't think about 10. I guess the minutes to fill it out. Whatever and how would it get it for me? You mean the facts? Yeah, like I've got your identity. You fill it out. Well, fact you back an answer Just put me a number to fact you to you. I'll mail it for you. You're a major mail-back. I want to be other All right. Thank you. Okay. Good luck pound. Okay. It's five six seven. We got the Other they're in there out today. I realize it's Monday actually from Monday. We've been doing okay And I too bad not too great Especially for something like this that could change the course of human events Don't you think we're gonna change the course of your events on the day. Come on like Mike sigo does up there at King and Seattle saving the world Reforming the legal profession the medical profession the goddamn human race ending in justice as we know Kill in four good hours. Oh now we're talking Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. I'm not given that other number out till we get to you know get a fixed No, I'm serious. I don't want to hear about real radio. I don't want to hear about Oblast it or you know, oh how do we ever survive those S. U.N. days? God. All right. This is G. Gordon Litty and they don't come anywhere's the new Roger coming soon to a paving your view every mail So everybody who's ever shown their boss He's doing hundreds of alien dancers with one thing in common a great set of tight-blown Jeffrey lion fans. I've never seen so many butts before my lunch or even call it a nine-stop Plot fast Tom Cruise will so best is so long Kurt Russell and Tony Albender hit his friends Michael John Glenn Artists once and I Kevin Bacon, Kim Ori and nearly 350 other butts you if you only see one positive this year Make it every mail celebrity who's ever showed their boss I'm soon and selected cities check local instinct for the lump's newest you Prop 14 at five safety W to QM Oh, here's a facts that's his grain out the only blemish on the game some stupid crap from the internet that's intended for Hank and not for me Speaking of the sports experts on his radio station by the way See when you get out of town and you start reading real newspapers from other cities that have like real sports sections And you find out that everybody in America except the sports mavens on this radio station seemed to know that NBC Just like the call we had today after it happened. Remember the guys with used to work for NBC And they had the production meeting ahead of time and that Jim Gray did not do this on his own that the NBC moguls the mavens there are the ones that put him up to the grilling in the crap that he did with Pete Rose So if anybody any body on this radio station tells you that Jim Gray did this unilaterally and that that barbaric Rochette's performances was his own idea you can tell him They're full of crap, okay? So amazing to me you get out of town here and you start reading and listening people in the what's going on and they give you a whole different perspective And you say I knew that all along 567.0560 pound five 60 on the 18 T1 and by the way Richie from the Bronx or whatever had you're from the watchers and you're stupid facts and about big head Joe Rose Don't waste our facts paper, okay? Richie the jet fan whatever it had you are and how they doing by the way Here's a lady in four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Hello, how you doing great good. Hey about Three people were treated you know as far as African Americans go everybody they came to this country has had a hard time Like including me and the inside of hard time they pay the Those in arrows you know, yeah, but you know, they were chased up there land and you know property Stuff like that, but everybody just come here from another country is that a very hard time You know, yeah, as the Indians have done the Polish people the science Irish people And you have the Polish people You know, but everybody had to pay their dues, so but you got to get over it move on. Yeah, you know, and I I think sometimes they still create that I don't want to call it attitude, but I don't know what it is like a chip on the shoulder You know So I'm not prejudiced at all, but obviously Of course it's kind of harder to identify a Polish person that is a black person I'm just saying as far as nationalian race goes, yeah, I'm not sure unless it's in the car because generally the Polish people tend to sit on the right hand side of the car What the You're doing the same wheels on the left I think they're back in England or something But I think that they have to let that go, you know, they can wear that Malcolm X-ray and stuff But if we were a white power we're considered prejudiced. Yeah, that's true So that's what I don't get about the whole thing. Okay, I'm glad you're not prejudiced. Okay, have the right thing Do we believe that she's not prejudiced? Oh, but that's okay. Are we all little bit a uh 560505050 But see why is it that you always have to preface why can't you just say I'm not too crazy about filling the blank about Or and I don't like either, okay There is no hope none zero for this world so long as people continue dealing with people as members of a group And God if there's any town in America that suffers from that you're in it This is it You know what I mean I Think you do here's for Latterdale. Hello. Hey, new yes, sir I got a big topic for you that I think you want to spend a show on you have a lot of you show on yeah You've heard about the illuminati. Oh, yeah, the new world lord. Oh, yeah. Oh, so you know all those guys Yeah, I want to spend at least 30 seconds on that You know George Bush for the base the builder burgers in the illuminati and the mason's and they try lateral commission Yeah, okay, okay, I'll have Shirley's fellow bird pal. No, I just crawl out from under a rock Sir, I'm very stupid and I need to be illuminated about the illuminati by some group ball like you I want to spend a whole show on that no, I don't want to spell five seconds on that crap. Okay paranoid delusional lunatics like him Oh my god. Well, what did he say? Eeeeh, that's what I thought 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line you see what I mean you bring up something crucial and we're talking about your own personal real experiences That color if you were like part of that expression color the way you would look at other people and you're attitude about groups of people and life in general Which we have to strive to overcome What are we to how I just said and what do I get while the illuminati in the builder burgers and a trial lateral commission and the mason's and the yeah, okay? Great house perimation dual by the way seen him lately. Oh Yeah, here he was in a wheelchair and then he died Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, no, I just wanted to say I was gonna call you and try to ask you You know why you love Canadians and he'd all the other people, but why are what I? Are Canadian lower you know and they'd always other people But that's English speaking Canadians right, but when Greg more died yesterday He was my favorite race car driver and he was a Canadian You know it really hurt Excuse me. I said oh my god. I didn't know that Yeah, and you know just made me realize that people are people and you know It doesn't know how come he died and they didn't make a big thing about how it pains the work when he was gonna say that to it doesn't make any sense You know there were both athletes exactly Exactly and it's just you know Bad world out there that a golfer can die in the you know and it's on the front page of the news page right And in the race car driver died and you know what he hears about it, you know Unbelievable I just want to say George's immediate car cars are Open wheel race cars that go about 250 miles an hour. They're not little playboy And you need to know what he's talking about. Okay, okay, pal. Thanks. Good luck to you. I'll pray for your soul 560 50 50 560 so anyway this black kid elbows in front of me and says I'm sorry in the convenience store And the young Chinese lady in there who is working behind the counter says oh, don't say anything We have this all the time we have such problem. We have such problem with them Who do you think she meant when she said them huh? What do you think she meant when she said them young men young punks Yeah young obnoxious Canadian white punks huh? How's it going mister? Have an idea? Yeah Those young Canadian men real famous for being employed. Are they? No, no Two goddamn polite Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. I report Your friend over there rush is talking about the millennium and okay great. We don't care don't care about rush We don't care about real radio. We don't care about the illuminati sir. We don't give a raw Flying crap, okay. Yeah, I'll write this a flying Yeah, oh By the way, speaking of that I'm driving on from the airport last night and listening to this station and got only those wide What else am I gonna listen to? And we got the CBS Sunday night football on there. Who the hell are those guys the Tampa Bay Detroit game And they got this guy doing rock and roll football. Hey, he's at the 25. That's what he's I've never heard anything like in my life And the one guy is trying to make some kind of a I-I-I-I-Blue comment whatever you all and the other guys is all those they say in Tampa, Bokane On CBS radio sport in the middle of a football in Bokane Yeah, and of course we carried it all by the way Orlando the big We'll be doing 6-A 45 are you impressed? No, he's okay He's not as big in the industry as boog Here's the geobals hello. Hey, yeah, how are you doing? Okay, sir? You know I before you were talking about being in the Netherlands. I was in the Air Force. I was in the Netherlands for two years Those are the nicest people. I've never seen any races and over there. Yeah, I just wanted to comment I mean, I think they're very nice people over there. I mean, they might be drugged out their heads Not a lot drugged out of their heads. What did you see a lot of people staggering around in the street? Actually no I did they're all very nice sweet even the old people right the black people everybody they're all I think There you have a lot of Indonesians. They're marrying English people over there. They're all over the world. Oh full for the like it's like a free-loving country. That's correct. I mean, I really like that I wish I could go live there again when it's it's expensive to fly there. Yeah. I mean I really like living there. That was my favorite spot I've ever been in the world. How do you like that? I'm I'm I'm I'm miss it. I just want to tell you that me too I miss it too. Can I just tell you I want to tell you you know how you always play the songs in the maybe for you bring you coming from commercial Yeah, I have a song you'd really like it's about a hole. Yeah, it's called my book my balls it by third-dase I thought you'd really love it. I swear wait. I could send that to you. Send us a cassette. How can I do that? Georgia give you the address Okay, hold on and drop one test it all in envelope 5 6 7 0 5 6 here. We'll just send you somebody that blew stuff that used to kill crabs We'll send you something that blew liquid 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's for myers. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I know. Any I got a bunch of chops a little bit About this this I guess a black emphasizing I I used to be from Washington DC and I moved to living Southwest Florida now And there was a point where where I felt like and I was getting half by blacks and living DC and so forth Well, I come to move the four of myers and they just were just replaced by white trash You know, I mean that is the same of doctors and pulse of behavior was being I think it's always gonna be there Whether there's black folks or white folks or whatever But I mean I don't know I just don't see the value of You know particularly rag on black folks. I mean it just trash trash Well, well, let me particularly ragging on black folks. I don't understand what that means I'm just telling you my personal experiences. Yeah, I understand But I mean I've had the same experience with white trash with them, you know, but in line and being a you know button and traffic or You know a fine traffic I mean you're over there on the west coast and traffic down here At least they're all consisted they're all assholes But I don't see a trailer trash button in front of me in line Well, I mean you I mean for living for Myers, you know, I'm a trial. I forgot. Yeah. Well beautiful How many black people do you have over in front of myers like well? Did they for it's weird? They keep them? Is there in a place called boot town in what and what boontown they call a boot town It's on the other side literally on the other side of railroad tracks for myers boot town. Yeah, I've heard a guy that's what they've ever been calls it. I'm I'm a surge a slur of some kind but No, yeah, but I can form myers. Yeah, but it's very segregated here By the way, I'm half Canadian and I was gonna ask you a question about something. Yes. How come like when you go from from like Mane to like new Brunswick or you cross over into or New York into Ontario or whatever All of a sudden people stop looking mutated almost immediately like yeah Buton you know missing teeth and stuff, you know, it's proudly here right and you cross over into Canada and all of a sudden people look healthy again That's right. What I was sitting in pizza pizza at my studio Today I have a great size of pizza watching all the beautiful people on young street and I was thinking of myself All right Yeah, I don't understand. I don't know what that is It's just like the same thing when you cross that border from Niagara Falls, New York and Niagara Falls on Ontario You stop here in all of some shots too. All right, well thank you Neil. See you around me. Okay, okay Some of the thing about something that a ponder See one thing I figured out about most of the people here. They don't go anywhere They don't go anywhere. Can't like George very perok you because he's a slupper. He can't afford to go anywhere real So we go to North Carolina. That's his idea Thing world traveler going again next week to all great have a good time now. I'll come back Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line God if I could just get the last gallon of this one out of my system. I feel great A tap with nose the score Turning in the last week night only on sports radio five A I didn't want to help us then all that all of us American government on the way to come to you We are 22. Thank you It's 12 30 of five sixty W to QM another great mystery Continues this is about you know something that bitch down there on a second floor I've worked with you know all kinds of people over the years. She is the most disgusting subhuman piece of turd I have ever encountered in my life bar none bar none Screw and win it car sales manager She on you know what she ought to be managing the fantasy league because she lives in a fantasy world and makes it up as she goes along Well, we just found out we just had a Georgia set of call from our friend Carol over with center one About this money from that Golf tournament You know the one where somebody said in the paper right I want to mention our general manager Greg read that's some of the money went for OJ related expenses huh And so Carol evidently from about the 400 time is calling will be here trying to find out when center one is going to get whatever the proceeds are the five or six dollars or whatever I'd be left over From that golf tournament which we were told it was represented to us was the benefits that are one Tracy Kerosido Kim is said right over there and at his ass and that's right at the table we didn't want anything to do with it and it's just it all it'll be great. Bye bye, bye, bye, bye this and at Also was we were sure OJ Simpson would not be involved in this even after the offer was made we said absolutely no no And then all the scandal all the places all over America were the pictures the famous pictures from the yesterday restaurant and all the other fallouts the all the hostility all the aggravation Now you pick it up and and describe for us this the phone call that ended by the way with a slamming dowel of a hang-up So Carol calls just now Carol from center one Carol from center one with her voice So wavering and quivering obviously very upset because she doesn't deserve by the way to take any crap from a screw-an When a granny buddy also does make believe radio station because she's having a conversation with Llan about the money and everything like that in the story now Is that center one won't be receiving much money or not very much at all? I forget would the exact quote what does that mean? It means you're gonna get you know two bits squat three bits four big fat because supposedly The lion's share the money or all of it or some of it or most of it or whatever Went to the American Cancer Society because of our co-worker sales person who died of cancer Previous to the event co-worker sales person from power 96 Yes, wasn't it good person yeah for what I don't think I knew him no very nice guy right and apparently That's where the lion's share the money is going and different to this person even though no one ever told center one or us or us Or any of the prom laws are made the people playing in a golf tournament or anybody else and the juicy part is yes That if Carol makes a big stink about this Llan is gonna show you the picture of Carol posing with football players including OJ at the golf tournament and Turn you against Carol and Herbert steak game playing bitch Game playing bitch Llan you've been hanging on here all these years playing games putting this one against that one sending that jacket That day to do that the shouting match on here here set that all up You see if you wonder by the way why we don't have any any place to do the next set of one appearance this month, which is supposedly 12 days from now see I used to do two a month every year all years I OD over here And then we decided because it's on the internet now because it's an all the last year was on all the Border stores now it's in all the specters. It's not necessary to do all these appearances So we do the pizza lock one and one per month Which I donate my time and we do a good job at him and that would be it Do we have any location for this one? No, no I'm gonna tell you right now just like I told you before See there's one down that's in the office right across the hall there's one down and still two or three to go The Chiggers in a wood pile in this place and She's the biggest sugar of them all right down here on the second floor That's screw in when it's don't even think about coming up here again and looking me in the face with your bull crap. Okay sweetheart Sweatening Carol from center one. She's gonna show our pictures the chances of you turning me against Carol or anybody else on a scale Zero our minus infinity you disgusting professional trouble making bitch How do you like that that's fucking bitch yeah And how come all of a sudden at this light date they come up with a story the money went to the American Cancer Society How many weeks is this that was I'm said what was it that was like a month a month and a half ago September 26 weeks ago Did anybody say anything about any money going to the American Cancer Society or any other activity? Oh no This is the first anybody has heard of this story underlining the story part When the people were invited to participate in that tournament where they told about this? Oh when we were promoting it all of us on here here on QA When we were promoting what this tournament was supposed to be about where we told that no no was it ever mentioned once by anyone? No It's not gonna work honey Just like all the little trips into the studio here to tell me about all the avail this show is sold out and then of course The bills keep showing up like today every day on a log in and you blame filisans This one's bought and that one's bought here is America's number one. Forget about a wink Martin Dale Forget about dick Clark Forget about Bob Barker here's America's number one game player screw-an-winic our sales manager Who thinks that by threats and intimidation? She's gonna maneuver and manipulate people around the days of your minute for the anybody except maybe your friend Oh face a rover honey You don't manipulate anybody on a show What an unbelievable unacceptable bitch and this and the reason I'm going nuts on the air about this is just to give the listeners again Another taste of what we've been up against trying to do the same thing we've been doing for years On I&Z on Zeta on IOD under Cox and Paxon no problem at all Raise I would assume millions of dollars by now for charity And all of a sudden this year we got all these problems because we got Professional troublemakers like her sticking their finger in the middle of this project interfering Interfeering Now that's not the same screw-an-winic that back when we had the hurricane Floyd Remember I remember with her can't Floyd And I wondered how come we weren't getting any information from the sales department about openings and closing the places like Pop-o Park and other places like that This wasn't the sales manager who told the sales people oh don't call up any of the clients will get some cancellations So that we couldn't pass the information along on here is it that I heard from about 15 different people in the sales department See maybe you're fooling the big cheese in there the head-honcho Maybe you're fooling a man that keeps scratching at hole in his head. You're not fooling us here on a show honey. Oh not for a minute trouble making psychotic bitch number one Lou and Winnock the real sugar in the wood pile But it's grace to the human effing race Don't ever want to see your face in this room again ever ever ever would be too soon never would be too soon Because if you told me it was raining I run to the window and look out to I'd stick my thing out the window just to make sure And by the way honey speaking of pictures This is five six feet Okay Hey For sure 17 till one is 5.60 WKOM. We got Hank from Shores coming up at 2. Oh, this is just, I'm seriously, and I would be used to talk about my writing a book with nobody who will believe it. Here they'd have me committed. I'd be in one of those real, real small cells like Renfield. Like going like that, you know. Yeah. In fact, I'm already good ready to do that. We're in a robber to sew. How anybody, I got a hand into your screw hands. How anybody could take something as simple. And you wonder why the two years ago when we were in limbo, I was getting paid off, not to work. And they didn't want to do the set of one thing. They're incompetent. They're not capable of doing anything right. But how anybody could take something as relatively simple that we've done so many times before. And screw it up like you have screw in and stick your nose in there. And I have to hand it to you. I don't think we've ever worked with anybody who could match this. Have we? No. No. The games and the lies and the manipulating and the phone calls back and forth before the tournament, by the way, you'll know Greg Reed knew everybody knew that OJ was coming. Not that anybody lied, of course. You do understand that. Nobody lied. Actua in. And so now as they scrambled desperately to cover the rest with the story, now it's American Cancer Society to go to check. Well, you know something, let's find out how much. Let's find out. Let's contact American Cancer Society and find out how much they got from that government. And why is it here six weeks after that government? If they were able to give a lot of money to them, why is it that we still don't know? And how was it determined by the way, how much went to them and how much went to set a one, which was supposedly going to be the beneficiary of that government? How was that determined? They pick it out of a hat that they draw lots. I mean, not very much. That's a great line. Seems to me, I just heard those same exact words from Regweed on Friday when I asked them about their proceeds. Not very much. Same words, same burby. It's not very much. Well, what is not very much? Is it like $6? Is it $142? Is it the big? What is it? What's not very much? Let me say it again. There needs to be an investigation into that whole episode. There needs to be some kind of situation where people are made accountable for perpetrating what I consider at this point to be a big fat fraud. On us, I'm Senator One and on those people who paid the participate. Not to mention the people who are law go more. Here's a mobile and for a lot of Dale. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. A couple things. I'm really sorry they filed up that tournament. What was the perceived benefit of having OJ there from those people that invited them? U.S. then. Okay, because it sounds like it's just sort of been a big negative. I mean, why would they even consider it? Because they're assholes, because they're game players, because they're a bunch of little children. They're game players. They were going to show me. They're going to bring money. One. They don't take bring money to it. No, of course not. No, they're not going to bring money to it. But nobody even knew he was going to be there. You got to find out who the heck it was and get him fired somehow. But anyhow, I called because of the other things. Two things that came up. One thing on a black white issue. I would joke, but I don't know if it's appropriate. No. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. All right, Jamaican front again. What do you mean again? You called earlier? Yes. But hey, no, you know, once a king always a king, you know, that's it. So now we got two lines up in the board because we got the one guy wants to do jokes and then we got the Jamaican guy who wants to have his own show. Okay. Go on KAT. Okay. They have a lot of Caribbean shows on their pal. Get your own show. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and in my life, in my life, I have never been associated. I come to work this morning. I get off the elevator up here on the third floor. The door opens and I look, I don't know why I should be surprised. This peace meal construction project has been going on for years and years and months and much is any progress being made? Oh, anything happened? Oh, no. The ceilings, all the wires, all the installations still hang in down from the ceilings, the walls are still unpainted. You're not fooling anybody. Okay, Greg, you're not fooling anybody. You're a wannabe. You're make believe. You're airzots. And yes, I'll take the money and I'll even take the $200 for that phony baloney employee of the monthcraft. Okay. But you had a close little fraternity here all those years. Why in the world did you want to bring somebody into it? Who wasn't going to operate that way, huh? I get for the life of me, I can't imagine. Even when I had memos, I was going to be a little on Friday. He says the rest of QM is a ratings disaster the rest of the day. Which I think is a little bit of an exaggeration, but nevertheless, those are his words. But I guess they thought they could get me to plan or sandbox. Did it work? No. Is it going to work? No. You see, screw in. You can maybe you think that having pictures of other people is very effective to blackmail people and the silence people and to play games with people. Maybe for other people it works. But I said, don't play. Okay. We're not impressed. You're not fooling anybody. And I'm going to make sure before I finish, you won't fool anybody in this market. If I have to talk about this every day for the next two years, 11 months. Because it's a disgrace. Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello. Neil, how are you? Pist. I know I could tell. Two years and 11 months, but who's counting? To the day. How many minutes? So, two hours and four minutes less. Okay. Hey, I just wanted to bring some cure tension. I don't know if you saw these gum sent me yesterday. They reported a trade between the Colorado avalanche and the New York Islanders. Well, let me tell you the real trade. The real trade was between the ducks and the Islanders. Ted Ruoree for Tony Hurkins. They reported it as Chris Ruoree from the Colorado avalanche who happens to be his brother as the trade for Tony Hurkins. So, the Islanders, formerly of the Dallas Stars. That's official reporting for you. Great. That's it. And by the way, you know, the big brawl that they had in the Panther Autoblog game the other night. You call that brawl? Well, I didn't see it. I mean, the elbowing incident with D'Nina. There was more about it in the Toronto paper. There's Needless to say, because when I came back last night, I caught up with the local papers. There was much more about it up there than it was here. Well, here's the thing. Well, the surprise. D'Nina went into a quadlamute type turtle dance with that. Where he kept hiding the rest of the game and so it wouldn't go with anybody. I mean, everybody. He's right about Terry Murray though. Terry's got a history of doing crap like this instead of worrying about I mean, we're getting with scoreless after one period instead of sticking and getting out of business and maybe winning a game. They focused on being a bunch of assholes pointless. He did his de-spoir and was sitting behind the bench to shake and his head almost crying. Yeah. But, uh, that's where blood was. It was pretty pitiful. Okay. Thanks for the news. One last thing. Yes, sir. Make a shameless request. Uh-huh. The English lesson for Greek. Okay. Thank you, sir. You got it. Bye. 560-70560-5560 on the AT&T wireless line is the plot. He's seconding here at QAM about that golf tournament. And the best part of the deal. The best part of the whole thing was did we want it? No. Did we need it? Oh, do we want anything to do with it? No. No. We don't want anything to do with it. It was somebody else's brainchild somewhere in this building. And as far as I'm concerned, you can take your golf tournaments and that's right. That's what you can do with it. Okay. I was sitting there in the airport yesterday in the first place lounge in the air Canada club, whatever the holiday call out thing. And instead of having an NFL football owner yesterday after them, what have they got? That guy named golf tournament. And I'm sitting there watching these men who are sitting watching the screen. And I'm thinking of myself again about people who watch golf. Not people who play golf, they want to get some fresh air, little exercise. People who watch golf. And I'm thinking of myself. Yeah. How's it? Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm just trying to figure out why the state attorney's office can spend all the time and effort and try to do the adults for having sex. But they're not looking into this kind of crowd. There ought to be an investigation. Okay. That right now. This is a scandal. I mean, that's hot. Like you said. Mm-hmm. I don't know. It's too expensive. And now you wonder why they thought for sure that I was going to sue them or something. They took some line that I said in a moment of anger and they assumed that they were going to get sued. Maybe somebody ought to be sue in them. Hi, great. Hi, great. And have a great day. You too. I mean, see, center one. They're in a catch 22. They're not a position to sue anybody because here's a station that's going to raise them in ton of money, which is a big part of their budget for the whole year. So they're kind of like stuck in the middle and spite of the fact that they're being, they got somebody over there who's being threatened and practically blackmailed in the silence, which I was going to Carol, she's not going to be silent. Somebody wants to know. And Crying Mind's want to know is how much is not very much. Is it $4 is it $17280? Is it $5.5 million? What is not very much? And like I said six weeks later, if they could come up with an accounting of how much money went to the American Cancer Society mythically out of nowhere. How come we can't come up with accounting, especially if it's such a small amount? You know what I'm saying? Don't be frustrated. Probably less. How come we can't finger that out? Screw in. Or haven't you guys got a cover story for that yet? See, this is what goes on here. This is QAM policy. Cover story. You cover free on this. I'll cover for you. Let's sit around and make a boldy stories. That's the way it works here. And of course, she's like the pivot man. Screw in. She's the pivot man. And of course, our boss is the willing co-conspirator. Because there's a lot of pictures. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hey, how are you doing? Okay, sir. A couple of things. Number one, I hate to re-gress, but the black and white and racial issues. You know, you're going to alleviate prejudice. It's in our genes. Everybody's prejudice about one thing or another. But what I really hate is, when somebody uses their own race to cover up for the inadequacies. And they do that a lot. You know, they say, well, I'm not here because I'm Cuban. They wanted me as because I'm not black. I never think that maybe they're just not smart enough. And I've pointed out two ways. If I hate to do that. But people who use their race or their religion as a cover for their their own lack of knowledge and saying that this prejudice, that hurts their race more than anything in the world. Yeah. Yeah. The other thing on the golf surface, I've been involved probably in about 20 golf tournaments on the management end of it. Yeah. And a smallest one that I've ever been involved in, netted about $4,800. Right. And a mediocre one about 60 grams. If that gives you a barometer. Well, I mean, I don't have any barometer because I have no idea how many people participated. I know that they sold out, they had like one or two fortunes to go and go into the last day. And I think they, you know, got people to sign up for that. So I think that the thing was pretty well sold out. A good tournament with the nobody can give us an accounting. I mean, how can you hold a thing like this at the sensible for charity? And nobody is accountable. And nobody has any dollars or anything. A mediocre tournament with 24. And a whole sponsor for each hole in a couple little major sponsors. You're talking probably $40,000. Or should be a netted to the end of the year. Yeah. Well, even cut it in half, even 20 grams, where did it go? Sure. Exactly. And then, you know, then the charity ends up with a bad name too because they tack their name on it. Right. And then they turn around and then, I'm going to make sure that somebody around here contacts the American Cancer Society. And then maybe we can come up with that dollar figure and find out just how much the other station donated the American Cancer Society. You can also go to United Way, you know, because they got to give it a accounting to them. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. It just keeps getting thicker and thicker and more objectionable and more unacceptable. But see screw-in, you fight. You keep coming up against these people. I who just won't play your game anymore. You can't intimidate him. You can't blackmail him. So you hang the phone up on him in a very professional way. Slams the phone down on our good close friend Carol from Center One. Only only at QAM. Prop 56 at QAM. This is 560 QAL. He's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. And now language lab, they show the teachers you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds. Today's lesson Greek. Listen one. Strawberry pie. Strong very pie. Listen two. Apple pie. Apple pie. Let's meet three. Pumpkin pie. Pumpkin pie. Customer. What kind of pie do you have? Answer. Apple pie, sperm, dairy and ponky. Language lab is a public service and the notty copy it or write for yourself. Thank you. And let me ask you what are we going to do about those damn Greeks. I'm sorry. It's minute after one at 560 WQM. We can agree on this. They're good black people. Good white people. Bad Chinese. All kinds of people is good and bad. There's only one evil the way. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. Only one. The sugar in the wood pile. The evil one. The antichrist. Everyone used to burn the witches at Salem. Uh-huh. Yeah. Maybe not such a bad idea. You know? Can you imagine how much we could probably make the money that we got screwed from the government and then some? I have a public how about if we had a public witch burning? Where could we do it? Parking lots. Right on the parking lots sounds good. Let's pick a day. And by the way, everybody we're talking to you and building your Greece on one point. All of the money it was represented to us and to be audience and everybody who participated. All of the net proceeds from this golf tournament were earmarked to go to center one. Period. End of discussion. So any other lies, any other cover up attempts, any other desperate desperate stories that you try to make up down there on the second floor. You know what they're going to go over like a pregnant pole vault or an heated July? Like trying to sell hollow vaut in the North Pole. That's how they're going to go over. Not too good. So maybe come up with a better story. How does that sound? Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, hello. You got? Yes sir. I think the word fraud is what comes to mind. Frauders exactly will come to mind. And by the way, this is the same Luan Winick who brought the entire sales department to eat for free at Paita Laplace 2 tonight at Jeff Cohen's got to get a couple of trade-out spots to pay for since he don't want to, you know, feed the whole guy they themselves the province. This is the same smart ass bitch that brings our whole guy they step out their last 2 days. And they laugh at us. And maybe instead of harassing, you know, a fine organization your problem is the only thing that you get the listeners who love you personally involved with these things. And I'm, you know, now I've always been a proud supporter as long as you have a center one. Right. And I think it's ludicrous. I think it's absolutely related to this grace. I mean, they can't even say, okay, well, it's a thousand dollars or make up something out of a story and write a check. They can't even give it a mount six weeks later. They're still so busy trying to cover their ass. And the general manager is saying for publication in the newspaper, some of it went to OG related expenses, whatever it all out means. And now she comes up today with a story about, well, uh, it went to American Cancer Society because one of our salespeople died from cancer. And don't say anything about this. I'll show you how show Neil Picks is of you with OG and the goal and the football players. And instead of harassing the guy, that sounds like blackmail to me, Lolan. Sure does. Instead of harassing the nice people at center one, maybe she could help to make sure the spots that you're running are currently all brand one about now or hour and a half go for hair conditioning and the special deal is going on through like over 30. Yeah, there you go. We love you buddy. Thanks a lot. Yeah. Or maybe take care of where we're going to be doing our next appearance. We're sent a one in November on November 13 on Saturday. Since we're only doing one from up, should be like fall out of bed in the morning. It should be so easy. Can she do it? No. You're not fooling anybody, honey. You're not fooling anybody. Even little kids in the sandbox. Not your sandbox in their own sandbox. Even little kids are laughing at. What a kind of thorny balloony desperate. Again, just like you said on Friday, the dog and he are trying to cover up the tracks. Running about 15 feet away from the pile of crap and try to kick up a little dirt and cover it up. That's what you're doing now, guys. But it's not going to work. Because I'm calling right now here on a year today for a full disclosure of all the monies that were raised at that golf tournament at a log-on-marr. Don't you think everybody's got a right to know about that, including the public at this point since this is a public disgrace? There needs to be a public accountability of all the revenues that came in. What were the expenses? Who was paid? What? Where did the money go and how much is going to go to center one? 56050. It's amazing. We were rolling along up right up until I phone call from Keralk. And have it a pretty good show here for Monday. Life was rolling along as usual. And now once again, here comes the impediment to our success. Stick in another goddamn roadblock and front of your face. What can we do to screw you up? What can we do? That's to help you out. What can we do to make life more miserable and more difficult? You have noxious pasted you. We doesn't want to play games with us. Oh, yeah. See, that's why George and I would have bad guys. We don't want to happen a sandbox and get little pale and shovel and play the games. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. What you need to do is really tune up the heat on people like screw-in and wherever else, put this together. Yeah, when the golf tournament was being put together, I am sure there was something in writing that went out to the businesses that wrote the checks for the four sums of whoever played and usually they get to put their names up on a banner or something around the golf course has been right in the contributors for this charity. If one of the people, one of the businesses that actually wrote one of those checks, someone who was damaged, someone who would have standing in a lawsuit, all they have to do is get to our lawyers and most of these businesses that lawyers on retainers, not going to cost them anything. And actually, you know, file something against KELEM and then that would bring the heat on screw-in. How do you like this answer? That both are general manager and our sales manager continue giving as part of the still-walling process. Well, how much did they actually want to put on not very much? What will kind of an answer is that not very much? First of all, anything that has to do with a charity like that has to be disclosed and usually if it is in writing that all of the proceeds are going to do with the particular charity, they have to do that. They cannot misrepresent. And like I'm saying, that's why one of the people who actually wrote a check has to be the one that had to file a lawsuit or had to find or something. And then that will turn up the heat on. The thing that's disturbing to me is that in the beginning, when his OJ thing first came up and it was all the negative feedback, you know, I had a few of those people calling. But here we are six weeks later. I don't hear from anybody who participated in it. I don't hear from any of the people logo, more anymore. And it's like, uh, nobody all seems to care about making this thing right. Most of the people I guarantee of a road check had no idea that that's come back OJ since I'm was going to be out there. Well, nobody had any idea. Nobody knew about it except the inner corner of the land. So, and had to know. Oh, she did know. Of course she had to know. So did Greg Reed and so did Greg Reed and so did Greg Reed and so did Greg. So did Sam. Those are the people who knew if maybe any of them would do one of those people. They all had to know. And, you know, for them to say that they didn't know, it's the biggest, you know, high. It's the biggest one. But anyway, like I said, get someone that actually wrote a check that was damaged. But had their name linked to the piece of crap, uh, OJ Simpson. They were damaged and therefore I think they have a call to action. I agree with you. I beg, I beg late to testify for them too, by the way. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. 560505060, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line 9 minutes after one a QAN. Just stations, dams for nothing. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Remmore for us. Oh, you. John Remmore still alive. I want to make movies for him five. My life ain't going great, but Hollywood's broke. I unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why my penis ended never ever grew. Remmore 2 was an 85 late. Remmore 3 was an 88. Sure. It's with. My gun. I could not make this movie with my son. And if they ever say, he was in Rocky Flag and daylight, the tunnel movie. A little bit of cashies for what I mean. I got to get a lot from the pilot, Queen. I got to have a lot of movie or Broadway show like the enemy. I get to buy my best hot topic and we're still doing it. I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cave in all I got left in Senate book life. Ladies and gentlemen, I make the make-remmore for him five. I get out so call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. They like comedy. Action. Adventure. And drama. The only thing I will undo is I've sex with a llama. So give me a break for goodness sake. I just have to be out open. Now I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one-man show and porky-upsy. Basically on the run and play tipsy. Those are big cashies. What I mean. I got to get a lot from the pilot, Queen. I got to have a lot of movie or Broadway show like the enemy. I get to buy a lot of hot topic. It was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is about to cave in all I got left in Senate book life. That's why ladies and gentlemen, I need to make remmore for him. Watch your scene at five sixty w to q. I mean, are the one thing I keep school and through my mind over and over again, especially these last two and a half years, can Greg Reed really possibly can any human being possibly be that stupid. Uh-oh. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and pop at OB. Chillow. Money call. Oh, thank you so much. Twelve minutes and 13 seconds you waited for that. Thank you so much my big friend. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Can you settle an argument and do it to favor the same time? Meaning what? Well, the argument is my friend here says a you said to Henry come and back to Miami. Yeah. No. I didn't say that. Five six seven oh five sixty boy talk about a little bit behind the time. He's already back in Miami. Sure. Wake up and by the way the Pope buys going to India. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. I'll let clear channel spend the might do the promotion. Okay. How are you given up free promotion? Here's a call from Detroit. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. I didn't expect to go in the radio today. I was just going on behalf of the client of mining. He just uh, you want for me to. He says you're pack of last week as name is Jeff Harrod. Did you get it? Did I get it? Did you get it? You mean that silly looking queen on the front of David magazine? You might be silly. Might be so looking queen. But he's getting a lot of acting jobs. He's doing okay. Yeah. Well, that's good. I'm happy. Tell them to have a great life. Hey, don't okay. No, no thanks. Is that incredible or what? One call left at the board here. Thanks a lot, screw in by the way. She's got the mightest touching reverse. Everything she touched is turned to instant process. Yes, crap. Thank you. 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's David. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I know what a great golf fan you are, but uh, you give make the October 22nd issue of golf world magazine for what? In the local knowledge column, it says guest of dishonor. Just when golf seemed to have rid itself of OJ Simpson comes word of a broo-ha and southward are regarding the disgrace former football grades of parents in a charity tournament. Radio station W2A. Oh, man. Which sponsored last month's event at Logo Mark on Recalvin Plantation. Yeah. Invited Simpson to play and take for his expenses to travel from Los Angeles. This angered one of the stations on air personalities and Neil Rogers, who had been promising listeners for months, it's Simpson wooden play. It made me look stupid. Rogers told the four waterdale son sent me. So he got national coverage. Didn't make me look stupid. May the whole station looks stupid. Yeah. There he is. Thank you golf world magazine. The never ends, it just doesn't stop. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. There's more good news for okay golf world. Even golf which I had nothing to do with. Even they know what a bunch of assholes we got here. I think I'm going to play music the right to the art because then I can just calm down and sit back and I just my great lunch from the all American subs. All of the American. What did I say? You said all of the American. What is it? Atlantic City. I said Atlantic City subs. And I just say that. Oh, sorry. I said that. No. I didn't say all of the American. What is that? I listen. I'm so in cool here and now. And of course this is only about the 800 time that she's pulled us. Either by sending him in here or the day that she was given me the big song and then shortly after I first came here last year about it. It's at 14 is it's 16. Misrable obnoxious disgusting, hateful, trouble making bitch. That's what we had. That's the sales manager at WQAM. And by the way, the story was back last summer when Hank got suspended for those ridiculous. Whatever that was supposed to be about. It wasn't really about the food he was talking about out of the stadium. It was because he had an temperate things to say about a couple of the female people are working his place. One of them being heard. And I got news for Hank. Whatever you said, it wasn't enough. It was an understatement. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. New. How are you? Okay, sir. Man, you weren't crap. I really did get on fast. I can't leave that you're not backed up on my own. Sure. I got three calls. You went to other people right now. That's it. Okay. Well good. I got something. Can you keep you on an awye? Because the people in this audience like the people of participate in the golf tournament and the people out there were long going mark. This is the support I get from. And they're like oblivious at this point. Okay. Evidently they don't care. So what am I getting all excited about? Other than the fact that it was a fraud in the lie and said, well, obviously, isn't going to get a dime out of this thing. You want me to give you something? Can I throw you right off the edge of the cliff now? Yeah. I called in. I'd say about seven to 10 working days. Come two weeks ago. Yeah. I want to buy a spot on your station. I spoke with two sales representatives and I left two messages and no one has gotten back to me. Yeah, that's just part of the course. I have people coming to meet the hockey teams with that story all the time. They call here. They leave a message that they're desperate. They want to run spots. The nobody bothers calling them back. I can't even get a I can't even get a price out of these people. Yeah. I honestly have spoken to two different people unless I think you're the two or three voice mail messages. No one has bothered to call me back to give me information to give me anything whatsoever. I'm just I'm kind of thankful about that to tell you the truth. Yeah. All right. You know, I wish you had an answer for a pal. I can't speak for them. There were bliggas. You know, I can't understand. Someone that brings in as much income as much revenue as you do. You know, I probably can't afford a life stop because they're probably quite a bit. But you know, I'd like to get a tape spot. I'd like to get one of these. Yeah, we have plenty of live evils on this show. It's part of the story that she runs around. Tell me about plenty of evils and all of a sudden here just since this golf turn. We have available. This show has been sold out live for a year and a half. Okay. All for a year and three quarters. And now all of a sudden they'll ask a couple months since this little golf tournament thing come along. All of a sudden we've got only live evils and this deck and all these other spots in here. And she's telling me all kinds of stories. We do have we don't have this one made a mistake, etc. And so on. Nobody seems to have it accounting a handle on this anymore. And and we can't come up with another place where I do an appearance. One more here in November for center one. Wait, is that you have live spot available during your show? Yes, sir. Both RECI spoke with said that there were none available. That's the reason I could not get absolutely incorrect, sir. Oh my god. How far? You know, a lot of times I hear you talk about your your sales holes and the sales witch. I'm going to give you a count for today, sir. One, two, three, four. There were four live evils that are showed today. You've got to be kidding. Oh, not. You know, I hear you talk about these people and I hear you bat mouth of them and you know, I wonder how you get away with it. You know, talking about management and so forth. But apparently these people are so goddamn incoherent and incapable of doing their job. Apparently true. That is correct. I'm living proof. I hope you have a wonderful day. Good luck, pal. There you go. There's some more good news. You're a QA. Oh, really got to want to give us as money. We don't want it. We don't need it. We'll give it to the American Cancer Society. Anybody believe that's through by the way? Oh, I just took a poll. We pulled 42 million people in the last break about that story about the charity money and did you think any of it went to Jerry's kids? No. And all 42 million when we asked you, believe that story, they also had no. Not one. Not one said they believed it. Maybe some of it went to an MS research. You think so? Maybe some of it went to the Lupus Foundation. Oh, huh? Maybe some of it went to a united way. How about the Milky Way? Oh, here in the Milky Way. Yeah, that's where a lot of those pictures come in. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Good. First time call a long time listener. Yes, sir. Listen, finding out. I was thinking about it. I had heard a thing on the news about a haunted house that they were having at Arizona. Yeah. And the basis of this, was based on the Columbine massacre. And it was being done in the church. And the reason they were doing it was to try to scare kids into religion. I just had a calling and tell you that. Isn't that great? I can't think of anything scarier than the Bible exactly. Great. I just thought I'd call them tell you that. Thanks for the good news. I'll write my advice to you. Yeah. If anybody believes in God, you come more care for a couple of weeks. Okay. That's right. Just ask God's words. He'll tell you. Come and work here at QA for a couple of weeks. You'll know that there's no God. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. No. Yes, sir. Yeah. I want to comment on that situation with a screw-in and the money thing. Yeah. It just seems like, um, I mean, just the nature of the water that is today. Almost companies who sign down to get that advertising so on a so-called, none of them have stepped up because they got what they wanted. They got their advertising. They got the publicity. No more no less than regardless of what the judge is or the situation is. You know, they got there. And before the state of the fair, you have a Leslie or? Well, that's great. And so on and out with evidently, none of the people sponsored that or played or was involved in it. Really give her crap or the money went. That's that's, I just, I find that hard to believe. Well, that's going to be the bottom of my eyes. Not all of everybody was complaining about the old people. They're going to be there for a so-called, why are everybody come out and said, not only about the old situation, about the misappropriation of funds. Right. Isn't that the bottom line? I certainly far beyond OJ being there. I mean, that was irritating and it was unacceptable. But that that's, that's a liner-eirited compared to where's the money? Of course. It is. I mean, that's where they go to show you. It's not so much where the money went. Is that they got what they, hopefully, wanted. That's why you're not getting no calls and no response of your local colors. Yeah. And evidently, the people, you know, see a lot of people that play in these things, they, they make the donation because they want to go out there and rub elbows with the done stock and this one and all the extrax and I want to say that they don't give a crappy on that, which is very sad. Apparently that's the deal is not about the Justin, but whether or not you know, everybody, the foundation got the money as was advertised. It's just the matter of, yeah, you're probably right. You're probably, I mean, the center one and the Ures truly were in it alone at this point. That sort of seems like to me, everybody got what they wanted, you know, pretty much the, the federal fishermen power, the everybody got what they wanted. So we'll be about any more. Okay. We got to tell thanks. Good point. Don't need to ask you that. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line, 26 after one here at QAM. The Neil Rogers show, sports radio, 560, you a half. Learn the bloody bitches. Oh right. Like the rules is an theorizingfonons can understand like everybody say bond. The rest group sounds like roses You need seeds of cake, but I'm not too clean only once. We use the rest of today. I was only in there for a few minutes. I always bring the lights off and I am blue. But now the world is out that I get in. I guess I'll have to find somewhere else. You do do do do. Now I have to hold the day that my head is to swing. I get my hands on the moon, so I'll pass you to stay. All the rest of the moon feels like those days. It's true, so I can't see you. It's true, so I can't see you. I'm not too clean. I'm not too clean. I'm not too clean. I'm not too clean. I'm not too clean. I'm not too clean. I'm not too clean. I'm not too clean. I'm not too clean. I'm not too clean. I'm not too clean. I'm not too clean. I'm not too clean. I'm not too clean. To get to know more, maybe when the entire section is increased or increased theity of the short-range flow to say the sales department isn't going to do it for whatever reason that's you know one for a month October of emergency celebration that'd be difficult to know to be a piece of cake but for some strange reason it isn't happening here's a mobile in my name hello yes sir yeah hi I play golf and I've had a following here comments on this for a couple weeks now and and one one thing that kind of I find shouldn't be done is please don't include the management group of logo marin that is these people have worked with charities for years they go to the inner city clinics for for youth groups for free and and all they did was rent their golf course to go to a m i mean you would rent the qa m i would rent the qa m and they won't anymore that probably not we got we got a letter after the oj incident we got a very angry letter from the manager whether they will not have anything to do with this place anymore well probably ask you this where do you think in other words if you're going to play in a charity golf tournament who did the people make the checks out to they well that that would be a good question i would think that they would make it out to the charity i'd run a couple of charity events and i participated in a few in generally you make it out basically for tax purposes you make it out to an unprofit organization right that's right it is right so i and normally these things depending on how many corporate sponsors you have but normally the golfer fee is about you get about a fifty let's say a forty to fifty percent profit on the golfer fee and then of course proportionately higher with your spot like for the guy that takes the black and package or something like that so if you across you about fifty to play in the tournament they had a hundred people will then you got to figure that that was seventy five hundred dollars profit right i'm that's just like a rule of thumb but anyways but the management group at logo mar find people in the they they've done so much you know behind the scenes for for youth groups and and in schools and people in general that i didn't want to say that that's a good point all right thanks that's it of course the people log-a-mour probably will be because we'll never get an answer on a standstill from in here will we know no unless unless of course now maybe we still have people listening all the light out it because they seem to have vanished for whatever reasons since the golfer know we had a few call in the days immediately after the oj debacle but maybe we have some of those people still what is who can tell us if they were to check and if so who would they make the check out to was it q a m was it sent a one it couldn't have been to send a one there's no way that could have been because if that was the case none of that money could have been divided the american cancer society or oj's playing trip or anybody else the oj since in a revival in the image fund five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line here's a mobile in my amy hello yeah hi you know i'm a first time color and attempted a advertised on q a m also i was also told you guys don't have any life but and it would be on true and it makes me think that q a m once by money not that much because that's what your sales department thinks to do an Israel unfortunate that uh giving your program in your and the type of product you put out was they can demand some money apparently there's they have no taking so i think screw in really really those at one arm money all quite that much yeah well it's part of the game playing process that's going on you understand seems like a you have a good one thanks to the good news there's another one we probably have a list as long as you're armed of people who tried to yes the checks were made payable to w q a n oh now the fine aroma that most of us are so familiar with that's right that fine aroma is in the air now that we find out where the checks were made up hey that's your power manure hangs over this place how do you like that that's going mad dog the checks were made to w q a m so like the guys says don't get the logomorph people involved in the middle they're just trying to do a good deed like they have a million times for a charity cause the checks were made out to w q a m which immediately tells you there should be in 15 minutes they could come up with an account of how much money was raised of a dollar figure subtracting whatever the cost was the expenses were etc and so on and come up with a net figure here we are six weeks later and there's still the one a tapence and trying to blackmail our friend Carol it's so this is so low so scummy so grow test if you make a big think about this in other words if you repeat this to Neil I'm going to show them those pictures that you would have got for it with the athletes and what old you like I give a crap I may have curled was out there just like everybody else you was getting their pictures made with whoever that's her business I don't care kind of do with the price of a peanuts sounds like blackmail the me sounds like another unethical piece of turd to me that this place is becoming notorious for infamous for let me say it again say it one more time the checks were made payable to w q a and you know was a great sub lunch subs from Atlantic city subs on parkour and charity on parkour and charity holly with a great it was great but you know something I'm ready to heave that lunch and several previous meals all over this counter just hearing this crap and you see the the worst part of it is we didn't have anything to do with this we didn't want to be associated with it we wanted nothing to do with it have the tournament for somebody else don't do with any favors and now you understand why now you understand why because everything they touch turns to instant process back from the newer will well over come well we'll wind up with the good your fundraising will sell a lot of stuff make a lot of cash but we'll still find out what the inside story is on this acquiring minds one and oh and if nobody else wants to know I want twenty one till two a q a and I this bill's imprint the other w q a m dot com for all the latest dolphin information in your case so we great price is playing beat the broadcast for radio five sixty w q a and I will break you to spare is that sunrise tomorrow I slobber over none of the things and are judged savings when it comes to kids and produce I'm where we ever wants to learn that we? You But I'll never ever know I'll never ever Spook that thingles. Knowing all the functionality of my life and all my life I'll never know if I'll ever know ever Spook the thingles. I've fingers quakes and licks the fuck to a sweaty hens who's living. I've done about everything with fruits and haves of veggies I've told those manners, those things, those things, those things I've been hearing this year, these shiggles. And even though I love these things, I will not switch the pedals. Knowing all the functionality of my life and all my life and all my life I'll never ever know ever. No matter what you do, no matter what you do, no matter what you do. Knowing all the functionality of my life and all my life and all my life I'll never know ever. I'll never know ever. 145 at 560WB. Whatever. I'm going to have to save this, is real thing for tomorrow. Is real history disputed? Little get some people. Five product. Five so we got 450 Opa lines here in the last quarter hour. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, man. Hi. I think you're missing one real good point on your side with his golf tournament. You read a lot of ad copy so did everybody on the air. Correct. You mean promotions from a motion. Right. Who wrote that you? No. They did. Uh-huh. Did that say anything about another charity? Of course not. There was never any other charity involved. Well, then they have falsely used the name of center one to promote a tournament. And all the people on the air, too. I mean, that's what we said when the OJ came up is that that was bad enough. But I mean, it wasn't mentioned one way or the other in the promos. But certainly it was every promo because benefits center one. Well, then they are the way. And then have a lot. Let me ask you this. How do you arbitrarily after you've had a charity event that you've, you know, a purported to represent one thing. How do you then at that point determine how much is allegedly going to go to some other charity that you just decided arbitrarily in the middle of midstream and how much is going to be left over and then come up with the line like, oh, well, not very much. You can't. That's the point. You have the right. So it really, really stinks here. You have the taste and center one has a case against them. This is the use their name and promotion of an event. We're profit. And at this point, if center one isn't getting the money, then um. And how can it be six weeks later that there's no accounting of how much, especially if all the checks went to QAN? Well, center one has the right to demand an accounting because of the fact that they're going to promote it. I'll make sure that they do. And no one else is named there for, I mean, it may be a very good charity, but they have no right to that money. Right. Well, I'd bet you a lot of money that no other charity got to dime. Well, I'm sure it's not anyway, but the point is no one has the right to, so they can't even claim that. Right. Okay. Thanks, Peter. Thank you. Unbelievable to take something as, you know, as benign as positive as easy as falling off the out of the second morning, falling off a log because like I've told you before when you have a bunch of crazy people running in asylum, I'll bunch of irresponsible children in the sandbox as opposed to a business, like a real business that when somebody calls and says, oh, by the way, I'd like to buy some advertising on the show whatever it is. That somebody actually returns the call. It has like an adult conversation with him like a business person, like doing business. Just for a mile as long. Neil, yes sir. Are you there? Okay. A previous call, she stole last under, but maybe some other thoughts. What you have was an implied contract and because the station devoted to funds, that is, you can double check with your attorney, but that's fraud when the intent is too deceive then you got fraud and because there was no. I mean, I don't have the problem in front of me because it's long since so gone, but I remember the very last line proceeds to benefit center one. Exactly. And the funds are not included. You know, they haven't received a dime. And if they claim that their intent was not to defraud, then you should buck up and say, well, you didn't pay me my talent fee of $100,000. Then you'd see some money going real quick saying, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, we only raised $50,000 here for money, sir. You know, you could say, you know, you didn't pay me my talent fee. Tell me for what? Well, for your promotions, didn't you show up? No. No. I'd have anything to do with this thing. I'm sorry. I thought that you showed up being a big supporter of center one that you went to name and actually appeared there. No, I didn't. I don't have a grab, and then whatever to get out. Okay. No, they did defrauded and their intent was to deceive. Okay, well, tell the beeslies over there. We said thanks. Okay, all right. Thanks a lot. Thank you so much, beeslies. And thank you, Greg, again, for being a great business man, a great leader that we can trust that we can follow, that we can just blindly go over the edge of a cliff after knowing that he won't lead us astray. You know what I mean, Greg? Ehh! I knew you would. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, like I've told you before, people think I make this stuff up. There's no embarrassment factor here. It doesn't make any difference. How gross task, how humiliating it is. Nothing can embarrass them. It's like water off a duck's back. They just don't care. It's like the business about not paying people on time. The contest winners have powered 96. The contractors are doing this five-year project. They'll be here. That you take about three months in a normal place. They just don't care. Just give us the Fing Money, please. I'm sorry, no, please. Here's my any, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Let me get your mind on something else.