4 3-0 5 6-PW 2 AM Miami 4-Liter Delperous that's the Neil Rossier Show. This is a talk to Neil called 5 6 7 0 5 6-P-Toll Free for David Broward, or Pound 5 6-Theon yourself Oh, the opinions of Neil his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WCQAMB's read-in positions or the review broadcast booth. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5 6-P-Q-A-L. Okay, it's in broad! Oh, right. What's reading is you badly? I know that was born like a thuss in the ocean, strong means would not. They're not found out the show. So me, can I hear? Please say, hey, over. Which it can be, uh, too. Oh, okay. What's your blow, please? Just one bit, please. You can show me, because I do. Give your blow me. There just one bit, please. Oh, me. What's your blow me? Just one bit, please. Oh, me. Just one bit, please. Oh, that's about 50 WCQAM happy Monday, too. Yep. And I'm going to tell you those sports holes are so pretty. I'm just loving it. I'm squeezing myself. I'm so excited. First, the Huraculans get their answers. Want by Virgin Tech. Let's hear it. All right, nice, God boy. And then Jimmy, we got to stop the special. Get this ass kicked up there in Buffalo, big time yesterday. And he's blaming the media and too much attention on this. And they're calling, oh, we want Danny back. Well, now we like Danny. You're so predictable. It's just embarrassing. Don't you have any shame? No, any sense of embarrassment, humiliation. No, degradation. Too face-ness? No, anything. No. But anyway, that's the way it goes. They got their answers. Kicked and that's, you know, that's sports baby. You win some, you lose some, and some get rained out. Nothing good will come from overpopulation. Here's another great letter. By the way, thanks to our friends at Legal Seafood for a nice breakfast this morning. Nothing like a real good shrimp cocktail on some clam chatter for breakfast. What's wrong with that? How many years have I been telling you people? You don't have to have God damn cereal and eggs for breakfast. What were the never-come from? Did God write it in the Bible? You supposed to eat certain things for breakfast? No, what's wrong with shrimp cocktail and clam chatter? For breakfast, from Legal Seafood. Thank you guys. That was great. Great letter to the editor today. In a sunset, by the way, every day pretty much you can find one that stands out either because it's so good or generally because it's so bad. Today's being very good from Chuck Irvine and sunrise. Nice going, Chuck. Oh, God. I got a Jewish boy to me. Who says nothing good will ever call or Chuck. No, any Jewish guys named Chuck Irvine sounds, you know. Not really. Irvine sounds like those horse people from all Ohio down Irvine Jr. and senior red. Oh, those guys. Like I said, nice go, your boy. Well, seriously, just come up with one Jewish guy named Chuck. Are there Jewish charleses? Don't start trying to see George's back and right off the bed. He's starting to twist things around. Chuck. Like Chuck Mire. Now, see Chuck Mire sounds, do you know that he do I? No, no, but that sounded like it. Yeah, he was hit a little mustache. Now he was all right. Chuck, I'm trying to think, do I? Have I ever met one Jewish guy in the world? How about Chuck's Inc? Is he Jewish? No, no. Chuck, uh, ground Chuck, Chuck roast, Chuck roast, Chuck Schwartz. Well, somebody, they're my mentioned. There's a Jewish Chuck. Somebody in the audience knows a Jew named Chuck, but anyway. Nothing good will ever come from overpopulations. The heading and it says on October 12, the United Nations announced the birth of the six billions of people. There's billions of people on his planet Earth. This is definitely no time for jubilation. No. No. No. Overpopulation is a director of the human beings just 50 years ago, scientists announced that this planet couldn't support three billion people. So, officially, we couldn't feed them. Give them jobs, proper, proper medical treatment. Now we're faced with six billion people. God damn it. Americans have not yet experienced a full impact of overpopulation. However, China for many years has been a boarding millions of newborns and families are allowed only one daughter. India's got millions of homeless people begging for food in the streets. Bangladesh has got millions of children dying of starvation and disease. Wherever overpopulation exists, people lose their sense of dignity in the moral code and lower themselves to animals, says Chuck. Nothing good will come from overpopulation. Only famine and perhaps war will be the outcome for future inhabitants. There you go. Makes a lot of sense to me. If anybody with a brain, stop making so goddamn many babies. First, sterilization. You can screw your brains out. Then we don't have to worry about your reproducing. Screw your brains out. Have a good time. Just stop reproducing. Because things like birth control and plant hair and all those, that's a little bit too complicated. We don't have time to wait for dumb people to be taught those things. And the way for the right wingers to let us teach them those things. So just sterilize all these barbaric people. Okay, please. What we do it today sounds good. There's probably a little known fact from the dolphin business in Buffalo yesterday, but if you scoured the columns, there's always something in their worthwhile that most people don't know them, but also don't care about. The back street boys were in Buffalo for weekend concerts and along with the countless teenage girls that stalked their hotel, they had one more unlikely fan. Dolphins guard Kevin Donnelly. Oh, look a pad and pen and try to get members of the band to sign autographs part of the yesterday's game. But he was rebuffed by security that surrounded the band, which was at the stadium to sing with National Anthem. While it's uncertain whether Donnelly wanted to get autographs for himself and is possible, he wanted the signatures for his three-year-old daughter, Kayla. See, that's always the way these guys do it. Just like John Pena said, I was the department. Pretends that it's his daughter that's obsessed with 98 degrees. He knows the lyrics of every song. Oh, yeah, come to me at the end of the day. Oh, do you get the Christmas album yet? You got that yet? He can give you the name of every song. The lyrics he can sing along? Yeah. Even those nicknames have such huge size from 98 degrees. But no, that's his daughter. That's a big fan. And so the same with Kevin Donnelly. So if he's out with a Humper this week, by the way, it's kind of embarrassing because it was watching Hank on ESP yesterday. And when they threw it to him, they were talking about the back sweep boards that did the same national anthem. Yeah, that's what they said in Hank on a wet. Like that. Like, what is he supposed to say? You know? They get a trail by the way. This right on the heels of us talking about this last week in a sudden, Sentinel. This was the over weekend Saturday's paper yesterday. Did you hear about this about how they had a fingerprint all the priest in the employees of the art sizes of mind in last Friday? Yeah, they took their fingerprints. I said they should have took their tongue prints and their lip prints would have been a lot better. I'm sure if the animal-think fingerprints show up on your fucking Oswald voice penises. So they should have been taken like tongue prints and the lip prints from the lips. Gum prints. Yeah, that's what a priest says. I'm gumming. I'm gumming. When they call it me, I'm gumming. Eventually, I'll get there. Fingerprinting can protect kids. How do you like that? Here's a sad and shocking sign of the times. It says, soft lotus, catalyct, priest, nuns, seminary students. Is that seminal? Lay workers and church volunteers of being fingerprinted to see if any have been arrested or convicted of serious crimes, including child abuse. It goes down about how troubling this is. 3,800 employees and 700 volunteers are working with children. The elderly disabled workers. They had to be fingerprinted. It says while troubling, it's also logical to wise and necessary for the church to take this extraordinary step across America and around the world. The church has been played with cases of certain priests, of certain priests, certain priests that said involved in sexual abuse of adults and children. People fact in the church. Right. As a consequence, the church has faced embarrassing publicity. A loss of insurance and multibillion dollars of damage lawsuits from victims in their families. So now they've got a fingerprinting. Like, where is Jack Webb? Where are you? Yeah. Like that. It's a criminal organization. We have to go in there and figure put him and I guarantee yesterday morning and all day yesterday, a lot of you people are out there subsidizing this corrupt institution, which by the way, they're very upset about dogma now. About this new movie. I'm not just somebody in the audience. We haven't seen this already. Dogma. I don't know what they're upset about. They've been 85 million movies out. They're skating movies. The excesses, all the godfather movies priest. Nancy Habits. They've been 50, like I said, 20 million movies. Rip into Catholic Church and rightfully so. And they're upset again. And the filmmaker who's they develop Catholic, by the way, Kevin Smith, he says, what's it all about? I'm just trying to make some money. They have no sense of humor. They have no sense of humor. See, you're paranoid like that because you know it's true. You know what's all true? That's why you're reacting to lash out. Like some asshole they hit on their own CNN last night. Just lashing out. This is this. This is disgusting. Just like this program, right? Tell an accepted candidate, 560 WQM. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM-BVRI's acquisition court. As a crime. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to defend on is your car. With two canoe theft on the rise, the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Carolar. Now, bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my portable bill. You think MF? Remember when we used to boost the second carabine. We ought to get a bundle of the day's baby. The white one's a cooler. Get away from my portable bill. You think MF. What the hell is that? I have sex seriously. So fat is he like that. I think somebody else. Get away from my portable bill. You think MF. Get away from my portable bill. You think MF. Whenever some fast tries to steal my car, I feel safer. With an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my portable bill. You think MF. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Carolar now. And receive a free flower antenna. Get away, get away, get away from my portable bill. You think MF. And old Jewish guy named Isaac Carolar. I will be able with all of those stories. 15 to 560 WQM. So Saturday, it's specs we had. I wouldn't say a mob scene because it's not the kind of a place. And by the way, thanks again to our friends. It's specs to do a great job for us. They're tremendous. We didn't have a mob scene because it's like a, you know, it's a standalone story. And they have like a limited amount of parking. And it's in the Gables there right across from U.M. And we had, you know, a steady, a flow of people. And it must have been too bad because we raised 335 bucks there on Saturday. I just got the numbers here from Carol. That's pretty good. Had a lot of very fine of people are on Saturday. Like I said, and we really did. We had a lot of living and breathing people are, which is great. But the point is I'm looking at my total now, 48,632. And it's the 15 that's the midpoint in November. All I can say is, oh, I mean, between the, you know, the start with a CD's being screwed up in the beginning. We lost the two thirds of the month of October. And then we had that famous golf term. Yeah. That famous. Ehh. Golf term. But I will say this the big hit so far along with the CD's. By the way, those T-shirts are disaster. They shouldn't have had the Pope, the media, the picture me doing the Pope on a T-shirt. See, that's what I wanted. Do I, does it make any difference what I want? No, I'm just small potatoes. I didn't think we were going to have any. Yeah, but we shouldn't have had them with the picture with the Pope on everybody loves that. Spock on over biggest by far and, you know, a couple of people have said to me, when you know, 20 bucks for those key chains because it's not just the key chain. The tattoo is like a little too bite too, uh, box. That's his new Rogers Center one. Doesn't say QAM on it by the way. Oh, thank God. And if they deserve any publicity. Oh, God. But anyway, they, you know, have a little. The sound and if you hold them down. They repeat. And, uh, the kids, especially the ones like 30 and 40 years old are having a great time. Oh, seriously, they're getting like red in the face with these things. A little kid, especially, but yeah, like about 50 and 60, those kids. So a very interesting thing happened along with the fine interesting looking people that showed up there on Saturday at specs. Our old friend Adam showed up. The former producer of the Rick and Sudshow, my close personal friend Adam, who's a good guy. We like Adam, even though he's a little bit, you know, groupish. Well, I'll remember that old website. Oh, yeah, we remember those days, but nevertheless, so Adam shows up with his, not girlfriend, his fiance. Okay, we seem like a nice lady. Seeing like. And we're talking these tell me how clear channel is the worst and about how Rick went through this whole thing. Are you leaving because of me? Was it me? Just like the Marvin thing. Every time the producer quits on that show, Rick goes through this long side contact thing is because of me. And of course, the everybody knows the answer is yes. What was it? Yes. Yeah, because you Rick, because you're impossible to work with because you're just paying in the ass. Because it seems to me that there are people in this business, always blame their failures or whatever it is. And they're producing. So he's somebody else's called the dog done at you know, if I John Bonay, the dog done it. Somebody else did it like with OJ. And to same thing over to your queer channel. But anyway, so Adam's there with his fiance and we're talking about this talking about that. He's wandering around. He loves the CDs with the cover there. Me with the pope thing on all of a sudden out of nowhere. He says, as they're standing off to my left. I don't know if the audience is ready for this. I know why sure wasn't. So whatever her name was, I apologize. I forget what her name was. Now you're long to stay in my I'm forgetting. He says my friend here. I don't have time to care lady. Yeah. Oh, from two weeks ago, was that you were still here that was before you went away. Yeah, from a couple of weeks ago, when we had all the shootings, we're talking about all these kids getting killed and kids killing other kids. And all these horrible things. And this woman calls in on his show and goes through a big song to dance about being indifferent. And then she says, I don't have time to care. Not only don't I care, but I don't have time to care. I guess she's busy taking care of Adam. A lot or whatever whatever they're doing. So she don't have time to care. They left shortly after that, by the way. That was kind of like a conversation stopper. You know, I'm saying kind of like there was a dark Paul over the entire proceeding at that point for a few seconds until they kind of like wandered away. She's the, I don't have time to care. I guess I don't know. You've got to be joking. You are joking. She said no. That's me. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Our first call of a new week. After waiting 18 minutes and 18 seconds, I reach over. I put my finger on it. I say, here's Miami. And there's nobody there. Here's a mobile in the keys. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. You know, you're good. Thanks. I get to get off to our various case. Now that he scored a golden plate. So, well, who's on his case? I know. Who's on his case? Who's on his case? What is that Sunday going back to the ice cap? Who's on his case? You are. No, I'm not. I mistake. I certainly said what you were on Friday. I said the people were getting very sick and tired of having him not playing. And we wanted to see him play. And he played in the escort of beautiful goal. And we were very excited. That was great. That's pretty fine. Yeah. I mean, you're special Saturday news. Great meeting you. Yeah. On nice day. Okay. There's another guy with no material. I wonder which one he was. He certainly wasn't one of the final looking young people. I was telling you, I'm sorry. Not that George Carey, but nevertheless, I'm self-assured. So I tell everybody about these things. Yeah, there were a lot of really you find people there for me. 560, 50, 50, 50. We're looking for Jews named Chuck. Are we going to find any? No. By the way, the Panthers got raised here for a specific fan of mine. By the way, so we're glad to have him back from a selfish standpoint. We're happy about that. But, you know, it's he really what we're looking for. Oh, I don't think so. She's got him stealing Sullivan. I'll tell you that right now. But he's too small. They don't like to small guys in this organization. We know that. Here's for a lottery. Hello. You know, how you doing? Great. You guys watching the, okay, we got this Chicago Minnesota game yesterday. And the announcers said after, they've been saying this for a couple of weeks now. That when the Minnesota area, the kicker for Minnesota miss the fuel load of Women's Game, water, Peyton must have had a hand on the ball. Uh-huh. And then, and then, and then, and then, maybe, maybe his liver was on the ball. Yeah, but then, but then, but then, okay, then the Bears get the ball back. And over time, they have a chance to put it. But their kicker misses it. So what happened to water, Peyton there. And then, we have a dead man can only, we didn't involve so much. You know, I don't want to kind of peed it out by the time overtime came. And then, it's not against the ball back. And of course, uh, Anderson hits the, hits the fuel go to win the game. So what happened there? He, like I said, he went and doubt he peered out. I think he's announcers talking like this. I just, I think it's ridiculous. But, but it, but that's the way Americans talk. That's the way this, this phony thing. Oh, he's looking down on us now. I'm sure he's watching now. You know, when somebody croaks them in a box in the ground, they're not up in a sky somewhere. Looking down. No, but the thing is no one knows who knows. Maybe he is. Maybe he isn't the wife and say it. You don't even know anybody knows. What happened? If there's a guy, if something, if you go to the sky, if you go to the sky, if you go up to the sky. If you're in the ground, let me ask you something. Have you ever been in a plane? Yes. Okay. Now, when you're up at a plane, like 33,000 feet up in a year. Right. Well, you, that's that point. You realize you look down and you see the earth and you realize and you look up. There, there's no such thing as up. Don't you understand? There's no up in the sky. There's no up. There's no down. It's just space. What does that mean? Up in the sky. It's just a little bit of a bit of a golden baton. He's blocking the field goal. All right. Who knows what happens to you? Maybe go to heaven, maybe you don't, maybe we just start. Don't know. Let me stand again. You go into a box in the ground. We know. Okay. We know. You know. Really? We don't. Okay. Have a great day. You're saying it for the 10th time. But you're, you're being evasive because you don't want to face the fact. See, I realize it's not a pleasant thing. But if we can't even agree on that, if you can't accept that, what's the point of talking about anything? You don't want to say it? Exactly. Yeah. I mean, if we can't even agree on something as basic as that, you're living your life. You're dying. You're going to box. They stick in the ground. Everybody cries a lot. Then they go eat. And then they go on it because life is for the living. That's what it is. You don't go up in the sky. I love when they say that. Heaven. Oh, that's up there. And hell. That's down there. That's. Oh. It's down there. And you're going to be there, Neil. Oh, I can't wait. No, I'm not going to be down here. I'm already there. I'm already in hell. Believe me. George discovered that when he came back to work today. Oh, my God. North Carolina wasn't so bad. I'm in hell. I'm back here. Oh, yeah. But they're getting the job done out here. We got some fresh paint on the walls out here. They're getting ready to put the new carpeting down out there. They're getting ready to put the ceiling tile up. I guarantee you some time in the next millennium will get this guy named project. I won. I won. Wanna be easily greeds. I'm going, boys. What a bunch of clowns, man. Cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap. If you pay the goddamn contract, oh, by the way, do you know how long it took to build? Where did I see this? Oh, it was Mike Wallace. It was on the Inusia tonight. The Empire State Building. You know how long it took to build it? 13 months. 13 months. Here we are on the third floor in some thickie three floor office building. In by the by the date growered line in the Adamsville, in the middle of nowhere. And it's taking them years to get this done. They built the Empire State Building in 13 months, Greg. And we got, we got some paint on the wall out here. That's there, Teddy. We're doing it. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Have you seen dogly yet? No, I have not. That's what I was asking. Right. I'm going to be seeing it this weekend. But I thought it's very funny is that the people who have been protesting and tofu and drawing. Having seen it. Having seen it. Having seen it. Right. There was an interview on Friday. I wanted the new station with a woman from Catholics in the media who reviews these things from whatever a Catholic perspective is. And she said she was not offended at all. Yeah. She thought it was the movie was arrived. There you go. It's a comedy for Christ's sake. It's a satire. People just take things too seriously. And that statement is in it. So how serious can it be? Absolutely. Right. Okay. Hope you enjoy it. And take your rosary beads. Whether you have to have something to rub while you're watching. You know, those kind of movies. 560, 50560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line 10, 46, a QAN. Oh, better get this schedule. Say, oh, geez, better get in the right week now. We'll have to get all up set. He'll start tearing up in there in the other room. Hank is a chulous. We got Hank with net more at 5. Maybe Jimmy, we got a child to call in one day this week. We got the booster at 6. And then we got the jets at the Patriots. A rather important game not for the jessler for the Patriots. 845 of the pre-games and night. I'm on the night football. Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer. And you're listening. 3, 2, 3. We've got the afternoon to 2. Sports radio 560. QAN. The old... YAH. We are from the Patriots. We've got the Silver Square flag. Turn off your knocks. And the rain will tell us that we'll pass. And some people are be told. We will pay top here so on our ways of your reality. So as you're a f**ked pack, and be dead. We'll help his closest to us. Thank you. I've got the gear set off. The front is waiting for our two Echoes. We're at my two more Echoes. We're at the front. We've got the second gear on the narrowest thing. We're at the front. We're at the front. We're at the front. We're at the front. We're at the front. We're at the front. We're at the front. We're at the front. We're at the front. We're at the front. We're at the front. We're at the front. We're at the front. We're at the rear of my godware inauguration. This is obs la dieta. This is our world jeet. Someone's gonna burn down. backpackuing, cable We're insens. We brought your handsome apple sauce. Shut up, silly ass! Oh, son, there's a whale box! When we joined our night's got jotted wind, we waited for a little box. We waited for a little box. He and the man have explained how we need for our faiths, by all of those faiths, and we were so happy. You're a great friend, you're so great! Oh, that's pretty clear. Five, six, you're wc, I'm see that young guy that's called before, that was given me a son that's about the football and answers, and about Walter Peyton's stuck his hand and blocked the field goal, but then he got paired and didn't do the other one. You know, it's like the podcast on your kettle black. I mean, you said the same thing 15 different times and I agree with the point, but you're doing the same thing. Why do you know, we don't know what happens, you know, whether you go up there or you go down there. It's just, it's, it's, it's, it has me crazy because you've been conditioned to say these things. Yes, we do know, okay? In fact, step on a cockroach, hopefully you won't be a cockroach, just a little ant, all right? Next time you have an ant crawling in a kitchen, step on it, and like put it in the bottle and take a look, see if it goes anywhere. See if it goes up there, see if it goes down there. I think it'll still be in a bottle, until like kind of decomposes in about 50,000 years and it ate there no more. In 50 million years, it'll probably still be there. In fact, the ant had been here long before, we have it, probably, been here long after we are. But why do you have to say these things, because he's doing exactly the same thing, but he's not going to have to do it, saying these silly things that we're conditioned to say, all the God bull crap. Very interesting, pulled by the way in the hero of the day, which will get the gun not for a upset. What's the already instinct? Well, about Jeff Bush, and they'd, it's about 50, 50, it's about even Stephen. About the Jeffster, my me date, it's a little bit more supportive. I wonder why that is, huh? And date counting. What the fuck? He's a mine, who's Bush, yeah. But do you favor or oppose placing additional restrictions on handgun purchases in the US? In date counting, this is shocking. 78% of the people in date are in favor. 77% in Broward and Favor of placing additional restrictions on handgun purchases in the US. Only 19% again in date, 18% against in Broward. But Democrats, 76% in favor, 22% against they wide, and Republicans, even Republicans, 56% in favor, 42% again. How do you like that on your gun squeezing? Not out there. You want to fix? You maniacs? You freaking barbarians? You... You son of a bitch. Yeah, well, I wanted him to say it not me. Trigger locks. Look at that. 71% in Florida and Favor of Trigger locks. 80% in date and 86% in Broward. Even 68% of Republicans are in favor of the mandatory purchase and use of Trigger locks for all guns in the US. Abortion restrictions. See, the thrust of this article is that the Republican party is out of sync with the voters. I'm almost all the major issues. So I have no idea why somebody even keeps getting elected. Why, why George W's is so far ahead in those polls. When nobody has any idea, other than that he's a dummy and he's just a C student and he likes a little fun up his nose. Other than that, maybe. You favor or oppose new laws which replace additional restrictions on abortion. In date, county, 50% opposed 41% in favor and Broward, well, we know why that is. They're opposed to more restrictions on abortion in Broward 56% again 35% in favor. And even Republicans are like 1% apart, even Stephen Democrats 54% opposed 35% in favor. About discrimination against homosexuals. You favor or oppose enacting new laws to legally protect homosexuals from discrimination that obtaining jobs in housing. In date, county 56% in favor 31% against. Even in date, county 56% in favor in Broward, county 73% in favor, only 19% against. statewide, well, let's say statewide Democrats 62% yes 29% opposed. Even Republicans, how do you like this? Trent Lot. Republicans 63% I'm sorry, 50% in favor 39% opposed. You Republicans are out of step with a mainstream. I hate to break the news to you, but you're out of step. Maybe the BSO can, you know, can write another Bingo Hall in Ken Jenney, can switch parties. And about prescribing marijuana, which is your this one. You favor or oppose allowing physicians to prescribe marijuana for medical purposes. This is strictly for medical purposes you understand. In date, county 60% are in favor 32% opposed. Broward, county 59% in favor 29% opposed. Keep in mind that Broward, county, we got a lot of old farts out there. Who are probably saying, oh, that's bad. That's real bad. You're going to burn in hell. statewide 63% of Democrats in favor, only 26% opposed. And wait till you hear this. statewide 65% of Republicans are in favor, only 29% opposed. Legalizing marijuana for medical purposes only. You do understand that only, but nevertheless that's a start. Overwhelming majority even Republicans. So even Republican voters are out of step with a so-called Republican party on the major issues. Whether it's abortion, whether it's homoes, whether it's the wicked weed, whether it's the jepster, no matter what the hell it is. So I said, the Republicans, this and then 2000 just don't bother running any candidate. Okay. Just stop. Just stop wasting our time. Here's pop at OB, Chalo. Uncle Neil, Mr. Yes, sir. That, um, not to change your subject, but good first. The guy that called up about Walter Peyton blocking the kick. Yes. Do you mean he found a lot like the one that said there's no flags in the church? No, I don't know. No. I don't know. I don't know. He wasn't whining as much. He was not fact in the church. He wasn't squealing as much as that guy. That guy's a whiner. I got a couple of reviews. He was one of the reasons. I got a couple of Jewish friends named Charlie of that house. Really? Charles Rosney and New Haven Connecticut. And you got a friend of yours. Charlie Young with embroidery works. Yeah. I was just the same as a couple of people in Charles. But Chuck? No, I know. I know. Because what time I call my friend Charles and Connecticut Chuck? And he's taught me right there. It was no. You're right there. I'm very sensitive. Because when you're doing the supermarket, you see that ground chuck. And we're very uptight about that. I hear you. I got you on that. I talked about it all seasoning on it to make it tender. But anyway. Talk to the public. Is running something. When I'm the guy to call you from Sydney, Australia couple weeks ago. Yeah. Okay. When I was in Australia, they were just about to have their election on November 6th. The determine whether they were going to leave the British Monarchy or not. And they were comparing. You know, what would a public would be with the United States and other countries. Stuff like that. And this one guy wrote in the tutorial saying that there's 260 million people in America. And all we can come up with a George W. Bush, Al Gore, Bill Bradley. And then. But that's something, though. So that's been a long time. That's been a long time. That's been a long time. I know. And then on the second line. You know, George Bush senior. I mean, we can have some of the most mediocre people run this country. It's pathetic. No, it's ridiculous. And nowadays, now that people are getting, you know, My name is caucus. As soon as they're announcing they're running for dog catcher, all of a sudden, their whole life is exposed. And you know, it's, it's, it's garbage. Just garbage away things. Things are done in an media nowadays. And that's going to keep a lot of good people out of office for what you're going to do. That's the way it is nowadays. I have one question for you. I was out of town and I noticed that's what's talked. But I got to ask this because nobody can give me a real good answer. When they did the baseball top 100 team or whatever. And that guy Jim Gray interviewed Pete Rose. Yeah, what happened? I've heard so many people say so many different things. For the baseball, let Pete Rose take part in the ceremony. Yes. And when he was now selected by the fans and when he came out, he got the biggest of A lot of anybody all night. He's going to go out to the interview on NBC and grilled him and asked him about, Is he sorry? And doesn't he want to now come out and admit that he gambled. He said no. And he asked in the same question over and over and over again. And Pete became very upset as he rightly had a right to do. And Jim Gray was an asshole. And the NBC people are the ones who put him up to it. And it was a disgrace. And have a great day. Thank you. Okay. 20 to 11 at 5. 60 QAM. This is 5. 60 QAM. Dolphin's Hurricanes. Plus Sunday and Monday football. Your football superstition is sport radio 5. 60 QAM. If you blow too much, you're in trouble. You're in trouble. You're in trouble. You're in trouble. You're in trouble. You're in trouble. You're in trouble. You're in trouble. You're in trouble. You're in trouble. You're in trouble. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. Outside of school, you said you're sick. That fluttered as boring. It's all the parking lot. Early birds and those parts don't f**k me. I don't care. I don't care. Whatever happens, do all the footings, do all the steps. Nobody gives a trap. And it's a stroll by the map hall. It's the land of the great dead. So I prefer to spread my ball instead of I don't care. I don't care. Okay, it's 1046 and 56. It's a WDQ. And by the way, speaking of I don't care. He's in jail maybe four months. Very glitter. All that slutters is not old. You're in glitter received a four month jail chair after plenty of building the downloading more than 4,000 photographic pictures of underrated children from the internet. Literals whose real name is Paul Francis Gad, was arrested in 1997 after technic little Barcelona and the beautiful found in decent images on a computer when glitter took out of like that version. But we have the other version in there. Oh, I know what it's like. This is the long for time. Literal 55 was sentenced Friday for each of 54 charges. And to me, I mean, you talk about stupid. He takes the computer in from repair and it's got all these images on it. He picked up a creepy button sort of being sexually abused and tortured. Oh, right. How do you like that? You know, you're getting a 155% Friday for each of the 54 charges, the senses. That are on concorally. His lawyer said he is truly sorry for offending the little appeal against the severity of the sentence, four month in jail. He's a little appeal. The other thing he should be in jail for that. I think he should be in jail for the song, but I think he ought to. Well, I mean, you talk about you talk about overused. See, I want to tell you something. Okay, cut the crap. I'm stopping right now. I'm sitting there in the arena the other night. And yeah, was it wasn't a very good game, Now it wasn't a very good game. I mean we won the game Buffalo was playing the third game in four nights didn't by the show enough Pavlov got the goal ice-cold Pavlov vorek finally showed up But I'm picking it up my and I talked to so many of the people before the game in between periods And you look at the attendance around not just the national hockey league, but around sports in general I predicted this five years ago. They're killing it They're killing it. They have out they have priced the small people out of sports They've priced you out And then they sit back and complain oh jeep we had two thousand of these seats. We had four thousand you know something It's a miracle anybody showing up You're a bunch of grave robbers and Wayne is crying. Oh, he's got a cell of team is crying They've priced people out It's unacceptable to put on a marginal show to begin with an air-replace you go. Let's stick to the NHL for example Air-vier we need you go through even the the air-candidate center in Toronto You look up out of scoreboard. They're playing and everything is packaged everything is free Whatever the hell they call that. You know I'm talking about It's all the same The same the clip with Howard Beale. I'm as we get it watching to get up and go to your window And of course they don't let them say hell because there's much a little kids in the crowd don't say hell They're only sparing each other and blood spreading all over the ice, but don't say hell All the same clips and the thing with Gene Hackman from that cornball movie and nobody comes into our House into all out of the crap and pushes us around I read every year. We're it's all the same pre-packaged crack And the same goddamn mother scratch and stick in music Everything and you watch football you watch the highlights there. Every time somebody scores a touchdown every time somebody scores a goal Every time somebody sticks their finger in air stretch a land God in music And this is supposed to convince you that you're having a great time. Oh, yeah like like magic said on a TV show Remember I'm having a good time the only problem was the audience to 50 people watching they weren't having a good time That's why I'd show it on anymore just like mine This is just this is the of setting me what's wrong with spectator sports to the America that not just the prices But the pre-packaged tight everything is just saying and you know something I changed my mind about the pants and patrol whatever They're called the surge just sticking up in the crowd. I think they ought to give everybody a good Dantisha that's right for the fighting their charges. They ought to give five so many to everybody all the I'll just they throw the old adult everybody if you get a bunch of freebie just for showing up for this class God, I think that I sit here in this chair and I chanced eyes people for not going Never again. I will never do that again If you don't go you probably can't afford it or maybe it's just who God didn't pouring and just to want to waste the money Especially for that over-price-tail food garbage Wayne you a goddamn thief there are people on death row for lesser crimes in the way you sports owners rate the public That's what you're doing so Gary glitters in jail Let's hear it and maybe next time it'll be for that goddamn song All the same same this Here's for my as hello Hey, what's up? Yes sir. How's it going? Great. Hey, listen I got a question for you and I have an idea for about this I have an idea about the suggestion of it. I mean that post question the day I don't about you, but I'm sure maybe you all wrap your edges and see as a child and most parents out there aren't you sick and tired of this Pokemon thing Am I sick and tired of it? It doesn't affect my life now George I love six to the row over the weekend. Yeah, what do you say George? I love six in a row You lost six in a row. Yeah, I literally tough kick my yeah, hello. Yes. Yeah, I'm sure you meet Hello, I'm sorry. I'm listening to you sir. No, I'm right here. I had a bad line. Okay. No, and that's what George W said too Yeah, that's what yeah, magagas that do anyway. Okay. No, the seriously I mean I'm I'm tempted to think that this is like an Inspiration for the from the Japanese government. Yeah, this trade deficit that we got right here. I don't know I was looking up south Park Yeah, you know, I mean just really I mean first in the Elmo You know, then it was I was before that was a new deterrent. Oh, yeah, you're fucking kidding me Yeah, those bastard too, you know, yeah, you know, you know, I just it just really sick And you know how much are they a drain us, you know, it's a billion dollar industry We've seen like 50 grand prize man. That's what it's all about the ideas to get your punky little kids see the non TV They want it you got to go out and get it and next year it'll be something else Pokey man. It'll be like boogey man next year be long gone Exactly and have a great day 560 pound five 60 on the 18 T line our our nation wide line man It's smoke in 877 775 meal 877 775 6345 Here's for a lot of deal. Hello, let's be father for I have sin. Yes. Yes They saw that movie talking about yesterday and and you're saying hell Mary's to repent Actually the most defense of thing in that movie without giving away part of the plot was that they have George Carl and playing your cardinal Yeah, and Which I thought was a it was Interesting touch. So I don't see Although we it's in the theater there were some two two old nation of at least got Mark McGuire Yeah, we're two old ladies and you already in some one who said well, this doesn't insult just couple of Those who miss insults all related all right now We're talking at the McCannon movie. I'm gonna go on and see it right now. Yeah, it's not a lot of good stuff in there So you earlier you would sit that That hangs in shool today. I did Thank you. You want to show in shool today, right? Yeah, I think that would be a good play a good remote might as well Yeah, I mean how not next the next year for high holidays. Okay, sounds good to me You might live then we can make a more con yum kipper. Okay. Have a good zygazone 560 50560 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line It's all the same baby. You know how did we ever go to sporting events years ago and there was no less music They may have had an organ and you know a world-true too But there wasn't all this hype and they didn't have Gary glitter going and they didn't have the scoreboard All the same pre-package crap on there and somehow it was great and you wanted to why it was great because the game was great It was quality there were great rivalries the athletes were superstars They weren't a bunch of overpaid primidonas who are pretend to get a hang nail around for two months No, it was it was exciting now They take something that's mediocre with all this expansion and they try to make you believe that it's exciting That's the problem. That's the biggest problem They're packaging crap and try to sell it to you was god-din gold. That's the problem And a lot of people are saying oh, thank you 560 50 50 pound 560 on the 18 T line 877 785 Neil 877 785 60 345 on the world famous line here's Hollywood. Hello Hello, yes, sir. I don't know if you saw that made for TV a merry mother of God. No, I did not Let's make okay Interrors right there are so many week-minded people Right Okay, they first of all is they we've heard to the birth of Christ as Jesus Christ first of all is as a man was born a bastard He has no father at least Jesse Jackson is honest about it And they didn't you say Jesse Jackson and bastard in the same say okay, go on I'm sorry and they had another rally yesterday by the way in the kid and we're gonna Oh, for Jesse Yeah, I'm sorry. Catholic church you know Made them God in 600 years after after the bastard's death. Yes, and the name Jesus Christ is is a Greek means Messiah Are you calling Jesus a bastard? Yes, yes, and yes, and Come up with a cop-out. They come out of the Catholic church came out with the miracle of the Trinity Yeah, he's his own father the miracle of Trinity broadcasting. That's the miracle and Jack well-clutch okay the Jan and Paul Crochon. No thing to my god You should see Sing baby Jesus By the Yeah, oh Angely okay, bye They you say bye They're by the by Jesus. Yeah, you just dwellers in your time and their life business and it's tax free and have a great thing calm down Calm down, okay It's only Monday and this guy has pissed off and fired up already about the goddamn freaking virgin Mary And calling Jesus a bastard. How do you like that? Ha calling the Lord a bastard? It's parents weren't married where they well, that's uh, that's the plan And then we had a whole discussion last week about where the nails and the palms are through the hands You would have loved that other Yeah, risk no, they were well see everybody including those of us who thought we knew what said through the wrist But the other guy somebody said there was two his Backdones, I don't know what that was all about And I said well that's why you see he's always depicted is kind of like a feather way You know that's why he has a limp wrist like that because you know when you have a nail to it It's kind of hold your heart or hold your right thing and your wrist too I have no idea what I'm talking about after some some he then bastard comes on my radio show and calls Jesus a bastard This is in my 60 You a yeah Jim Mandage toss Oh, I'm right here I'm sports radio five 60 You a You Now the 12 depends on you And the powers you pose Victory day You had a brand new style too. We love the way you fought your doom. With the victory on your chest and the fruit in my chest. And you don't do that. You weregue over that bush. It's something you can see! I'm just roasting out by people like that and there's so many of them. There's so many weaklings out there, emotional cripples. You die, guess what, Pally Boy, you're dead. So make the most of it while you're still alive because you only go around once. What was that? If you got the time, I got the beer, you're gonna make the miller, that's right. That's right. You only go around watching live. What does that got to do with you got the time? I don't know what hell it is. But that's the point of it. Okay, in fact, all your people are so religious that think it's so bad on earth and that they're so disgusted with life. Why don't we just kill those people, okay? Huh? Probably God's ready for them. Now it's their time. Why don't we just kill those people and send them to heaven and then they can have a good time and then they'll be more room and food and a good room on a highway for the rest of us. All us even bastards who aren't so happy and anxious to go into box. God dammit. So anyway, we just looked inside. Maybe with the fruit I've done it, you know, our audience. I guarantee you plenty of people got the little screwdriver out and check that our key change. Which it's kind of embarrassing by the way if you like having your pocket and you sit down. Yeah, but anyway, there are three L 1154 batteries inside. So these will last forever. I think I do as replaced the battery when you were at found because you're doing too much and believe me your kids will. You're watching everybody in his town should have one of these. In fact, your kids can get suspended from school real good. I'm sure from a huh. Oh, seriously, all your kids out there want to get the few days off from school. Just take these the needle key change into school. Yeah, and right in the middle of class or maybe like right in the middle of assembly and I'll want to make you send Lord's prayer whatever. Yeah, yeah, that's it or maybe just what are those. What's anything on there. But anyway, so there you go. Those are great. Everybody in town should have what you can get your key change by the way by calling center one nine five four five six three three thousand 3600 five six three 3600 or you can go to our great website. Neoron juice commuteric does a great job, but you we got to get some of these because I noticed I checked it yesterday with that new disgusting computer. Mind and he doesn't have pictures of this yet or that T shirt. You don't want to see the P shirt. Oh, I'm sorry. Like I said, what do you get bigger camera camera in for what I'll take the pictures of the teacher. No, I got a better idea. Why don't we just send him some of the key change. I mean, the teacher. Isn't that the least we can do for Eric that this is a great job. Huh, probably extra extra likes for him, right? We need by that for all those computer guys. Do we know what Eric looks like? No idea. Have no idea. And those might get to go knock in him. I mean, Jesus Christ. He's the one friend we got in the world for quite a while and you're knocking him off. He George is back here. We go, I, you know, something I take the blame for everything. Who was at the end of the day that was saying, why do you hate so and so and I said, I don't hate him George Hatesham. I forget who it was. Of course, it could have been anybody. Yeah, I forget who it was. I said, I don't hate you. George Hatesham. Don't buy don't lay it on me. He just a hard hit a little spick and hate everybody. But anyway, our website neo runges.com. You can order the stuff right off of the CDs and the cassettes and of course these great. I'm telling you. Fantastic. We got to get that thing going. Maybe for Senator one, we're right around 50 grand now. And we got a month and a half to go. We'd probably be around 75 or 80 grand right now for work for that really bad start in the course for that. So, I'll turn them in. Thanks a lot, screw in. By the way, thank you. Thanks to my good friend. And if you really departed, Sam, we'll keep an clean out of his desk. I understand. Well, George was on vacation. Oh, I know who it was. Robert did a great job last week. He's very technically apt. Yeah. And not only that, but laughed his ass off. I, I really all I did was say hello and he was like, red in the face from laughter. Well, what do you mean really? That's the first. I think in his life. He was hysterical. If I dropped one of those, he was like, I wish I had a picture. Well, you couldn't take in a picture at any point. He did a great job. Nice going, Robert. And Robert's cousin came by. That's, that's, that's, that's, that's, and by the way, Robert's cousin happens to be a fine-looking young guy. I just, I just don't tell you, okay? Obviously don't run in a family, but nevertheless, that's okay, Robert. We can't all look good as me. And by the way, Miguel was there. You're safe, Miguel. Don't say, I'm convinced. I'm convinced. Now the nephew's got him just terrified. He is scared to death. I mean, Miguel, you have nothing to worry about. You're a good looking kid, but you're not that good. Okay? Just to worry, plus he's hairy. I noticed. Yeah. Oh, yeah. He had his shirt open a little bit. He's hairy. You're safe sweetheart. Terrify. Here's Bokah. Hello. Bokah. Yeah. I got a couple of jokes for you, or Jewish. Yes? There's Chuck Eastquar. He's from Minneapolis. How much Chuck has to do with son of a bitch? Oh, that's right. He had Jewish. And I was Chuck Edelman. Yeah. He's best. Right. He was a Canadian, too. Oh, that only happened. I honestly don't really call half. I honestly think Chuck is just kind of a nickname. Yeah. I don't think that I don't think it's on anybody's place. But people are named Chuck. In fact, there aren't very many Charles's or Jewish anyway. I give you Charles Richards, Ryanish, and he goes under the name of Duke. Okay. There you go. He doesn't want to be on the deck. Okay. Thanks for the good news, pal. Bye. Sorry, guys. Five, six, seven, five, six. Five, six, the on the AT&T line. Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, Neil. Oh, here's a call from Springfield, Illinois. Hello. Yes, sir. I've talked you for a long time. Where you been? Here. Why? Hitchie. Why are you in Springfield? You live there? Yeah. Yeah. Work here. Okay. Anyway, I got all these old clips of yours. And one that I've been promising to send you for a long time is this one. Then major. Now on New York Radio's sixth and Wild. Stand major. Now on New York, how much better it's on you, I plan here. Okay. Thanks, pal. I got it. I got it right here. Stand major. Now on New York. He's playing it over the door for Springfield, Illinois, on our dime. You admit this. Well, then what the hell is your problem? Chain is in New York, fellas. But you admit to a show. I don't want to be in back. I just voted for the hood of your wants. I do do you want to do on Allen first. I think you want your arena. They want to help you one of the air. Silence. Is that all we have? You're the only one. You're the only one. What kind of content do you want during two to six? I do. Here the next stand major show. This is an issue on New York Radio's sixth stand. No, you, I don't mean. I'll tell you what I want to say and how about just my two grandbacks. Sounds good to me. 560, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T line at World Famous line where we just had that great call from Springfield, Illinois. 877, 785, Neil. I was very exciting that day. Whatever went there Thursday. Right in the middle of the show, spontaneously. I got a call from a lady in Massachusetts. And then we had a call from somewhere in Virginia. We had a call from Santa Clara, California. Somebody in Philadelphia and a couple calls from Chicago. It's said I'm so on. And I'm saying, yeah, build that build up baby. Build it up big time needs keep passes. Keep that line smoking. Here's Coral Gables. Hello. Anyhow you doing. Okay, sir. Okay. First of all, that movie with Jean Hacker was called Hoosier. I just wanted to let you know. I've been served with Honduras. They're all the same clips. Airmere Arena and the goddamn league. They show those same half of it as in clips. And there's no thing with all these presidential candidates. Get clicking fine, a loophole like FDR and just stay as president. No. He found a holder too, but not the kind you're looking for. Okay, now I'm going to chat to your level at 560 WQM. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. One, two, three, four, five. Come on over honey now. Come and take a drive to my big house. And chat with Claw. We can both get juice and maybe a little animal. Why is on business? She's out for a week. Come like a kid in the candy store. It's time to cheat. I have threats. No dogs, no therapy. So you remember, little Billy, you're laying in town. It's gonna be a while down the hall in New York. It goes to me, sir. I want cheating. I can't afford. I'm just like, I'm so good. Come and over honey now. Come on, my trumpet. A little bit of a bonfire in my glass. A little bit of a bonfire. Go without my glass. Now, little bit of a bonfire goes what I see. When she's got a way back to the river. A little bit of a bonfire goes what I need. A little bit of a bonfire goes memory. A little bit of a bonfire goes here at M. I am a little bit of you. Oh my, my feet man. 14 is 1980 for him, just this morning. It's just over the bubble there in Orlando, which will reign for at Nadia Dumpdown. The crap. How do you like that? See, there are no different on that line than the other lines. So what the hell? There's a make. So yesterday, I made a bad, bad mistake. OK. I went over to see my good friends at Best Buy, which they love me nearby the way. A lot of very fine-looking young guys working at Best Buy. That's why I shot there. Even though they turned me a lot more than Brands Mart. nevertheless. So I go over there and I got myself a new computer, a compact MV 720. Top of the line. What is it? 700 millahhertz with that P-way? Yeah, that's, I mean, just as fast 56k, 700, and just the best. Very, very expensive. And of course, they give you a $400 rebate if you want to join up at PrimeG, which I did bad mistake. I hate PrimeG. Almost as much as I hate AOL. So my friend Dave spends all day from one o'clock yesterday, we got this thing home until about 9 o'clock last night, 7 and a half hours, parking with this thing, screwing around with it, trying, I mean, why did it make it so goddamn difficult to set up a new computer and then you still can't get what you want? It's still a piece of crap because you got AOL. I'm going to tell you something, AOL, those people they really shouldn't, that a screw in a row with Microsoft, they shouldn't go and after AOL. Those people make me want a bar. They have just got, and remember all the times I talked about, what you call it? Nine spring. Well, recently I say what you call it? They're not on any more. We got somebody new coming this week, but nevertheless, what am I high in man when you don't when you go back to AOL and you got busy signal after busy signal, then it has to start down another goddamn number. And then it comes up with all the pop-up ads by the time you get on the guy damn thing, you forgot what tell you were looking for in the first place. Yeah, by the time you get on there, it's limp, crased. So I was just asking George if we have DSL, phone line capability here in South Florida because that's the only way you're going to really get the super fast to be able to download either. It's too goddamn slow, even the top of the line, the most expensive computers, it's still too goddamn slow. The sit there and you wait and you wait and you watch that little line, the little blue line and stick in it, it's moving 21% 22 dollars. Come on already, okay? I want to got 15, 20 hours to pop ski around what is thing today. Slow. Here's a good review by the way of dogma. I don't know what see people send me these, it looks like time or newsweek doesn't it from the yeah, it looks like that. Can God take a joke, if he or she can there be a lot to laugh at Kevin Smith's Randy, but definitely to about dogma with Chris Rock and with L.A. N.S. Moore said who plays God, by the way, God is a woman. And the 13th of Possible Chris Rock was a Schwarzer. So what's wrong with that? So there's a good review a bit if you can't let shot there, well see I think most of the Catholics are not uptight about it. Just a few of the people from the institutions, you know who belong in one, hurry up tight because it's bad for business they think. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning. How are you today? All right. Here you know, you have been listening to you for some time and I really you really inspired me. The third about your show, you tell me the way they should be told. I called it. Big picture and you've mentioned something this morning about these are why nobody going not going to these games these professional games. Yes sir. Exactly. Neil, I'm on every day, Joe. I make over 265 or 7,000 dollars a year. But Neil, you can not afford it and these in the past, you know, these owners won't detect sales to build them stadium and detect sales call. It's been a time you write out of it. Right. I'm looking at the mixie. Excuse me, he's game right. Actually, big celebrities said that that 10,000, 3, 4,000 dollars a seat, you know, for games. It's pathetic. You can't afford it and you know, I give you credit for one thing. You tell them the way they are not paying people pictures as they well. I say about this team. Look what he did. He tripped the team. I mean, if they don't make it money back the next day, that's, I mean, I'm not going to say, you're nice. I'm going to say, if they're losing money, just like any other business, let him close down or let him pick up and go to the hotel. Why are you going to come and get the operate when you're losing money? That's right. That doesn't make a lot of steps. Amen. But anyway, Neil, I enjoy your show. I like the way you bring things to the forefront. You tell a lot of the people that run it all the year, they're not you tell the truth. Thank you. I respect you for that. I don't want to show. Okay. I'll get the free for us. Okay. Thank you. Good morning. Yeah. This business just like they go that big door ring in Washington, thousands and thousands of thousands of empty seats. Building where we need an LA thousands and thousands of empty seats. Then coming to find out by the way, the scandal with the LA times. That the LA times the company that owns it isn't to hoots with the people that built a new arena out there and they had a big advertising section that they made $2 million on by the way the LA times. And I'll be employees there and they're all up in arms because they have no journalistic credibility because all they care about is money. But nevertheless, the point being they build all the so I guess I guess all the new arenas are already obsolete. Well, and so the macroean army looks pretty good, but that's absolutely even we can't fill up people once this year. But we'll have to tear it down and build more sky boxes and club seats for millionaires because the regular ordinary pedestrian people they can't afford to go there anymore. This may sound revolutionary especially on his sports induced station here, the sports obsessive to a sickness station. But you know something, if they all want to pick up and go someplace else, bye bye, see ya! White goes on! That's the way I feel about it. Including the hockey team, the basketball team, the football team, the goddamn all of them. The guants in their sport hut and certainly John Henry. See ya! The idea that the fleeting of the average people out there and I'm not average. I make a lot of money. You know something, let me say it for the eight million times. If I had a paper to talk, he took it, is there any chance? I'd be paying for a season to get some out of these prices? Oh, and that's another thing. No matter how crappy the season is, no matter how gigantic and glorious, the public is just billin' it or reener for the owners like Wayne, the prices keep going up, every single goddamn year. And don't tell me because the salaries keep going up over here, because the public's not the ones paying these crazy salaries. Here's this kid, let me say it again, Sean Green, nice Jewish boy, they're played with the blue jays. $14 million a year from the Dodgers were already given out 15 million to Kevin Brown and are going to finish probably last again. We hope we pray. Crazy people. How about a salary cap for everybody? There is no athlete worth more than, and I'll be honest with you. I would put the figure a lot lower, but realistically speaking, five million years should be able to satisfy anybody. Five million. Could we, yeah, could we get five million here? Yeah, we could scrape by most of us. Somehow, even with those of you with large families, okay, you could probably scrape by, Georgia's he could do it for four million. He might be able to squeak by. And I'll just work one year than go away. There you go. That's right. Sounds good to me. So stop giving a public a song to dance. You're sticking it right up the public's spectrum is what you're doing, okay? And then a belly ache about well, gee, you know, we got a couple thousand and three seats. Every one of these glimpsing new joints, you look at him on TV and there are thousands and thousands of people there disguised as empty seats. That's right. Because you can only squeak so much blood out of a turnip. Air beer. How about putting the prices down a little bit so that your average shwucking go out there and take his kids and go and have a good time instead of a 1575 bucks per person to go see a guy named hockey game or baseball game. Cut the crap. That's what they should be telling instead of John Henry given lectures to the public. They should be telling him. Cut the crap. Here's Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Super Fort Latterdale. Super spotter here. Fort Latterdale. How about Chuck Norris? Chuck Norris. Was Jewish? I'm asking. No. Okay. Don't get up. Go get your Chuck Norris. Got your Chuck. From P. Knuck. Who's that? Maybe Chuck Prob. So Chuck, Chuck Schwal. I don't think so. Sounds like you're in the main. I've got a question for you. Yes. Are you ever up-trying on interview a contract like when you first came back and was doing the diet or the first of the diet of things? Is that you? Is that me? What? The thing. Yeah, I'm the one at things on those. Yeah. Okay. Okay. He just want to know. Don't get him. Not Mercedes. That's me. That's right. We're back and please talk. A rock these come in. How for you? You're going to crash into a low. No, no, it's guy for you. Oh, oh. Princess, hi. Princess, hi. Princess, hi. She's really going into a tunnel. Hello, oh. Yeah. Really six of my pilot guys for that. I'm a professor. It's a very poor taste. I thought do I want to apologize? No, not really. Bitch. Who cares about Princess die? Okay. She was just living up to her name as in Die, Diana. That's right. Hey, Princess, comma die. Okay. Sounds good to me. You think she's in heaven now? Maybe she's up there in the sky. It's a bird. It's a plane. It's Diana. She's in the pricey part of her. Do you think she's got a cape on? That's what Superman had. I'm not going to do any bad. And I'm tired of seeing him. I don't want to sound insensitive. But I'm tired of seeing Christopher Reeve. Okay. I was tired of seeing him before he had the wreck. I was tired of seeing him before. I don't like him. I can't can't deal with him. With that little pinched nose of his and he was always playing some fag. What was that movie he was in? With uh huh. You know the one where he played the uh the guy we was living with the British guy with a hand. What the hell is the British or actor? That's always in the line. Michael King. You know the movie I'm talking about? Were they killed his wife? They scared her to death. They gave her a heart attack. I must have missed that somehow. Do you remember the movie where he played the fag priest? I mean the priest. He played another fag with he'd in priest? What movie was that? One saying you're one of the... You're Chris Reeve was a fag in that movie. He was a fag in a hell of a lot of movies. I'll tell you that right now. Only was having sex with a woman in that movie. Oh, I'm not sure. I said I was having sex with Michael King in this movie. So what is that making? Death trap. Death trap. Thank you very much. Death trap. Really crapping movie too by the way. What about 75 different fake endings? You know what's like it's like in uh you know all the different movies where the hand keeps coming back like in uh the Michael uh what's his name movie? I can't think of anything today. God my mind is just a blank. Michael what's his name Douglas? Michael Douglas movie. We're in the great movie where she's like in a bat tub. The crazy bits. Oh oh oh yeah. Fatal is fatally attraction. Which is a movie by the way. I love that one. And uh oh there she is again. What a cut it back for one more raya. Yeah one more shot and also the Julia Roberts movie um uh the other thing with the enemy and the end Remember see yeah say never end the same thing and the hit your with riker Howard right just when you think they're dead surprise Yeah 20 shit man well maybe they're up there maybe he's up there right now riker Howard eating finger food and heaven 26 after 11 at 5 60 WQA Kim Polkafer taught sports weekend right here. I'm sports radio 5 60 QA 72 a pic of he if that was a plan you have new ways mama would be good fat can you the hungry is girl that I ever did see with the never make men's eye 238 chicken hammered my dessert dog Donna and 12 is Paul with blue wanted on it in my personal folder to couldn't sleep baby something about the pie with a girl you crazy I never will forget when you tried the ram with dribble on your chin you said not that when you finish what was left a chicken grown you could fast see the winter world of the seven normal I was deep in love deep in love I mean when you was more in love with the friends and being my advice to you that a bloody head to fit in a pair of jeans from that a crombie and fish all that summer day you understand the rich Chinese foodable love trick I was a day I'm not gonna take that day in a summer in the summer I can't believe she found what the rack of ribs full of chair including the fifth she and will forget on that picnic that day in the summer in the summer well nothing I know for sure they really suck it's 11.30 watt is five 60 WQA here's a mobile in Orlando hello yes sir hey the point I'll give it a great look at I agree with you I know you try to see in the crap that package in south Florida but I can tell you in Orlando it's just as deep with the the Bose family from my Mway dumping all the players last year and then packaging this team the CBA team and labeling and hot and awesome trying to sell that to the public and just on that Friday night the big Friday night game of the beginning of the season they were over 3000 FTC to all right great good to hear after you rain or I think I think these owners are gonna get what they deserve I think the people are they're they're protesting they've had it they can't get anymore punishment you get the device in the crying that they when they had the the shock and penny that they will lose the money and then they had the incident with them of hiring a 63 year old coach and shot daily and paying them five million dollars the Bose family don't even make it good radio anymore but um love you sure listen to it and uh you're right on with your uh you take on their own okay have a great day thanks man yeah see this business of chan's sizing people I apologize profusely even I'll probably do it again someday keep washing back and forth because I don't like going into what empty joint but nevertheless I certainly do understand people's reticence to deep deep down in their pockets and come up with a goddamn right money and headed over to some billionaire to see a very marginal marginal whatever it is that they put not a and I'm gonna tell you also you know something thank god that Pavellebury played on Saturday and it's a pantser game because uh it when he's playing it's worth the price of admission if you can afford it when he's not playing sorry sorry with all do apologize you to my close best friend Ray Whitney to a couple other guys that I team when he's not playing El Paso 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line the world famous line 8 7 7 7 8 5 Neil 8 7 7 7 7 8 5 63 45 here's Hollywood hello hey Neil yes sir I have an answer for that uh Jews named Chuck yes Chuck bears Chuck bears was Jewish I believe so oh Chuck and bearers cock show bears oh I know who that is yeah is he still alive by the way uh I couldn't care to have yeah but we better set up the investigators on it all right everyone I've got thank you Chuck bearers okay what about that bull like JP Morgan huh what a bad bad now Chuck bearers was he like more than five foot tall oh who's about four three five six seven oh five six did we get any calls on the DSL thing by the way yeah no not one call on that see I get in this computer thing I need help I need help oh and rip porn was on a show two another one was spang famous bag from police shows trailing dead Charles Nelson Riley rip torn JP Morgan Bull like Richard Dawson yet dead yet or just might as well I was there is that yeah you don't want to get in show channel I don't want to get Boka Brian going again but in the game show channel you know they show the old old family feud when he wasn't 100 years old and when he still had his teeth in his mouth it wasn't 100 you know you know he was he did an irritating he had a kiss everybody even the guys you know kissy too much kissy kissy but that was a good show I like that show and then what's his name come into suicide the little guy what was his name array um little combs his hair back straight you know coming at all because he did he committed suicide I liked Ray combs he was good he did a good job on a show he didn't have a big fat ego like Richard Dawson and then of course the for a while they brought back Richard Dawson because they were desperate because Ray combs committed suicide and here have Richard Dawson now is 142 years old he's all puffed up like a bull frog it looks like somebody stuck a bicycle pump at his back though and he can't speak but out of the net he was great as we did that plan yeah he couldn't speak all just puffed up like a dead man why did they do that it's like the day they wheelkate Smith and that wheelchair out there she looked like she looked like a pile of mong in a chair and a wheelchair hi hi it's kind of like when you go hook up a well at the unit goodbye goodbye like that time medicine thing deficit or nail and his wife would yell quantum yelling it was there say goodbye goodbye bye bye goodbye that's that the a well I hate a well you people at a well should only croak I hate a l they suck you could you're downloading something it's going to take 45 minutes to download this program okay she walk out of the room you go have a snack you watch the ball game for five minutes you come back and just as you come back now it's 22 minutes and goodbye and all of a sudden just disconnect by itself in the middle and you say to yourself yeah what how do I do now here's a why making that little girl wait so long is she that little is oh that's true here's a mobile in Hollywood hello yes sir a good morning sir when is to you uh so unfortunately I have a well oh I'm so sorry I hate it yeah oh yeah I hate all of the anti Christ of your computer sir what do you think it's the best one because I'd like to get something no I got a new one coming on this week but I don't know what the name but as you have maybe your a certain will tell me one of these days very soon oh so my head up to this point was mine spring was great compared to a well oh really no busy signals no a ads no a wait no dill in a while no getting cut off 55 times in the middle of your session I was okay hate a well maybe I'll try them for a while because I got this video over the mail it's a 250 minutes for free right and maybe I'll give it a try I'm gonna tell you what a schmuck I am okay I had a call yesterday to set up a new a well count because I had prodigy with a machine that is very complicated and prodigy won't even click on and it's got them computer I bought it's all screwed up so I decided as my um the fault uh thing browser I'm gonna use uh I'm gonna use a well right by default at least for the time thing so I call them up I've come to find out I got four other accounts because you know you know what happened these these outfits they keep sending to those free disk in the mail a hundred hours a hundred minutes and you stick them in there and then of course they make you put in your credit card and every time you do that you're setting up another account yeah that's right so the one thing is I can't so four accounts yesterday with the AOL one that went all the way back to 1982 no one or AOL stocks up to 148 you thank me for that what a schmuck I am by the way Neil thank you very much for signing my CD thank you very much for buying your CD I was one of the early ones there I was a they got to pick the picture with you right well a whole bunch of people came and took pictures which I have no problem with I'm not the one that tells you back to your boys kick ass right remember yeah by the way I was so nervous I forgot to shake your hand that's okay I had plenty of shaking I'm Saturday my hand too so I'm pretending to shake your hand right now okay listen I'm going to go on my hand I'm going on my hand I'm going on my Beyonce here enjoy your show very much we have a shameless request yes sir tiny houters okay all right thank you you haven't heard that in a long time yeah I gotta see if it's in the thing by God Jesus it is okay I have a great thing I'll see well hey listen I cannot tell a lie you know oh I don't think it's in there 22 before noon is 560 WQAM what are we going to do about this America online you people you make me sick you're disgusting you're nauseating you smell bad oh I hate them please Gary Sarnar give me that information today give me a new ISP or whatever it'll call it it's not what they call it it's gonna start to use all the lingo now I'm getting dangerous when you buy your 10th computer then you start using the lingo and all of us adults 95% of us who are computer I'm not illiterate I'm okay once somebody sets it up I'm not real good with the tools if you you've pardoned expression I'm not real good with those tools but once somebody sets it up I can do anything you want but other than that I don't want to have to go through all that BS can't you like pay somebody to come and sell on your vinyl computer don't they have a service like they're saying must they must what was that friend that we used to have on the packs of what was his name David don't you remember oh yeah he did the show what was the name of his joint he was one of our sponsors it's a net rocks no but you well that's what it was before you know I'm talking right he had a show that's right a computer show on the old packs and I would be and I remember the day that he brought that young man to my house I remember that where's that that's right and he brought one of the kids that worked for his outfit there under rage but nevertheless there really no seriously I've been these out of the rage anymore now oh it's about three years ago bring them back sweetheart one of the markets David Marcus said there is what a memory David Marcus another nice Jewish boy and I just go and David yeah bring that guy back again bring them back alive and I don't care even if they're ugly I don't care just somebody who could set that thing up and get everything smoking along and then I'm on my own I do fine but god why do they make it such a big song in the dance and that's why all your kids are out there they're watching all the pornography they're running doing all that other crap because they know all the engine the outso to speak of the computers all of us old parts that grew up with books and crayons and pencils and stuff like that we don't know crap and the kids are like yeah what they're doing they're laughing at us twenty till noon at five sixty w q a m i Did you keep all yeah know I need you, darling. I need honey, honey. More than I. Oh, if so. Enough for a handful. No, for a whole handful. It will do just fine. You will do just fine. The tiny honey who do. I love you so. Oh, I love you so. You. You don't do feet. Stand off to work. I. I. I go. Just in case he's listening. I'm sure he is that we probably never would have played that again ever in history. And then when I played that again, no, even though it's in there, when I've ever played it again, if he wouldn't have called and said the place pretty pretty place, plus he was a good guy and it came by and bought some stuff. It's 1146 and 560 W to Q. Oh, I am 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line and at out of town line, it's sitting there. That is a door nail. 877-785, Neil. 877-785, 16345. Well, here's the little girl that's been on there for about five hours because your children don't like the little girls except his own. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I am. Who are you calling? My name is Jenny. Hi, Jenny. My dad isn't to you all the time. Right. Here makes my family listen to you. He forces you at gunpoint. Yeah. Right. He's on my radius. The club, okay? He's on my radius. Radius? Yeah. Oh my god. That radius is your daddy. Yeah. I won't tell you all the stories I heard about him. Okay, sweet. Anyways, I'm calling for a decent Jacksonville and I wanted to tell him something over the radio. Uh-huh. It's an effect joke, so don't think I'm crazy. Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Okay. I'm going to call because I want to ask you a question. Yes, Jenny. What's your name again? Jenny. Yes, I said Jenny. Yeah. Why are you so mean to black people? Why are you so mean to black people? Why am I so mean to black people? Like what black people? You know, I mean that I've been mean to. I've never been mean to a black person in my life. Well, it's right here. I have a black maid. I treat her very well. I'm very nice to my black, uh, blackies. My black friends. Okay. I just call for that. Well, don't you know any black people? Yeah. And are they all nice? Yeah. They're just people. They're like people are people. That's right. Okay. How's there a big black guy standing outside the door right now? Will they're looking inside? No. Okay. Well, if there is, you call Danny right away. Okay. Okay. See you, Jenny. You're so mean to black by tytonis. He's sorry. See, let me say it again. I realized that you image your Americans. You don't know how to do business. A lot of you people just put the 50% with 2D for everybody. Then you don't have to pay. You know, instead of just, in fact, why not just stamp a thing on every check that says, since we know you're a bunch of cheap bastards, 15% has been added so that our weight staff doesn't have to get stiff every time. If you want to leave more fine and if you want to refund because you got crappy service, that's okay too. Tytonis, he's, he's, he's starting. And did you see the, you wouldn't see that you weren't here. They had all those demonstrators out there outside of tytonis on the beach. First of all, are there really that many black people on the beach? Oh, I think there were shipping them in. Yeah. I think Jesse Jackson will be down here another week or two. As soon as he gets up there and the caterer will it all. Jesse will be down here to take care of that. And then what that was in any of the tyrists run in Pembroke Pines that shit the lot of water, something like that. Yeah, that's the name of that. No, that's an ava. That, I don't know why you're so agh, that it's called, built CHITLRA, Chitlata, and it's in a food here is very, very kiddy. It's what they said. No, I said it was very good. And they had a black lady and they're very light-complexed by the way, which I'm surprised about that. And she ordered chicken. That's the name of the restaurant, George. Your just is running the faces rubber was last week. That's the name of the restaurant, Chitlata Roda. Well, I can't help it. I didn't pick the name. Jesus Christ. 560, 0560, pound 560, honey. You didn't hear that story? Yeah, this is just coincidentally right on the heels of tytony. We get another one. They should learn a lot of rata plays in the Pembroke Pines. And some very light-complexed black woman went in there with a six-year-old kid. And they did the same thing with her. And stuck up 15% on her because they said she was in there once before. And didn't leave any kind of a tip. And she said I was never in here before. She's pissed off. And probably getting a lawyer. 560, 0560, pound 560, honey. 18tony line. Our America's line is sitting there. Look at that. Wait, didn't hear that. It's not. I guess what all lines are working today. There you go. So far. So far. So good. Yeah. You should have seen last Monday and Tuesday. I had holling. I had puking. We had a tremendous comedy show out of it. It was unbelievable. 877, 785, Neil. 877, 785, 6345. We pay it. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Yeah. Good morning. Yes sir. Some things. So first of all about the salary on the hockey players. There was an article on the Sun Sentinel on Saturday. The owners are an uproar. There are a lot of the teams are going broke. Who's the best? Two bad. Two bad. Vancouver is like ready to play a bank. They've got to have revenue sharing. They've got to have salary caps. And the fact that they don't have that shows how weak the owners have been. And they look guys like in New York like the Rangers with their 60 million dollar pay roll. They let just a handful of teams with all the big bucks. Spending and spending and driving the salaries up there. It's their own fault. Exactly. But what they did say was that the CBA, the collector bargaining agreement for the have with the players, expires and 2000. And there will be a year off. That's right. They're going to lose a year. They'll go out on strike and they'll have a bigger, better thing. But they're going to have to get it resolved then. Or it's going to be all over. Yeah. The owners are preparing a lockout. For sure. Yeah. Of course. How old can they continue? And then about. But again, how do you feel sorry for the owners when they're the ones that have been given a guy damn money in the first place? Exactly. Well, there's really no victims here at all. They'll get to. So there are victims. The public are the ones that are the victims. The public are the victims. The people who are given their tangible support and have been enthusiastic and supported these teams for years. They're the ones who are the victims. This is infected almost all of professional support. Right. That's right. Now the other thing is about your computer. Your cable company can help you up with their own DSL line and you're on all the time. Really? Yeah. There's never a busy signal. At least in quarrel springs with if the landscape will I'm on with the computer and you're just on all the time. So you cable from the DSL, I mean DSL from the cable company. Absolutely. And there's never a busy signal because you're always on. So I don't understand how that works though. So in other words, your computer is hooked up to the cable as opposed to the phone line. No, the cable company brings in a bring-in line over the phone line. Yeah, over the cable line. Over the phone line, rather. Whatever. Yeah, over a subline. Yeah. But it works. Okay. Okay. Thanks. So what do you say, George? The, I hear a bit of no. And see, it's complicated. It's complex. Why don't they tell us these things? Why doesn't somebody tell us? For Christ's. You're supposed to be a genius. It's supposed to work. There's some 10 year old kid. That's a computer. There's one. I'm gonna tell you. Oh, yeah. Here's what you got to do. We're a bunch of old farts. We don't know anything about this crap. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. Great. I tried NASCAR this weekend. No boy. Oh, boy is right. Thank God. A lot of good old boys down there. That's what Joe Costello said. He said a good time was had. Scary, pregnant women with no teeth. Right. It's a sight to behold. Hmm. But after 60 laps, but then going around in the circle with no crashes. It was like times ago. Yeah. I mean, it was just, it was terminal. I mean, that was, that's all. I couldn't even have the, didn't even have the common decency for one little crash. Yeah. That's pretty boring. It's terrible. About AOL. If everybody calls him up and says, you're going to cancel. They'll keep giving you free months. Because they don't want to lose you because they need to have. Like 50. I don't know your boss writing them. I would just like service that's acceptable. They don't know how to give that. I'm sorry. You're right. There's companies that give free internet service. But if it's over the phone line, it will always be interrupted. Yeah. The last call that was said with the DSL whatever. I don't know nothing. It's digital. You get it right through Bells out. It's built on your phone bill. So, but it's not Bells out provides that. Yeah. A separate cable. It's not on the phone. Right. So, you could actually use the same line while you're on. I don't know how they do it. But it's a get separate cable. That's what it is. And it's digital. You download in a second. You can get all the pornograph, put a picture in the second. Yeah. So, it's really good. It's a little bit more. But you don't have to install second lines. It's just like, well, I don't want to rob you. No interruptions. No interruptions. It's really good. Excellent. I'm going to be on a immediately. One last thing. In Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. Carl's. and it said don't play must i don't play new guys okay i blame the company for being about your hard asses and in that that will play the little guy except the one to the school with our phone service then i then i do blame here's north by any hello in the oh yes sir i got your school on the dsol with bell foul okay it's so uh-huh uh-huh here's what happened after waiting ten days for installation they came out on Friday to fifth and installed yeah on the following one today i have no service well i'm calling when the day through day Friday finally on Saturday day it's determined that they pulled the wire that the central office off and i don't have service the one put an order into the determinator service and i was just fll yeah and i've been after spending hours and hours it six hours alone Saturday evening try to make a nice suck it and let me tell you something they said okay give it about 48 hours like it back in you should be back in service this morning seven thirty being is right back on again surfing like crazy would it run is like icing on the cake yeah but at nine thirty just as the stock market's opening it's trash another order placed it's term terminated service it's one taken till least six seven o'clock tonight to get it back on great but let me tell you something if you've got the opportunity i think out there in the plantation you have a roadrunner service don't you would be a little world runner yeah what's with the UK okay i'm on the way to work this morning yeah you know well what you can see if you can get that is twenty dollars cheaper a month offering free installation currently and but unfortunately just like the phone company the cable company really has no record of reliability so under the you got to get that through the cable company you got to get the cable company you got to get the cable company you're trying to call a cable company it's the same thing i think i think hours on it waiting for the phone company everybody should be each other and unfortunately now this is one of the problems there's no backing up from the public service commission for this high speed access so if you've got a problem with them you have to hammer it out great so i'm i'll bring the hammer out he'll straighten it up okay thanks i think i'm going to take my new computer my beautiful new compact what's the number mv 720 very expensive very atop and i'm going to put it in the pools after you know how you maybe somebody down there can straighten it up three minutes till noon at five sixty q a m this is five sixty q a m wake up with the first key no road yet the forest is the go team we've been pouring to fix only on fourth radio time sixty q a m okay my good you love build Bradley don't we need build Bradley yeah the father's six feet tall play from back it for me don't you love build Bradley yeah we need him Bradley he's going to win the race people of him cos he is the now good boy did i mention that he is a now good boy he played for the name he doesn't borrow us they yeah we love him cos he is a now good boy not our goal not our goal yeah he's not our goal i'll play it one time more we love build our life because he's a pouring out of the goal over well i'm gonna build Bradley not your love build Bradley hold on at five sixty w two and we got the Humphor Outer Tula's just afternoon handbook that more five to six six eighty forty five we got oh shabby a monster in the sports broadcasting business and then we got money that football the jet at the Patriots how about those dolphins yeah not one calling that today course we don't do a sports show we certainly we certainly don't have a shot on this show for the day get their asses kicked the handed to monoplate yeah and Jimmy he's making more excuses while i was all at controversy in the media to quarterback air right you made your own bed and now you're waddling your from let around and okay do fall fatso god is he an asshole man see the people on the station even little dog and hang kinder stand there and they predicament because they both do a Jimmy Johnson shows so they have to suck up to him a lot right guarantee if you get some of these people aside and be very objective they'd probably say he's an asshole and Jimmy he really is he's a hard ass nice going there and by the way what I tell you about little dog slewly man what did I tell you here's a mobile and timer ac Hello Amy I'll how you doing pretty good sir um on you when you're cable stuff for your DSL yeah you can the morning show advertised the company called flash com they have DSL and you don't have to deal with the phone company it's they use the same phone line you already got in your house and it's like thirty nine or forty five dollars a month and it's you'll always connect to twenty four hours a day so you're turning the computer you're connected really and you can be on the phone and on the internet at the same time you don't have to have a second line but you don't you can get the phone and on the internet at the same time right with the one line because it works like a higher frequency but it's not available everywhere because it's all on how far away from you are like I'm out where you are and I couldn't get it so I went through the cable company and a cable company charged you to thirty nine dollars it's just a fast yeah and you can be at the same thing he goes through your existing cable line in the house and the only thing is it's the more people that are watching that are on like a five o'clock it slows down a little bit but it's still like you can get that's who with any service yeah you can get it yesterday there must have been seventy billion people on a.o.a.a yesterday I mean I mean you can tell you know how many people are on it by how fast your computer is working and when it flows down you know it's it tells you we're going to twenty eight eighty know you got a fifty-six hundred computer because of this is alien people on there but it's like the cable motor is fifty times faster than the phone line so so other than I just call my cable company you have media one out by you right yeah just call media one and tell me you want to you know you want to get their cable service they come out they set it up they charge they charge a thirty nine dollars a month but I will get to work it for me you don't have to have a second phone line or anything you may I want to do DSL service you mean it's not called the if that was a call it's called their roadrunner service a road or like the guy said the roadrunner right the other thing is the yellow one to thank you for introducing me to the actin style I started like three weeks ago I've lost them with fourteen pounds great I love it I've been I've been on it since about ten o'clock this morning keep it up yeah the first couple days were hard but that you know the bread doesn't bother me or anything anymore keep it up they go out by thanks yeah I've been on the actin since about the quarter ten but we had that clamshow to this morning it was very good and also the wildest from cocktail was okay any actin's right oh it's okay I just can't do it it is a great diet I recommended highly but I can't do it I just can't do what I think that if I could lose about fifteen pounds and just stay there that I would be fine do you know what I'm saying just fifteen pounds and then just stay there forever because I'm just not a skinny kind of a guy anymore I just like food I just like my food you can psychoanalyzing if I were to ask this audience do you like not eating or eating better you know well no seriously no no that reminds me when I was a KAT the first month that I was here I was so amazed at how sour the people were down here especially those old parts on the beach all those old you know I kind of beat we used to talk to one KAT and I said you people are so negative I said I better fight to go pull what do you like better death or life we'd have somebody called and say death sure enough some old friend yeah death and I said from your from your mouth to somebody's here yeah I like if I have to choose between not eating or eating if I have to choose between good food and yeah nothing I'll take a good food thank you here's a mobile and del Rey Beach hello yes sir yeah I just like you to define a term and explain why you say a little earlier this morning I'll hang up a mature answer the term is pericoon for hurricanes why why I used to tail hang up and listen I'm just called the hurricanes for how many years since Jimmy Johnson was there's a matter of fact I think he invented the term recall him up and ask him what it's all about back in a few estable okay when I dressed up in those fatigue Jimmy Johnson invented the concept of her raccoon you got a chair you got it oh I didn't think so but he hung up at his listening 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's a call from Naples hello Neil God yes sir hey al al and add filled monopoly yeah it's a nightmare there are a bunch of fascists over there there's an anti-christ today well I hate them like poison you should it's bad um did you I hear you say earlier that we picked up a break shepherd yes we did 30 race shepherd yeah ancient guy yeah he's a little bit they can stick it in there welcome i'll but he's not and they're saying now to me that they're gonna put him online with burry why do we want somebody old and slow on a line with burry why couldn't we get we already got you know we got the guy that should be the center online right with the why not get somebody else out there who's got some speed if they don't want to put putting it center why didn't they get Stevie Sullivan from release for crying i love would have been a great center on that line no he's too small yeah i don't know like said that would be so it'd be a good in an addition which you do understand the race shepherd who wasn't playing for anybody at this point they're picking him up for a song you know he's probably playing a pan out to come play for the panther yeah he's a good score he could go guys a big fan of mine too by the way and i'm going right but you're old you're old and slow but yeah you won't find him in the corner that's for sure right um rhythm calm is i'm trying to get through the center one Carol um five six three thirty six hundred right i want my keychain look trying to make me change you know what's happening the voicemail box is full yeah but this goes to girl i don't want to start picking on Carol look Carol doesn't return anybody's calls i had i had some guys that came out from young guys in Saturday who went order their keychain's weeks ago and i gave them actually a couple or one or whatever i gave them because uh she's not getting back to them Carol answers somebody's calls you're getting like red greens sweetheart yeah oh that wasn't there on Saturday and sent some Howard fan out there to sit there for center one yeah some pregnant bit she's a big Howard fan oh yeah Howard's got two TV shows what happened to your TV show i said we ran out of lesbians well i'll be okay all in uh Neil got um tytami's please okay all right see you thank tytami's right on the heels of the hurricanes call we don't want to do that do we do we want to do that uh five six seven oh five six they pound five yes you this thing what that number you know how's commos how's doing by the way five six seven oh five six six no seriously i i i it this is a great charity they do a lot of great work they help people i mean people are really need their help but we've got to get the Carol a little bit more on the ball here or she's gonna want to be in another Sam you know if she don't get the hell with it get what that Carol got a damn it start return those people's phone calls we got all kinds of them and seven everybody their brother wants to keep chains and if they got any brains they want like a whole hundred of them if they're smart because they're great that's what they are i would say that there's right that's what they are and once your kids get a hold of these your life will never be the same again i'll turn it right now eight minutes past no at five sixty q a m this is five sixty q a m sports radio five sixty q a m i'm not a tapioca how i'm tummy from pythomy saying for the best high food and the best service as long as you're not black common out who type to me or southeast we know like black people get on tip well besides white black people are too eat high food anyway we don't have fried chicken on the menu oh wait i forget we have a spare ribs new chain i call cut us that with our menu they type of don't so if you're not black common out who type to me come to think of it so damn gay people we're not like damn either sure they tip food but they talk too loud with funny this is not all the customers no comeback so no gay no black and while we're adding lighter people you make reservation for 17 don't show up at eight twenty and it's for you table we give to somebody else already not the people always late no black no gay no Latin and ty coming and Jewish people you stop figuring all of the who can't who have what pay where i'm go set up our side take 45 minutes to try to divide up bill we ain't all want you here no to no black no fact no cubine and white people you think about that everybody else complain too much if we don't teach or are you or not come back no white no black no to not let in of no gay everybody else but the best high food come on down to try to me on the beach hurry before we have to close no so anyway a fact here says obviously there's a lot of these people are being tossed in the rattle houses that are demonstrating outside the protest to invite whites hispanics ains and braward blacks rower blacks are rower blacks eating a tytonic oh they just said decided they'd come on down it thought rod rotti was hanging out come on down okay to rattle rattle rattle a little bit forced to restaurant to close for tonight people must learn you cannot discriminate and profit any longer said a bishop victor crewy president of the army champion the NAACP but he said he was also concerned about the lack of reproach from city officials i don't know why we haven't heard from the powers that be the newly elected mayor and commissioners of my mbc said to at least say they don't can don't this behavior we haven't heard a word from them if the city doesn't make some kind of protest he said the protest will be widened will boycott the beach he said i feel like that the swatches are going to boycott the beach we'll see no swatches on the beach if they don't do something about this what do you say to that all right yeah i'm gonna go back to the beach see things are looking over there five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line eight seven seven seven eight five kneel on the uh well whatever that line is expensive line here's tamarackello hello new yes sir hey how you doing great uh this is not my technician with media one yes sir and uh we have to roll one a service road runner so when i heard about you trying to get the i speak data right i call down to the office and just told them you know they know what i just did and right so what the call the directive operation he said i'm gonna go over to the i speak data department they're gonna get a call over to you and get you straight now we're gonna take care of that the only problem is my account is under my real name is not our new Rogers well i think they're gonna call down to the station there and maybe talk to George right that would be great how how fast to in the install it uh well i'm pretty sure they can take care of you maybe we can jump you had a little this there right i think if you're soon as possible excellent all right like five three o'clock sounds good pal all right thanks a lot take it easy i don't want to make the rest of you feel bad that you're not an important person you know but you're not and that's just the way it goes i'm important i want to be hit a line you know i'm not one of those people at muscles and in fact i'm very nice in the supermarket if somebody's got one or two items and they want to get a head i did that just the other day somebody wants to want to do items get a head of me i always say no no i did let them in that's a big hurry what's the big deal because the sooner i get home anyway this is when i'm gonna start eating whatever the food was that i bought and i'm not one of those people ladies of food in the store like some of you slabs out there like some of you disgusting pregnant woman they're walking around with your big pooping and carrying another one in the arm already and you're shoving the food in your face and the baby's face right there in the store disgusting grotesque pigs roll runner baby let's get the road run out i say get that things speed it up and then if you're a son or gets with the program we get the i s p guy whoever that's gonna be and get somebody on their besides a o l that doesn't keep crapping out every five minutes i think that most people hate o a o l most people despise them and resent them bitterly here's my me b chillin yeah i knew yes sir okay the difference irregular by love is about fifty six k speed you're cable modems at four hundred k and your DSL are at fifteen hundred k 1500 you want the digital you don't want the cable is a drizzle so you get it the truth is everything goes out but you know you don't get straight all the time the road runner craps out of it there's a cloud in the sky that we're just saying like my don't know about them but i live in this area of cable vision and they get a different cable modem and i heard from people that what's in the driv those the k is a modem of the modem of the out what would that be nice yeah i use bell south you know that they go down once in a while but the speed is amazing i can download like uh... the entire songs that used to take a half hour and four seconds like a DSL line you mean yeah yeah yeah uh the other thing to do here the if you comment on that football game uh that got on the air the other night oh yeah they didn't delete it out they were they went down to the players uh the microphone and they were uh what he was this i'm not i don't think it was a dolphin game it might have been the calboys i'm not sure it was one of the self-adgains in the afternoon how was the techers yeah i think so and they is one of the players was little found out that's about it okay thank you thank you five six so now do i have any idea now what i'm supposed to know well George is take line to it he'll tell you here's a mobile and four lot of it all hello i mean i have media on it's fantastic the listener at diet has no what he's talking about yeah whether doesn't affect it it's great in fact i can download faster than my friends who have bell south ADSL line right so how how does it where i'm still confused being the uh more on the dot i am when it comes to this kind of stuff what what do they have to hook up what is the cable company do they hope it's your regular phone line it's no to the cable line okay maybe one offers cable teamy yeah internet access and now after telephone service okay and it's one off the uh five dot pick lines that media one is put in and i love it it's great and i have less problems and my friends that have the bell south ADSL okay well i'm doing it the guy said that by the time i get home he said it'll already be operating or something i'm in uh water hill off of uh university it's great i'm close to you you probably can get the same thing okay thanks you've got media one yes i do thanks one okay so do we know what we are doing no but hey we're gonna have five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line eight seven seven seven seven eight five Neil i'll tell you one thing i'm gonna run business i should be in a computer business i'll tell you you've got especially on a weekend like yesterday you go into any of these stores brand smart best buy any of them and it is just packed i mean wall the wall with people i don't know about everybody crying maybe i shouldn't be crying for people well he read it by computer the ghosty of ballgame maybe that's what it is because the computer you've got forever the ballgame a couple hours it's over and turn to her Gary glitter again for the fifty thousand time lots of big deal but it's just unbelievable to me the people going in there and just you have to stand online just to talk to somebody in these stores just to say hey i know what i want we can you just slip it off the shelf just to get the honor somebody speaking to until i recognize you that you're the very important guy in a radio and it's oh yeah we'll be right over and give you a big kiss here's uh money spring hello money springs is gone sounds real gone to me here's a lady in the homestead hello hello and how are you okay i was hearing that you're talking about a cable like that or a cable mode on the act that's in ds l line i i'm working with an internet company down here in homestead and we provide service to the date in broadwood county areas i heard it's a little bit confused on the cable mode and ds all thing and i understand that it's extremely confusing that's it is a little note though that let you know we before we start our internet company we had a delfiest power link which is the cable mode and act that some days it was very good i mean you're downloading very fast it was wonderful other days it was extremely slow and then it started getting more slow and slower because more people were on it exactly right and the same thing goes for the dsl it's very good right now i have a couple of friends that have the dsl through uh delfsl they say it's great sometimes the things a couple of people get online and it gets slower right now um one of the solutions that we did for our customers is a dual-modeum connection which means that you are constantly going at a hundred and twelve k and that's a dedicated you know that's a make sure that you're always going one twelve i mean yes not you know going uh one point five megabytes per second but you know it's dedicated you always know that you're always in a download at that speed and that that's something you know that's reassuring that way it's not like one day you're going fast and then the next day you're going like a little low you know but um i wanted to let you know that if you're still at home and you're kind of confused about the whole thing to go check out our website okay what is it? www.ilds.net i-lcs.net correct into the computer service and check out the website and hopefully it'll be available to answer some of your questions and you know maybe you'll even want to join us okay if i never get a well though uh pop up the step you want to take a look at that's a very good point i know a little awful there thanks a lot sweetheart thank you bye bye five six seven 05 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line 877 785 deal 877 75 6345 on the America's line here's a mobile in vocalo hey Neil i'm in uh open park now all right nice progress yeah not bad out here today you're going to want to yeah i've done fortunate late um listening Neil i was i called you last week i told you about the answer my my bus driver right and uh yes me if i'm gonna call back and you did your little note things last trying to get back with you the next day and George wasn't here when the 877 line was coming in i was coming across alligator alley i was laughed it's so hard it was like it was like my crony all over like the radio it was so fine because you ask it for people to call in and also these people are calling in it was like it was really funny what was happened there was amazing you know so yeah especially when you're working for cheap perks like this and all of a sudden these long business calls are actually coming in it's like a miracle i know George missed it it was really funny because especially the guy who was uh the airline attended and you asked for one of those like a month ago a male flight attendant the right call that and also this guy called yeah this guy think was called from the wing he's right sounded like okay and to make it really really short i got a keychain from uh carol yes sir i actually went to center one and uh she was really really nice haven't helped it takes us up out she was at the pizza locked the night before really nice person right you're there i'm still here yeah i'm just a little my keychain okay well my like you're talking about when your kids get hold of it right my daughter's four i'm sure she does off she says is oh and she walks around and i'm going to record you there i'm here okay i'm here i'm here i'm not going anywhere well you know there are all i thirty five minutes you know these soft-thrums and computers work you're going to work okay okay i have a great day pal bye bye out of here so what do you say five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line let's do a lady in my any hello lady in my any hi me yes man how are you great i was here at your parents on Saturday actually i was really surprised to you look so great for you but um it's so great for being my age yeah i don't look at the over fifty six you know you actually you don't look at the day over forty five yeah so i would say it's a way and i didn't even say anything too because i got to a nurse when i got there really yeah i was there with a little boy and my friend we get not really nervous and we didn't say anything she was kind of just ran off huh you just ran off kind i yeah really bad because we were just not to you but i'm quite anyway a little bit off this subject i'm calling because i heard uh not for long ago but this guy in North Carolina was a book and everything about the best way to lose weight and clear of illness is number one to eat strictly fruits and vegetables i can't do that i'm diabetic if i eat fruits it's in my blood sugar is soaring to astronomical levels not to mention that your muscle mass will just you know you lose all your muscle you know well i'm kind of like that sounds like harvey diamond that should for life crap that i had on the years and years ago that's what they pedal strictly fruit lot of fruit not a watermelon really what he's just it doesn't seem to be working because i don't see too many skinny black people yeah yeah well his secret is fruit's conventional but here's the best part you have to believe in god and you have to eat your bible oh yeah best part so that's why i'm fat yeah that's that damn you very close again there you can stick in a two me again you're not reading the bible what's bad about the game you're funny penis but not he's also making me fat yeah exactly okay well i'll see you down there honey all right now i'm a great day so i got you down in that place down there in tumblr 26 past no that 5 60 wq a m and chap with nose the scores learning it's in of a last team in weeknight only on fourth radio 5 60 q a m anybody have a heart or a liver okay 28 zip right six Okay J.D.L.Poo Land To run for, run the day To play Now he's walking, no boats But don't have to hear about, go, cocaine He'll just lie and he'll smile and just lie Okay You tell your drugs to the past Except for what you had, cocaine And we're all being shown Just for this world a big blur, cocaine What a shame it's a scam to the ground Okay Property 150560WQA M56070560 Pomp 560 on the AT&T line So 87785 Neil 877856345 on the atul preline Bingo Hall owner is bitter over June Raid It's not only a swing club that the BS got their sights on But the Bingo people, the Bingo people, M2 The games of chance had gone silent And the spastic shout had faded The spastic, I don't know that, the spastic shout As in Ehh But closing time, or another bread of excitement To the old time, Bingo Parler, one night earlier This year in North Lauderdale Shortly after the evenings, patrons had filtered out Broward Sheriff's Office deputies, that's the BS And North Lauderdale police Rated the gambling hall, hauling off everything From electronic bingo boards, the financial records in a few hours Just like those cruise ships, anybody remember that? The day they had to bring them back with their tail between their legs Can Jenny, again, you would bobby butterworth the fascist of Florida Rating everybody everywhere there's something evil Gambling and God forbid maybe even six The good time pulleys are ready to get And then this is, you know, it's a charity place It's a charity goddamn thing, a nonprofit agency Richard, you're a president of families of charity, a family charity of Brown Inquilchoperate living in Gopartal said, we've got a cloud over our business now We've been watching our charity go down the tubes for nothing No arrest of been made, or charges filed against him Or anybody else associated with a bingo hall since the raid But let's put everybody out of business Let's make sure that everybody sits inside the house 24 hours a day when a night outside work in a go to school With their hands folded Kissing their little Ken Jenny blow up doll or whatever their support Bobby butterworth doll, what a sad sad place Like I said, let's hear it for Dave County I mean we've got a lot of good things in Broward County And then there are a lot of bad things that we don't have in Broward But we have Ken Jenny, which makes up for a lot Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale, hello Hey Neil, what's going on? Yes sir Well, I've put a lot to talk about this adios, so we're just capable more than one You're so sorry I brought this up, sound like the brick and such old I am You know, I'm a certified engineer from Microsoft, I installed networks So I learned the both ways of it in which way is better which way is best I didn't know why you were complaining about ALO What things to be wrong? You're having a big problem Because it's slow because it disconnect 8 million times in the middle of whatever you're trying to do And because you get a busy signal after busy signal And because you get those stupid pop-up ads all the time It's not good, it's bad, it's a bad ISP Okay, a couple of things, people have been covering their calls with true semantras 8 ESL, it's asymmetrical digital subscriber line, the word digital Rob band for all of which words for all of the advertising is analog So you have old versus an adisL, or on your same phone line Same dedicated line, that means that no matter how many people are on line No matter what time of day it is, you're going to have your dedicated speed And in this case, the bell south is 1.5 megabits download per second You can idea you right now, you know, 56K modem Actually, see regulations say that you can't go faster than 53 ALO, you probably can connect to 28 Yeah, more than 20, yeah Okay, so that's 28 kilobits A megabit was a thousand 24 kilobits So without being too technical, bottom line, you're looking at about 1500 kilobits As opposed to 53, which is the FCC law That's on the download, the upload is 250 Kable, I believe it's 400 on the download now in your area They, if they don't have two-way cable meaning that you send them a C but 400 You're not going to get it because the browser-tonic commission That's the law saying that anyone coming in regarding internet service Any technology they develop has to be made available at no profit To their competitors Meaning 18, she comes in, leaves the fiber optic ground network So they can charge everyone for a two-way cable modem That means they've got a cello to ALO, to anybody, and not make a dime So I talked to 18, to NGC, I wouldn't was And they said they have absolutely no plans for any expenditure on e-growth Because it's anti-competitive and they're countered, they're actually suing proud of coming government because of it AD, the ISDN someone talked about the 104K Yeah, we have a, we have a thing for that, and it means I still don't know Because it's so slow, it is dedicated but so is ADSL I obviously have the ADSL service, I got it when it first came out from DLSO Because I knew what it was, DLSO was in no way prepared to handle ADSL when I got it And I mean to the tune of like 14 pages of history with me and DLSO And the customer service line, however, I'm happy to say that they seem to have, I end out whatever bug they have And the service is great, the download speeds are incredible I like to tell a lot of games online, so speed is an important thing Yeah, one of our friends who used to have media one had a one way And you know, in the afternoon, you know, 1112 in the afternoon In his neighborhood, no problem because you know, it won't work But when people come home as private clock, this year, DLSO was only a couple main lines that bring cable service through your neighborhood So whenever one gets on, it basically draws a bit with and splaces it up into everyone who's connected ADSL, I think if there are how many people will have share your phone line to your house None, so it's only you. And I've been on three-way conversations online, playing games, testing my download speeds, and they've been for now Alright, so what does BellSouth have to do if you do that? They have to put another phone line in? No, same phone line. What that happens is, ADSL runs on a different frequency And what happens is, you have your frequency bouncing for your voice on one speed and your frequency bouncing for data on another speed But they will do is they'll probably come in and connect with the call in ADSL, splitter slash filter in your main line And that's probably in your kitchen and it's, you know, if you have a pinging phone, it's a little box that's Retrochrome a wall about an inch and it's no really that it's no further than the phone with itself And they'll connect it there and they'll connect a separate jack for ADSL But there's no extra wires and it's on the same phone line A lot of people can call you after this, but the bottom line is, and I'm not trying to say, you know, I just, I do this for living So if anyone else calls you with anything different, just tell them to check their facts and look it up and they'll see this is the way ADSL is Like I said in the beginning, BellSouth was prepared now, like it's also regarding flash com Because I looked at them strongly as well, the speed for the money is not worth it and the customer service is nonexistent Okay, 49.95 on month if you have the complete choice plan from BellSouth Okay, thanks. Okay, appreciate it. Okay, do I know what I'm doing now? Why is it that every time I get into something like this, no matter what it is, computers I mean you name it, and everybody who calls means, well, like this, got me, he's an A on expert, he's a a He's a very important expert, but by the time I get done, I'm just living with it like that. So what he said, he said the road runner blows chunks 21 before one at five, 60 WQM's plan. I need help. I have a hairy chest. I have a hairy chest. I have a hairy chest. Real men have hairy chest. I like to watch Baywatch. I like to watch Baywatch. I like to watch Baywatch. Real men like to watch Baywatch. I like to listen to Ricky Martin. Real men. Real men. Real men. Real men. Real men. Real men. Real men. 60 WQM. I'm not here too much about him anymore. Thank God. It was difficult. It was painful. It was quick. It's just about over. Here's a fact from somebody who puts a little punky kid on it. This is almost like a, what's his name? Peter Leonard thing. And it says at the end, this is about getting a two way modem instead of a one way cable modem otherwise your screwed from your cable company. And it debottomances PS like the canes in the nose, AOL blows. Oh. Amen. 560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877, 865, 6345 on the toll free line. 877, 775, Neil. Here's a mobile in my me. Hello. Hey, hey, don't know. Okay, sir. Hey, don't. And I don't have any problems at all with AOL. Okay. I've been using NL well since they won and I get some of the best gate corn sites that you can find. Yeah. Okay. Good. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877, 785, Neil. Yeah, Neil on this pal. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Mobile in four-laterdale. I hear you, I hear you're clicking it. What is it? What kind of a line is this? Other there. There. There. They're just the podcasting weather. Hello. Hello? Yes. Good afternoon, local, Neil. Yes, sir. Sorry, I had my head set off for a second. Well, those are what again. I look for a very large computer company, which I don't know if I'm sure I can say the name on the ear, but it's a blue chip company. Yeah. That's a little head. You probably got a million calls off there on the internet, no matter what cable service or DSL service or whatever you get. Yes. I can, if you like, I can stop the album. You know, with your computer and make it all work and explain it to you in English, which probably not a whole lot of people can do. Especially nowadays with computers. You've got a lot of people who are fantastic with the machines, but don't know how to work with the people. And I'd be happy to help you out if you like to take my name or number off the ear. Okay, you're a little taken. Thank you. Don't tell them. I'm so sorry I brought this up. We were having a really good show there for most of the show, and then I brought this up. And then it was full in the plug. That was the end of that. Sorry, I apologize profusely. And as far as, you know, and we got the road runner guy, they want to hook me up on that thing like even before I get home. We got the DSLR from the phone company and all the other crap. Too many gizmos and just not enough time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, we got about 14,000 open lines right now. I can't even begin to imagine what. I apologize, even the Rick Riley, I apologize. Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer. And you're listening to me. Superoper. We've been to the app minutes of two sports radio 5, 60, Q, A, M. Check your dad's juice. Is it done or a lead or does it involve your behind? Stumped, turban, things that only gaze to this. Most states have lost. Could be jail or pay a fine. The Senate now must pick with your faith. O'er, the me. Peter Pop for the cold, right. Archbath for on business, me. O'er, the front door so bad, just go and that's the dinner. You know, all these my naces in the Senate, you'll have a seat. People without healthcare, so flagging livelihoods. The way they act is really what is lose. Well, they're helmets to model specter. And horned by a pack of wood. No matter where you sit, get, we get screwed. Look about me. The Senate's lost its mind. There's hunger, drug, and crime, God knows. Look about me. There's a Vietnamist time with killings on the Lishio. All right. 13256, the WDQM, so somebody sends me a stake-in-shake menu in the mail. With other locations all over time. No. No. The WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the WDQM, the UN elected leader. Larson Boy. Dean. His name is OYST-EIN. Oh. Dean. Face is charged as a legally dumping oil off the coast of California that lying about it. And under government video released earlier this year, showed another World Curb-inship Anaction, the cameras investigator say called workers dumping chemicals and oils into the sea, sometimes through secret types. How do you like that? So take your cruise ship and shove it you old fossil, okay? Perfect for you. World Farts like you. Anybody out of the age of 100 stay off those cruise ships. Now I have a terrible confession to make. What? No, I have a confession to make now. And of course it's only about something I've done in the last or I discovered I've done in the last couple of minutes. Thanks to one of our wise guys out there in radio land. That sends my name in, you know, they have this world vision thing where you adopt a starving kid in Latin America somewhere. So I have a confession to make ladies and gentlemen. I have a steps on who will be starving to death because I'm not sending them anymore. That's right. Am I going to send them any money? Oh, because it's got a picture in here, boys, the ugly. Perfect. What have a size of those eyes? That's those very sad, big brown eyes. And I think it puts them leftovers in a ziplock bag and that'll be a little bit more. No. Alex, Joaquin, for all his. He's in the sand cell that here's his address. Here's Alex's address. And I'm his whatever whatever it is. His sponsor, so should we add you whatever it is? Here's my letter. Este maro amigo. Oh, of course it's an espanyol. Quiero tomar esta y oportunidad para expresarle. Me cincero, or whatever that is. Por el compromiso, que hacho, they say round, whatever this is, de nios de world vision. Bienvenido a nuestro familia. No, no, El Paso. Si compromiso, mezzo, mezzo, mezzo, mezzo. Are you dera? No, I'm not sending nothing to Alex. Okay, Alex, you're going to be starving to the palace. I'm sure you're nice to the young boy, but no. He's used to, they see, are they? Are they? Okay, in Quanto, he's he's he's he's he's what is that? History rectum, I uno de estos mis hermanos ms pecinos. Ami los, this is that word again. That's from San Mateo 2540. I never did New Jesus was in San Mateo. He was, well, there's all those missing years. Remember between 12 and 12. That's where he was. He was on the most coast. That's why he looked like that. Like a hippie. He was probably at Berkeley too. Los Adudamentoos, El Fueleto de Alex, Joaqun Flores, que continen a continene, continene. Su foto, a historia, oh yeah, he's the favorite, the subject is math. His grades, muy buena. Favorite game, alapelota. Or he likes Pablo Pelota, he said. Yeah. His name of, what is proyecto? What is that? Name of his project? Oh, the number of his petania. What was that mean? There is. No. What's the reality? What could argue? I'm doing better here with my spikton. You are. Come on, esteo, say, encuentrore, dysparadio, he's desperate. He's desperate. He's desperately, my health. He desperately needs my help. No. Isn't that sad? Somebody because there'd be an a wise guy. This kid isn't going to get any other sugar daddy. He needs my help. I will. He needs my money. I will. I give it to my fool. I will. I give it to my assistant. I will. I give it to you. No. And here's his address in San Salvador, I said, well, my, here's a kid that's going to be starving. That's not because of me because I'm silly spikot there. Sent in my name and he'll rob you to sponsor some kid. How do you like that? What are we going to do about this? Getting justice much as he would have gotten anyway. Yeah, nothing. This is very sad. It says when you write, please include your number. I'm translating now very good, but please include your number and the number, identification number of your child in the, in the card, card, in the letter. Uh, and that's as much as I can understand. So there you go. We got a little dilemma here. Maybe we'll have to use Alex's address out there on the, on the year that we can raise him a whole bunch of money. Maybe a five ounce gets enough. I'll split it with him. Yeah, hey, I can't come on a year and beg for money for myself because I make it a lot of money. But I can come on and beg for money for a poor little Alex, a lot of nonsense, Salvador, who desperately needs my help. Not just ordinarily, one of the mill needs my help. Desperate them, I'll meant they whatever that is. Maybe someone knows how to say kick back and spend. Yeah, kick back. I'm just going to kick back right here in the chair. And Alex do the work. Raise the money. Yeah. How do you like that? Scandalist, Neo Rodgers with a starving steps on. This is like one of those Registro open stories. Only worse. 22 till 2 at 5. 16 of an QM. I just bills in front. The other company, who QAM, gone Tom, for all the latest dolphins information in your country. We've been great friends. Frank beat the broadcast. Fort radio five, 60, the UAM. I just want to eat the house. I know that all of us, American dollars on the water company. We are 22. Hey, you're out of the blockbuster building flight club. Then you'll love Brad Pitt. It is scorching sequels. The first rule of our city club is don't tell anyone about our city club. Yeah, well, I don't agree to that. But how do you not agree with that? Are you kidding? It's promising exclusionary. It's not. Yes, it is. Our human club, co-starring at Norton as the reluctant participant. How can I know anything about myself as a man if I've never been an argument? I disagree. I think your reasoning is fundamentally flawed. You're such a reactionary. And our human club critic's agreed. It's definitely not as violent as the original. We're going to take on the club up a notch. Who's with me? You know, that's a tad rash. Shouldn't we debate the frozen conference? I don't think so. Well, I do. If you category on what movie to see this weekend, then agree to disagree and see argument club. Now playing is the Washington City. Oh, it's not. Yes, it is. It's not. Yes, it is. 17, 22, at 5.60, WQAM. In Elombre, they crystal. Richard E. Stirren's president, they will visit US. See the problem, this is the way we believe that this is legitimate. This is a good way to let a guilt trip on somebody is to enroll somebody on the same thing. They send you this thing and they even got the kids shoe size and a picture here. And on his address. And you have the feeling like, well, if you throw it away, he's certainly not going to get another chance. Right? He's not going to know. Seriously, poor little Alex there. Look at him. How about what you see? He's nine or ten years old. Look at a picture. Yeah. Maso, I may not see. Eight. Not recently, probably. No. I can't tell you. You have eight weeks waiting for my check. Huh? Now, he looks a little lady, may she hit it, of course, he's in San Salvar. But you can send us in Jerky. It'll keep. No. Let the Jamaican send him the Jerky. That's a good thing. Hey, you Jamaican, do you want to send him some Jerky? Yeah, I'm on. Okay, send the Alex. And if I don't respond to this, he's going to starve to that. And I'm going to go to his parents. Huh? I'm going to probably bring you a paper about that. And I'm tearing up all poor little Alex. I just tore up his picture. And I tore up all this stuff in all the literature and whoever the speaker is that sent this is. Shame on you. It's not going to be on my ass. It's not going to be on my ass. It's going to be on your ass that poor little Alex down there in El Salvador is starting that because instead of a real person who wanted to get involved in this thing, his sponsor, you've got me who I had no interest in that. Because number one, I don't know if he's really going to get the money. And number two, you know, what a bunch of crap that is. I'm already supporting enough people. I don't need to support the stranger from God damn Central America. So I hope you sleep real well. You'll only all whoever sent this crap in. I hope that Jesus picks on you when you see him in San Mateo. Hope he singles you out of the crowd and gives you watch for. Is that in Dread? Here's Hollywood. Hello, Mr. Niel. Yes, sir. I've been down here in my sense. This is over. I'm going back to civilization in three weeks. And I want to take a buy and say thank you for a. I'm going to introduce and tell each other to the 7th floor. I've been trying for about a hundred years, Bill. I know you have. Well, I'm going to reach Lee from Boston. And I wanted to say when I was hearing you talk about that little boy. Maybe you could give it to Roy and then Roy could have a golf tournament. Then you'd go for an opportunity. I did an idea. And we can rather get old J back here for that again, too. It's Roy. I'm curious to see the one who does a spotlight at night for one of your sponsors, a commercial company in our ticket. Yes, that's him. I'm going to leave. I'm going to call them today. The other thing I wanted to say. I am. I'm going to tell him why I would never buy anything from because it's ridiculous. But I don't want you to get in any trouble. Before I go, I wanted to say that I'm going to watch and have outborate. And he's the closest thing to Bobby or that I've seen in a long time. Yeah. Well, everything's different kind of player. Yeah, but he makes everybody around a play a little better when the other people are off the edge with them. You see a little bit better skipping their skating and they finish out their checks. And I think he's a great addition. And I hope the people down here will be smart enough to appreciate the talent. No, they don't know who he is. And for me, it's back to New England. My sentence is over. Good luck. Okay. Good luck, you pal. Thank you. Okay. There's a guy going back to New England. A civilisation up there with almost cracking New Englanders. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's a call in Naples. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Pretty good. The first reason is to help jack up the bill on this interplanetary line. Good. And the second reason was I haven't heard you talking about the earthquake yesterday afternoon. What would you like me to say about it? It was bad. People died. Well, I mean, what is there to say about the earthquake? Well, are you talking about the same one? I'm talking about the one I felt here yesterday afternoon. The one you felt there? Yeah. I could feel it all over here in Naples. Yeah, and where was it from? Well, it was when Doug flew through that past Eric mold. Oh, yeah. And all the dolphins fans jumped off the band lag. And that one? Right. That must be what I felt the tremor while I was there. I remember that computer. Yeah. I felt tremors. In fact, it were in my home. Are they ready to hang Dane and next to Dane? Oh, yeah. They're off his bandwagon already. They want Dane back. When's you going to get back? Let's get the carapracted. A fix up his neck and went Bany coming back. And, you know, they lost again. They need people here. Oh, seriously, I don't have to do it. And the biggest phone is that ever came down the pike. All they came out to do was lose one game and they're ready to look for blood. I figured that. Yeah. I don't get the hero. Those shows in the morning while you're very local. You're so very fortunate. Have a great day. Thanks. Thanks for running up a good bill. All right. Say how do they want to be these two? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 1, 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5. Neil is at whatever that line is. They're running up the bill line. 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 3, 45. Look at that. That thing's starting to move a little bit. Now that we're almost done today. And again, I apologize to myself. Not to you people. We're kind of a more on AMI. Don't I know that Rick Riley almost put himself off of you with a computer talk? And that stock market crap. See, and I admit, unlike him at least he knows a little bit about computers. I know nothing. And I don't want to know. All I want to do is have one that works so good. And just whether it's supposed to do that's all. When you go out and spend 2500 bucks for a goddamn computer, it would be you would like to have it work right. See there you go again. Sorry. Here's some rice, hello. Yes, sir. You know, how you doing? Pretty good. Okay, I'm just a live remote for my bathroom here. I'm looking at a 10 year old. Oh, my God. I'm talking on the radio with my pants down. It's kind of amazing. I'm looking at a 10 year old spin magazine. Yeah. It's from October of 89. Yeah. It's an interview with Hunter Thompson. Listen to what it just a little spot. It says, and this was an 89. I'm very familiar by the way. Go ahead. Okay. Now we're being heard into the 90s, which looks like it's going to be a true or generation of swine. A decade run by cops in Horton's generation without humor, without mercy. Dead heroes and diminished expectations. History, I mean, a decade that will go down in history at the gray area. Right. At the end of the decade, no one will be able to have any names. That's a pretty much the beta rule. Sexual kill you. Politicians lie and rain is pointing. Right. Oh, and the world is run by horse. And that's 10 years. I mean, men, did he hit it on the marker? What? Him and what's his impetitrious ski? Yeah. They were on it. Okay. Well, listen. Okay. Good. 560, 560, ponp 560 on the AT&T line. What was that online night? What was that? That rang before. Somebody wanted to know if you were going to make the parents before it mayors. No. In fact, I think we're all done with appearances this year. We had a decent turnout there. We had a lot of very nice people there, I'd specs and Saturday. And let me say again, I appreciate more than I can ever convey them. The specs, people of instance, and satial. They put up a real great display and buy your best to the LCD, because that's in a specs all over date, proud and Palm Beach and in Fort Myers. And we appreciate that very, very much. But they've been stupid. I think that's a very good thing. I think that's a good thing. But I think, you know, one of those appearances and off you got all those dumb picture cards. And, you know, almost maybe some of the same people want to come back for seconds. Jacob did not show up, by the way. I don't know where Jacob lived. Jacob didn't show up. Lot of very fine listeners out there showed up on Saturday. Jacob Jacob did.