Sports Radio 560 WTUN. My M-E4 Lodderdale presents the Neil Rogers share to talk to Neil called 567-056-123 for David Barrett, Mark Hound, 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is yes, callers are anyone else on the show to not necessarily reflect those of WTUN. Beesley, read acquisitions or the Beesley broadcasts. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM. Gordon gives out Florida a major blow job. I'm flying, Farron. Will our 847-2AM? Who are that back at that corner dance? I won't say at the floor. These are iconic guys. I'm going to hell with eight-two of them anyway. We're so proud to be down at Gimes, really, James. I want more with sport. I'm going to play with the real high. When I listen to this sport, I'm going to play with my own jet-high attention, but we'll really get the set for this short. Let's wait you high, boys, we'll get the other reaction. Well, I hate what we do without QAM. We're very confused back on again. I'm going to miss here and straighten it with boys this high. Now, I'll have to get deeper in that closet again. So I'm going to press all the macho crayons. Check out the rigs more right now to build the pan on the side. Yeah, very nice of them. I got my first sports guys. His voice has cracked as they were 12 years old. And I can't relax that. Yes, Dan, a real close to the radio. And down. And there, boys, sit on the there. Really, it's my balls. They go in. And that girl, man. Yeah, he's marked in my infrared brother. Yep. That's 2560 WQM happy Monday 2 in just a relaxed. Okay, even though. That's very funny. Just relax. We're not concerned about that. Because we got the Marlins coming up at noon. We got a short show today. The Marlins at noon. And the Dolphins tonight. There's a rough and hydrogen bombs on homestead. But we don't care. We've got the ball games on. That's QAM for you. We don't care about minor things like that. Like a category five hurricane that's sitting out there right now. Hurricane Cliff Floyd. Yeah, we got to, you know, make a little sports thing out of it. Cliff Floyd. 155 mile hour winds, which it takes over 155. So it's like one mile hour away from being the major category five, which obviously it will be very soon if not already as we speak. In the history of a meteorology, they've only had two category five hurricanes that have ever made landfill, only two in history. And this will be number three. Where's it going to go? Well, who the hell knows? You know what I'm saying? Because we got the Marlins and the Dolphins coming up baby. Yeah, let's hear it. Ah, and why don't they throw more passes to the running backs out of the guy damn backfield? Did I have some pretty damn good games yesterday? It's about time. Including that the jets, uh, Patriots game, got all mighty, unbelievable. Whole bunch of good games yesterday. And that's how we care about. So in the spirit of doing things the way we do here at QAM, we got, you know, I got the weather channel on here. The flow of lock is starting to arc a little bit more northward. So we're thinking it may be a big concern toward the north west a little bit more over the next 24 hours. Now that's not going to happen in a hurry because the system is very large. It has some momentum going on. Thank you for that Canadian air band. It's blown. It comes toward the south coast of Florida. But we do still think it's going to turn more toward the north west. Now the expected impact. Wind is very high, waves very high, surge very high, rainfall. We only reason it's not high because the storm of the hurricane. I should say continues to move a little bit faster than what would take it to produce massive flooding. I keep in mind, you radius of tropical storm force winds. Those are yellow areas you see on the diagram. Very large. The radius of hurricane force winds, which is the orange. And so we're going to get the big blow in a lot of rain tomorrow and the wind deal. Okay. That's what we're going to get. Are we going to get the main impact? No. Doesn't look like it. Low from Canada is been like push this baby off just enough to the north west so that we're not going to get the front of it here in South Florida. Looks like. I'll keep my eye on it because obviously we've got more important things to do. How about giving away those exhibition tickets for the Panther game? So let's talk about something important. Answer, right? Something that would be in line with Greg Reed and his mentality. Ball game. Okay. That's the kind of stuff we're here. The QAn. Ball games, baby. They could be drippin' like I said. New career weapons all over the place. I don't go to exhibition games myself. Although I must confess I did watch a little bit of the Detroit Ranger game last night. Exhibition game. Which shows you how bad television is. But anyway, got the pair for that Bruins Panther game on the Friday September 17th. Will mail these out right away. I hope that they don't blow away in the historic. For the exhibition game in my great seats right there. Almost at center ice. And then I got a pair of tickets for the. Lightning a Panther game. These are exhibition games that's Tuesday September 21st along with the. A preferred parking pass. How do you like that? So I'll give those away this morning because we got a short show and another two hours will be out of here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the. 18, 2, 1, let's land. Thank God for Don. Oh, by the way. Thank God for him. He's the one guy out of all of them. Just like I've been saying this for about. Several years now. Even go back seven years back to Hurricane Andrew. He's the one guy out of all the people that I've been watching on TV. Who doesn't get hysterical. Doesn't jump on the down like ripples. Still, it doesn't overreact. Doesn't get everybody run and out by and a lot of stuff that they're not going to need. Nice going. Don. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, probably we won't have anybody call us now these next couple hours because we're not going to talk about football number one. And number two, because everybody's out there at their home deco and at their publics. Anybody want these a hockey tickets? No. Okay. I don't want them. I don't go to exhibition games by itself. So they had to pick Panther Fester on Saturday. We're going to get any calls about that. No. Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just wanted to comment about the Saturday. I'm Jewish. I was really pissed off about that. Well, you know, something that's the only day they could do it. I understand, but that's the only day that they could do it. And they still had like eight or 10,000 people there, I guess. Is that right? I don't know. I was too thrilled about that. I'm just telling you, it just happened to fall that way that they were up in a hall court back before that. And then they were done. It was the only window of opportunity they had for a weekend to be able to do that. You know what I was going to say last year, if I remember, was the same situation. Yeah. And it's though, as you think of, they learned something and maybe change it for this year. How do they change it? The can't change the whole schedule? Well, you're right. In addition to which, let me ask you, how many Jews spend all day on the brochure shown? It's not like a highly religious holiday. You know, it's like you're going to stay in the school all day. I'm not. Well, you're right. So, you're just going to be able to do a kid thing into a clock, out of there is 3 30. And then I was too from bulk it goes down there is 3430. It's over at 5 o'clock. Yeah. So, that didn't make sense. Well, you have to stop being so Jewish. Well, Amy, is only close to the wife, trust me. Oh, God. Can I get the whole? Can I get some hockey tickets for Friday? For Friday? Are you mean for the, yeah, Bronze Gale? Okay, hold on. I'll make you feel a little better about the little less Jewish, okay? I appreciate it. Although now you're snoring. So, let me feel a little more Jewish. Okay, hold on. Okay, get that guy and one and mail him out right away. These tickets to the exhibition game on Friday. See, here we go. Give some stuff away. Let's hear it. I don't care about any stupid storm out there. Over toward L.T. and John's down TA. And just maybe infringing on some of Garrett County, I've Western Maryland. Yeah, we don't care about Western Maryland. Okay, let's get back to our live. That's what we care about. As our lives and our safety and our sanity. That's what we care about here. I mean, I could go into a big song today. And to about how it was to work on a real radio station with a real news department of these hurricane Andrew seven years ago. Thank God for Chuck Meyer and all the people we head back then. But here we are. We're worried about ball games, baby. That's the Marlon game in noon. We got the dolphin game with hours and hours and hours of pregame. Because that's the Greg Reed, I can way, baby. We don't care about this other stuff. We don't have time for the big blow out there. In fact, this thing better get out of our way because we don't. We don't have time for this kind of crap. It interferes with our plans. Just like Tessio said in Godfather one, remember that you screwed up all my plans. Sorry, Sally, can't do it. Only the Santa Recon Sally. This is Hurricane Cliff Lloyd. But like I said, just stay calm. Don't get all panicky now. Don't get all psychotic and go running to your supermarket and buying up all the water. So that nobody else has gotten any. That's what some of you assholes keep doing by in 20 and 30 and 40 and 50 jumps of water. Just calm down a little bit. Okay, like me, stay calm. For Christ six. It looks like we're going to get a kiss at least here in Dayton, Broward County. Now they're saying it's going to make landfall from Palm Beach, somewhere up to North Florida, somewhere up the coast. If you're up there in Palm Beach County, just keep your eye on it very closely. And certainly if you're in Broward or Palm Beach, I'd be, you know, I would be going out there in, you know, making some plans now. Because if you're not going to do it now, you're never going to do it now. No. Nine minutes after 10 is five, 60, WQA and do. How long are you following? She won your heart in some miracle worker. Despite her handicaps, she left behind a lifetime of achievements. And now, with a discovery of rare audio tapes, found in a face in somewhere in New Jersey. Death Jam Records makes available to you. Helen Keller sings the blues. The series of recordings from the 1915 by Helen Keller herself, whaling out of Palm to South. Whaaaaaah! Whaaaaaah! Whaaaaaah! Two order yours. One of your very cardery. And call 1-800. Whaaaaaah! Order now. We'll get a bonus just for two minutes by Marley Matlin and Johnny Ray. Whaaaaaah! Whaaaaaah! Whaaaaaah! Whaaaaaah! Whaaaaaah! Pepper King at 560 WQA and 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line as we continue rolling along Singin' a song on our way to Marlon Free Game Time at noon today. Here's Margate, hello. Hey, no, say you're doing. Okay. I agree with you about this radio station. I mean, they can't even break in a time to give us any updates on the storm. Where it might be, where it might be heading. Now, the one for you, we wouldn't know Jack. Yeah. So, hey, listen, I'm coming to work this morning. I'm listening for 20 minutes. And this is a catac, this is our storm is four times the size of her canandro. Okay? Four to five times the size. Plus it's now turning into a category five, which is you know is the highest on the San Francisco. And then we're sitting here talking about the ball games, you know? Yeah, I know. It's like, you know, this is a dangerous storm and people should get ready for it to understand where it is. You know, thank God it might not be heading here. You know, we'll still feel the trouble before it's wins, but you know, nothing like they will up north of us. But we should know where it is. You know, the station should like break in and give us some kind of weather updates or something instead of sports to every 20 minutes. Yeah. But I would depend on the best this weekend. You know, it's pretty nice. All this coming. Yeah, right. I got to meet Jake McDonald. He seems to be a he's a very nice guy. Yeah, he seems to step up from the old jerk we had. He's give her stuff for me. But I had a question for him and he didn't quite know the answer. The four and four overtime. Is that going to be in playoff hockey also? No. Okay, just for the regular season. Right. Oh, that's good because that would really be a way. Oh, no, I'll play. As you know, I hope you know that it play off. I mean, the hockey the overtime goes on forever. Oh, yeah. It's not one of those five minute deals like having a regular season. Right. Why I'm just hoping they don't do the foreign for forever. Because that really is a terrible idea. Yeah. You know, something the way that just like yesterday, I'm watching. I watched the whole bunch of games. There were some really great games like I said yesterday. And the thing with the replay, they've got, I forget which game was it. The Patriots, Jeff's game. I'm sure that was the game where they did the replay on the spotting of the ball. Right. Yeah, we went to play. When they made it go for the first down when they did the fake field goal. Right. And how can you have an instant replay for spotting the ball? I mean, it's so inaccurate at best the way they do it already because it's spontaneous. And you have to see it immediately. How could you possibly see on a TV screen where you're going to spot the ball and then measure within a hundred of an inch where you're going to put it. I mean, this has got to be the dumbest thing I've ever seen in my life. What they're doing with the rules and sports. Yeah, definitely with a stupid thing because, you know, And the one that they were talking about on the worst thing this morning at the end of the show and the giants Tampa Bay game, where they're definitely standing there. Obviously, the sun is shining. So we's got his head. Looks like he was in a voting booth. He's standing there with a goddamn thing over his head. He, with a curtain over his head and his head up against the screen there. And then comes back with a wrong ruling anyway on it. Yeah, that is 20 that machine they have. How do you like that? He's got his head stuck in there with a headset on with a timer going. I mean, I'm serious that there must be crazy people at the head of this crap. Definitely. I'm going to look at the crowd for the Tampa Bay ticket. Sure. No problem, pal. Little thing of our calls this morning. Hey, thanks, Neil. Hang on, man. Line 4 in the market. That's the guy, believe. And we'll send these right out of the mail and then hope that the mailman don't get blown away in the storm. 560560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Val Harbor. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Oh, my God. I've been gone for months. And I've missed you. Yeah, here I am. It was an all-in here. I got to take your shows. Yeah. And I've been sent. How have you been? Been great, man. I just want to say one thing now. You know, you put it on perspective. People are going crazy now. I've turned them in and pedant with fines, these old ladies. You can't even get about a lot of out there anymore. We're going crazy about this, but you keep it on perspective. You can't. You can't keep people here at perspective. Because it's either either one or one of the other, it's one of two extremes. They either do absolutely nothing or they run to the store and they go crazy and they're buying up air v-sheet apply, whatever piece of lumber, air v-bottle of water, air v-battery, and you walk into your supermarket and the shelves are empty because people are buying up all kinds of stuff that they don't need. And then, which 95% of the time, 99% of the time, thank goodness, when we the store doesn't hit us. Then after we're there, come back trying to take this stuff back and get a refund. Absolutely. Well, I could use a good blow. So, you know, I'm really looking forward to this. Yeah, exactly. Anyway, I was wondering, what can I get your CDs? Because I have to get some of the tickets we back to later again. They won't be able to October 1, they'll be at specs. Oh, no wonder. I'm looking all over the home for these things. Yeah, October November and December, we do it. All right, now just want to say a little bit, I missed you. Okay, pal. You have a good, is there any more tickets for the game? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. There's no more tickets. I said, I gave away my own personal pair. I've tickets for the exhibition games and there they go. Now, that was quite a display, by the way, that we just had in their while I was on the year in the middle of the show. That was a very uplifting display that I'm already psychotic and weightable. My brains out and get up and walk out. That was a great display by our general manager who is long as everything is, you know, just goes along, thumb up your way along the confident way. Everything is wonderful. And as soon as there's some kind of a problem, you're not happy with it. You response to it. Yeah, like that, you know, like off the deeper. Yeah. I mean, you can really sit down and have an intelligent conversation about the broadcasting business with. Not. Here's a summarize, hello. Yeah, long time first time. Yes, sir. I just called. See how you're doing. I was going to try and get some tickets too, but they're at that at least I hung on the phone to dog. Well, I was pretty damn nice in there. I'd sit there, watch it and do this morning. Got mayor penis down there in Miami. They're not even in a watch at. He's going to call the National Guard out of the way. What's up with this guy? Well, maybe maybe somebody's shimmering around on this too. And I look to me like he's getting smirred all over the place. Everything else he does. Oh, and by the way, you notice in the wake of the all the drug smuggling going on at my international, you know, it's how they had three big highly publicized raids that they staged lately, including marijuana at somebody's house. Nice one. There Mayor penis. You're right on top of the baby. Yeah. By the way, I just they had a damn road that here, blocked off like the National girl was going to come through with hurricane two for that pants that thing didn't get a chance to go though. That's okay. All you missed was remember anyway. Yeah. You didn't want to hold up any of your in potent airtime. So it's about it. Okay. I have a great day. Thanks. Okay. Crawl out of the covers. Baby, it hoped for the best. That's my advice. Crawl out of the covers and hope for the best. Man, that's what we do here at QAM. We just crawl under the covers and hope for a ball game to come along real soon. Like real like noon would be good. You know, the Marlon pregame Marlon's at the reds. And then Hank will be on in between ball games. Very briefly there like from about 330 to 5 o'clock. And then we got the dolphins at Denver that big game tonight. Football, we got baseball, we got football. We don't worry about little stuff like category 5 hurricane. This is not important stuff. Okay. Just remember that. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hi. How are you doing? Great. You know, my husband. He really adore you. He's a true, real, worshiper. Right. And I can't believe it. All he does is talk about how great you are. And then you know what I taught him? I taught him. He really sucks. Like you sucks. You know, and I can't believe it because I think you're very racist. So why are you listening? Well, because I want to tell you back. Oh, I see. Well, that would be very much. Thank you. And have a nice life. You black bitch. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT. I'm very racist. But she's listening because she'd be wanting to tell me that. All right. Thank you so much. That's for you sweetheart. And here's another. That's also for you, Northster Church. Here's a call from the keys. Hello. How are you doing, Neil? All right, sir. I can't believe that. Oh, my God. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I want to make a comment. You took the words right out of my mouth about the people like buying up all the water. I went into public today and they had this, uh, the shelves docked obviously. But I, uh, just hope people just buying up a whole bunch of water. But when the storm goes by and all, you know, all those little clear, they're going to take it back. They're going to send it back just like they're letting you just call. Okay. It happened a last time. I just a few months ago, last time that we had this kind of a scare and that we got people called the next day saying, oh, yeah, people are trying to take the bottles water back. I mean, who knows what they would do with the bottle water? Is this they're going to take it back? No, of course not. They could open it up and pee in it and then try to take it back. Who knows what they're going to do with it? I wouldn't take it back. Yeah, I know. They're still even going to take it back. Even though we still have two more tropical storms right behind. No, we got dirt right on the ass of Hurricane Cliff fluid here. We got dirt right on the ass. There's another one just spit it off african now. Just like that lady proved they're called a minute ago. All the bad, the evil stuff that comes here comes right out of african man. Definitely. All the good things are going to be the worst stuff comes to african. That threatens our very existence. Yep. She's going to be the one to take it back and then when the other one comes, she's going to go back and buy the same bottle of water. Yeah, I hope somebody's been in it, right? All right. You have yourself. Okay. One thing to help. Back to you, see. Yeah. I just want to content that your racist son of a bitch. Yeah, thank you. And have a happy, uh, grocery shun of two by the way, sweetheart. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless Live. We got the big Marlon game at the Reds and Nune today to pregame show. And thank God for that. Because it gives us also a mixture of time to prepare. It's raining cats and dogs out here right now. Let's only pray. Put your fingers in your hands together and pray. It doesn't rain too hard so we lose our satellite signal, which I did for about three seconds there about ten minutes ago. And I started getting real nervous because that's my only contact to be outside world is the weather channel. And the fact is going to be felt along the coast of Florida. We'll see there you go. I'm on top of it, baby. I've got my nose right on it, just in case. Or should I be watching replays of some yesterday's ball games? You think that'd be a better idea? Uh-huh. Yeah, we should be watching that. To see if they had that instant replay right. Okay. Where do you think we ought to spot the ball? Well, let me look on this big television screen and get some idea. Seriously, I've been watching sports for a long over 40 years. Okay. I have never seen anything so stupid as watching the man with a striped jersey go over there and put that headset on and looking at it and stick his head over the thing. Like it is heading to voting booth and he's watching this thing and he's going to decide where they're going to spot the ball. Only crazy people would endorse something idea like that. Crazy people. But then again, it's a ball game. Here's a mobile and peppered pine. Hello. Hey, how you doing, you're okay, sir? Yeah, right. The lady about calling your races, you know, you're cross the board on answer. That's, that's what you're proud of. Yeah, I don't like anybody, that's right. I'm out here. I'm getting a few things. I'm not going to lie. Yeah, I'm not going to lie. Yeah, I'm not going to lie. It's all over. It's probably too late to go nuts because most of us probably go on anyway. I'm not going nuts. Yesterday, I'm at a gas station. The blind is around the corner. And as you see, we're just saying people run around on date. I'm not a time of hurricane. You get out of gas again. I don't get it. Yeah. I'm going to give me a few things. I'm not going to run in body over, you know, stupid body to get a gentle water. Right. Exactly. When there's crazy, I mean, traffic is terrible. I mean, if there are real big jugs, it's worth running somebody over to get to them, but not like you're a little ordinary pedestrian jugs. Oh, yeah, I got the two. They're like, what do you spears kind of jugs that I do? What do you spears? Okay, listen, hang in there, pal. Now, I didn't say spirit chakra. I said, Brittany Spears, have a great day. See, now he's getting nervous. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T wireless line. We're rolling along, singin' a song, give away my exhibition. Hockey tickets, everybody oughta be happy about that. What a great guy I am. I got tickets that were promised to me by the way for the best employees concert, which, oh, man, you know, could you imagine the sugar plums dancing in my head yesterday? I'm watching the thing with his storm. And I'm thick and twosy and Wednesday. We got these two concerts. Wouldn't that be my luck? The concerts get rained out, canceled because of the storm? Oh, my God. I mean, life probably would go on, you know, imagine somehow it's great through. But I just can't find out, even which day these are four? Much less get the tickets in my hand. I realize that's asking a lot of sentences for like, you know, maybe either tomorrow or maybe Wednesday. And that's pretty far ahead. I can't even find out which day that they're four. See, there he goes again. You just oughta control man. You're just a bad guy. You just knattle to you. Want stuff for free. You want to know when they're four. In fact, what I should have done was give them a way these hockey tickets and not told them what day they were for. I just said, hey, here you go. Will they still have taken him? Oh, you bet. Don't care. They're not cheesy. We haven't given away anything so long on this show. They're just salivating. They'll take anything. Is it free? Yeah. Okay. We'll take it. We don't even know what it is. We'll take it. Okay. Here you go. Just stay calm. Just be like me. Stay calm. Rational level headed. Don't go off the deep end and make an ass out of yourself. Just because we got a category five hurricane sitting out there. You're going to be a big city on a map bigger than it's as big as the state of Florida. You do understand that. Not that I want you to get nervous. It's big. It is really big. I have a hairy chest. I have a hairy chest. I have a hairy chest. Real men have hairy chest. I like to watch Baywatch. I like to watch Baywatch. I like to watch Baywatch. Real men like to watch Baywatch. I like to watch Baywatch. I like to listen to Ricky Martin. What? I like to listen to Ricky Martin. Hello. Real men. I'm a real man. I'm a real man. I like to listen to Ricky Martin. Sorry, pal. I'm a real man. Beat the crap out of him. 10 30 at 5 60 WKM only an hour and a half to go to L. Marlon Gabor. Better talk fast. For what could be a catastrophic storm gets a category four. And nearly a category five on the five category staffer since in scale. Now it's looking to have a latest information on Floyd and where does located right now? Right now it is 195 miles east of San South. It is 10 winds of 155 miles per hour. Now the kicker here too is that we have wind speeds. Some wind gusts. I should say of 190 miles per hour and even greater than that. So it is top going. It's a very very potent storm. It is moving to the west at 14 miles per hour. We do have hurricane watches in effect for large part of Florida's east coast. From Flagler Beach to Hollandale. Also hurricane warnings are posted for central and north west. And again we have some tropical storm advisory. Although we are talking about Florida and the Bahamas right now. We do want to emphasize that folks up and down the east coast really need to pay attention to this storm. Our hurricane expert doctor Steve Lyons is at our expert desk. If you can tell us what we can expect from the storm this power fall. Well the category four and nine tenths is extremely dangerous. Extensive damage almost catastrophic for wind alone. But for the Bahamas island the big problem is storm surge. We can have 15 to 20 foot storm surge over some of those islands. And that can be very devastating. And a lot of loss of life can occur to you in their low lying area near where those water levels rise. Now let's look at the latest satellite imagery here and see some of these islands. And so the very close to the direction where the eye is headed toward. But also Cat Island and a Lutheran island are relatively close to the area of strongest winds. We're basically in that ring right there and inward toward the circulation center. Not in the eye itself but just on the inside of the eye. So those areas you're going to experience a very strong winds. You're going to experience 15 to 20 foot storm surge. Wave action out away from the islands in the deeper water will be tremendous. So anybody in a vessel do not venture out into the high seas by any means. Now if you look at the low scale picture here, what is it for the fort and the east coast of the United States? What do we expect? Will we expect the system to continue to move on generally a west west northwest track? And then take a little more of the northwest track and the question is, how soon will that happen? And if it happens too late it's going to be tracking right up the east coast of fort. Right now we don't anticipate that happening but we do anticipate it getting close enough to the fort A coast to produce some significant winds and possibly hurricane four swims of the coast. And very large waves are going to be on the coast no matter what happens. On the order of 10 to 15 feet and locally 20 feet at some of the more exposed beaches. So our expected damage from wind in the Bahamas very high for wind. High for waves outside the shallow water area. Surge could be very, very damaging rainfall although it's high. We don't expect a tremendous damage from rainfall because the system is moving at a decent pace. And here's our overall circulation. I want to show you the capability. If you concentrate just on the circulation center you're not going to be realistic on what you expect. The tropical storm force winds extend well out away from the circulation center. You can see them there in the yellow and the hurricane force winds up to a hundred miles away from the city. So this is a very large wind field and coupling that large wind field with the uncertainty in our projected path. You could experience a very strong winds all along the floor to coast here. And then out in time beyond that up into the Carolina. You need to be very careful because it's quite possible it takes the more eastward path and comes up toward the Carolina's through time. And then we're dealing with a landfill there. And so we have to be very, very careful there. Now the time frame here. This will be too easy. So after yesterday there were somebody, one of the weather people lamenting the fact that the Carolina's who just got hit by the last one. We're not really bad. We're supposed to feel bad about all my gut. There's a real good chance this thing could you know, you've voted a little bit to the northwest and hit the Carolina's again. Do we feel bad about that? No. No. I mean not that we wish anything bad for the people in the Carolina's. But my philosophy is better than us. You know, I mean that does that sound cool and insensitive and you know, better than us. Now here's the fact that I think races are very good question. What's more important, a, a hurricane five times the size of Andrew B or whether Tony Martin can stretch the defense, still open up the running game. Correct answer is B. We have a chance to be special. I came back for one reason and one reason only it says excellent job. Okay, excellent fact. Thank you. Time to be honest, comment down. I played a Jagged Well by When is this? You think they'll pre-empt the game tonight? No. No. No. Hey, listen. We aren't going to have to even the Marlin game man to give an information. Now, you think we're pre-empting the dolphin game? The dolphins and the Broncos? No. And you must be doing heavy drugs. Yeah, and they cut my local feed jobs. I can't pick up ABC from another place. How do you like that? Ed sucks. Listen, you know, I can't understand this Neil's little wife of me. And I've lived her all my life. We have perfectly good water that comes with a real chopper right now. Yeah. Why don't they store the water now? I don't get it. You mean, why don't they take the plastic jugs that they should have supposed to have saved from before and just store the water that they got now before it gets contaminated. In case we have a bad storm. Right. I don't get it. But anyways. No, that's a very, that's a very fairly excellent point, including a lot of us that it got filters on our water right at home. Yeah. And you have a lot of new things that you can't get to get from the water. So, it's a very successful bunch of jugs and follows up with water and sticking to the refrigerator. Excellent idea. Well, I don't know, you know what that's like. They're also telling people, well, be sure and go out and getting all these canned goods. And they're showing on some of these newscasts. Can goods that need to be cooked and they're saying, and be sure and get a non-electric can opener. Well, if the electricity goes out and you got a can opener, you're going to need a can opener. That's a manual because your electricity isn't there. What are you going to cook this stuff on? Sternel? Right. Yeah, hammer works great on these cans. And then you can just take like, you know, take like a spike in stick in there and just suck this stuff out with a straw and be good. Like Franco Americans forget it to restore his grave. Yeah, right. Another thing is my wife centered to the story of today not to get any hurricane supplies. We just needed some other stuff. Right. Fish food. And now you're talking. I should talk about your Facebook or the hurricane guy. Listen, I told you if it's not for getting fish food for me and my daughter. So she goes with her. She comes back. She's a mover and ice cream aisle and there's this guy and it's woman getting all the hurricane supplies and he's in the ice company. She goes, what the hell you doing? We can't have ice cream. It's like, what do you mean? Well, what if we lose electricity, my wife turns around and says, you eat it. Exactly. That's perfect. That's exactly what you're hoping for. Yeah, right. I mean, the mentality and you've been here for long. I've looked at all my life. And it's just, and it's like the guy called earlier. Remember last time I was in George's or whatever this one storm. People were trying to take crap back. I don't understand. It's like it's like the first thing, there's perfectly the water coming out of your cap now. Right. Neil. Hi. When I see these people, I show on a TV on the news. They show they footage of these people with just gallons and gallons and gallons of water by their shopping carts. Those people need to be put away. They're doing their dangerous. And you know what, Neil? Don't ask them to use bags. Okay. Bye. See ya. By the way, speaking of stocking up on fish, we'll run a great segue to our Ben and Jerry spot. Because that's the one thing you don't want to run out of. If you want to keep a big smile on your face, go and get fish food, get new your super floods, chunk, chunky monkey, cherry Garcia, the brand new triple caramel chunks, southern peacant pie, all the great Ben and Jerry's flavors. And so if the electric goes on, you're afraid your radio goes on a blank. No problem. Because then it's softening up automatically for you. Instead of having to pop it into microwave, which won't be a working anyway. It's like an automatic deal. It gets real soft and the ice cream too. Because I don't know about you, but in 10 there's a big storm, a big blow like that. A lot of people tend to get real soft. I mean ice cream. So make sure you stock up on your Ben and Jerry's fish food body and they're rifling your store. Like you're going through the store just taking out everything else batteries and all the lumber from the home depot and all the water and anything else that you can get your hands up. Be sure and stock up on a Ben and Jerry's too. Because that's one thing that at least keep the whole family satisfied and calm as they're hiding out of the bed during the next two or three days. Ben and Jerry's don't forget now has frozen smoothie, pints to an amazing flavors like strawberry banana man or tropical mango raspberry or renewal. Raspberry renewal all right sounds good to me. So pick up out Ben and Jerry's that you're a scoop shops over an amateur or my me beach or anywhere in town and it's all over the place. It's just your favorite supermarket. It's your gas station set your convenience store because the entire world even the Amsterdam they love it. Ben and Jerry's it's unbeatable. This is five, 60. You a.l. A fire fire. Get the Hoover out the more my. Oh my. 10. 4. 5. 60. W.A.M. You're a sports and tennis station. We just took a survey and we all agreed in the building that if they were dropping nuclear revenue to a China invades Taiwan and we go to war with China and there's a nuclear war god forbid if they were dropping hydrogen bombs if there was a gigantic mushroom cloud right where peepy stadium is right now. We'd be talking about ball games here on QA. Oh, there are baby. Or do you think that means when a Marlin come home for the homestead how about that next off at home game the first home game they're going to have to cancel that because of that mushroom cloud. No, we're just give out gas mask kind of like that. Yeah. To make sure that nobody gets too much. Bad gas at the abalgin. By the way, as much as I hate him, I cannot stand him. He makes me sick to my stomach and he opened up a big mouth again after the alas yesterday by the jets as much as he makes me nauseous and I cannot stand him. I will say this. That he played the, maybe the best game you ever played in his life yesterday as much as I despise him and a jets. I go on Patriot. You know, you're nearly nearly lost the guy didn't give anyway. But it's about a testy boarding and all those other injuries the jets had. They still almost lost the game. Here is a column. It goes to show you how desperate I am when I clip out a column by Dave Barry who to me is the most. The word overrated wouldn't even be, you know what I'm saying? That that would be an understanding. Has he ever written anything even mildly amusing in his life? Oh, but he has syndicated the international hero tribune. Newspapers around the world. They've buried. He's got to have naked pictures of every world leader who has ever been born with a, with a Billy goat. But it's just interesting how I was laid low in the red light district and he's got an article about his trip to Amsterdam, which he took his wife along. How did it move Dave? And it's pretty interesting you talk. That's not really very interesting at all to be honest with you. But it's pretty weak as you'd expect. But it just talks about how the fact that they were on the right all these bicycles and about the fact that they make a little little bill that they ring is they're coming from behind getting ready to run you over the kitchens. And when you hear kitchens that means you get to the other way. Even though they're very narrow streets and you better hop up on little or, where can he sidewalk? You better go out of the way. And at the very end he talks about how they finally found the red light district, which boys, you're about to take a lot of effort to find the red light. Just there's so many different parts to it but nevertheless. He says the Netherlands are lovely and hospitable and Amsterdam is a lively and fun city full of things to do. And then he goes on here's the only worthwhile sentence in a whole article by Dave Burie. He says in fact I'll confess that while I was there I took advantage of the permission laws and did something that called me a wild counterculture explorer. I just had to try. I'm referring to French fries with mayonnaise. My advice is just say, no, says Dave Burie. Just say, no, the French fries with mayonnaise. Even John provolta discovered that they put mayonnaise on their fries. That's right. And enough to make you a few could guts by the way. Then of course we got this something brand new. We got the older Cubans that don't want the Cuban and the musicians performing here in town again. All weekend long. I'm seeing the only the only two stories of note. I'm seeing of course about the storm which here would make sense to some of us with a brain. And then I'm seeing only in the banana republic baby. I'm seeing my amy. Yeah, this group. What is the name of the group? Low's Van Van was going to play at the night center. Another Cuban group. And they said no way Jose, baby. Because like I told you before, we've got a group of crazy people who run Dave County. They decide what magazines can be undershelved. They decide what performers what artists can come into this town. And you wonder why people like me call it a banana republic. So they conducted a pool on Saturday in the Harold. They had became public that Cuban band Lose Van Van's concert had to be cancelled. And come to find out that most Miami residents, Cubans, over 50, opposed allowing a Lose Van band to perform at the night center. While Lose under 50 support their rights to play. How do you like that? So maybe there's hope. Maybe if we could just need for it. All Cubans over 50. What do you say? Good job. Good to me. All you old Cubans. Bye bye. Adios. Gergie. Shall I see you. Well, pack him maybe a note. James and we'll, uh, horse meat. That that's going to solve all our problems. The Cubans under 50. How long have I been saying that? The younger people. I got some, some little bit of an idea about what the first amendments all about of what freedom is all about, but those old Fartsman. Everything is get down. The guys this same. We're so tired of it. We're so worn out by it. And we're also so worn out by the politicians in his town who pandered this and enabled it. the enablers. The enablers who don't have the balls to just say, to those old farts, who always make their demands and always get their way by the way, always get their way. Because if they don't get their way, they'll go out there and block traffic in, lay down in the streets. Which sounds pretty inviting by the way, another I think of it. Just let us know where you're going to do it next time. Okay, let us know where you're going to block the streets. We're going to be laying down in the streets. We'll have a convoy ready. Of 85 wheelers coming by to say, I reminert you! Remember that last scene in once upon a time in America? Where you could see James Woods zits popping out of the back of the garbage truck? Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. This is blowing, man. Let me ask you something. Does beesy read ever know the phrase we temporarily preempt us? No, no, no. No. No. I was scanning around the cable in the channel 10, and you even have that you're one of the radio partners for channel 10. You know something that is the biggest fraud. I talked to our program director about that this morning and it comes to find out that our promotions department, this is another total scam. They got a couple of like grade school kids, I guess, over there, the interns at channel 10, that maybe if we're lucky and we beg right enough and give them the right phone number. They might call us in. See, I would think that if we're in partners with channel 10 and mean something, that we would have done, oh, that would call us up because this guy is great. I love Don, or he's the one guy who's rational who really knows his stuff, who tells it exactly the way it is and you can trust him and you think that if we have some kind of an interest, who's like, you're a channel 10, he'd be the guy that we arranged to call in to give some good calm, reasonable trust worthy advice as opposed to a bunch of elementary school kids. As far as you said with a nuclear war, does this QA even have an AP or a UPR? No. We not only don't have a news wire, we don't have a weather wire. No. I think you're right. We don't, we don't even have a weather wire. No. From our other three or four stations that they own, is there a news director anywhere that can come in every twin? It's a big thing. Well, well, when you say the other station that they own, the station that's carrying us over and four miles, there's there's some young guy who's sitting there running the board right now. I assume unless he's not taking a dump. And there's nobody, there's no staff. It's a joke. There's nobody on set. There's no news person. There's no sports person. There's no weather person. There's no, no, no, no person. And in the same score, remember that song? I ain't got no body. That's the beastly redeemed song. We ain't got nobody because that's the cheap way to do it. You can't read the same sports course from yesterday every 20 minutes. Why are they just, you know, I mean, hey, let me give you a little, let me give you this to two on. Since I'm told by our program director that just by coincidence this morning, we actually started news updates at 789 M, which I didn't hear and don't know anything about. Although, they don't even bother telling those of us who work here. I guess they wanted to spring it on us like a big surprise. But let me ask you this, you know, they insist in updates that we keep doing with the same score that we've heard a million times there. How about taking that during a time of emergency, like a nuclear war, like our hurricane, a category five that's sitting out there, you know, just a few hundred miles away and taking those updates and instead of putting the same stupid scores on there that everybody knows giving an update on something that a person with an IQ larger than their thumbnail might be concerned about. What a concept, huh? At least the coordinates of the hurricane change every almost hour. At least it'd be something better than the same here. He's 11 am, here. 11 am coordinates 24.11 north 72.11 west. Okay. That's 11 am, which I just gave you eight minutes early off the weather challenge. I'm for nothing. Does QAM even do EBS test anymore? What's that? Go down to the next one. And yeah, one will grow a little bit of this question. You'll get fresh now, man. You got a good one. I got a good one before you go. That was everybody believes in God. Yes, especially Neil God. Uh-huh. Everybody believes in God from hell, they'll have to flag a beach. Which places God gonna pick on? Oh, and by the way, speaking of that yesterday morning, for Sunday morning, you got your choice of 2000 religious to crazy programs. I'm channel surfing and they got some lunatic on one of the channel 7 programs. And must have been Dr. Kennedy because they're the craziest of them all. And they're talking about the fact that the reason here these two kids, if they're in little in Colorado, a column by high school. And the reason that only such a small number of people got shot and killed is got to be because of all the prayer that was being done. That's how with that girl said, it was shot and the head. She's fast. She believed in God. She said, yes. Yeah. Well, she must not have had time to play. Oh, the storm. We have some requests. Some jam for ram, uh, phrases and honor of the storm. Okay. Thank you. See, I guess he must be getting the program. Which of course are all time favorite? What is our all time favorite? Where is it? Gordon gets south Florida, a major blow job. There you go. And what about their hurricane cliff Lloyd? That might just do the same thing. Five, six, seven. Oh, all the one thing it'll be on time. Not two minutes late like Cliff Lloyd. Which I don't want to go into that because that just goes to sure what a moron John bulls is. Oh, and speaking of that. Yes, today I'm watching a little bit of that panther weekly. That's within A and they're doing the thing from Saturday from the hockey fest. So naturally, I can't take too much of that, especially with these potpain came on there and went for the fifth time. And by the way, Bill Tory, don't wear polo shirts. Okay. That guy's aren't supposed to wear polo shirts. He had boobs bigger than Britney Spears. I was getting erotic flashes from watching Bill Tory with those gigantic boobs. That guy's don't wear polo shirts. God. That would be like not coming to work in a t-shirt, you know. Oh. So anyway, I'm channel surfing. I flip over to a whammy. I'm as I'm flipping across the channels and believe me, it really stops in that spot. And I see fat fat. I mean bigger than B. Fo. J. Randolph. You know, the old hack J. Randolph. Uh-huh. Did the play by play that they had there for about 30 seconds to leave realized he was an old hack. Sucking up to John Henry. I have never in my life. Even Larry King would have been embarrassed. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Oh, about well, when are you going to have your next announcement on the site to the stadium? And we know it's going to be great. And we say all the great things you do in the community. I'm going to tell you, John Henry, he could be the most boring man in history mankind. He makes I'm his look alive. But have you ever seen John Henry's got the one I kind of like closed the ways about 70 pounds soaking wet and his sister like staring straight ahead mumbling, you know, well, we are going to car start eliminating sites, you know, and it's like a ventriloquist. Like his lips aren't even moving this guy. And here is Jay Randolph. You talk about sucking sounds. My god. I'm sitting there looking at the set and I'm watching this performance and I'm screaming as loud as I can into my TV set. And I'll put it so I can change this. God Almighty, talk about obscene and indescent. My skull and Jay Randolph, you old hack. See, that's the way it is when you're on a pair of, you know, you have to suck John Henry's butt. I mean, heavy duty. They must have to give him mouth to mouth or mouth to, uh, back to that performance. God, a herniatic suck job by Jay Randolph. And it was good for something. 1056 at 560 W. K. W. M. I got the S. U. V. The U. Been saving all your pennies for. The S. U. V. It makes you the M. V. If you're an entire neighborhood, it's the S. U. V. The puts you above the rest of the traffic and beyond the rules of the road. The S. U. V. It's some kid is sitting on the parking lot, walking up and right now. But he wouldn't be if you had no jack. The world's first anti self-fledging device installed right in your car. Don't let him wax. Still no jack in your car today. Okay. Thank you. It's a lot of the clock at 560 W. K. We're just at our way from the pregame. The marlins at the red. Oh, we got game. That games up the yesterday, baby. Just because the sky is falling. I'm sorry. Sorry. Is no reason to take it on us. Okay. Now let's take our good friend Tom Hopkins here who realized that what it was all about. How are you doing, Tom? Very well, sir. Did you call to be a part of our news department here? Our vast news organization. Sure. Actually, I didn't. What I call for is I happen to be listening to you when I was on my way over to the grocery store and the wait a minute. On the way over to grocery store to get one. Well, I needed to get wine. I often. Well, no, I needed dog food and some wine and I needed charcoal so I can cook tonight and right. All right. That's all. See, I go to the grocery store to get dog food and that. So at a time goes to the grocery store to get dog food and wine. There you go. It's in the next counter. Well, anyway, um, I couldn't find a cart because a lot of people were using two carts. They were using two carts because they're stuck in up on water and batteries. There's many what this is a commercial and and the public's the commercial and university. And the water's gone. It's all gone. And I said, oh, I said to the clerk when I checked out, I said, you know, I thought you guys had rules for hoarding. You couldn't do that. Right. The sale item, the same thing. Yeah. I said, every time we make a rule, they go out to the parking lot and come back and said, no, that wasn't me. They said, and their twin brother and sister. Well, I'm going down to my wind deck me down the street. It's all black people and they're really looks. I mean, it's just another day at the factory to them. Uh-huh. It's good. Thank you. I know for the brothers and sisters. Well, I mean, but they don't this water down there. Even getting a couple of. Yeah. But I, but I do hear they're buying up the grandma boom. You'll fast see you better. You know, I'm obsessed with that. I got some stiff competition today. But I was for me, it was a matter of just the spissions confirmed. And I thought I just never was glorious days when we had entertainment combined with a real news department time at the old WI. Oh, the member of those days, I'm sure you do. I mission dearly accepted that I've been with UPI for the last two years and they just went out of business. Yeah. And so I'm also good thing we don't have a UPI wire here. We'd be we'd be without a wire service. No, we'd be quite frankly we're still with other wire service. Well, we're still hanging on by our fingertips, but it's just servicing a few clients. So I've been one of the 47 people nationwide. They cut loose. Not just saying a song, just to say that it's pretty scary when when a lot of radio stations because we were less expensive, it depends on it. Now they have a zip-o. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, same old crap. But I was tickled by what you were saying and I just thought I'd add my two cents and kill a couple of minutes before I can turn on the reds game. All right, God bless you man. I stay at a 12. See you Tom. All right, God. There's a great time Hopkins, baby. A real news guy. How do you like that? Oh, you old IOD days when we had Chuck Meyer and Tom Hopkins and little Jennifer and a whole bunch of real news people sitting in there. When we were talking to people who, you know, I mean, our lives weren't surrounded by news events all the time, but when something was happening in the world that somebody wanted to know about, like, the Gulf War, like Hurricane Andrew, like things like that. We actually had people like it sit there and then tell us what we talked about it as opposed to going like a bite me. Yeah, like that. That was good. That was an excellent accident. Yeah. Well, what I had in mind, but that was worked out great. Do you retound my fingers slips on it, uh, turns out to be a real obonus. Five, six, seven. I'm talking extra fast if it sounds like it this morning because we're sure on time. Back and time in here, we're going to close this first to Miami. Sometimes Tuesday afternoon, then mid through the coast, Wednesday afternoon, and then on up the coast. Now, those of you in the care lie is the pay special attention to the system. Yeah, those really care a lot of the people are doing. In order for the does, you'll be under the gun next. So you're paying special attention to that thing to be right now. Yeah. And I'll let's get back to the studio. Okay. Thank you. So there you go. There's no change. You know, like I said, it's starting to move a little bit more. Thank God. Thank. Oh, God. A little bit more north of do West. Not exactly, you know, north West, but a little bit more north. And then, of course, that great Canadian air. Thank God for those Canadian to blow hard, baby. That Canadian air is going to come in and deflect it just enough. Hopefully to move it right up the coast and bang into those care lieens again. Who teach those bad dudes with the thing or two, huh? Keep them on their toast. And I know what the risk of being in sensitive and maybe maybe that air will be enough. I have my doubts, but maybe it'll be enough to send it back out and make it right turn and out to see in the just maybe just barely do a little number on the coast of the care lieens. You don't say, maybe miss it all together. Is the way we look at it? As teams around standby in case shelters need to open as fluid continues to move in the Atlantic. Now, let's go to Bob Child for the latest on the Northeast. No, no, we don't care about the Northeast. Anybody care about the Northeast? No, we just care about us. You know, after the fact just like after Hurricane Andrew, we had a lot of help from all over the country, a lot of nice people, a lot of people from up and Broward went down to South India. After the fact we'd like to be helpful, but right now it's kind of like us against them. We would like to help them out later. We don't want to be the way around. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yeah, what's up, you know, I want to answer. I was listening to the rookie sessions this morning. Here's talking about the hurricane cones. They might they might destroy it. They might kill their dogs wherever for food. I mean, those guys are sick, man. I mean, I don't know, but that mean, I like this one that we're better than the worst. I'll tell you that much. Yeah. But I mean, I just want to chime in with that comment and say, how about if we just chop up Rick for food? That's an all-oh, no, not for I wouldn't have any. Yeah, and let's go over to all. And let's go over again. And I'll see you there. Okay. Yeah, there you go. In fact, you know something like I'm glad this guy mentioned that because that proves that something I've been telling you for a long time is true. All right, okay. In blow. And that's to the problem we're faced with right now. Right as we speak, huh? It's a damn good thing. This is your hurricane station, by the way. How do you like that, huh? So you QAM, your hurricane station. All right, okay. In blow hard. Just in time, boy, that Mark Van Dimmer, he's good. Thank God we got him to do those blog games. He's excellent. People are telling me all over the place, boy, he actually got a real good broadcast around there. Not like that. Moron that he had doing the hockey games for the last six years. We got rid of him. We got the great jigs and McDonald on here now. He's a good guy. Little old, but no, he's a good guy. You know, right, jigs, you're okay in my book. You're a little old and funny, buddy. And that word hack keeps coming to mind. But he's a good guy. We like him. And especially replacing Chris more, we like anybody. You know, it's like, uh, hey, it's only can get better. Here's Boca. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. I have a report from Boca, I'm put it going on up here. Okay. You wouldn't believe it. I'm over a Costco and there's all the old Delray Jews trying to get water in their carts and they can't pick up the box of water. What would seem to me that they'd be buying Logan David instead? And then I was over at home, depot couldn't even get inside. There's just like 50 people in the lines trying to get everything off the shelves. It's total mayhem. I come to leave a thank God that people don't overreact. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's why the people are very rational. You know, as of yesterday as of last evening on the weather channel as opposed to a lot of our hysterical local people, but on the weather channel, we're saying our and even from the National Hurricane Center, our best advice is right now don't do anything. Start thinking about preliminary preparations. Maybe start getting the initial storm shutters out and getting prepared to put them up. But right now, just keep watching is what we were saying and of course, people are going nuts. Well, hey, I think all those old Cubans over 50, they should have a protest on how about Wednesday afternoon. Yeah, perfect. And then clothing? Yes, sir. Floyd gives out Florida a major blow job. All right. That's Cliff Lloyd. Oh, no, we shouldn't we don't want to say that because they might have another Brian Cox situation in our hands for a bit about that. That's right. Don't want we don't want that. Do we know? No, because we got to concentrate all our efforts on an FCC thing. You know what I'm saying? Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18th, he wore this long. We got to boy, 40, you 50, do a few minutes left. And we got to Marlin Pregame show them. I've said about that. Oh, no, this is one of those days that I'm thrilled could not go home and put up my storm shutters. I can get about four or five of us. See, I don't have to worry about bottled water. Thank you, South Alconey. For all that solely water. I got bottled water up the dome. That's right. And that's the way to do it. What's wrong with always having some good bottle water on hand? What is it had to be during some kind of an emergency? In addition to which, I hate to break the news to you. But if you had a whole bunch of bottles soda to auction to say that, ah, I could have had idea. I need diet soda. Even though I'm not drinking that stuff anymore. Am I drinking it? Oh, yeah, I'm still drinking it. See, guess what the diet soda and the regular soda? Guess what it's all made out of? Oh, you shouldn't have said that. Yeah, what is the magical thing? Can you explain this to me? Why is it that people who don't drink bottled water in the first place? Okay? Now listen, I realize this is a very tough question. Why is it that those people when there's a storm as opposed to drinking soda or what they usually would drink? And you know, maybe warm soda is not appetizing, but warm water right appetizing, either, okay? Assuming there's not going to be any powerful ice cubes, etc. Or refrigerators. I'm sorry, I'm making a little bit too much sense even for myself right now. Wouldn't your rather have like soda on hand that just water? Doesn't that make sense to you? Yeah. Oh, what a concept. No, we're going to hand those drugs of bottled water. Why? Well, I don't know because somebody told us to go get bottled water. But the soda is making up of water. All of it is water with a bunch of really tasty crap in it. Oh, no, that's not a good enough. What if you want to boil some pasta on your sturdistose? Haven't you ever had pasta with the diet doctor, picker? Oh, man, that's fine. 1109 at 5.60 WQM here. Okay, go! Dear nutritional is here birthday soon. Bottom top, dimmers, the beer goes down the shoes. F***! It's in the chorus here on Willard work. Ball Finch looks like such a jerk. Jim Brad's the apple pie. He goes to the... Workwork's the short work? He's one row seen after another. Here we go, you beast dimmers, mother. He makes me dream. He's been with the drop in bed. All I can believe in now is dream. It's 95 percent of things. Maybe you will wonder why. It's made us fall in half of a pie. It comes on my head. No way. It's your American pie. It's a 10th movie second. He's here with not be alive. The one 18th party after the prom. All the kiffing this movie is the bomb. We pull Friday. We get in the cold and time. It's 115 at 5.60. WCM the Panthers first exhibition is game. By the way, the scene is over in Fort Myers tomorrow. Again, Caroline and her coons. How do you like that? All right, okay. B o o. Well, that's beside the point. And then of course, the home game against the bronze on this Friday 17th, which I already gave my tickets away for. And then the other exhibition game against Tampa next Tuesday against the lightning, which I already also gave my tickets away for. But there you go. There you are. Won't be long now before we can get into a real sport with real men. And not all this other candy S. Crap that's going on. Like baseball coming up at noon. By the way, just 44 minutes away. 5.670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Pembroke pie. Hello. Hey, what's up, my nigga? Yes, sir. I think that's the national car rental center. Last week, a friend of mine owned the suite there. So I went with them. They had a sweet tasting party. It was for the for the major sweet holders. It was two separate days. And they had everything from primary to roasted turkey to every dessert desirable. It was a buffet style lavish buffet. So they went through the talking the public speaking. They had a jigsim, Donald come out. Great guy. Then they had a director of the whole operations. He reen in the head chef and this and that. And the speech Jeff Remer gets up and he starts talking. Doing his little speel. Then he goes, all right, everybody, let's eat. I thought it was a hypothetical question. He went right over to the buffet. Oh yeah. He was the first one in line, Neil. The first one. And let me just explain each other. I asked him how the panthers looked in the practice the other days. They stuck anyway. They averaged sweet. The guy was telling me in front of my, they pay about 170 grand for each. And that's not including the food bill. Right. And he's the first one in line. They have these big, you know, guys coming in and, you know, and he's the first one. I couldn't believe it. It was really big in a remor. Remer and his lovely wife came over to my house yesterday to bring me my hockey tickets. Which he somehow intercepted from a steve danger field over there. But that was nice to take you all the way down from cross brings him. I have to bring him a hockey tickets and parking passes. So they brought along their new two and a half ounce little dog. It's like a little black. It's like a little thing. Okay. It's like a little peaky. It doesn't even has no face. It has no idea the pineapple features. In fact, I need to make sure it wasn't dog. It's separate the fact that I was holding it for a couple of minutes. While both of my dogs were trying to with that kid. You felt the heartbeat. No, it's peed on my shirt. Oh, no. Yeah. Yeah. You should have kicked that dog. But I was saying, oh, no, it's just for me. No, it didn't film. It seemed like people. It's not, you know, and no, it was not for me. No, it was the dog peed on me. Hey, I call somebody these for actually two people. Yes, sir. Rich Pean and every eldest and person. Thank you. No, it's you. Yeah, we hate Rich Peel on Pylon. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 20 of open lines. You got 42 minutes to get through today. Let's hear some psychotic stories about how your neighbors are behaving at the supermarket and the convenience store and then the other place where they can get water. Let me see. You don't really need water. Okay. Why is it that I'm such a logical thinker? You know, I think of all of these things that makes so much sense that even a child could or mouth, but the adults, the supposed adults out there are also much smarter than me, of course. They're just a bunch of robots. Oh yeah, you gotta go get it. And you don't certainly, God forbid you should buy a bottle of water like you know, like Evian or those that come into plastic, those tall fin. Oh no, don't do that. You gotta get the jugs, you know? You gotta get the jug. And you know the one thing about the plastic jugs, I don't want to get you nervous. But the plastic jugs that have the real thick plastic, you know, that are loaded with chemicals, the chemical's safe into the water. Okay. So the idea that you're gonna be drinking that for several days or they're saying up to a couple of weeks if we had a real bad if we should get it directed from a like this hurricane. The idea that you would be drinking two weeks worth of water where it has leached the chemicals out of the plastic and those containers is not too appetizing to me. I'll stick with my diet soda, thank you. Take my chances with that ass, we're tank. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's Carl Springs, hello. Yeah, hi Neil. Yes sir. We have to yesterday, I didn't know they would do any other sporting events that were ever gonna happen other than football. Yeah. I don't care about any sports personally. Okay. But you know, as far as this hurricane might my mother lives in a condoled way, they can't put up shutters. But she has a can opener. You know, she's prepared. Well, it's always better to have your can opener than your shutters. I guess so. I asked the where is she going? She had their 75 years old. They have enough water and supplies to fill to feed you know, a small third world country. Oh. And I asked, you know, you realize a hurricane comes through and everything is destroyed. You're gonna be living in a tent. She goes, oh no, nothing's gonna happen here. You're where does she live? In Kings Point, in the Tamarack. Oh, in Tamarack, nothing's gonna happen here. Nothing's gonna happen. Oh, yes, sure. But they got all so I said, well, nothing's gonna happen. Why do you need to hold supplies? Well, the lights might be out. That's like a day. Right. So why don't we need 19 cans of tuna fish? It's two elderly people. Because when the lights go out, and when you're that old, what else you're going to do besides it, about a tuna fish? No, he can't do anything else. With that can opener. Yeah. They're prepared. OK, thanks for the good news. I know. See you Kings Point, not. Oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T while I was flying, we're getting some updates from Don. No. That great agreement we got with Channel 10. Oh, man, why is it that if one thing we're consistent, everything that we find out about this place is bogus. Air via agreement we got, every trade, every deal. Everything we got is bogus. It's, it's, it's, airzots. You know, how's that news wire coming? Uh-oh. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T while I was flying, here's Halandale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Can you send it to my wife? What is this? I need to send it to my wife. Why, why? Why, why does she side-coddkabah? It's, what we do if it's a category five, you know, be sure there's an actual one for you. It's a category five. It is a category five. We're like one mile away from being it. Well, it's, it's, it's now you're going to hit us directly. Probably not. If we're going to get top of a force, we're very, no, it's going to be really, really in the nasty and bluster readamorrow and into Wednesday, but it looks like we're going to catch a break. Yeah, we'll, it will be OK. Now she's going not to watch a little bit of the Andrew thing last night on TLC. You live over on the beach? I don't know. We're like, oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, I'm quite a way. Thanks so much to MSNBC for showing the Hurricane Andrew thing about five times in the last four or five days now to get everybody really whipped up into a frenzy. That was really good timing. Thank you. Of course. And while that was back instruction in Trauma Park. Right. That's right. I did ask George, but you don't have the till-hundred bit when you still have it. Land up, upsetting people down here, picking on those guns where we're whimmed after Andrew. No. That's long gone, unfortunately. Just like Phil. Yeah, we'll see if he gets syndicated. He is getting syndicated. We'll see if I haven't heard one more word about him being picked up here. That's it. Bring one. Where are you going to put him at? And I'm going to put him on QA. Yeah, no. Now we got too many ball games. And I'm going to put him on the board. He's going to put him on the board. He's going to put him on the odds on too many, too many illegal betting events. And also too much. Where you got left? 610 and 790? Are you sure? Yeah. OK, pal. OK. Hang in there. OK, let's get some doggy downers for the crazy women out there. OK, the ones that are going OK. OK. OK. OK. OK. Like that? 567, just relax. OK. The world is not coming to an end. It is a big, moderate, revistore. Let me say again, it is four to five times the size of Hurricane Andrew. In fact, here's our boy, Maul Prower, from becoming a Puerto Rico R5. One mile on our way from the pedagraph. Our Lord is in a way coming up at the bottom of the hour. Yeah. As we take you to the next seven days, this is the trauma. No, we don't care about the next seven days. So at the bottom of the hour, don't let me forget. He's going to do what they're going to do. Another thing. And it'll be the same as it was at the top of the hour. 567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where I was lying on the E36 minutes away from the Marlins and the Red. The Romans who have been outscored 170, 2 to 85, and he's last three games in a series. Give it another shot today. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, you. The jet fans are on the rampage at the Bokeh home depot. They're so pissed over Vinny. Yeah, I mean, they're even worse than usual. Let me ask you, when they show the game tonight, the game that actually matters, the dolphin game, the channel 10, do you think that they'll be like cutting out half the screen with Hurricane update? I'm your and Kia. From the moment that bad things starts, there will be a crawl on there, the Lexa which you haven't seen. Believe me, I'll tell you. So the bottom, the bottom, we'll be cut off with a crawl. The side will have an up to date tracking map. Right. And then in the left southwest corner of the screen, we'll have a lot of numbers. Just be glad that they didn't on channel 4 because Brian Norcross would be on the left side of the screen blowing in the end, you'd actually need good. Time to go ahead. And then we'll have Brian Grease here on touchdowns and just what's left, I guess. Good, yeah. One other question, how come that, you know, that's Boka Brian, I mean, so he's so clever and I mean, how come we haven't heard living La Vita Boka yet? La Vita Boka? Yeah. Okay, who work on it? All right. Have a great day. As soon as he grows his hair back, he'll work on that. Okay, 600 open lines here, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, p, 5, 50, out of 18, T, wireless line. It's good knowing that the entire community, just like the old days in IOD when the entire community would be focused in, like if there was any major event going on. Anywhere in the world, like I said, whether it was the Gulf War, Hurricane Andrew, whatever was, there were all focused right in us and we knew we were speaking of this gigantic audience. So, then I have the feeling like, you know, I could have stayed home and talked to my two dogs and even that little thing that the rumors brought, the little rat that they brought that peed on me yesterday, I could be talking about them and have probably just about the same size audience. Not that I would criticize anybody because if it were me, I would be listening here either. Here's Hialia. Anywhere, how's it going? Okay, sir. Did you have the catch? Channel 7 News. This was on Saturday. They showed one guy, body, enough, down in South Bay. And then CNN, okay, CNN carried this all throughout yesterday. So, this guy must feel like the biggest jerk asshole all over the country. Yeah. Since Saturday, he was body, no. Anyway, the sky is falling. Okay, thank you. Thank you for making it into our pal. Now we got to do a break because we got the ball game coming up. 26 after 11 at 560 WQM, today Robert's from WinkTV and four Myers, leave it to our friends of Rhino West Coast to tell us what's going on. I can't believe that Don knows leaving you hanging like this. What is Don? No. Anyway, you know. Exactly. That's what I've been asking for. That's what I've been asking for. That's what I've been asking for. That's what I've been asking for. That's what I've been asking for. That we have with Channel 10, this phony baloney thing that we have going. Actually, all of a sudden. Yeah. But I'll tell you, are you guys getting a little nervous over there? No. Okay, no. I'm not. Just to be concerned, I mean, it would have to continue going exactly straight west and get no push from this low at all to impact you in any way really. Right. And we think it's going to start curving north later today or tonight. It's right now 500 miles to your southeast. Right. You might be able to see it actually if you look at your window. Well, I can see it right now on the weather channel. Let's call. Exactly. But let me ask you this. I mean, obviously, you can't get me an exact time. It can be a ballpark window of what times we can start hoping for this to start moving northwest. So we're thinking by late this afternoon, and hopefully by five o'clock. See, it's still in a position where if it keeps going west tonight, we're going to have a big problem. But then it's going to come way too close to our area. It's 500 miles across. Right. So it's one of the largest hurricanes we've seen in years. And that's a big danger because even the behind hasn't come close to South Florida. Still, if we're two, three hundred miles from the center, we're going to feel the effects from it. So we're hoping that it starts making that north. We're pushed this afternoon or tonight. As long as that happens, it's a big problem for north Florida, but not for South Florida. Well, like I said, better than the Nuskers, the canter is anyway. Yeah. So who cares? Okay. Thanks, Dave. Hey, can I give a shameless plug? Absolutely. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. We can. Twenty eight before Marlin baseball. We got the Marlin game today, man. The Albatross hanging around our next like a big, gigantic Nusk. Even a hangman never saw a Nusk like we got what he's Marlin games. Five six seven. We got plenty of open lines by the way. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line. We're in the notice we have hurricane watches up. They've been extended to Burnswood Georgia and down to Florida City and that includes Dave County. That's with the anticipated. Oh, the legislation will move to the north of the area, but not impacted, but they're hurricane force winds could potentially impact the coastline and you can see him here as they come along the coast. So say bye. The weather channel will get the latest done all of information. Thank you so much for following around there at the end. And the by the way, what about my satellite dish? Cause I remember back during Andrew I had to have the satellite come and take the big dish down. I'm wondering, anybody got any advice on the satellite? Oh, okay. I'm sorry. Christine Van Blockland. Yeah, we should come in here and take a look at the way that that thing reads. What mind doesn't look as good as yours does. If I had a magnifying glass, I couldn't read it. Hey Christine, what's going on? Hey there, you still there? I'm here. I'm hearing lots of pops and whistles that I'm here. Well, that's our phone system. And what was just before they went out of business? I think it was our crack phone over here. Could be. Alrighty. You're a crack phone at Channel 10. I met crack is in the perfectly working order at all times. I see, because we got some good phone numbers just in case. I bet. Okay. What have you got for us that Dave Verabberts and a West Coast didn't just tell us? Okay. Again, did he just give you the 11 o'clock advice? You're all going to repeat everything if you'd like. Please do. Hurricane Watson. The newest news is that Miami-Daked County is now under Hurricane Watch as well. And in fact, it's making easier, of course, it goes for Broward as well. Monroe County is not in fact so far. So good for folks in the keys. Nothing to worry about there. The watch is now pretending up to the entire East Coast from Miami-Dade all the way up to the Florida Georgia border. Now, the good news about all this is that Jerry Harrell at the hurricane center has been saying all along, he's mainly doing this just to kind of keep everybody on alert. So go ahead and get home and get all your preparations taken care of. It is not being called because there's a huge change in the forecast track by any means. Anyways, in fact, we're expecting it to still go east of us, scoot up the coast and unfortunately, the bad news again for folks in the care line on this. Right. Um, I couldn't use this. That's good. All right. You want the boring stuff? A lot of two lines. I just want to go ahead. Please. A mental children good time. There you go. There you go. Okay. For all of you keeping notes at home, you're as a coordinator. You can also course call our weather phone and we have it updated all the time. A lot of food and longitude as of 11 o'clock, 24.1 north, 72.1 west. That is about 525 miles east out east of Miami. Maximum sustain winds still 155, which makes it a really strong category for that. It's not changed throughout the morning. Of course, it's a borderline category five, one more mile and then big old category five. Movement has not changed. Still drifting towards the west around 14 miles an hour. Still expected to make that turn, although it's been watching or being attention. It's really going to make that turn maybe a little bit later. What we thought, but still going to make that turn. The bad news, this is the important part. It's been just so big. The hurricane force winds extend outward of 105 miles. So if it gets within 100 miles for coastline, we can fill those winds. If we don't fill that, almost definitely tonight on in two tomorrow, we'll fill the tropical storm force winds, those extend out further of course. And that means anywhere from around 42 up to 73 74 miles an hour. We're going to get some winds around here until I've got for sure. And rain. And rain. Okay, thanks Christine. You're welcome. We'll let bed it down. All right. See you. We're kind of crack problem. Christine Van Bloclin, there you go. And by the way, give done. No. Okay, thank God for him. For being one guy that doesn't hyperventilate and does get his difficult and doesn't, is not irresponsible. I don't want to mention a name, but we have a few hyperventilating weather people in his town as you probably know from experience. If you live here more than five minutes, a few people like it. Just a little bit carried away. 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, I was going. Okay, sir. Listen, I just wanted to say that down here is one of your right. People got really good tap water compared to some parts of the United States. You know, I don't see why they just don't fill up, you know, like they've rather probably used to say, two up your tub with water was the thing. Yeah, plenty to drink, you know what I mean? I don't know. Unless you got a lot of hearing your tub, but anyway. But anyway, listen and closing. I just want to say a big ah, ah, there's New York, Jet, Sucko, Squads. Okay. And thanks for wherever you just said. He said back to the jets. 5 6705 60. You see, I think there's several ways to look at that yesterday because I didn't watch the whole game. Of course, I do like the Patriots and was rooting for them desperately. But the fact is that even after testing, boarding all of the other injuries, the jets still almost won the game, which has got a well-gift pause. Especially when Tommy Tubah comes in there and throws a touchdown pass on his first pass he thrown at about 50 years, but nevertheless, I just mentioned them passing. 5 6705 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T Wireless line 23 before the Marlin game baby. Wow. It's kind of like we're running through an obstacle course here today, you know. If anybody with a brain will be listening anyway to this radio station at a time of maybe local emergency, and then we got a Marlin game that we're backing up against too. Oh man. But guess what, just like they said, we shall overcome and we're doing it. I've only got 22 minutes to kill. America loves to watch boobs and butts and boiking. For you n speculate you're a sideline. What you're trying to understand, what you tell the girl you need. What does that say? And I think that's right. Because I've got nice people, they have a way. That would be free later than I need as a beat. Because I'm a seven-in-guide. I don't know what they're saying. And I'm a seven-in-guide. But if a lot's made with those one-in-plus me, I'm a seven-in-guide. Seven-in-guide. Seven-in-guide. Seven-in-guide. I think, although in the 550 WQM, we got to don't forget, Hankled me on briefly in between bold games. Okay, it's kind of a Hankled version, which the Marlon game will be the slice on top. And the dolphin hours and hours and hours and hours, and in termin' a bold amount of dolphin stuff, starting at five to seven-in-plus. So Hankled me on somewhere between the bold games. Here's a crawl spring, shall I? I don't know. Okay, sir. Listen, I want to just run over to our SAMS Club over to our crawl spring. Yeah. And they have the police. I'm not kidding. They have the police in the parking lot. Black, in order. Yeah. People are panicking. I mean, because it's utter chaos. They're out of water completely. People are screaming. They've got water at the SAMS Club at plantation. And people are getting in their cars and just throwing us out of there. It's unbelievable. Can I ask you a question? I mean, if I be only person that has thought about this, that you could drink soda and it would be. It's also like water. Absolutely. You know, I think all my water jugs from the last scare, and I'm just filling them up from the tap. That makes too much sense. Anyway, I wanted to know if you knew we had a new door park in coral springs. A new one? A doorkeeper park? A doorkeeper park, but they've now made it. They've now made it a legal legal for one dog to buy another dog. It's a $5 fine. Thank God for that. And it's also a legal to pee on your neighbor's shirt. And the city attorney who was there. The city attorney who was enforcing the, the ordinance. His name is D. Doodee. Okay. Okay. Thanks, everyone. Thank you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. I was lying 17 minutes until he had a big ball game. Glory 5 hurricane. Not even every 2 decades. Yeah. But now we've got one of the more important events in the history of the meteorology. And the history of the human race. We've got ball games. We've got ball games. That's the old. We don't shoot with your. Your air carrier before you make any plan. By the way, those poor bastards. And when I don't know those cruise ships. You know what? They had a PC yesterday. So you know what I think about cruise ships. Okay. For losers for suckers for idiots. And that's one of the many, many reasons I can think of. It's because you get out there on the open seas. And while they were going to lose all their money. Some people have paid up to four or five grand. And they figured, well, what the hell, baby? I don't want to lose all that money. I'm going to hop on that baby anyway in a cruise ship too. And they're out there somewhere. Just like Paulie and the godfather. Once you hit no more. Remember that. Yeah. They're jamming it. So good luck to them, huh? They'll need it. Another reason to stay off those cruise ships. Oh, sorry, Mickey. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'm getting blown over here by the storm. I'm rich. Yeah. People are going. I went to win big sea last night. There are people like. Oh, for water. For this. I walked down the candy aisle. I picked up a bag of smarties. I picked up some receipts. I got some water to wash that down with. Or maybe some soda would be good. How about die of coke? Uh-huh. I picked up a couple of 12 packs of die of coke. I picked up a 12 pack of condoms. So I don't want my wife to put the power goes out. And these people are running around like it's absolute chaos. Four and five deep at the gas station. Oh, people are absolutely at the car. They're crazy people. If anybody had any doubts, all I have to do every time we have one of these deals. Just look at the behavior of these people. And then they're telling people by the way to go to the ATMs and take out lots and lots of money. I mean, what, what, how much money are they going to need? Oh, a couple of thousands. Right. For what? What are you going to use money for? What is it? What, what, what do you need the money? In addition to which if the stores are all going to be closed anyway, because the electros going to be out and they're all going to be out of all the merchandise you need anyway. So what are you going to, like you said, what are you going to do with the money? Yeah, maybe play a little poker with Homer something. Maybe play a little monopoly. Like you said, stay home and poker. Well, listen, more one more thing, please before the big ball game. Please, play that telemundo lady about two or three times in a row. The telemundo lady? The one who is screaming to, I, I, I, I. Oh, you mean that one? I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I. Okay, see you. What was that? Was that beeping on his phone? No, that's on his end. That was not on his phone. It must be the, uh, fax machine. But don't worry about it now since we only have 14 nuts and 31 second for whose county? Five, six, seven, five, sixty. In fact, I kind of like the sound of that beep. It makes it sound like there's something, I am pending doom. Something going to happen, you know? Well, I almost make it. Be feel like we have to touch with the outer world, even though I know we don't. Here's a lady in Miami Springs, hello. Meal. Yes, you're the best. Listen, six foot black sister, articulate. Okay. Love you. And guess what? Okay. I went to the market. It was, I'm from St. Louis. Right. Absolutely a zoo. These people down here are clueless. Okay. I'm going. I'm going. Okay. Good luck. Okay. See, I was actually after work because we have the short shot. I was going to go to publics and because there's something that had nothing to do with the storm. But just some things that I need. Am I going to go now? No. I don't think so. I don't think so. To that we don't have that Torah. To work we need that. Five. Tell them we have. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. Five six. On the eight. Oh, that wasn't his anyway. That was a renewer thing. Remember? That wasn't theirs. That was of course they would probably steal it like they did the book. That was a renewer thing. I don't think so. That was from your good friend Roger Magalon. Try to steal your job. I don't. Roger. Five six. Seven. Five six. Five six. Five six.z.phon. expenditures.bon. The county. Also under mental health like a crank in George swears that I call every day. You know, and then, you know, I hate this probably thinks you were a weekend. You know, he's got this. He's hostile toward Puerto Ricans. You know, I'm Cuban and I, and I call him maybe once a week, you know, and I love your show in George as a great job and that go with the hurricane, man. Tom, the stop in the professional ethnic. Can I have a great day, sir? You too, man. I love there too, you see. Yeah, stop picking on those Cubans. We're, yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, you know, start picking on some white people. And pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. You know, I wish. Here's a mobile in hell and Dale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, just want to say don't drink that tap water. You ever go to that water treatment plan? Hello, did I ever go there? You don't want to. Uh-huh. You know, the water goes to the water. Don't you? Don't you? You're fucked and that's what you're drinking. Uh-huh, but don't you know that there are a lot of people who have water like I have my colleague and thing on my tap. Shouldn't all those people be filling up their plastic jugs with the filtered water? Go, call again. All right. There you go. Go, call again, man. Let's hear it for the colleague and man. All right. That's another reason you got to have that filter on your thing. Every guy out there needs to have a filter on his thing. You know what I'm talking about? Make sure that what comes out is clean and pure and the water, too. God. Oh, no, you got to go to the store. I never been able to understand that all these people are one of the people who are in the store and they buy those plastic jugs. Even when there's not a storm, I wouldn't buy to plastic jugs because like I said before, they're been tested and I'm not saying all of the brand, but the ones that coming in and I'm seeing a lot of those on the TV things in the people's cards serve him right. Probably the storm will miss us in a be drinking at water anyway, and they'll be winding up feet straight up in the air in a couple of days after they'd ricken off of that prep with all those chemicals reaching out of that plastic. You can smell it. You know what I'm talking about? You'll probably take the top off of the container or water and you're smelling it. You say, oh my god, what the hell is that? I'll tell you what it is. It's all chemicals in the plastic is what it is. That leech into your water, baby. And like I tried to tell, remember there's nothing worse than a leech. 10-4 noon at 5-60 WQAM. 74-2560 WQAM. Seven minutes away from the big pre-game show the Marlins at the Cincinnati Reds. Are you ready for that? No. I didn't think so. Well, listen, it's good though that we have that. It'll give us all including you plenty of time to go out there and buy a lot of bottle of water and drink all the poisonous stuff that's seeping into the leech into the water. 5-670-560, pound-560 on the AT&T Wireless Line Don't Forget Hank After the Marlin Game Briefly because we got millions and millions of hours of dolphin pre-game, baby, because we could be something special. He came back for one reason only, okay? That is to go on or in-sip between Tony Cigretto and Joe Rose. Anybody see that yesterday? By the way, I saw about the last three minutes of the Jimmy Johnson show. Wow. That was one of the most unbelievable. What a suck-up job that was. Exactly. Here's a lady mobile and cross-pring, Sillow. Hi, this is Sandy from Coral Springs. I'm lying in the bank. Sand behind. It's crazy, but I think I could do that. Why people are taking money out of the bank. Why is that Sandy? Well, they wanted by T-shirt saying that I survived Hurricane Floyd. Oh. Oh, there wasn't a very funny thing. Are you making some up? I'm making some up now. I'm from T-shirt. You might be able to go to business together. I should. I should. I'm not. I'm not a bunch of T-shirts that just said, like, I acted like an asshole during Hurricane Floyd and cleaned out my supermarket. I'm pretty good. Yes. I must say I'm not a big sports fan, but I did go to my first golfing game a couple weeks ago and I turned into a dolphin fan. And I must be Tony Martin as a great set of buns. There you go. There you go. That's why he got off. That's all. What? Have a great day, sweetheart. Bye. Bye, Sandy. So to speak. She got really excited about that when I said that's how he got scored. Off at those great buns. Tony Martin got great buns, baby. Oh, it's a spirit. That's what Jim Manwood said. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, and how about Notre Dame on Saturday? And no one around me such a good mood. Yeah. Just when it looked like the gods again had this to a big fix was in on the last play of the game. It's third and one on the Purdue one yard line. Oh, my God, you're running back. This is the hand off. And the quarterback goes into a panic. It's packed back on a 10 yard line. And for the second week and the rather clock runs out while they're running around. Well, I'm going to look like that. Oh, man. I got sexual excitement to you. Because I was so positive that once again for the eight million times that the Pope was on a bat line, the fix was in. It was going to be touchdown Jesus. And Notre Dame took it right up the old rectum again for the second week and row. Oh, if I could tell you, I can't begin. Any other sporting event in the world other than my Maple Leafs. There is no other sporting event in the world other than watching Notre Dame lose, especially in football that gives me such tremendous erotic excitement. Oh, God. It was a 10-towl job. This four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. State road 84. When Dixie, the people are losing their mind. Yeah. It's amazing. Letting in front of me had 28 bottles of water. 28 bottles of water are about on the wall, yeah. That's correct. 28. And she thinks we're all going to die. Uh-huh. The Lord told her. Well, maybe only her. We've been only three. Okay. Thanks for the good news, sir. Okay. Well, listen if she's going to die, tell her where I will take the water. Tell her to give the water to somebody who's going to need it. She's going to die. When you're dead, you don't need the water. Sweet, are you know what I'm saying? Who idiot? Yeah, you know something? You notice how close it is to the year 2000 already? And we did sneak pass. Now, maybe no. Sudanese was just three or four days off. We sneak pass the nine, nine, nine, nine thing there. Just the barely. But maybe he was a couple of days. Maybe his account or was a little screw up or his a chronograph. His phonograph. His portal graph. Was a couple of days off. And maybe the big blow is going to come along near this category five. Maybe it's an old man, man. God is pissed off as he's always getting pissed off and certainly in psychotic with floods and with locust and all kinds of crap. That's always a nice way. By the way, the plague of the locust. That kind of typifies that Jewish, your goish, your god to me. The plague of the locust. What about the boils? And the boils too. Yeah. By the way, boils your water before you be drinking it. If you're going to use it out of the tap. You see how it all mixes and all ties in together. I've been telling you that for a hundred years. All these things tie in together. Boyle's that water baby before you be drinking it. Just like the guy said before all that crap that's coming out of your tap. And stop acting like a bunch of crazy people at the supermarket and at the office, a home depot, whatever depot it is. Stop acting like crazy people. I know that I won't do any good medicine here saying that. But at least I uttered it. At least I had the balls to get on here and said stop acting like crazy people. And the odds are looking very, very good. Yeah. So we'll get some wind in some rain. Okay. What we do? It's not going to be the end of the world. We're not going to take a direct hit. The chances are virtually nonexistent. That's going to happen. People like it paid a lot of money to study these things are telling us that. And there are people out there. Some of you acting like Luna Tixon. He. God. Here's plantation. Hello. Yeah. We got to go to all meal all the time now. Yeah. We know to get an apple practice. Nor cross just went to the power family. Found a bunch of tipsy contractors coming down on the earth. Yeah. I want to put in your practice. I want to Jerry Jowl for the APP to head him off. Send him up the Jacksonville. I want to give you the real thing. Thank you, Brian. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Yeah. Thank God that we don't have anybody in his town to get on there and hyperventilates and jumps up and down. He responsibly like Rappel Stiltskin and tries to bring these things back. Okay. Even he has moderated somewhat. Probably thanks to a hell of a lot of criticism over the last seven years since the end with things since he became a legend in his own mind. And since they did that NBC special or whatever it was. Try to make a big song on the dance out. Him like he was a real man, which we all know of. Of course, it's not the truth. It any rate. Well, stick would. No. Thank you over there on Channel 10. We'll stick with him. He knows his crap. He doesn't get his directly. He doesn't screw around. And I'm going to tell you something because of the fact that we feel so well concerned about it here at QM. We're not going to be carrying a stupid ball games here the rest of the day today. So, feel Roger show on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdus.