Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut as a symmetric realistic object. Theus palritos and don't care. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Cut all that hyperbowl guys. Make you wanna die Who should have bought some Who's now you've got to run Diabria Get it fun to have ya Dancing in the rest of the high Eating time though The time's not so Human needs like deep food and warm Penalty 36560 W2M happy Tuesday To a Trump getting support Miami baby I'm here for the Donald man Donald Trump who is considering making a run for the presidency Is expressed as strong this like for Cuba Cuban president for Del Castro So that makes him a friend of the Miami-based Cuban American national foundation The powerful anti-caster lobbying group CA and F is invited Trump to visit Miami on Monday We're here hold a news conference to the tender reception You know like Castro Maybe our man maybe Like it pretty good All right So anyway, what is the hyperbowl That I were the call right toward the end of the worst team this morning Do you hear it? I heard it And he said well, you know he was talking about marino And he were all the other crap that keeps going on Because naturally in this town they're very big on it You know putting everybody down no matter what they've done for him And so he said well the hyperbowl goes on H-y-p-e-r-b-o-l-e The hyperbowl goes on Nice going Ira Ira's Well, a little off his feet these days I guess because he's here in the topboard His want to show up to locals By the way there's some real desperate desperate people over there in Mad Marino Wow this thing with the first team discount on the pantheon tickets for tomorrow And all around the league by the way they do and stuff like this Even in Montreal Whether we lucky win five more games the right to the season with their little league team They've been averaging a thousand empty tickets a game So they got a section that they've got their doing like two for ones And that section and those like upper nosebleed in the Wilson Center Just like they do an in tap at two for ones only there They're doing it for the whole stadium The whole arena And now we got the first team discount We got all the hockey people on this show right There you go we get another ten or twenty people in there Marino, where are you Terry? I didn't hear the Terry Murray performances morning With the worst team but evidently He made quite a story quite a alibi I mean quite a story there about Pavellbury And he said his thing is sticking right out straight to the side And his finger too is pinky His pinky is sticking out straight to the side Kind of like a lot of cajra full And his finger was sticking out to the side What is that tag about a guy like Pavellbury And all those rumors from Vancouver That when he picks up the teacup is finger sticks off to the side Like those fruit cakes and a lot cajra full Maybe that's why he's so fragile Maybe that might have something to do with it But at any rate, two of the wins they only today in tomorrow Before the game tomorrow night that is will be a good idea You can call 9 and what is it 9-5-4 That's the Broward number 85 puck And you ask for the first team discount $5.60 on each ticket purchase for the Panthers Atlanta thrash a few tomorrow night at the Amacaruna We're going to have a crowd there tomorrow Are we going to pack that place tomorrow? They're going to be packing it? No. FNA maybe. It's going to be desperate. Desperation. I have a feeling that we could do about 7,000 people tomorrow night I mean the attendance will say whatever the season ticket What is it? 12-13,000? Something like that? So that's what they'll say the attendance is because that's the way they do it But I'm talking about actual asses and seats tonight And let me say it again Kids are off from school on Thursday There are absolutely no excuses But you can't really charge those people too much anymore Because you see this all over the sports world Spectator sports is we used to know it You know the people, the families, the fans, the young people, the old people Going and going to the ballpark It's pretty much your day and out. It's a dying breed You see all these great new arenas And I just mentioned this in passing again John Henry You see all these expenses new arenas that they built these fancy places all over North America In Los Angeles and Boston all over the place And you watch on TV you flip around on your little dish there And you see these huge, huge chunks of empty seats all over the place Yeah And that are how many millions they spent watching and there's a good example They built that brand new, well what is there's the NCI Center Is that what do they call that thing? They got, I don't know They're just made, what do you call it, is empty, is what you call it Because they're doing like 11,000 people again So you can keep wasting the public's money But the fact of it is you price people out and they find other things to do Like, bass, fish and... Oh, there you go You know, this story to me This is so amazing You're a fact boy, by the way, I knew you'd do something here sooner or later Before you leave Factboy brings me this, I missed it very jackass and he heard, I must be going I missed it, his name is on there, I have like an allergy Oh wait, today I tell him about my eating binge by the way Oh yeah, I had an eating binge yesterday that would make you a hero grow on your back bones And any other part in your body Stress eating, that's what it is, stress I have a book by the way called The Secrets of Serotonin Why do you know Serotonin is like the pleasure setters of your brain And you feel better when you go out and take out on these refined carbohydrates like ice cream Yeah, because we're addicted to these things and you know And by the way, can you buy ultra-defiant in this country now as it's still illegal We'll find out from somebody maybe Because that's what you're supposed to take To take away those desires for those carbohydrates When you're under stress, when you're psychotic, as I was when I looked here yesterday But we'll get back to that. Fishing ratings tied to breeder's copyrighted Oh, right there! You people that were making fun of bass fishing yesterday I hate to break the news, dear, it's big It's really big Well, it's big and a big joke I still is getting figured for two big for his own purchase He is everywhere, not only will he in the books to be doing an auto-wraising show And ask our show of 6 to 10 PM on this station Friday night But tonight he's going to be on TV on some Comcast cable thing Where is it? Comcast cable which is Fort Lauderdale, Channel 3 Channel 3 on Comcast cable in Fort Lauderdale So all 17 of you people at the pickup channel, Comcast whatever it is 8 PM, at 8 PM tonight There will be the lovely Jill Costello on there talking about auto-wraising A real sport we're occasionally somebody gets killed We kind of sport we like Yeah, or at least breaks the lead The pinky finger, they could off to the side And Pavel's doctor by the way was out sick, had a cancel all his support Isn't that the best? His doctor was out sick yesterday Pavel Yeah, cancel all his appointments, so the visual is rescheduled for today I mean, what's the hurry, you know? There's no rush Why would you want to come back yet? Certainly, I can't come back tomorrow anyway But even if he could, why would you want to come back in front of an empty arena When he can come back Saturday night against Buffalo, will he be back Saturday for the Saber game? No, no 9 minutes after 10 at 5 60 WCAM You got the fever for the playroom shingles I'm not the B-A-N-O New low-sat shingles Now with a third-less Polydy, I've saturated monobloodemates in that crap We're trying to sell you a few months ago In fact, I can't even believe the SDA let us get away with all the unholes of auto-wraising Crap we're loading into our potato plushies New low-sat shingles, lower and fat Higher and salt Consumer warning, some ingredients may erode the cold and smell and test and lower down The amount of water and not biodegradable All human waste land results in from consumption of this product The miscellaneous dose of using industrial grade steel biohazard runs Shingles, petavage, and cement effect on the plant equipped on and a non-recommended presumes That's 14 at 5 60 WCAM Thanks to my good close personal friend Randy Getonger in Fort Lauderdale Thank you Randy whoever you are Since me a belated birthday, give better late than ever Though this is a beautiful, it's an Austin sculptor of a hockey goole And it's just a heavy, it's a big beautiful thing Wow, not any particular grog, just a generic guy Oh, god! That's a heavy guy damn thing, thanks Randy God bless you, sir You see we got a few nice people in this town, not too many Just enough, I would say like what about ten We got South Alcoany with our solar water We got Joe Resoli from Roth office supply We got our folks that bring us all a free food, which we don't have time to mention all of them And we got this guy here Randy, good guy, we got the half of dozen people sent me a birthday card And other than that, that's pretty crappy here, you know No, no, seriously, there are a few people that are very nice to you And then you discover that most of the rest of the people don't give a crap About anybody but themselves So I'll get into the thing about my eating pinjester today and the reason is for it Here's a mobile and west palm, hello Hey, yeah, I got a question or maybe an observation with this popbell berry I'm just wondering, he played for my keen and then Vancouver isn't that one His problem started in Vancouver and I wonder if his baby attitude of his every day Get in the little injury, had something to do with it, had not get in the wrong with keen I don't know, we'll call up my can ask him, okay Call up my keen and put a call in the last one Are we shaving? Fishing radius, tide, readers, come here we go This, remember what I told you about vanilla ice cream how many years have I been screaming about that And see people who disagree with me on whatever it is they'll call it and say Well, I'm majority of the people believe you know as if I'm, that's going to impress me Does it impress me? Oh, not in the least the majority of people are assholes So what am I give a crap? Majority of people have got taste in their, okay? Okay, oh, but if an ice cream is the most popular flavor in the world Great, you eat the vanilla, I'll have the goddamn stuff that tastes I'll have the rocky road in the fish food, okay? You can take your vanilla ice cream and Right, might be kind of tasty Fast fishing I'm going to tell you something, I'd rather watch 18 holes of golf Played by deaf dumb and blind people For 20 hours, then watch fast fishing on television See, this is just like golf, it's the same thing For your same thing, fishing, I grew up, we had a family It was in a fishing tackle business on Canada They were like fishing, we had a boat used to go out fishing all the time Get those treble hooks deep in the fish, it's loaded, it's great You know, on your pole in the yank and any of the, what do you care? The thing is, we're going around, you know, carrots great Because we're humans and readers pathetic little helpless fish We're having a good time, that boy Yeah, what's wrong with getting that hook way down in the throat of the fish I mean, it's kind of a nuisance, you hope it, you just hope it get in the lift You know, it's even pulled out really easy But if not, you just pull any yank, whatever does that make you know? But it's so it's fine if you want to do it, it's like golf, go out and get some exercise Go have 20 or 30 beers with the guys, go have a good time But until sitting and watching somebody else do it In the ratings surprise of the weekend, foxes, bass fishing, tournament Sunday Produced the same big market rating As Saturday's readers come on NBC Although that's just come as no surprise because horse racing is generally a dead sport Anyway, it's fight of what some people on the station are trying to pedal to you It's a dead sport Oh look at all the people we had to go stream Yeah, look at the 4000 people you had to call it again yesterday after all the hoopla We're all okay That's a big big big event All the hype, all the hoopla, the top jockey, the top trainers, the top horses It's a once a year kind of a thing And they have a big, big promotional thing that goes into putting that together And they get all those people out there, they handle 93 million dollars on it And it's a big, and then the next day It's right back to business is usual I mean anybody who wants to be honest is much as I love harness racing I mean it's a dying sport At least in the US it's still going pretty strong up there in Canada They still draw a lot of money up there But in the US it's a dying sport Thoroughard racing really a dying sport Look at the attendance of colder day in the day out 3, 234 hundred It's a joke Because the official notos of horse racing and most per Mutuals are old Old, old, old They're a dying and vanishing breed Old, old And the people involved in horse racing have the So little to promote and anything intelligent to get younger people involved for example Who do they have out there again? Paul and floats, Gary Puckett and Union Gap All these bird out watched out 60s and 70s groups that nobody ever in the right mind wants to see again And they've been doing this in Gulfstream, Highly, a quarter They've been doing this for years Does that bring young people out? No Does it bring anybody out? Maybe 10 people Who's going to go out to a race track to see Gary Puckett? Yeah, if I'm thinking about going out there I'll just say something I'm going to Gary Puckett And I just won't go To die, it's a dead sport Kind of like this show, look at that again today See, we were done, we're finished But I don't care, doesn't bother me, I'll continue taking the money No, sir, I'll just continue taking the money I understand that this town is difficult Just like you told me before about the sports Isn't the Dan Marino, they all hate him like poison No, I think we ought to fight out today Well, I'm sick and Terry hearing about him And he wasn't Jimmy and all this other boring crap It's terminal But why the dish for us is a Dan Marino, are they jealous of his lips? Are they suspicious of him? Because they look at those strange joke relips And I think, oh, maybe he got like Some Martian modern number, something like that Because you know, dark people are very big in the lips That's the first thing they look at We even had a guy in his dealer's name Louis Lips Remember him? Yeah Lips, very big Ritha Kid did somebody on the lip Black people in the lips Don't give me no lip Boy But anyway, in 47 donations, largest markets Both telecasts, meaning the foxes, bass fishing And the breeders cup average at a 2.5 overnight rating Last year's breeders cup had a 2.8 overnight rating The fishing show, the first live event of its kind And a major non-cable network Produced a higher rating when the foxes National hockey league package last season 1.7 National ratings will be available Thursday The rating came in and the ballpark we expected And fox spokesman Louis Durmillo We'll take a look at the project and see if there's anything in the future he said In my me for a lot of day I'll thank God The breeders cup I'll rate the fishing 3.3 to 1.4 One local ratings point equals 14,000 in some out home The fishing had a tides rating in say Louis 6.4 They had a 6.4 rating in say Louis The best fishing show on fox The breeders cup had a tides rating in Louisville 4.4 But of course Louisville can tucky Churchill down, Kentucky, Derby, horse country It's at a win so on So that makes a lot of sense Pass fishing Did this tell you how bored the American public is? Their bored, crapless man Pass fishing They outdrew by a wide margin They added 2.5 The NHL package in fox head of 1.7 The world's most exciting sport I'm not going to sit here and try to sell down hockey I know what a great sport it is And most of you are going oh yeah It's just it's bullgrass Fuck around ice Whatever that one asshole says all the time Yeah And as far as your national football league is concerned Last night there's another classic example I went to bed, it was half time, was 17 nothing Dallas, one of the most ponderous and half time Minnesota had minus 18 yards passing in the game Because Jeff George got sack twice Minus 18 yards passing I wake up this morning, I turn on the TV There's the score, Minnesota 27 Dallas 17 They got a gucky and field goals for Dallas Who was 5 out of 11 going in He missed 2, he made a third one And I saw just barely inside the upright This guy could have been kicking for a goddamn college team 15 years ago He's in the national football league now It's crap And we are all these people I'm going to call in this radio station, arguing back and forth With all their hyperbole Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck It's talking about crap, you're talking about kaka You want to elevate it to a level because you're so guy Damn bored, that you're quite frankly You're probably rather watched bass fishing That watched somebody so called NFL games It's kaka, it's garbage because it's diluted It's watered down It's watered down Let me ask you this, if they played 82 games this season National Football League They have 41 home games, how many people do you think they'd be drawing? Per game Not that many boys and girls, not that many Eight, lousy, regular season, home games That's all they play Eight, and by the way it was nip and tuck pretty late Done at the Sunday game, but it was going to be televised You're not that dolphin, a titan game, that titanic struggle That was nip and tuck for a team that's leading to the league So you can keep, you know, it's like vanilla ice cream You can keep telling yourself, oh, this is really great It's crap, it's mediocrity And this is how desperate the public is now Bass fishing Ties the breeder's cup And even if you don't like horse racing, I mean the breeder's cup is like, you know, it's a major event It's a happening, you know, it's the best horses in the world There's millions of dollars at stake, it's pretty exciting They presented pretty well, you know, they make a big production out of it You got tons of dirt in air, makes the every race exciting The greatest race call of an award I mean, what do you want? No, no, we rather watch the bad fishing, okay We want to see those fish wiggle around They get caught, you know, in a ride and pain I mean, what way else could you, what would you want to watch it for? I guarantee you that not one person will call here today And it's, yeah, could have put the period there Not one person will call here today and admit To watching the bad fishing Just when I told you that, not one How about I do the break because it's going to take me a long time to talk about my eating binge yesterday? And what I tell you when the last thing I said when I was on my way out of here What was that going to go get? Snickers, but hang size Snickers bar Right there convenience store around the corner there, whatever that would do So you'll legal aliens, very nice people by the way Whatever third world country there from very nice folks Right next to trucks in the sub center Great folks, they got in one thing, it's a real handy Zip on in there, no problem at all Candy, ice cream bars, all kinds of direct Whatever direct you want man, they got it And that was only the beginning 25 after 10 at 5 60 WQAM Stratus right here In stores now, from the makers of Nica Durr The creators of Wonderbrake and fruit of the loom underwear It's a revolutionary new underwear for men that lift Separate, which is up, oh, enlarges the ball Minimize is friction and corrosion And helps you quit smoking, it's underwear For men, it makes me look more masculine And I'm not only too passionate, they Hey, that chicks are bad I love lying so much, I haven't taken it off for a whole week I wear two pair at the same time and my boyfriend Brute, he just goes absolutely nuts He's just totally bonkers I was a happy smoker, so now it's just where three pairs of underwear And I was able to quit cold turkey Oh, my girlfriends convinced I'm hungo It could be wrecked the all-new underwear From Nica Durr, Wonderbrake And fruit of the loom and coming soon The Viagra Durr m'jocstra 103560 WQAM Here's the facts, it says, what do you think of this kid No most else of No most else of Right, we're all more rhymes with homo, is that what that is? Uh-huh Oh, it's just amazing And Terry Murray, you wonder why you have to knock five Dollars in 60 sets you have to have a first team A special try to get some asses in the seat For the Atlanta thrashers tomorrow I say if Gary Benton could just keep expanding We get 60 teams by next year Then nobody ever heard of Did you need any of the generals Yeah, the ish booming Indians That's wrong with that The Y and dot wears, weeners Yeah, every town in America of 10,000 people are more Can have a professional sports team And then we'll also see how come they're in interest And this is a great rivalry By the way, you're having a thing Is it tonight? There haven't had peace on channel 10s And if you're way thin, why is your hope so? I got to come up with something I got to find some way Yeah, sniff your way thin Have these new things that you sniff They smell like pizza I don't know, like lipstick things And you just roll them out, you just open them up a little bit And you sniff a little pizza Chocolate, something like that, whatever might be Sniff your way thin, it's that eating I left here yesterday Wanted to one of the worst, I mean, you know, say one of the worst There's so many, there's so many of these days In fact, the only thing I think that keeps me going is When I think back everything being relative They're not really much worse than any other day When you come right that way, maybe just in terms of quantity But in terms of quality In fact, remember the guy called a couple of weeks ago And he said, hey, Neil, what do you consider a great call My answer here to be, I'll let you know when I get one That would have been a good answer What do you consider a good call? I'll let you know when I get one, sir If that happens this year, well, we only got a month and a half to go So after four hours of real-cycosis And you see, I'm one of those people at each I'm not, you know, I'm not a pig, I don't really pig out that much anymore My life I've had those days when I was gigantic But I had the carbohydrate addiction And boy, when I get stressed out What do I do? I rush for the carbohydrates This is an embarrassing story But hey, I have no problem telling you because a lot of you can relate to it Made my pit stop for my king-sized knickers bar, which you know, took me as far as the turnpike Which is only like a mile and a half up the road whatever it is And I thought to myself, God, that was a good start, but not it's just a course That stimulates your appetite to refer to how a higher rate sets out works Now I'm really starving And so I get to my favorite mobile station in the world There's a little angle in 5.95 And I go in there and I gas up and of course after finishing gasing up I go inside And I get me, I was going to get a fish stick Then in Jerry's fish food bar But instead of a fish stick, I notice now they got cherry Garcia bars Ben and Jerry's And I said to myself, oh right, and I got one of those And of course eight that completely before I got home, which is like another mile and a half up the road Then about 6.30 last night I'm sitting there watching Dan rather and I thought to myself, you know, that was a good start But I'm still very depressed Especially about that show yesterday, and usually to show it to a clock I walk at the door There's no difference, but I was extraordinarily depressed And so I ran over to publics, publics brand ice cream by the way is pretty good Ever had public brand, huh? No? I don't need a lot of ice cream Let me get fat Oh, how boring So anyway, I went over to publics and got that's called turtle caramel Triple-fludge explosion, what's up like that chunk There's always like a chunk at the end, you know? That's how it comes out too in chunks And half a gallon But they only sell their stuff in half a gallons And I would say conservative estimate, there's still some in there It's amazing because it's significantly sweet, you know? One of those ice creams that's real real, real sweet, real creamy I would say conservative that had a court Now this is coming just a few days after going to my doctor, which I mentioned yesterday By the way, my cholesterol is higher than it's been in years 255, my LDL cholesterol, which is the bad stuff, is higher than it's ever been 190 And the HDL, which is a good cholesterol, is not good at all Only 38, which it was 47, you know? It was never great, but 38's pretty weak Like the bottom limit on that's like 35, so that's not too good And the other one's real bad, and the overall is really, really bad And I'm sitting there eating ice cream Shabbling it on my throat, because I knew that it would appease the serotonin my brain Would get like a real rush, whatever happens in there, and I would feel great You know what? I felt great Yeah, that's right, I felt great I was no longer depressed about this place, I was no longer a longer psychotic I didn't give a crap if anybody ever calls again, which the way things are going Mainly maybe they will, maybe they won't, I really don't care Okay, I'll take the money, thank you Frustration eating, this is why so many Americans are fat Stress eating, stress You don't ever stress eat? No, you're a bad example, okay, you're a bad example, you're like bizarre Any attending that don't know what Linda Mari is attending I mean, what the hell am I asking him for? A stress eating binge boys and girls, course I took my medication, my blood sugar just won't 159, little too high, but not that bad, not that bad Not that great, not that bad, did I gain any weight on the scale? No, but I still better, am I doing any regrets about going through that bitch? No, no, no, no, I absolutely do not, because it made me feel better It's not going to kill me, it's not good for me, it's not going to kill me But I mean, when you're sitting here and I'm thinking back, it caused me to sit there last night I'm thinking back over the two years I've been on this radio station It's never been any different, it's just a question of quantity, not a quality I come back after my seven months and month hiatus that I got paid off by passion Thank you buddy bud, you asshole I come back after those seven months and we had had the the Koonan and thing right here Johnny Versace I mean the whole town was up at arms about that the FBI boxed the beast put a beast It was like an embarrassing episode in this town I talked about that, I talked about bitches die all of that happened so many things Happened while I was away for those seven months and I can't back and I talked about That's right and did I get any response and any of them any of them? No, no, no, no So it's not a different now than it was then And I'll give you a classic example the best example of what this town is made of what these people are all about Was the now infamous golf tournament the OJ got no seriously I mean the first day or two after I went ballistic about that We had a couple of people calling in here who participated who were connected with it One guy said they walked out of there when they saw And then a few days ago when I was sitting here inquiring about You know how asking about the fees the whole fees and all these all the other stuff nothing Zippity do that And quite frankly there was no real outrage from the audience about what went on there It's like oh well, we don't care about that In fact, we don't really care about any of the charity with a center one criminal says We don't care about that any we want to bug your CDs because it got the funny stuff on it And we want to buy those buttons because they got yeah, that stuff on it But we don't really care about any of that What did they get upset about what did they care what he listed in a response The day I came on here a couple of days ago when I said that golf is not a sport And that people who watch it have no life Our assholes then I got a lot of response from people trying to sell me on all of golf So required that great hand eye coordination, you know And what a great sport of this from men is in sense people very upset very I read But I had the audacity and I just like if I know ice cream thing, I like the bass fishing Telling me about all of all these people who watch it tremendous ratings it gets I'm not impressed Like the tremendous ratings I get Well, what does that get me? I mean a lot of money. Yeah, that's fine. That's great I'll take the money. Thank you, but does it give me any kind of a response? Oh, does it give me an audience? It's like look at that phone right now There's a couple of calls on it. That's so much Nothing much going on. It's been this way forever or never This is a tower to people have nothing to say Except about your hyperbowl Oh, yeah, I read that was good all the hyperbowl continues Well, what is that word again? I read HYPE or BOL Yeah, Wayne had pinged a sponsor that that other guy damn bull. I got there at the state of medical over to big this year We're going to have the hyperbowl Which some girls teams plan on it? We'll pack about 2,300 in there for that So we on a head like a major sporting event every day, you know 1500 on Monday, 2200 on Tuesday Joe roses out there in a hallway tell me about the fastest growing sports in America Are we in a football? Are we in a football is crap? It's a joke But people are desperate. They're bored. Silly is what they are. They're bored the tears So that's why people are busy watching bass fishing Because it's too late. It's exciting. Is it exciting? No, seriously. I want you to stop and tell me what kind of a person would watch bass fishing on television We'll watch somebody else fishing And what if it doesn't make it's bass fishing, trouser, trouser fishing What if it doesn't make what kind of a fish it is? Small mouth bass, rainbow bass, large mouth bass Well, what if it doesn't make a strike bass? What if it doesn't make? If it's bass fishing or in fact if it's deep sea fishing, you know like if they're out there catching a big one That might be I mean I wouldn't watch it, but I could understand maybe Well, yeah, that's like a big deal. No, we just out there catching a little bass A little baby bass that we were on on the end of that triple hook that's weighed on their deep in their throat, you know 2411 of QAM This is 560 Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to it And go for weekday happenings at 2 sports radio 560 QAM Let's see if you can go for a walk Wow, it's really hot out this sucks Did someone say it's really hot out and this sucks? Yeah, well, I've got just a thing for you Oh gross, is the all new blow brand air conditioner? Oh man, what did you eat? There's nothing like a sweet cool breeze on a hot blistery day, right? Yeah, you stop doing that please Well, blow brand is the best. Fine, back off. Can you imagine just one more day of this hot stuff? I know then pick up the phone and call a blow brand air conditioning today Oh yeah, it's a friendly cool way Blow brand air conditioning loud and annoying, but works great 1046 and 560 WQM we got one call on the board I think I'll start my vacation tomorrow, you know? You got some tapes, do we have some tapes in the thing on the can? I believe we do. Yeah, I think I'll start tomorrow a day like a week and a half sound good Or I could never mind You could do the show? I'll tell you not gonna be here tomorrow I was making arrangements. Oh, you'd make arrangements to come in In other words, you're not gonna be here to like run the board tomorrow But if we were gonna let you come into an auto racing show Well, what if it wouldn't be an auto racing show just like any old show To prefer it not being auto racing show. Oh really? Joe Costello is doing the show tomorrow, ladies and gentlemen Because nobody wants to talk to me anymore So Joe's gonna come on, you want to talk to Joe? Oh, yeah, you will. It'll be great Yeah, they want to talk to you 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line That's Florida line at the one with a 400 numbers 87775 kneel 785 6345 Like I said, it's just a matter of degree. It's never been any different I mean, just the thing about sparks is why do black people dislike Dan Marino so much That's your to gotten 50 calls on air shouldn't it right off the bat? Did we get a call? You know one guy didn't hang on Once far too there was busy. I guess he had a crack deal going down or something like that Didn't have time to hang on Here's Miami. Hello Yeah, yes sir. Yeah, I want to know what to do with Miami And I've been down here for a year. Don't speak Spanish Nobody, nobody even wants to hire me. I mean, what all the Cuban state over what? Here's a Davie. Hello. Yes sir. And you're doing very slow. Very slow. Oh, you're a my only culture. Oh, you're the only person in South Florida After 23 and a half years that wants to speak to the aradges. How do you like that? You know, I'm boy too. I think South Florida they meal. So I can call you up. Oh, and I'm a question for you. You still have your bonnick stuff. Do I want you still have it? I still have it. Can I make the same for you? What, did you want to talk to me either? You just want to make some stupid request. Is that it? Well, I just promise you. I don't know what you're talking about today. I just take the day off of work. Yeah. So that's I called up. You said you had to one call. Yeah, I'm not talking about talking about a call. In other words, I have no calls. I have nobody that wants to talk about anything that I'm talking about, which goes back just like what I said before. After the seven months, I went away and everybody's called, oh, gee, you know, all the big stuff in the newspapers. God, welcome back. There were out of business, baby. Or out of business. There's nobody here wants to play the game. So like I said, it's done like that. It's done like that. Can you play something for me? Can you play that? No, of course not. It's a talk show. It's already a show. Maybe they're all listening to a, or what you call it to music on the smegma. Yeah, they're all into that crap again, disco. Or maybe they're all listening to those tips again from the night before. Who knows what they're doing, but they sure is how they're on here. The whole audience just decided to pick up and move. They want to do play toy. You know, I'm sitting here thinking about that. I scream out last night. I'm thinking about yourself, you know, I could make a nice profit on that house. I think when I go home today and instead of getting the stickers bar on the way home, I'm going to go out there and put a foreseal sign out in front of my house. Does it have to be a realtor that puts it for sale sign or can you know, they even just make up your own sign. By honor. But there you go. By honor one of our fine former sponsors. That's what I'll do. Here's a mobile and Marguer. Hello. Yeah, I want to defend hunting and fishing some. You make a father vibe. That's fishing. Who talked to his anything about hunting? I asked you by the same stuff. It is. Well, you're making a father vibe. You know, fish with hooks and then how about the breeders cup. You think the horses like to get worked and kicked in the side? Oh, yeah. See. And of course, they take him home and they find him up for dinner. Two and off the other end of the races. Now they take him a shoot him when they're working on the race track. They're trying to love and feed him. They shoot him when they're in the finish and the race track. Usually, they don't usually have somebody just come in and break their lead when they can't make any money on. Then they give them to the dogs. Yeah, sure. Wow. What's the analogy right there? No, it's not. They don't shoot horses when they can't race any more. Sir, you've been waiting for the race for the insurance policy though. I think maybe we'll come in break your legs. How's that, sir? Is that a good way to bring your kid where him to the track? And when the watch out at the dinner, it's picked up the tickets out the grass. No, I'd rather take him out there and stick a hook and a deep into the throat of a fish. I would, too. That's the way to at least you can bring your kid up and show him something. Show him something. Show him how to kill a little fish there. How do you do that when you do have one when you stop punchpacking? Yeah. You can bring it to the track and show him the other degenerate. Okay. All right. Okay. See you there. Okay. All the degenerates of the track. The good people, they go out there and stick a hook at a fish's throat. That's right. That's not what I was even talking about. This guy's all defensive about going out there and fishing. I just got through Tonya Sir. My family was in a fishing tackle business. That's how we made our living. You jack ass. What I'm talking about is people watching somebody else fishing on television. But you're too stupid to understand that and you're too defensive. When people are defensive about their hobbies about their pastimes, it's got to tell you that in the back of his mind, he's got a guilt trip in there. Because he knows that he's sticking a lure in there and then sticking that hook deep in a fish's throat. That defenseless guy didn't fish. That's just a swimmer around mining its own goddamn business. Okay. That beautiful fish. All those colors like a rainbow trout. What a beautiful thing. A creature of nature. A creature that nature invented. A creature that maybe got invented. This guy that you all believe in. And this guy's out there. Of course he brought up the hunt in part two. He probably out there got shooting bandying this spare time on a weekend. But that's not what I was talking about. I'm talking about watching it. See they aren't capable of responding because they're so emotional. They're hysterical. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. I totally agree with you on what you say and about the decision and other damnings. Why should we take valuable time? Watch on TV. You know, some redneck that doesn't even know there's no name. Right. You know, I mean, and then we got. Another thing you know, we'll be watching Sparty with a canned bellarone named play and football. We've already done that with that watch to register. Or with an enthorled man or whatever. You know, that extra manly. You know, and what about the what about some of the sports? I mean, like just like here in Miami, we've got kids that can't even take a book home to study. Yeah. And we got a district of politics. You didn't guys bring it up. Kids write. He's taking them out there fishing and sticking a hooked on a fish. It's throwing a show. That's the way to do things. That's the way to live. Yeah. I mean, well, what's there? Do that. You know, go the whole check. Do what? I mean, come on. I mean, quality time is what he decides to do with. But, you know, he doesn't have to say, well, you know, fish is the way to go. I mean, come on. I find fishing kind of boring. I mean, there you go. I mean, what? You're so like this call. Thank you. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. I mean, horse racing is a beautiful sport to watch, okay? You don't have to gamble on it, especially when it's on television. You sit there at home. You watch it. It's exciting. There's great competition. The horses are running their brains out because they're running for a lot of money. So they have to any boat races. I'm sorry. But I mean, that's just the way it is. And this guy's a chance. As you all do degenerate, it's out there through your track. All you, yeah, it's only bad people. I go to the tracks or trust me. I go every Wednesday night or Thursday, whenever they go to a pump at a park. Only us bad people go to the track. We're evil. It's only the good people that go out there. Put an in session. Here's a mobile and for a lot of day. Hello. Marco Meo. Yes, sir. I'll please don't leave. You know, when people call and say that to me, I'm going to tell you, I just want to peep my guts up. What does that mean? Your life is going to fall apart. My life is going to fall apart. I have never seen in South Florida a more a higher concentration of Israel's stupid people in my entire life. Meo, I've never seen a collection of stupider people in my life. I've been trying for 23 years to squeeze blood out of a turnip and you know something I still haven't got any out. Well, it's something. I don't know if you were if you stayed in the attention in your spot. One of your sponsors for the channel. They're talking about ceiling funds, following from the ceiling and telling these weren't things that we made jokes about. It's a very important thing. One away ceiling fans man don't just start knocking those runaway ceiling fans. Oh, oh, they're going to fall out of the ceiling. That's right. That's right. They're next to vanishing. Oh, my God. Yeah. I said here. I talk about the schools about these people's kids, about the crappy schools, about those textbooks, about getting no lunch. And I get no response. And you want to know why? Because they don't care. I have a woman that called the other day last week. Maybe you heard the call. Who goes out of her way to tell me. She doesn't have time to care. She doesn't care about people. We don't know. She doesn't care about you. Kids getting murdered. She doesn't have time to care. With these people care, that's the sort of thing that it be on channel. And there's not some stupid ceiling fan following from your ceiling and you're going to be watching it. Take care. Thanks. I got two ceiling fans. I'm going to start watching those very carefully now. We should be able to ceiling fan in here. I think I turned it down just like a little Russian roulette exercise. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Our pull question today. Why do blackies and darkies? Why does smart dudes hate Dan Marino like poison? There must be a reason for it. I mean, somebody very reliable like Jill Costello told me before to show this morning. That nine out of ten darkies hate Dan Marino like poison. They despise him. What is there? Are you jealous? Because he's a white guy. Is that what it is? And because only darkies are supposed to play football. Is that what that's all about? Yeah, I saw that black quarterback for a Tennessee the other night. That McNair. Oh my god. He couldn't play on a girls team. He was so bad. Hey, guess what? That guy and the other team that he keeps going to that same Madison guy. He's got the other uniform color line. Okay, plays for the dolphins up for your team. Okay. I know you keep throwing a ball right in his hand. Including the one he returned for a touchdown. According to the Sun Sentinel, steady still has a return for a touchdown. You see you get media equity because this is a mediocre place. And then it's just, and nobody other than me. I'm just a trouble maker. I keep bop bop bop. I know. What the hell? Why make trouble? Why not just sit back and accept it? Four minutes before 11 at five, 60 WCW. Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer. And you're listening to it. And over week they happen to have two sports radio 560 QAF. WCWAF. My happy boy. God. Good job, Bill Bradley. Don't we need Bill Bradley. Yep. He wasn't six feet tall. We're in the professional basketball. Don't you love Bill Bradley. Yeah, we need him badly. He's gonna win the race. People love him because he isn't out of the score. Did I mention that he isn't out of the score? Yeah. He plays for the day. He doesn't borrow sick. Yeah, we love him because he isn't out of the score. Not out of the score. Not out of the score. Not out of the score. Yeah, he's not out of the score. I say it one time. We love Bill all along. Mostly cause he's not boring out of the score. Well, it doesn't look real Bradley. Not your love Bill Bradley. He's one of those two at five 60s WCWM. So anyway, here's another big go feather in the cap for the BJ Broadcasting people. A man who investigators say may have used his time to afford Myers radio station. He would track young girls as accused of raping a 14 year old girl. The teenager's mother found the parent gauge in sex at his four miles apartment. Kicked in the front door beat up the suspect and left with her daughter. There he goes. He kicked up the suspect. He threw their daughter. How do you like that? The girls mother found her daughter on top of Timothy David Allen. A little unusual if a girl's gonna get raped. She's on top. A little bit unusual. I'm on Sunday night after appearing to a side window next to his front door. She busted the door down. She went in there. Kick the crap. Porter daughter off of him. He was a part-timer at our sister station over there. W seven 70. QAM Junior over there in Fort Myers. Yeah, he was an intern at QAM for about a month in December. And then he went to work at the 99X, which is the BZF M station WJPX. How do you like that? Over there it's in the effects this is from our friends. You're over there in the West Coast. It's as we can't get employees in the paper with murders here. But we are a smaller market so we have to stick with little things like rape stuff like that. That's a good start on your BZF over there. They got a nice checkered past that BZF bunch you know. Five six times a year. Just about every line with up there before the news break. And of course these breaks are tremendous to help too. You know, that's really helping the radio station. These long, ponderous commercial breaks. Everyone is like a newscast. That's helping. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Out of time line 87775 Neil, 7856345. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. On the buzz line. Okay line 70 working out. That's good. Here's poppin'o. Hello. Oh. Yes sir. Hey, now how are we doing today? Great. Hey, dear. I'd like to draw in a little comment comparison between all sports, whether people playing fishing, gambling, what the hell you're going to give out this sport. They're someone's feels your racing form, your favorite fishing ball, you know, your favorite Tuesday. The thing is everybody's going to feel the same thing when they affect your hobby. You're taking a load of bell. And I don't think there's a lot of etiquette out there anymore with some people. They don't appreciate you. You've got to appreciate the two person have the specs for their individual sport. What does that have to do with watching people go fishing on television? Well, I'm going to tell you what. Nothing to do with watching people or go fishing. But I want to talk about, well, I know what I'm saying is that people are out here. They're arguing between damn words and fishing people or whatever. Watch and fishing. That's what people work for people. Other things work for other people. You see what they take into account. Sir, I'm talking double talk. When they show the breeders cup on television, they're not showing people going to the windows, placing bets on the races. They're showing you the horse races. They're showing you the excitement. How many people are watching if instead of showing you the races, they just showed people gambling. They just showed people going to the windows. Yeah. Oh, look at that. This guy's going to the $50 window. He wants to be a real big plunger. And here's a guy at the $100 window. And here's some smuck at the whatever. Would anybody watch that? That's my point. I asked, you know, here's the thing that's astonishing. Fishing ratings. People actually, they were making jokes about it the other day. And people are watching it. Fans fishing. And these people want to give me a saw today. We don't have enough respect for other people's hobbies. Okay. What do you say, pal? Five, six, seven. Here's our last call of the day for calls. And maybe I'm going to sit back and enjoy some real some of my favorite music. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Or Joe is going to come in here. I'll go in there and sit because you want to do the show. Joe's just dying to take over the show now. Yeah. He wants to punch right in here. He sees this tremendous response. He knows that he can listen to much better response here. But I'm doing. We could bring a dead man in here. We could bring I'mus in here. Sit him on a chair. I was channel serving yesterday morning. He wasn't talking to his brother. He was talking to his wife. I'm a phone. Pocky who is wife. Asking how come she keeps talking to him from the other room when she knows he's deaf. The Pope and Don I'mus, two dead men in a chair. Here's for a lot of day. Hello. Hello. I'm here. You really encourage me using the front page of the hell. Yesterday about the affirmative action. And if you went to referendum, it would be a vote. It'd be by at least two to one majority. Strykin down. Yeah. There it is in there today again. I didn't read the hall. Two thousand in the sun, Sentinel, two thirds in the day. But he never just finally discovered he read the hell. He's been in the day. Two thirds would end affirmative action. Right? The affirmative action is a bunch of crap. I know. Some say he's a black one news. He first started to wake up and get off his liberal crap. Well, what do you mean you get off his liberal crap? What is that? You're first. He's done by the liberals. Oh, by the liberals by the evil liberals. But I even. But it's a it's a one aspect that I don't like that they've let the try to promote. So a bunch of bull crampets unacceptable. If you've got qualified for a job, you get it. If you're not qualified, go back and go a pedal hamburger somewhere. Exactly. Amen. Hello. I'm here sir. Another thing I want to tell you, I went to. He's lost blows and he's up with. Okay. Thanks. 567. 560. He don't like liberals. He don't like pizza. I guess what Jeff Collins is a good liberal boy. Okay. He's liberal. We'll ask the spread it around. 567. 560. Pound 560. On the AT&T line. 8778.5 Neil. 785. 6345. Here's another genius for it. It's like yesterday I'm listening to Hank Dravitt home. The third caller is some young guy. Probably the same guy. It's not just like him. All congratulations for embarrassing yourself at the second year in order of readers. Come. Hank just gave out a $2500 triple on Friday. One of the long shots that came in nobody in their right mind would have bet on. And this guy's got to call him with a shot. These are the people that will call. The haters, the naysayers, the mouth content. Those are the people that will call. Anybody that just wants to have a verbal intercourse. That's gone here in this time. That disappeared years ago. Doesn't exist. There's no such thing. Here's North Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes. I like that. How much of your own money do you put in the center one? $10,000. That's what I thought. And you also, when you were doing something for the commales house, you also put $10,000. That's two years ago, didn't you? Every year. Very few people realize that. And I'm like, what's there for them? They don't care. They don't care. People like. So, in Mark Clayton, Mark Clayton was just on yesterday. I'd like to have somebody ask him how much money he brought in and how much money actually went into his own charity. For his scholarship for you. There's nobody cares about that golfer. But they've actually been a tip off to me that I'm in a wrong place. These people here all I've been doing is babysitting them for 23 years. They don't care about any of the things that I've involved in. Any of the things that I talk about. All they care is that we make little sounds on the air that are used. They're all little burping and little farting, little bellchicks. And that's all they care about. These are, this is Lao-Alan, sir. It should have been such a UN crime. And this was one of the great scandals that I've ever been sucked into with this guy, the maturity golfer, and I think, and OJick and brought in and we're to the money go. And the salesman who had to call him out of town to tell somebody he's got to take the fall for it. Because it was a fraud. And the audience doesn't care. They just don't care, sir. No matter what I do, I consider it scream louder and louder and louder and louder. They don't care. It's so ridiculous to see all these jobs that I ask for money from you and, oh, for a foundation maturity and they never put their own money into it. And I'd like to make a little comment about George. He made a comment about common electra. You couldn't pay him a million dollars a doer. You couldn't pay me ten million dollars a doer. She's such a disgusting pig. And I don't want to take it from you, even though I would kiss up to you. And I went to Spectrum bought a $10 to set from you. And I already had it because that I could care less about it. Neil, you're all right. Thank you. Thank you. I'm not going to ride a little bit. Try making me feel better to my field better. Oh, I'm going to go out and you guys can't make it. How do you like that? I'm leaving right now. I'm going to go out and get some goddamn fish food. I'm going to go and jump into bathtub full of fish food. Look at a street stinking calls I got here on the board because these things don't interest anybody. Whatever I've been talking about here. Joe's coming into the rest of the show. You want to talk about NASCAR. You want to talk about little cars that are around around around. Fast and call. Call Joe Costello. Okay. There's a real man sport. And people actually get killed every now and then too. 56070560. Call and speak to Joe 56050560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. That big out of timeline. Maybe is that thing working? Oh, nothing. 877-785-Neil 785-6345. Airmen, you single time. I'm getting ready to go on vacation without exception. The weaker two before is like a living hell. Like we're going to make you pay for it. Baby, we're going to make you work overtime. Just to get one stick in call. Not that we're going to give you anything of worthwhile. But just to make the phone ring. A town without pity. A town without rough notice. A town with a collective IQ of this plot. It's 11. 11 on the Joe Costello show. The QAM drops the green flag with motorsport Saturday. Saturday morning that six with Joe Costello. Right here. On Sports Radio 560, Q-way can. Where you fudge back him? Well, he's a Tallahassee. Oh, we've got some honey from this daddy. Oh, and it's like that my little granny. Oh, we've been together that's fratty. Oh, well he's the Tallahassee. No, but they're fella. Hey. Well, he's a presidential son. Who doesn't have to run? Someone else is gone away. He might have dropped a suit right in. He's hard. He's hard. He's hard. He has a golden suit. He was born with others. So look out on YouTube. Oh, many for the board. Oh, he's got a house in that sea. Oh, he'll give our table right away. Oh, Rodin, the Tallahassee, F-B-Move of F-B-L-A. Well, in the very wealthy dudes, with very bad shoes, who never paid the shoes. Why make their will all be bruised here? She got her. She got her. She got her. Any smart goods with that rain? Against buddies, but K-Wild, you think they call it Gubler, the Tory landing race. He's a Tallahassee, F-B-Move. Oh, he'll need to K-K-K-K-K. F-B-Move. J-D-S-T-L-H-H-C-H-C. Gubler, F-B-M-L-A. Gubler, F-B-Move. Gubler, F-B-Move. G-D-S-T-S-T-S. Several for the Democrats back at Turing Bush. I don't think they're like that. That's the kind of Democrats we have here in TORD. Okay, they're actually a throwback to the old Dixie Crette. I mean, it's almost the end of the goddamn century. What are you waiting for, okay? All you assholes? We're now at the goddamn names on this thing here already. We're not here here. Lieutenant Governor, I wane, Nixon. Former Governor for three days after we're Lawton, did the dust. Steve Ullfilder, Tallahassee, lawyer and former chairman of the State Board of Regents, and Jim Nagel, Mayor of Fort Latterdale, there you go. Jim Nagel, a Mayor of Fort Latterdale. Great defense, back, boys. Lake Florida. Very sad, very very sad. And you know, I come on here yesterday. Here's another perfect example. Talked about this Bush business and about what a dummy he is with an otherwise guy. Oh well, this guy, some guy, you know, and I think people respect a guy that's giving me money to die. You know, he's just a regular guy. And airhead, a bubblehead, who knows nothing, who stands for nothing except the much repressive crap. But the public likes him, maybe especially here in Florida, he's got 60% of the polls already. They like Bush. They know the name, you know? Any name that's for me, do they like here? They're in the Bush. And he calls on it yesterday? Oh no, none. Not a one. Oh yeah, well, the general law that got elected by the way, actually, was a cool, they're going to general some guy, general took over there. They only got nuclear weapons over there in Indian Pakistan. We shouldn't be concerned about that. How would you expect somebody wants to be present to about something as meaning was in that is that? This Pakistan. And no, I wouldn't have known the name of any of the four people. You know something I'm not running for president. Georgie W. Yeah. Perfect. And what he said yesterday was right. The American public says, oh yeah, we like a guy like that. That's like us. Dumb. We like that. Just the regular guy started a little coke. He's dumb. Just like us. They can relate to that. Just the sea student. Just a maybe sea mine is, but they boosted up a little bit because that he had a lot of money. Just the average marginal student. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Okay. You can see students and repressive clap. I'm flipping it badly. Oh, they did you ever roll while I know you have. Did you ever watch this guy jeans Kennedy? Sure. Oh my gosh. It's an opti. It's a opti. He was after it before he was talking about our first exam. Mm-hmm. And then, and these guys. And what we did to Robert Bork and, oh my gosh. Yeah. He is a full, fledged Nazi. He's got to be, you know, he's speaking of a bushwecker. He's unbelievable, he's got it. It's just, that's scary. It's scary to watch. And see students in the crowd all like bowing down. It's on believable. Yeah. Why is it on believable? Well, but I'm saying it's not on believable because obviously, to 10% the 10% are going to pay him. There you go. He's a book for Robert C. That church, the co-workers president, George Presbyterian church up there and four-laternal. Big, big, gigantic tribute to green. Unbelievable what these guys built. They only need one of them, right? They got an organ up there that's bigger than some people's homes. They only need one of them. They got a big organ. Okay. Have a great day, sir. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's some good news, finally. Law makers from the House of Representatives in Senate Monday reach the Readment on legislation to boost satellite TV services. By allowing them to carry programming from local TV stations. Oh, that made me a good buy cable. I'm sorry, Joe's on a cable tonight. Well, not yet. Okay. After tonight after the Joe Costello show on the Comcast, I need a clock. After this, you can make plans to say goodbye to your cable company because negotiators reached agreement after several last minute changes were made at the behest of consumer groups and two major satellite firms, Echo Star Communications Corps and Hues Electronics Corps, direct TV. Out of the compromise reached Monday and expected to be approved by both of the full House and Senate in just a few days. No problems. Satellite TV firms will be allowed to carry local stations, but will be required to carry all stations in each market where they carry any stations within two years. The companies have said they will offer local channels in the top 50 to 60 US markets given the capacity constraints of their spacecraft and their must carry requirement. The legislation also included a loan guarantee for a women and attempted to bring local programming to satellites and smaller markets. So that means that on your local channels will be there if you have the small dish on the satellite. So those people are worried about, well, if I got the satellite, how do I get rid of my cable bill and still get the local stations? There's the answer. Goodbye cable. Good bye on you cable people. Without your propaganda about how bad satellite is, thank God for satellites, baby. Every time a bird, every time a pigeon flies over to God, then cable goes out to the satellite. So maybe if there's a severe rainstorm, the small dish, you know, you break something goes out for a couple minutes. Maybe you want to have blue moon. The big dish does it ever go out? No, never goes out. Ever. Ever. I mean, in May and October, it gets in a sun spot to the few places are, you know, for a few minutes here and there, but does it completely go out? No. No. So there's some good news for the consumers, finally, for generally getting screwed by a government that loves monopolies unless it's Microsoft. Is that very, very soon, you're satellite people will be able to carry out your local channels and it'll be good by the cable. Thank God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line that line nine, the beta by existence. It's got to be just, you know, it's got to be just the phase of the moon, you know? Fort Myers. Naples. Sarah Soda. Palm Beach. All of these things. I even mentioned the story about the kid that used to work at our Beasley affiliate over there that got arrested for rape, so that's 14 year old girl who the mother found on top of them. I understand. I realize that sounds a little bit unusual. Yeah. Well, that's what the story said. He wanted to be comfortable, I guess. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 and that line nine, that is a Dornier line, 877, 785, Neil. 877, say that it's 785, 63, 45. Here's Boeton Beach, hello. Hello. Hello. This is Ryan again. Sorry. Line 70, work. How about four? No. No. I mean, how many times has this happened Uncle Neil that you sit here, screaming and yelling and thinking your life is coming to an end of phone is up again. God, damn it. God damn this mother's scratch and place. Jesus Christ and Joseph, this is an aridio station. This is a popsicle stand. I'm sitting here, be rating the audience. Have another nervous guy there break down. Get ready to go out and force food down my portion. Kill myself. Give my cholesterol. I'll level up to 350 because we got a lot of radio stations with cracked equipment because I worked for a bunch of cheap, cheap, effing bastards that built $35 million. By the way, you ought to see our construction projects coming here on the third floor. With the wires hanging from the ceiling and the unpaid and wall. And the schmutz all over the place. It's lovely. And why is it like that? Because we're paying the contractor piecemeal and the contractor is working piecemeal. But our phones are screwed up again. Big time. Big time. We got a general manager that stands in here today and makes fun of the Waffen down there. It's building 15 bucks a year because they're doing a high school football game on a cell phone. And like I said, they're a bunch of least their cell phone probably worked. They probably got their game on the year. Our phones do they work? No. There are a piece of crap. As Kathy Lee would say, a piece of pure unadulterated crap. I'm never as long as I live for get the day last year, last early last summer. George and I were down there on a second floor in our old crappy studios. Unlike these newer crappy students, we're sitting down there with our make believe equipment. And I'm going through the whole routine. It's like that skit on STTV. Then I'm about to talk to you guys. Who's going through, you know, we ought to kill puppies and babies. And they still can't get the phone to ring and finally it rings it's a wrong number. And I'm doing the same thing. I'm going to his sterico. I'm screaming on me yelling. I got 73,000 different topics going on. I'm carrying on. And finally it just dawned on me after about an hour and 15 minutes of this frustration. I reach over. I start pushing up the line. They're all dead. They're all dead. And by the way, the good news is our corporate engineer. What's his name again? That's schmuck Bob Demuth. Yeah, he's running around the building again here today. And our phones are still screwed up. That's his area of expertise I'm told by the way. Is the phone system nice going Bob Demuth? Okay, why don't you go over there to God damn Nichols? Go back where you belong. Get out of here. You probably screwed him up. I'm sitting and having an interest break down. And the God damn phone is a piece of crack. Listen to that. That's line four. Yeah. This isn't even you. I'm kippering there. I'm blowing the show for already. Listen to that. And then it goes out. I'll buy it. You see that you can't even keep it on. Woo! Oh, rakes by the beesleys. Okay, that's the headline in the paper tomorrow. Neologers with a real sore. He's been raped by the beesleys. You guys suck. Okay, you guys suck. You bite your blow. There are little kids with a record set with little make believe radio stations. And tiny little two odd transmitters that they bought a radio check. They got better equipment than we got. It's just amazing. It's just amazing. It's just amazing. It's just amazing. How you can work for people this dumb who are making who are taking it in this much money. And refuse a refusal is not the act of a friend refused to give us crap that works. They just refuse. This is five sixty. You a.m. A.champ will know the scores. Learning a chance of a last piece. And we tonight. We. A.m. Sheposh. Hey, hey! Hey, hey! You. It. It. It. It. It. Where. Everybody. It. The. The. It. It. It. It. Think. Think. Think. Think. Think. Think. Think. How. Me. Think. Find. You. He's. He's. Tax another place social searching label, in a new house talking business. And life listen live every day. It's 1132. I pissed off that they won't stay on there, you know what? Now we're getting some no-it improved tones on line 4, I like it. Absolutely, positively, unacceptable and fun, be a legal business place. And they think that I make this stuff up, they really do. I didn't know that he's just a mouth contender. We like to do this because he gets everybody all whipped up. Yeah, I just make it up. I enjoy working in a place where nothing works. Then we have the worst equipment that money can't buy. So we got line 9. We got a call from Naples, hello. Yeah, Naples. I was wondering, where's the 14 year old learn to use the strap on? And why would he handcuff himself up? Yeah. Very odd, very odd. Yeah. Can't you think of a thing about that? It's a bee's leasing man. Yeah. That should answer everything you have to know. That line also didn't sound too good to me. That line sound and he got, that sounded little scuba. But Leity called her in at line 9 from Naples that everything is saying no, but nonetheless, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm sitting here with the two wires and it's in can. Yeah. What's string and two camel suit cans? Does the audience care? No. See, that's one thing about these people. Nothing will move them. Absolutely positively. Nothing. Holy, oh, a glacier is due near the Marshall, the winter phase. Do we have said it about that? No. Let me read our picture. That's a phony autobiography. By the way, do you see that? Who the hell did he really sign that? I don't know. Oh, looks real. Does it look real? He doesn't look real. He looks bizarre. But at any rate, official say they hope that he glaciers who was recruited by this Jockys from power 96 radio station will help him be able to start from his large Hispanic population and attract the diverse crowd of the big winter phase parade, which has a 15 million economic impact on the tourism industry and holy oglacius Junior. Love me an autobiography. I've picked you in the back. It looks like he's got a float away. But he's a good guy and I love his brother. We love you when we Kate. Okay. It's quite a lot of all the other stuff. Nice growing up at our power 96. Okay. Nice going. Do you ever have anybody like Bill with both feet on a ground on that show in the morning? No. No. Here's Katla Red, Chalo. And they're with up. Yes sir. Have a few black friends and they were talking about Dan Marina there today and it's one of the blooded up someone across the country. They're not calling me the day. They won't fetch up to it. I was starting on them. They said they can't stand and that all of them. I don't think that all of them think this. But a lot of them talk every single black person who pays any attention to football, hates Dan Marina like poison. Well, they didn't make hold me and I think it's crap. But they said it was because he's not mobile and he's not very exciting. But I was like, well, we have like every passing record in the world. Yeah. And this guy's done a nice not to real reason. They don't like him because he's got a light wife or something like that. I don't know what the real reason is. They have white wives too. If you don't like him. That's what I mean. No, but another thing about they don't like Dan is because like no one can defend him. What are you going to do against someone they get rid of the ball faster than they can get to you? I mean, this guy named a newer did really good. But I don't want to talk about that. I don't want to talk about that conversation. He's not really good. Okay, he's played for a game. He's lucky or in hell. He's been hit. He's been hit. He's not really good. Okay. No, he's a lot to prove and they're lucky his health. And let me say it again. The nerds on this station and the people that call the station don't understand that if it wasn't for a Linda Murray kick in April in field goals, they wouldn't have won three of those four games anyway. That guy's amazing. Yeah. But nobody talks about him. He should be the MVP of our team. There you go. Have a great day, pal. So the swatches don't like Dan Murray. No, but they sure as I won't call it admitted. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Look at that deadline won't even stay on now. No, no, no. Have you punched it up or did I happen by itself? No, I did not. I didn't punch it up. So somebody's been with our phone lines. Somebody's punching around with our phone lines. Because I didn't punch it all. bizarre. Yeah, I tried the first time. It didn't go on. And then it came on just like just like spontaneously. So somebody is sticking with our phone lines and his company is walking around going. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How do you go like that? See that then what he did stay on there. Oh, that's good. Welcome to crap, come on. I'm going to have a break of motion when you risk better. I don't want you to have a motion when you don't want to pay for it because this is a cheap ass company. Oh that's good. We'll get some reaction with that now. Come on get it back on here. Quick, did it like that? No, sorry. I'm going to have to do that for the worst thing. Pick it right on the ground right. Everything here, just putting it in one of the droplets. Pretend to do a radio show with a phone that doesn't work. Oh my god almighty. Thank you, Norma Kent. Thank you so much. Just remember Norma Kent. Whatever it is, Norma Kent do it. Thank you for getting me hooked up with a bunch of real, real radio people. Oh yeah, with real broadcast. Yeah. Holy crap. As Rick Weaver would say, holy uh, St. Louis. We're by the way, the fast fishing at a 6.4 share. Oh, St. Louis. I'm getting a lot of you. I'll tell you that. I am getting a lot of you here. That foreshare sign is going up real soon. 22 before noon is 5. 60 WQM. Every time Joe gets to that's amazing how you always picked the right time. Of course you have something to last couple of months. It could have been any day. Because since that golf tournament since just before the golf tournament, virtually every day has been like this. Virtually every single day, which is why. And by the way, one of the things that makes your cholesterol level go up not just dietary, but is stress. I would try never knew until I read that in this book here. Yes, stress. Make sure cholesterol levels go sky high. I just mentioned that in passing Greg. Murderer. I wonder they like OJ so much around here, you know? Murderers of a feather kind of do it together. 21 till 12 at 2 a.m. Kim Bocafrotot sports weekend right here. I'm for radio 5.60 Tuesday. There's something wrong with our TV. Our close-up director is upstairs. I ask him what's going through a Thursday. But he runs on that just to the other day. And then he comes back to the show. And then he comes back to the show. And then he comes back to the show. Fuller TV. What was the ring from Lionel and Elder Fox to me? He was family. Just really. I'll see you in the first game of Wiber semua Finish as a Unreal 05 I'd win for you and thank you for your nasty Do you really work wrong zzzt? Darything the Leaf Hello Kidsiary Living with the 15-till midnight at 2 a.m. 15-till millennium, 15-till, I think, and it's a little hand. So we got an engineering as joint as a real rocket scientist. See this is the reason. This is the reason that it's the season for me to get to the point because it's the same bunch of methods that can't get anything done. We got an engineer that's a rocket scientist who says we find that get every line except the course we're lying for after two hours. And the engineer says, well, we've got the process that comes from the project of the nuclear plant for a human species. So we've got the process of something. No, don't do that. You're going to blow out all the cars you need. No, no, that's what George, George, don't say. We've got the force. Is that something from? A two-year-old child would know that rebooting the computer on the phone system isn't going to fix broken phone lines, George Corso, a five-year-old infant. A fetus would tell you what a smile on its post. Then I could have worked George Corso. But thanks for your help. Oh, because tomorrow's payday. Maybe after I get my check tomorrow. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. The other timeline is 87775, Neil 785, 60345. Don't forget, we'll see it specs on South Dixie Highway to Saturday noon to two with all our center one goodies, including our key chains and the OCDs and cassette. And all that good stuff. Here's Sunny Isles. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Great. You need to smoke a big fed join. I'm going to write that up. You'll be all right. Hey, listen. Y'all are. Headline at a New York Post. Have you seen that reading writing in roaches? No. One third of the schools in New York City kept here. They're infested with everything from mouse droppings to cockroaches. Oh, right. I'm going to fact it over to you because it's pretty good. And let me tell you why the black don't like marina because he's good. That's why. And if you're good in your white and your plane sports state, they can't see it. You know, I never thought about that because basically they end the year we know the black some over the day. They're very very. And they resent the fact that there's a great football player as a white guy. So I think that answers the question. That's what they call and they don't and he don't jump around like an idiot. He might be a little prejudiced to race with that don't that shit and everything to do with it. Because they had to Jim Colle and Buffalo like poison. Yeah. And to this day, they still hate Jim. Yeah, they don't have no more rhythm. You know, they have no soul. Yeah, nice. Have a good one buddy. I love the big fed joint. I'm telling you you talk about your cluster level. You won't even have any cluster on you. Okay. All right, buddy. Yeah, they don't like Danny because he's a great player and he's a white guy. There you go. That answers the mystery. That's why you sparkes. He's an Danny boy because he's great and he's a white guy. That's right. They've just about taken over the National Football. They're going to course most of their guys are freaks anyway. Most of their guys that are big God damn linemen. Those big 400 pound slabs like that one guy from Minnesota last night. Look like somebody they stuck his head. I want to guide them machine. He wasn't a thick neck. He was a known neck this guy. Good luck. He could barely move. That's an athlete. Oh, no. That's a cow is what that is. That's a big fat slob is what that is. Those big fat uncles, your mama looking guys. Well, if there's an anti-mimer, I've got to be like an uncle, Jemime. Would you say? I would think so. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Great. Sounds good to me. Here's Bointen B. Hello. Uncle Neal. Yes sir. Your old friend Sam. Yeah. Trying to get through on the phones. What do you mean by that? I'd be trying to get through for an hour. Well, the phones are all stood up. I'm up on you once and the phones. But I have a lot of fighting again. Why did I hang up on you? Oh, because good here. He was on my 7. Oh, you won 7. Yeah, you can hear. Well, I get it. The phone results will appear in our program directors run around while I'm wiping the tears from his cheek. Yeah, they got to do something. Hey, what's up? Hey, I could news for you. What does that mean, Andrew? Yeah, I don't stop calling yourself stem. Your 50 years old already. Stop calling yourself stem. Rough 50 years. Yeah. Have your second child yet? Yes. I had my second child. And how about your wife? Did you have one? Yeah. Yeah. Good. But what did you think of the boy or girl? Little boy? Little boy. And so I get a lot of poopy diapers and stuff. Yeah. I could say. No, I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll pass. Yeah. I said no, but I'm done. Okay. He likes it. I've never actually called you with material before, but I've got something else about time. In the Palm Beach post today, did you hear about the Indianapolis Colts player whose wife died? Oh, I'm so glad you reminded me of that. Yeah. Okay. Well, did you say the headline of the post today corner says accident killed pregnant wife of Colts defensive back? Right. Which is good because the death of Steve Muhammad's wife after childbirth was caused by injuries from an auto accident and had nothing to do with an alleged beating by the Colts rookie defensive back of corner will Monday. That's right. We're supposed to celebrate. Yeah. Nicole Muhammad went into premature labor and died from excessive bleeding Sunday and day after her husband was arrested in charge with three counts of battery against her and her six year old and their six year old son. I got it. Yeah. How about that? Yeah. Beautiful, isn't it? It's lovely. Yeah. And of course they say well, the auto agony to hurt your guy because he didn't really, you know, the baby wasn't still bored because he beat the crap out of his wife. Exactly. They say the auto accident killed her. Meanwhile, she didn't, the accident was so minor that she didn't report it. Right. So, you know, cover up. We believe it. Exactly. Anyone who knows good talking and have a great life side. They care about you. And or whatever you're doing. Yeah. defensive backs wife died after his still birth. But it was caused by injuries from an auto accident. I think the dog doesn't is what I think. You know, it's kind of like a John Boney and like Nicole and Ron, the dog doesn't. Nicole, my hammer went into premature labor and died from excessive bleeding Sunday, 10 days after her husband was arrested in charge with three counts of battery against her and her six year old son. See, that's why we don't like Dan Marino because he's white and he doesn't beat up his wife. I'll let me have my white guy's like Bobby Cox and beat up his wife. But then if you were as bad of a manager's Bobby Cox, you want to beat up somebody too. And since he's a feeble old man, who also is going to beat up besides a woman. And I'm sure his wife is a feeble old lady. So he beat that a lot of her. I just go on Bobby. But this seems to be a very, very common thread with sparks or athletes is abusing women beating up women. I was more in Phillips doing by the way for that jacket that calls 50 times a week. Yeah. Beat up any women this week. Probably they're women. I understand what I'm saying. They're women. 567.0560. Pond 560 on the I'm going to tell you something the next time that's a program the director comes here in the middle of the show and starts telling you what to do. Tell me get that out. Okay, tell me go cry on a rock. I'm serious. Get him on here. I realize he's trying to be helpful. But that's what I want to work with is for that dangerous dangerous. I'm sure we have to get next week's schedule all put together. Don't be dangerous, bluffed. Please. I know you mean well. But so did Hitler. You know? So did Charles Manson. He meant well. But he just kind of screwed things up. Just like God. You know, he means well. But he keeps screwing up all the time. Oh, that was special. Here's a mobile and cool person. Hello. Eric, what are you doing? Am I gay? Last time I checked. Are you? I just wonder if you were. Do you just wondering is it a secret? I don't know. Oh, is there? How old are you five? Yeah. Yeah. I'll get your finger out of your back. Go back to school. Okay, punk. Are you gay uncle? They're scumma fag. Okay. How much you? I'm a fag. I'm an atheist. I'm a bad evil guy. Are you gay? Probably want to date. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. 87775 Neil. 877756345. Great that we hear from our young people out there that has something to contribute on. Yeah. Hey uncle. Are you gay? Do you want to suck on this? Sound uncle. Here's Miami. Hello. Ray, just great. What the color brother calling? Yes sir. A, um, a France with all like damn marina. And why is that? Are they jealous? They said they're in the 80s when Clayton and Mark Clayton and Mark. They're wonderful. Yeah, they're the drug dealer, yeah. Right. They said that he's get all the recognition and all the accolades for everything that was done. Oh, really? When they made the catches and stuff. And then what? Who is the one I was drawn in the hall? Well, I really like damn marina. But, um, I mean, they were great. receivers, but in order to make all those passes, they have to be a great, uh, a pass or two. You have to have a great quarterback to make those guys look good. I agree. You have to have a great receivers to make them look good as well. Well, they're working both ways. All right. I agree with that. So why should they hate him? Why? And because he's always, you know, he's right. No, it's not. I don't think that's it. I think. Well, why do you limit Mark Clayton and Mark Duper? What have they gotten comments? They're both black. Right. Damn marina. He's white. Well, maybe he felt like he got all the recognition because he is white. So maybe he had his five party true. Well, let me ask you something Jim Brown was he white? No. I'm going to say that. Why? What? What? Waterpain was he white? Gail Sarah's was he white? I'm just saying that. I'm just saying white. And it's not. I'm just saying white. And it's not. I'm just saying. What's that? What happened? How was that? And it's a, I mean, what are these people talking about? I agree. I like damn marina. But I mean, that's that's what I've been hearing from my friends. Come to get off the end. You live here. Well, I think you're, uh, but they, you, you, you, you came to radio. Uh, you would have been a little bit of a, you know, you know, you know, you're talking about, you're talking about, yes. You're talking about how we're, uh, doing this Robin is this comeback. Yes. But he kind of like he made a self like as far as his image. I don't think he's like, you know, what he went through with his wife or his ex wife, whatever on the beach. I mean, I don't think that was, uh, I'm just going to call him or come back, you know, he's even doing this crap for a few years. He's never been arrested for being women or anything like that. Not yet. No. No, because she was beaten him. I think they were beaten each other. Yeah. I just think that was off that comment for you. Make about that. No, it was not. He's just scumbagnigger is what he is. Wow. That's my opinion of him. Okay. If you want to invite him to your house to have a good time. I mean, okay. I like this. Yeah. Oh, see, he's okay, but he just wanted him to his house. Yeah. He don't want anybody that looks like that in dresses like that coming to his house because then people will start whispering you. I'm saying, I don't want him in my house. And I'm a guy then, Faggot. 567. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. So they don't like Danny because he was white. This is 560, 2AL. Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to it. And go for weekday after noon's at 2 sports radio 560, Q 8 L. Omega We're gonna get a little closer, it was the day of the day We're gonna get a little closer, it was the day We want the white house to be all big I got to catch the sky So he can't even be real I can't even like to come to my side I can't even sit on my side That's the way it's all I'm gonna go to the cover And I did today So he's going to go to the cover And then he's going to get a little closer That's good I can't even get a jump I can't even jump That's good From the end of the line It's bleeding over That was something special How do you like that? That was great I could hear you talking to the caller Or whatever line you were talking What line were you on? 7, 7 Oh, I'll see those two lines of both screwed up Oh, let me try How about 7? Hello You're going to see it You're going to tell me here's the gun Okay, our phone's here all screwed up Boys and Girls, but anyway, thanks to our friend from New York Who thanks me this from the post About all the sex attacks that are going on in school Student, non-Stoot and sex attacks And also All the crap, the schmutz, the filth In the schools, in the cafeteria, etc Jigians and Jigians that help filations all over the school There's because in America do they care about your kids? No, no I can't depend on this It's so good in small Do my best Here's what I can't read a gun In thing, 319 Mouse droppings Chicken and feel served too cold No place for workers to wash hands in the kitchen No sneeze guard for the student serving line One thank youth for preparing food And washing pans and screens torn Here's the next school Flies and roaches Milk more than 10 degrees to warm Refridgerator stuck at 73 degrees And the door wouldn't close And a worker not wearing a hair restraint Plus In the food My food served items stored in employee locker room Stove doesn't work properly Peeling paint broken floor tiles Rusted can opener mice Dirty meatmen sir overflowing garbage And on fish sticks left out on illiquip the steam table Two cold and eat Oh, right in the middle of lunch, are you doing this to us? Nice This is what's going on in your schools, does anybody care? Oh no No That's why your kids are about to control Kids are killing each other Nobody cares about kids in this country And especially down here You can only begin to imagine the kind of horror stories We can get out of the cafeteria down here If the kids ever get in the in there All I can say is Is Look at that, I won't even stay on line enough to do it Come on, you can do it It just goes off By itself Ha ha ha ha Gannett Just don't restart and have a good time with that too 560560 on a phone line that worked 560 on the AT&T line and the out of timeline that does work 877-785 meal 877-785-6345 Here's Kendall, hello Neil, yes sir Spirey pork, Rick Fantz's On the causeway Pickings As nose Yeah He was picking a winner And by the way he just came out of the closet Yeah, okay 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line 877-875 meal 877-775 And 6345 Here's my me sure, so hello Hello, Neil Yes sir He is the best fishing guy Yeah He was talking about the need of bad fishing call I need to call her from somebody who watches it on television I always watch it every weekend on the AT&T shows it up I think it's great It's great for one That's for entertainment It's entertaining to watch somebody else go fishing If you take a fishing in the weather's rough It's pretty rough You know what I mean? I mean, I see this would be entertaining to watch somebody else take a bow movement I don't understand why you watch somebody else fish Why would anybody watch golf on the fish is watching a golf on the street Same exact thing No, that really because the fish and your fish with your rod Real your worms Yeah, everything Well there are a lot of things you can do with your rod That might be more interesting looking at But the fishing Every weekend I've been doing it for years Let's go You know what that is? What do you think? We're watching a show getting excited You're excited about it Sure You and your buddies? Sure You got your rod out while you're watching it That bad rod, but I got my rod You got your rod? You haven't even got my girlfriend in a do it Does she take some months of the oil we go out fish and go to worms out Get a little bit of that? Get your rod out and throw the worm out See what you'll do with it Okay, you got your rod out Anywhere about that damn arena face? Yes The fighters they can keep that We'll keep going Okay Okay Take care 560 There's a white guy who's sticking up for damn arena I know this guy does watch bass fishing Bad bass fishing, we still like him So sick and turn of all the marino bashing that's going on All his bullcraft all his ungrateful bastards in his town What are you done for us lately, Danny Boy? What are you done for us? We got this other guy this hero and there this, you we long Whatever this guy's name is, that we don't know what his name is That he's pretty good You only got 72 times in a four games 877-785-Neil 877-775-6345-9 On the out of town line, the Florida line which is dead as a door nail I don't know what this thing stays on Ask you, almost day on And I get goosebumps here in that Here's coral springs, hello You don't finally got through, they're trying Yes Well, our phone system is all screwed up Don't tell that to the management here or to our god they mentioned here Who's a great A moron don't tell that to them but our phone system They've never got her right, we've been in the studio for eight months now And he's still can't get it straightened out It's a good thing it's a top show Yeah, right like Hank said a couple of months ago there's nothing It's a little bit scary when you're doing a talk show on a telephone And you can't get a phone that works You know, a joke I've told us a Saturday morning shows the greatest That's how he would I wish he would get an hour of day to talk about the number one spectator Sport in America which is automobile racing I mean I'm going to spend four days down in the homestead And we're going to go see sports, spectacular That draws bigger than any super balls that we're drawn And when you go to Europe the formula one race is each one of those races Draw us bigger than any soccer game Yeah, I'm telling you that is the number one sport Yeah, if you know ice creams the number one flavor And how many black drivers do you know of you? The black drivers I see are all going too slow to be on a racetrack But I rather my case, they don't want to get stopped you know I rest my case They don't want no crack problem, okay pound good luck to you Okay, so we got a guy that watches auto racing We got to watch his bandstitching Let's take a pool and which one got the biggest problem 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line Here's West Palm Beach, hello Hey, how you doing? Okay, I have a question for you I read the paper this morning something about Pat Valbori Mr. Doctor's appointment, what's the story? He didn't miss his doctor was sick he can't see all those appointments Doctor was probably playing golf Does he only doctor he can go see? Yeah, that's what I find bizarre you know if there was any sense of immediacy on this You think that he goes see another doctor I sure hope they're not taking them that clinic you know I want to mention the Cleveland clinic on the area He was taking where Joe Rose goes for his head job Yeah, you know he take them to the doctors that they do the orthopedic men Yeah, you know let him go there. Well sure is how not the Cleveland clinic That's not that don't they have a team position? Yeah, what's he doing? Doctor Pusco and yeah, he's at the Cleveland clinic And they don't want to go to him You're asking me I don't know all I know is the doctor was sick and he can't hold his appointment And they're just doesn't seem to be any sense of immediacy And they're knocking five and a half bucks off on the five dollars What the kids do? I think it's tomorrow night because they're afraid nobody's going to show off She can't feel it. Well, she just give refunds is what they ought to do Yeah, people pay and they see this guy play If he can't play because he got a sore pinky Tom put away the sun don't show Exactly, stick it up to him or he sounds good to me Hey, you'll have a great day And back to you. Yeah, the people are getting a little bit impatient Okay, pop, Lov, they're getting impatient already sweet heart Yeah, it's sticking outside ways Okay, let me say it again. Any guy's got a picky that's sticking outside ways belong to La Cajra full 560 50560 on the 18T line 8777856345 online nine on the Florida line the Royal famous Florida line baby. It's smoking 10th Mass noon a QA Jim Madditch talks for a ride right here on Sports Radio 560 QA and Yeah, get ready Just give me that old child's religion I'll do it right now then break You See as we say just give me that old child's religion Our way is the best And if you don't fully, you'd like me, believe me So your past is that All well, Robert's videos you learn Don't wear a Tom and can't chew Relatively intervention with a big rose Roy Thanks to doctors just like you Be a good Christian man You have to understand They've been dollars are a thing for the difference It's a thing It's a simple time religion And you don't rather be Like when you're holding is that time of the month You make your stand outside for a week Just give me that old time religion And me and R.A So I could chew five of ones It's the eye again for giving The next day I don't give a capital to live But abortion's wrong to me A man should make love to his wife To a whole in the sheep The Bible is the foundation Of a whole Christian man Like the fact it was written by And who did it where it passed Just in that old time religion With the Bible you obey And interpreted to validate The right time of the race And he should give me that old time religion And let it check to maybe his And anybody else Just goes or goes and says He's not there Yeah, what's up with Christian you should Maybe 1260 to 560 over to QIM Tom and schools are played by a vermin and fill file I love the story from New York And of course like I said here We wouldn't have that one No, not having it in here Rats and roaches and mice And cockroach dust And all the other good stuff And here human here And roaches in the food And very after that So if you have any fat kids Set them up in New York to school Okay, they'll come back real slim 560, 560, pound five Look at that again Look at this again Just un-freaking believable This two weeks in hell I'm going to write a book two weeks in hell Here's Miami, hello Hello, Neo Yes sir Who's the only black athlete I had the blessing of both the black and the white Do you only one? Yeah What does that mean? Michael Jordan How about Tiger Woods? What do you think about Tiger Woods? Tiger Woods I don't think he's an athlete He hangs up the phone He hangs up the phone That's their conversation That's our call From this brooding this rocket side Let me say it again He's not an athlete He's a golfer, he plays golf He's a snob He's a rich snob He has the blessing of black I couldn't give a crap less about Tiger Woods See, well this is the thing The black folks will call and admit this I think we've outed them on something They don't like to end where you know They hate them like poison Because you got credit for being a great quarterback Even though the two receivers were black Seems to me they're more Clayton and Mark Duper Got all the credit in the world for being a great receivers I don't get it They don't like him because he's white And white guys aren't supposed to be playing In the national football league Maybe one of those little candy ass putters Or one of those goddamn place kickers Like we got from Dallas last night that makes about one out of every ten Maybe that's okay Here's four miles Hello Neil Yes sir Hi, why are you sir? Sarkonic I don't blame you Short time listener for just turned me on your show And I've really been enjoying it the last few weeks Looking forward to listening to many more I have a question for you I have a chance I believe to come over their Saturday To watch the Panthers play Buffalo And I've never been over there Yeah And I heard you talking a few days ago There's a stadium that you said isn't a really terrible neighborhood Is that the one that comes in? No, no, no Oh okay Because I don't want to get off on the wrong exit No The Mcerrain isn't a great threat by my house You know what's going to be a good neighborhood How do I know who you are? They got a big arrow at the point that you out of the ceiling Yeah Okay, I will finish it I want to make believe Jack and I'll let it be me Okay, I'll be happy I was listening to the religious song you just played there And I wanted to tell you the Catholic aren't the only ones that are messing up But coming up there's a loop run up in the Detroit Michigan The retreat passes in our church I was like 13 me and my buddies are hung out Two of the pastors were breaking two of my buddies mothers There's no fact in the church Well there you go that's good at least it was women anyway Those are the guys who were teaching us our caddy kids Right So caddy kids Yeah Okay pal All right you have a great life Take care Let's take care of these last two and I'm going to music But I'm going to take 40-50 aspirin Here's a pay phone implantation Hello Long time listener first time color And I got all my material right here and four loader down I live in the United States except for now I'm working over seed so I brought my wife over here to come shopping day But for yesterday and of course yesterday was the first day of shopping So I take her to one of our finest craft shops here on Fort Waterdale We have a two-year-old and we have a two-month-old My wife's walking through the store She's shopping she's looking with her mother And she's breastfeeding our son is two months old Some lady comes down the out I'm on my mom I'm on my mom She's got it Yeah, I wanted that out in Spanish That's real eyes that my wife's from Mexico I understand everything she's saying Tell her lady you can't breastfeeding this store She says we'll what do you mean There's no sign that say no breastfeeding This is typically you know a woman's type of store Probably 70% of the customers So the woman goes you can't do that A man's walking past my wife In Spanish she basically says hey don't be a pervert And watch this woman nurse or sign My wife's looking at the man No one once she said never even had eye contact So then the woman walks over to the baby's trailer Rounds one of the little quilts that we have in there Walks over to my wife If she tries to throw a quilt over the baby in my wife She drops the clipboard hits the two-month-old In the head In a course you know my wife goes ballistic Hitch the two-month-old in the head With the clipboard Now it's an accident But the idea is is you know how can she go over to our baby's trailer To grab with quilt We've got a 70-dollar outfit on which is made mothers wear Which is strictly third so you can feed your baby and public with that your buzzroom showing It's just amazing the people we got working in the customer service area And it doesn't matter they just they don't understand the other customers I just want to let you know It's my favorite great vacation Thank you. Thank you. Good time. Yeah, fantastic. Thanks. Thank you. There you go another soft photo horror story 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line 877, 775, Neil 877, 775, 6345 on line 9 I'm starting to wonder about all these phones You know, you're starting to get turned And like this one over here I just don't know how many confidence in the great technical capacities of this radio station It will be the broadcasting now Whatever this is It's just unbelievable Every day if you do something new or something old or something recurring Something old, something borrowed, something blue Preferably something old like our equipment You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, like these cartiques From our Coney was an infant Here's Miami, hello Miami Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello, yes sir There you are I'll say hello Oh, you can hear me Hey, you know that was another line that died Another Miami Anyway, listen, you know I'm sorry you're going through all this crap Been trough, but you still keep it up a good show Yeah, oh yeah, it's great I just wanted to relate a story, something happened to me yesterday I work in a dental field I was in a dental office yesterday waiting for one of the rooms to be empty So I can go in there and work And they had a newspaper, a Catholic newspaper I don't believe in anything Okay So I'm reading this thing And basically I'm looking to see this, you know, any mention of the child molesting priest When you think like that, you know, and then one of the letters to the editor is a guy asking a question What does a church stand on a death penalty? Yeah And they said, well, you know, we don't support it because it doesn't allow the criminal a chance to repent for each thing And it's basically being used only on minorities Right? Yeah I mean, blacks and Hispanic and things like that So I just, I'm looking at this thing I'm laughing at this crap You know, I don't agree with it, right? Yes sir This lady comes up to me and she says, well, why, you know, why are you laughing? She turned up to be the owner of the demolff Why are you laughing at the world? I just can't believe that What they're saying here That they told, you know, they told newspaper He's so full of it So, you know, I'm not afraid of the people You know, I think that's what they're saying Making believe this world is like this great place And it's not like that, you know, it's a lot about people out there And basically, by just someone say, okay, well, I'm really sorry that I killed a 12 guys Then the church is saying, okay, even if you're from here Yeah And the whole street, I'm sort of buying it and she basically kicked me out of the office So I'm a dental office Right I'm not a religious argument in a dental office In a dental office I know So, it's for us Got a lot of you bitch There you go, nice going pal Yeah, you're miserable damn bitch And she's trying to spread propaganda in a dental office Fucking bitch You're this bitch How do you like that? You can't go anywhere without these crazy people Pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa, recognizing their bull crap Okay, go back into the stone age I got a great book for you by the way, sweetheart Very coincidentality should call me the Peterny Rosa The Vickers of Christ, the dark side of the papacy It'll go on a great light about the Crusades And the Spanish Inclusion And the thousands and thousands and thousands of innocent men Women and little babies that your people murdered Because you wanted to make them an offer they couldn't refuse The Vickers of Christ Great reading for that bitch and a goddamn dental office, okay Instead of that propaganda, you got sitting out there Put a few copies of this in the waiting room 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line 877, 785, Neil on the Florida line 877, 785, 644 26 past no to QA The best of me on 99's, BB is here And you're in the end of now And all the specs, music stores Catch meal of hearing live That the specs across from UM at 1670, South of Cihaiway And oral cable Saturday from New South to New The best of me, a benefit for a center one From 560, QAM Maybe you know my jockey shorts 1, 2, 345, come on over hunting Now come and take a drive to my big house And chocolate, wow, we can both get juts And maybe a little Panama And a lot of people are going to be a lot of people And I'm not a zombie business She's out for a week, I'm not a kid And the candy store is down to the street I have pretzel, hot dog, soap, air, and pizza You remember, middle village, you're leaning Tower pizza, it's gonna be a wild sound Not a home in New York It's just to me, it's the orange sheet It's like a sport, it's just like that It's all good, some of the North are hunting now Go on my trumpet, oh they're a bit of a pongo And my eyes, a little bit of a pongo Now, when did the pongo tell you what I'm saying? When she's far away, back to the ring Oh, there's a bit of pongo, what I need A little bit of pongo, a bit of pongo And more, we, a little bit of pongo Here I am, a little bit of you, I'm a happy man I'm gonna run out of the door I'm gonna run out of the door Oh, my furs, over at the North period, you're a sport brought us a nice lunch today Mayday, what I said, my furs, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday Mayday, okay? Anybody remember that great call by a witch in the rat? Brad Mays' quote, I want to go, Mayday And remember that? No, no, only fat boy in me, that's it A little silly cheese steak here with some onions Delicious, with no bread of course Is it gonna make up for yesterday and all that food? Oh, you know what I was saying? No calls about that, because I'm the only one I've been honest enough to admit that I do things like that The eating binge, nobody But that's okay I'm the one that's imperfect, all you people out there Thank God we got all you folks, you're the perfect people On the asshole, thank God for me It's always gotta be one Here's four peers, hello Hey Neil? Yes sir We called you earlier, a couple months ago, I get this surfer So together over here, no, and we just passed And out here, I told him how a nut you were And show what you play that song Let's go to my any, hello My name? Yes sir Okay, Neil, yeah, I just wanted to comment on, I got I just called about the death penalty I'm a Catholic myself, and to be honest with you I mean, I was against the death penalty until I went to Catholic High School, one of our professors told us that you know, if you're at your home and someone makes it into your house and they threaten your life And you kill them, you know, you're not held accountable for that Because you're not held accountable for that You're not held accountable morally By the Catholic Church Yeah, well screw the Catholic Church, okay No, how dare the Catholic Church talk about morals When they've been slaughtering all these thousands of people throughout this Centuries? How can they talk about morals? Well, to be honest, I have to mention, molesting all the altar boys How can the Catholic Church be giving you any instruction on morality? Okay, well, this was in the Catholic Church, this was a particular Catholic priest Yeah, okay, it was Catholic priest And he's giving you instructions on morality He's a fact in the church Yeah, well, anyway, point being is that society has a right to defend itself Just like any citizen does And that's why the death penalty should not be found By the Catholic Church, even though I'm Catholic, I'm this or anything You tell them to come and you understand what's over here To stick his nose in his own business and I come over here and stop any executions, okay? And have a great day You know, you fight the good fight, you try to get these guy damn people off their ass You try to buy a goddamn phone call You try to listen a little bit of response You throw 728,000,000 topics out there And you're still getting it because this is the land of a walking dead And it's never going to change Now what we get is a bunch of stupid ass We're not paired for it, Paris, could you please play And that's their idea of a phone call That's the idea of a talk show The answer is no Not to mention of course, the extra little The extra little I like I said you win I lose 22 to 1 a QAM 560, UAF Jim Mandage, talks sports Weekend right here On sports radio 560, QAM This place stands for nothing I'm taking a picture I'm taking a picture I'm taking a picture I'm taking a picture I'm taking a picture, I'm taking a picture I'm taking a picture I'm taking a picture Mother never make men to act Three, three, two, three, two Checking camera, my dessert, Dark Donna And 12 is cold with blue won and on it The mouth was so cold that you couldn't speak Baby, something's up the pie Really cold, you crazy I never will forget when you ride the ram With dribble on your chin you said Not that when you finish what was left A chicken bone, you could bathe to sea The wind didn't warm But you was more in love with the freezing beans My advice to you, get a plate of your hips To fit and a pair of jeans for my dress from that Colombian fish. All that summer day, you wake your sandwich, giant beef, foodable, love trick, and I was your day and on that picnic that day and the summer in the summer. I can't believe she did found a word of rack of ribs, bullets and everything that fits. I'm sure she'll never forget all that picnic that day and the summer in the summer. See. Three days like things we see, like the things we see, but we must have new. We swear with my gay, if you were, if I was better, like my friends, they'd look to your parents,boxy-s cymbal r, appear at night hustick I'll be a good friend just well here old girls Who think we're at your end? Yes, I think it's all that they all figured out We're hiding our lives and seeing One thing is for sure, we can Man, man, you're a new world Why don't we love the galaxy sky? Don't you love the sun and your light? But today we think that we can't let it stay We can't wait to win our game I'll swim with that game And kids, you want to bring excitement to your breakfast table We'll fire up your taste buds with a hit a sugar crack Sugar crack! Yeah! Make sugar crack apart if you're found size Once you try sugar crack, you'll never go back One bowl of sugar crack will have you flying through the dead And guess what kids? Each box of sugar crack comes to the surprise In my box of sugar crack, I gotta play good Sugar crack is only available through a guiding leeway Down a Main Street, you'll get your sugar crack today It's the day with a hit of sugar crack All right! Sugar crack is kid tested and mother approved Sugar crack is a bad sugar crack I made that lazy hit thing I knew the most useful ones Sparling And then I hit the street To go check out my town And we'll have to do a squad out of our lives There was a black guy, man in front of the door And said in him, a gun and your blood was going down Man, look at me and if I was some kind of brain And you won't believe what he's called thing Sugar crack is only sugar food How did you like it? Sugar crack is only sugar food There's a dude so like a chicken Who's the chicken? So how do you know like a chicken? You put me in the chicken, so I'm so sorry He's very funny, I hate for you And he told Alice gun, I never used to And in learning he panics is an old one Then he named that thief And said he has left it with old dudes Oh my god, the new cops are gone, pal And that lazy I'm not always dying Someone called the ferrametator I bring to you, man another dude said man You must tell a country fool To be honest again, it will be good And you, you put me in the chicken How I always do like the chicken Who's the chicken? You said you don't like the chicken You put me in the chicken I'll keep going, like the chicken You put me in the chicken You put me in the chicken You put me in the chicken How did you do like the chicken You put me in the chicken You fed man en Ix said in the breast I surrender. I'm waving a white flag. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes sir. Neil. Yes. Lord Neil, bon time first time. All right. Hey. Anyways, I just wanted to comment about that, uh, Brad that I've read. The day day go, that I felt like a couple years ago, that was just a highlight reel over goal. Just like Bill Lindsay's, he'll beat Reapork out of his pants. Just like Reapork out of his pants. Just like Reapork out of his pants. Just like Reapork out of his pants. Just like Reapork out of his pants. Just like Reapork out of his pants. Oh, please. Anyway, I wanted to tell you that we're trying to get out of here trying to go to college someplace else. So, please do your social favorite man. This is not, this is not for the living. This is a place for the dead. Hey, tell me we're going to be on Wednesday night. You don't see it again. We got here on my hockey. In my seat. Sweet. All right. Little one. Yep. All right. See you there, pal. There's a hockey guy. How do you like that? He better get out of here. Do we have any hockey people here? No. About 10 of us. That's it. Let me ask you something. You know, you know, something at this point at this stage of my life. I am so close. You know, I was thinking about this in the, I was in the pool yesterday afternoon of all things. And I was thinking about all the places that I've worked. And you know, there's first duration. They paid me a lot of money. This is a tough town. It always has been. Look at that. Look at this. This whole phone is screwed up. And I'm from New York. Call this. Okay. You stupid bitch. This whole phone is after. And I'm sitting here ready to just get off the walkout and throw my whole life away because I worked for assholes. How do you like that? 7, 8, 9, 4. Put away appreciate. Huh? And we got bought the move from Fort Myers running around over here. And Naples, whoever that led, scumbag is from one of the bees lay boys. He's the expert on phone systems. See, like you, you know what you said. You never worked in a real radio station before because this is the only place you ever worked. Most of the people I hate to say this, but most of the people, especially in management positions in this place, they would be laughed out of any real radio station even in this market, which this market is a joke. But they'd be laughed out of most places here. What does that tell you? That's right. Even as bush league of account, as this is with people like, they're going to want to buy some old names on the year with numbers smaller than their press size, which is saying a lot. And we got a full system here from a hell. Say after day, week after week, month after month. Can they get it right? Oh, can they do anything right? No. Will they make the effort to get it right? And the best part of the whole deal is there's no sense of immediacy, you know. I mean, is there anybody running around on a hall? Anybody trying to do anything besides your chorizo saying, oh, reboots a phone again. You got too many calls on there. I want to clear the lines again and get them pissed off again. George, you're a crazy person, Mr. Corso. You're a crazy, crazy, crazy person. And I'm sick and tired of all the excuses in this story. It reminds me of last year one day. There was a short couple months after we came here. We down around a second floor. And of course, at the beginning, remember when Greg Reid ran off to Chicago? Because he knew it was a technical disaster. Like a coward like a Spinal's lying jellyfish. Remember that? I sure do. Had a couple months later, we were having more phone problems one day. Or was with the ISDN? We couldn't get the damping on the air. Because when we were down on the second floor, we didn't have a hard line in the big transmitter. We were on the phone line doing the show every day. Well, this particular day, the ISDN, out of many days, wasn't getting us on the air. So George, our George calls over to their George. George, George, of course, on the engineer and the other building over in Sheridan Street. We got a problem over here. We need you to, whatever the problem was that day. It was some kind of a, you know. And George, of course, was responses. All my cars are in the shop today. I'm, I'm a story. My hand at the sky. That's a true story. My car is in the shop today. Well, isn't there anybody else? Somebody who's got a car who can bring our wonderful time of engineer over here. And maybe get us on the air. Maybe call. Okay. His car was in the shop. His, his hand is couldn't be bothered to get over here. Maybe you should have gotten on the hitchhike. Is that a response on our, on a professional radio station? My car is in the shop. I can't get over there. In a station where there's 700 other people in that guy. They're threatened. They're threatened. They're threatened. They're threatened. That's what after we insisted that maybe somebody might bring him over. Somebody gave him a ride. How do you like that? Somebody gave him a ride. What a concept. See there. You're going to make in trouble again. Trying to make these people work the Reneer income. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey new, I got a couple things first for David. You're going to be fired on a half to quit. I'm giving him a hard time if you're doing a job when you're like, oh, I agree with you. 100%. Let him fire my ass. Okay. That sounds good to me. Let him try. Anyway, that's far my friend ass. Okay. And the rest of me to a glance. I want to have to review the spots that they run for the Panthers and stuff. I'll listen to the game the other day. Yeah. That's Pablo's out again. Correct? The broken thinking. You went through that and that's the other thing. They run it out by way. They run it out by way. And it's finger two. Yes. They run it in the spot. They know the rocket's back. This is not near the news. Checking this stuff before they put it on there. Anybody here? You mean here? Yeah. Yeah. You got to be kidding me. I guess I got it all wrong. I guess you got it all wrong. We got spots on there. Hey, wait till you hear the spot that just comes to eat Bob Cadelsky and Stu Barnes tomorrow night. Oh, it's going to be great. Unbelievable. And don't forget Marty's stock. I think we got a spot promoting Marty too. Unbelievable. Hey, man. You take care. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for carrying it off to make a phone call. Sir, God bless you. Of course, what you got a phone that don't work. Oh, look at that. Maybe line eight. I'd be working again. Okay. See, this is this is very, very suspect. Do what I'm saying. I don't want to sound. But we're doing a bit like paranoid. But they're working. They're not working. They're on. They're off. What was that all about? Well, we've taken calls today online eight. No, I understand that. I do understand it. But that's why it was vacant for a long, long time. There I checked it. It was not working. Didn't you hear it when I punched it up on here and it was going. Like that. Like that. And then finally, when like. Thank you. Whoo. Where the hell are you going to hear that in America? Besides, on the new Rogers Freckenshow, on his make-belie radio station. Where else are you going to hear that crap? This is five sixty two a.m. Wake up with the first key. No, no, no, no. Jeff the part of the C. Go, no. We need more than six. Only on sports radio five sixty two a.m. WCWA, my dad's horse bought her dad. Oh, the larger two hour. All right. Come on everybody. Don't look at man. We don't pay you again. We be picking to the right. And he finds it to be the knee. You take a pumpkin, you fool. Boy, it must have been stupid. You have it down and so on. Hold on. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Let be new home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open. No. This is me. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Open home. Right. Go. Open home. Open home. Let's lower the control. I'll try to open. Jeez. I'll run around. fuck. Fuck. Hey, you know, this is a similar mind of me about this. If that guy that Steve Muhammad did offensive back in the course that his wife didn't be beaten the crap out of her and a pregnant baby that the baby wasn't still born and she didn't die as a result of that. And it was that car crash that she walked away from and didn't even report. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. How are you doing, Neil? Okay. Neil, I just want to tell you not too much material, but I have the bends as you do. I'm a fairly decent looking person. I'm not overweight, but I'll tell you. My worst enemy is the bread in the process. So I want to let you know you're not alone. Why is it that nobody wants to do? I don't want to. Because everybody's perfect. Just you and me were the only perfect. I don't give a crap. Yeah. Good job, that's nice one. How do you make this dream? Yeah. I'm just for a kid. Yeah. So anyway, I'm doing it now. I feel better after I eat and I'm fine. Yeah. So I know it's not just me. I just got to eating all. I mean, our good friends over there at Maya days, they mean well, but they brought us all the stuff. That's interesting. All these onion rings and those jalapeno peppers that I like so much. Those real all those are the best with the cheese inside. The deep fried ones. The deep fried ones. The piece of raw deep fried. So I just got to eating a whole and of course my cholesterol is already high. I have a feeling I'll probably be swollen by the end of the show, but it was very good. There you go. I just don't do it all the time. Yeah. Well, listen, I was, if I see in this place too much longer, I will be dead before the, we turn the year down. We don't want that. I'm talking about it. Listen, it's all a conspiracy. You're trying to drive you over the eggs. Don't you see that? Is that it? No, that is. It's a question. Everyone you have. And if you were around here, you'd understand, they're not that clever. Look, I just called to get the number and whoever she was at answer with just hung up flat on me as soon as the number was announced and I thought she was just the root of thing in the world. Oh, yeah. Really? I don't know if you like her, but I don't know. She's flying the phone down on you. No, what? Near the news number, please. And she just kept, and I go, thank you. That's fucking bitch. Yeah, that's nice. Well, you said it not me. Okay. How do you want? Take her yourself. There's a lady who's not perfect, just like me. Okay, she binge eats. Yes, she. Well, there's them. I'd have been, we have different shifts. My Carlos is none or like all day long. Or if it was Carlos, she would be appropriate. Right? All right. Don't be so bitchy. Don't be a bitchy queen, Carlos. Okay, just because I tossed those poor magazines out yesterday. I'll let you might elect them. Floor lines open. 1-800. What is it? 1-877-785. Yeah, we think, um, made a very profusely. By the way, he wanted me to say that even though the audience can't say, John Roberts is a douchebag. That's the make our buddy from made a savvy audience can't do that. But I can do it. Can I do it? Oh, that's my show. Used to be my show. But boy, I tell you, we're coming to a bitter or bitter ending here. Yeah, it's really a very, very nasty, sad tragic, but very expected way for this whole thing to wrap up. I shouldn't know from that first, from the first contact I had with this man after he had me signed a contract. Lies and lies and lies. Oh, we're going to do this. We're going to do that. Stay to the art studio. Where we're going to run Billboard campaign, counting down the days until I came back on the year. That was a promise. We're going to run a Billboard campaign. And we can go 50,000 watts. So maybe somebody could hear the station inside of a building, which at the moment they can't. And pop, pop, pop. We're going to do this. Stay to the art studio. Yeah. Lies and lies and more lies and more. These are wannabes like I told you a long time ago. These are people. Not to the beeslee. It's the wannabes leaves. That's what I'm going to start calling from now on. The wannabes leaves because they're wannabes. They're broadcasters. They're an industry joke. But anyway, moving right off. And then this morning, my first, I'm in a good mood this morning. I had all that food yesterday. I've been jat. I got on my car. Who's the first person I seen in a parking lot? Screw in. Oh, I hear good morning, Neil. And of course, I don't respond. I go rushing out of there to the elevator. I get an elevator. And I'm hoping I can get that thing to close and sure enough. She presses the button. I mean, there's two elevators down there. OK? She could have waited and got on the other one. No. So she gets on a relaxed. Good morning, Neil. And I said, save it. Don't waste your time. And now she gets, we get to the second floor where she's getting her ass off of there. And she says, what did I ever do to you? I said, we don't have the time to get in the bat. What did I ever do to you? This devious mother scratching, game playing, covering up scandal bitch. When you know, if there's any more fallout from that golf tournament, Tracy, you're going to have to take the fall for it. When a man came up with that song, was it the spinners? Or was it Joe? I think Joe South did it first. And then the spinners games people play. They had her in mind when they did that song. Games people play. And I've told you so many times before, one thing about us gay or the spagmen, one good thing we got going, we don't have to have intimate dealings with women. Because most women are game players. They love to play games. Here's Carl Springs, hello. I knew. Yes, sir. Big fan of your show. All right, you're bad. And I think what appeals to people most about your show is your ability to talk bad about your bosses. Yeah. But I know problem in this place. I'll tell you that. I would have to embellish it a bit. Well, I wanted you to confirm or deny something. I found out something troubling. And that's somebody that works at WQAM. That's 20. Yeah, well, he told me that you and the decent, or, you know, they love you. And it's just your stick. No, it is not my father. They may love me, but I sure is all the whole of them. Well, I do. He claimed, you know, you got your stick of seed. I don't even know the beesleas. What is he talking about? I don't know the beesleas. I've seen two of them for about two minutes twice since I've been here. I don't know the beesleas. I don't want to know the beesleas. Oh, OK. So it's not true. No, it is absolutely untrue. Who is this person that told you that? I can't tell you what. But I met him at a Starbucks. He's telling me about the station. And he worked here. So the rating thing. He was here. Yeah. I think it's, you know, why don't you want to tell me who it is? Because it's not, you know, it's not, I don't know. I wasn't saying the same douchebag was it? But I just thought that was all you know. Why would you call and make a comment like that, which happens to be a total fabrication in a lie, and you can ask anybody in this building. And they'll tell you that to lie anybody that knows me and knows the situation here. And you won't want to tell us who it is. It has no credibility. Yeah. People, they're almost over, you know, after a dealer's time. Are you a journalist? No, no. So what does that have to do with this? I mean, I just, if you ask me a question about somebody, you know, I wouldn't want to expect you to. It's a sicker. Because I don't want to embarrass the guy. Well, well, well, because the guy is a liar. I think I have a right to know that. When somebody is telling you that this is just sick, he's either a very stupid, which is possible if he works here because we have a lot of stupid people, or he's be just a liar. Or boy, yeah. I just thought it might add up, though, because you're you get incredible ratings. Yeah. You're paid, row, row, row. Come on, let me answer this. Let me answer this. I'm sorry. Let me answer this. Let me answer this. No, no, you should be. You've got it backwards. Maybe they love me. I despise them, okay? You've got it backward. Did I, did I create the phone problems here today? Is that sick? Do I do? You can see how you, someone could come up with that conclusion. Come up with it. It can take some time. Let me answer you. Did I bring O.J. into the golf tournament? No, you did not. And they didn't reprimand even the people. I mean, they fired. They should have fired Greg Reed. Greg Reed is part owner of the radio station. Oh, it's the I didn't know that. There you go. I thought the beef. The beef. The weed broadcasting. He is the read of one of these lead, breed, broadcasting. Right. So you're not sick of steams with the beef? No, I am not. Seams are worth for them, but we're not the cabaretaser. Oh, God. Can you believe anybody? I don't even know the frickin' beef. Please, know who I want to. I mean, I dress great compared to them, and I'm a slob. Starbucks. Who would that be? Nobody, I know. Management types. Management types are at Starbucks. Fortops. Can't afford to come. We've only got 75 managers, so that really narrows the down real good. Oh, he's a department that he's a manager. Yeah, everybody's here's a frickin' manager, okay? All sheets in no Indian vet this place. 10 past 150 QA. Yeah. Holy cow, Aaron's coming! Well I was thrown down on Joe Hill then a few down the road, cause then we filled pombridge with liquor and loony. We can walk in the makin' with a quality pan. I'm a friend of Phil Dull, you. He's a man, and fellow with your skin burning yellow. You're 500, bro. Your business until he is, because you're sharing a few with the woman who's got a tattoo. He's a hero of the role-play. Won't you give it well, Steph? Give it well, Steph. Sponsored give it 13, maybe more. No. I'm getting real time, bro, in my pages. Then, bro, in one point, for... ... ...I'm drowning in a deep time. What's 16 is 560? Are you ready next to out there? Let's go fast, fish. What do you say? I'm right. Put it on TV. Get about 10-years. Got a lot of response about that, didn't we? No. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Line 9, floor to line. Hot one. It's smoking 877, 85, meal. We pay for it. 877, 75, 63, 45. There is got to be. There must be something going on. Then we are in and on. You know what I'm saying? There's got to be. There's got to be like some massive gigantic. Maybe the shfart is having like a big festival. You don't like that. What is that? That cool and the ones that they have ever been here. Maybe that's going on now. Because I asked that question about why black guys hate... What is shfart is hate Dan Reno so bad? And then I had a white guy calling her. I like complicated guy. I have a moka guy. Give me a song to dance about how he got all the credit and Clayton and Duper. Did not? But he also denied that that anything to do with race. It was just a coincidence that Danny is white and those guys are black. That was just a coincidence. Is that correct? No. Here's a mobile and forlater day. Hello. Yeah, this is a show formerly known as the Neil Rogers Show. Yes, this is it. Okay, I just wanted to make sure. How you doing Neil? Okay. Good. I just want to hit on a maybe a comparison of two interpaners here that are in South Florida. It kind of gets you. Give me my opinion and comments on it. And one, the first interpaners you obviously you've been doing this for twenty-some years and I consider you an entertainer. You're funny. I listen to your show every day. And you know, you obviously haven't gotten the respect at least where you're at now. I'm not looking for respect. I'm looking for response. Yes. I'm looking for respect. Forget about respected Miami. Forget that. Well, at a common decency they should be able to provide you with the people surrounding you with the people that are going to help your program go well. I mean, you mean inside. Well, there's no quite. These people just don't know how to do it. Don't you understand? These are inepties are make-believe broadcasters who have the loosens of grand dure. It's like when they got the dolphins on a station last year with the first season. And the preseason, they couldn't get the post games show on here. I don't know how many weeks in a row they couldn't get the post games show on here. Man, this was ready to murder somebody because they've got all these grandiose ideas. They want to be big shots. They love these big ratings. They love all the reverts coming in. They just don't know how to do a shot. They don't know how to do it. Right. And the product and the people surrounding you, I mean, you're getting no- you're getting then if you say no respect to the client, I mean, but you know, I think you're being treated like crap and the kind of of people that you're doing. And I resent the guy to call the last guy who's given me a song to dance about how he ran into somebody in a Starbucks or something in a yuppie place. And about to give him a song to dance about, oh, it's just a dog and pony show. It's just a stick in the, you and the beeslears are real tight. Well, what kind of crap is that? What kind of baloney is that? Right. And you know, and I know you don't like to talk about this next on a tear. But are you saying the same about you are in reality? And that's Danny Boy. I mean, really, honestly, he has, I'm going to hand it down like to talk about. Well, I mean, you know, yesterday and yesterday said you don't want to talk about you don't want to hear about it. Well, I know. I said, I don't want to talk about the football aspect of it about Damon Hord and Dan Marino. But in terms of the lack of respect and the way that these people just want to crap on him now, because, you know, he maybe had a game or two that wasn't up to stuff. I mean, how about the end of the apple scheme? Did they forget about that? Well, he's been in four games this year and two of them. He's been a FC player the, the weekend. Right. Right. These people call up and he's been doing it for seven. He's these people are on grateful bad food here. They're, they're two faced. They'll turn on you like a rat. They have no appreciation for anybody. And that's just that you've got to accept that if you're going to make your living here, there's nothing you can do about it. And I'll say it again, the best example that I've been here 23 years. Okay. Friday is my birthday, which is not a big deal because I'm going to old far the years go on. You want to minimize birthdays. You'd dread them. You don't look forward to them. But I get seven birthday cards. I'm not even one for each year that I've been here. What does that tell you? What, what, what, what about your, what a great feeling that this audience, and I want a great relationship we've got? Unbelievable. Yeah. Seven. Yeah. How are you doing? Yeah. I love them speechless. I left them with his tongue hanging down to his back. Yeah, speechless. You can't believe it. And one of the cards by the way was going to list their over in somewhere in a west coast. Poor Charlotte or something. I'm placed in a guy yesterday. I want from the west coast. From a 24 year old guy's middle of the day since he was 17 years old and moved away. And still listens over there on 770. I guess. I took the time to send it. It's not that it's a big deal. But it's symptomatic of an illness here. There's a lack of warmth. Is this like the Arctic here? Warm weather. But the climate really is for us. The people are concerned. It's like the North frickin' poll. Look at this again. Look at this. And just like now that we got these longer commercial breaks in the old days, and the I would do these people would hold on routinely 25 minutes, 40 minutes, and hour. There's nothing more going on here now than there was back then. But now if you don't get to them, look at these splits. They're gone. You saw that last break. I had eight every one of the lines that works. Except in a line four. Everyone lines that's working at the moment, I should say. They're all lit up. We go into the commercial break. The first spot is in over yet. We got two spots. Who calls left on the board? Because they won't hang on. That's the tremendous warmth and feeling. And you know, I have to ask myself, yeah, they're paying me a lot of money. But this is the meaning. It's the meaning to come in every day and big. No matter how much the different things are there to talk about. Big, every day of your life for somebody to say something. Anything. And they still won't do it. And it's crap about it. Oh, I'm tight with a V's. We don't even, you know, somebody called yesterday about the fan running a spot during the Dolphin game. We not only didn't run any spot during the Dolphin game. We don't even have a sandwich board for WQM. We have no promotion. We have zero. Clear channel. Most of the perks they buy in eighth of a page for a fill. Henry, they're in a hero a couple of days ago. Do we have, do we have like a response to that? Do we have like anything? Do we have a, oh, nothing. Nothing. Zero. Zippity. At a radio station with the employees have to pay for station paraphernalia for Station  sure it's. All of the stations on Google. Seriously. And a binary of business in the history of broadcasting. I don't believe there's ever been any other station anywhere. That. That would have to look up frente to charge the higher 35 million dollars they've go last year and they want to charge these people for a lousy t-shirt or a cat or a ballpoint pen or whatever kind of crap they're pedaling. Come and do by. Well, we have to look professional when we go out in the public. Yeah, in order to do that, you got to pay for it. I made my own. Oh, that's good. How's my name doing, by the way? Whatever you go, ladies. Working. Line 7. Line 4. Line 4. Here's a mobile informer, fellow. Neil, God. I just want to say, first on caller. And I got two questions for you. I got one question. I have a story for you. I don't know if you heard about a beeswey employee. Yeah, I mentioned that. I had one. Yeah, I'm saying. Okay. Great. And a girl, but she was on top. I don't understand. Exactly. I have a question for you that the F word, the song you play on a occasion, is that available on any of your cities you'd like to. I don't think so. And I don't want to. Well, maybe it is. Maybe it's on this year. Is that a no. Because I'm a moment, please. Thank you. Is that on your job? One moment, please. Sure. Okay, I'm looking. I got it. My hand right now in the end. I remember that we put that on there, the F word. Not on there. Okay. Because I plan to band over here in Fort Myers and we're looking to like use that as our intro song. Right. And now, I just want to ask you that and I love the show and you know, be good today, man. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Yeah. Although I would like to say the F word several times here today, by the way. To my good friends, the beeswey and Greg Reed. And George Corsa, our chief engineer and screw and a sales manager. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877-875 Neil with an I, 877-875-63345 on an out of town line. Here's Daniel Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Good to talk to you today. Yes, sir. I've been dying to call you every time you bring this subject up. I've had some close personal experience with the Beasley Reed Corporation. And every time you call up, exactly, I swear I'm going to call on this time. I just had to do it. Everything that you talk about all the time is absolutely true. I cannot believe it. The story with screw-and, a very close personal friend of mine used to work for the Beasley Reed's over and Fort Myers was used to live over there. And the same crap went on over there that goes on over here that I hear that OJ Pharse that went on over there. This person was in sales. How many times this person gets screwed over by her. Because they had a little insider deal going with their little circle of friends. So that they could get their crap taken care of. Everybody's scratching everybody else's back. And this person ended up getting screwed every time. I don't know how they have any account whatsoever with anybody. I don't know why anybody does business with these people but begin with. I don't either. I have no idea. I can't. They don't need their bills. They pay him whenever they feel like it. I mean, they're notorious for that. And even long before. See, in the beginning, I blamed it on a Marlon's thing. They got a car running for the way. But I find out that long before they ever had these debts to a Wayne has Ingen John Henry that they always have done business like this. Yeah, I mean, it's just absolutely amazing that it's just exactly that. They've always done it that way. And somehow they managed to keep on the air and new people keep coming to them and spending money. Whether I don't understand why. I mean, it's absolutely ridiculous. But I'm sorry they're putting you through this. This person lasted about a year and a half with them. I finally just said, I can't take this anymore. Yeah, I'm right. I'm right in the edge. You're right in the cusp. So I hope you get to how out of there and go somewhere else where I can still hear you hear your voice among millions. And I thank you for all. Okay, thanks. All right. See how do my good friends with these. Yeah, yeah. Okay, right. Okay, five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. One, twenty, seven, a QA and Florida sucks. Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word. The word is the only word that is referred to as the F word. It's the one magical word. Just by it's sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love. As most words in the English language is derived from German, the word, flicking which means to strike. In English, f*** falls into many grammatical categories as a transit of words. And it's a very important thing to do. It's not always sexual. It could be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the f***ing work. As part of an adverb, Shirley talks to f***ing much. As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, Shirley is f***ing beautiful. As an noun, I don't give a f***ing. As part of a word, absolutely, I don't give a f***ing. As part of a word, absolutely, I don't give a f***ing. As part of a word, absolutely, I don't give a f***ing. As part of a word, absolutely, I don't give a f***ing word. Absolutely, absolutely, I don't give a f***ing word. As almost every word in a sentence, f***ing f***ing f***ing. As you must realize, there aren't too many words with the versatility of f***ing. As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got f***ing the views Carlot. This may, off f***ing. Trouble. I guess I'm really f***ing now. The aggression don't f***ing with me, buddy. This missile, why don't you go outside and play hide and go f***ing yourself? I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly. F***ing you. One, three, five, sixty, one. Two, three, five, sixty, one. Two, three, five, five, five, five, five. I love it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Our Florida line is smoking. It's smoking. It's wide open. H77785, Neil. H77785, sixty, three, four, five. On a month, I guess maybe to get ready for why two, Kayah, couple months early. The month that Florida just died. October wasn't too bad. September was okay. November. Spodem fell out in this town. Just died. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? No, I don't know why you think the dog can stop so much. Because I do too. Here's a mobile and coral springs, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, wish you well. I've got a good reason for you to leave Florida. I signed up for this. You heard this some past effort. Right. Found out that there's some nice little liggies that dismisses them from any problem with providing the database to the police. And the bottom line is, if you go through two tollways, and you know the distance between the tollways and the time between the tollways. When you pass through the sun pass, yes, you can calculate your average speed, and you can automatically get a speeding ticket. Oh, yeah. Talk about Davies. Oh, my God. And nobody, yeah, this is not widely spread. I called up some past and they said, well, we do have to cooperate in a police investigation. Yeah. And if they choose to invest. So this is just another clever way for the FHP to write business. You got it. And then nobody knows this and they're kind of pushing these some past $25 a quarter. Well, I don't have one. Thank God for me. Yeah, just FYI and that one is another. Another point reports, but using the high tech, what you're selling it. Thanks, I know. And what other point? Yes, sir. I was, I was, I, it's come struck me as this Thai restaurant effort in discrimination against the, Yeah, they're getting sued by the state now, yes. Exactly. And print mine, I was surprised. You said, I'm laying a very well educated man. He says, he's very white-arian type. And I was surprised at that. That's why I'm surprised. But his position is a curious one. I'd like your reaction to it. And that is, that we're, we just society are struggling with really, a difference is an evolutionary steps where the Asian population is really the most advanced. You'll find them in research and development high mathematics. What is that, how can you, with taking a searcher, tip onto a bill for black people? What does that mean? Well, we're struggling with, as an average, as a mass average, African-American being on a lower evolutionary scale. Okay, thanks. 560, 50560 on the AT&T Wireless Line 87775, 6345. What would you really send? Yeah, that's what I thought. 65,000 open lines here in the last 23 minutes here. 75 million open lines waiting on you. Some of them even work. How is line 8 doing, by the way? There you go. Line 7. No, can you really tell? Yeah. Here's a couple of rage, yellow. Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing? The worst week, the worst two weeks of my life. It's great to talk to you, Neil. Today's my birthday. Oh, great. Now, I just wanted to get in touch with these guys. Yeah. I've been wanting to talk to you for a while now. I'm 23-year-old white guy living in Miami. Yes, sir. And I'll tell you, Neil, the only reason I stay here is because they got good weed. Yeah. And that's about it. And I want to talk to you, sir. Talk, you're setting car right. Okay. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line 87775, Neil. I'm embarrassed. I'm humiliated for this radio station. I'm embarrassed for this audience. The last week and a half, I have never in my life. And believe me, over 23 years, that's covered a lot of territory. We've had a lot of dead spots. We've had a lot of bad days. We've had a lot of morons. I have never ever dreamed of seven consecutive days of pure unadulterrated. Absolute crap. Crap like this. Oh, I see bulk of Brian's in there now. I thought that would cheer me up a little bit. Did it work? No. No. I'm ready to press. Now I want to go kill somebody. Maybe him. Yeah, you know something. He wouldn't enjoy it. Please kill me. Put me out of my misery. Okay. There you go. Oh, I feel better now. I don't even have to go eat. I don't want to, you know. And of course, the main days people, they'd brought all that food with the best of intentions, but I want to make it myself sick again, because they had all that bread and stuff. See, they keep doing it. They don't want to eat that. I can't eat it. So between yesterday, all the ice cream and the stickers bar and now this, even if I eat nothing the rest of the day, it's a disaster. Because the audience has killed me. And a spion and I've said this before. I remember many times I've said this. I'll say it again. Just for good to a whole time sake. It's kind of a toss-up between is it the audience. It's going to put the integrated or is it Greg Reed? Which one is it going to be? It's 50-50. It's a nip-and-tuck. Let's take up an office tool on it. Because these people, like I've told you before, you can be lying, bleeding to death on the side of the roadway, and they don't have time for you. They haven't got time. You marked my words. You watched when we come back. Hey, what am I talking? There you go. This is a test. This is a test to see how much you can endure. This is a test to see how much I can endure. It's just unbelievable. It's just unbelievable. It's Greg Reed playing radio. And the program directors going around with us crying to, Oh, you have to try to be helpful. I've tried to be helpful. Did I say 24-2-2? I don't think I said that. Wake up with the first piece. Joe Rola, Jeff DeFars, and Steve Goldstein, we've been morning to take an homeless on sports radio 5-60 QAM. Meal? God? Screw you. Greg, nearly done what you're going. A big black man, speciality, and chocolate, please don't lie. Screw you and... You don't think Greg's feeling a chance in control. You've been on a baller so that anybody can be a giant, full-fing troll. I'm a little failed, right? What grows up your ass at night? Roy! What's that at night? I'm a little bit tired. Nothing's fail, right? You're a fucking bitch. It's real. You'll be the big job, bang, you guys. I'll smack your head and bruise up your body the way you live. Screw where you... You'll get my phone killed all in straw. If you're a bit bothered, you'll get hit so hard if it's real. All right. You're not a bitch, you're a... You just think you're a son. You're a bitch, you're a bitch, you're a liar. You go out and do a crap. You're gonna take me, don't take you back. Go. Roy! Wow. That's number one with three. It's got a bullet saw ready. We just played it for the first time. Yeah, what have I ever done to you? She says to me, you know what? This is the same woman that's written a black male, Carol that's set her one, and show pictures of her that OG and the Jocs did the golf tournament. This is the same woman that called up Tracy and Boston and said, Oh, you'll have to take the fall for any more scrup son as golf tournament. And that's just the beginning. We don't have enough time left in the show to become all the grandiose things that this bitch has done. What have I ever done to you? Here's Miami Beach, hello. Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Male. Yes. I'm slipping back to work. I need a special request for you. Here's Carl Gable, hello. 560, pound 560 on the 18th T line 877, 785, 63345 as we move right along. Here's the mobile in Miami, hello. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, man. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I got an issue to ask you about this first black bench. Let me ask you something. Where are you standing? Are you standing 100 feet away from the phone or what? No, I'm right here. I mean, I think you have a cheap phone. Yeah. So what do you think about this first black bench on by black people in Florida? About what? The first black bench in Florida. Here's a lot of the LA. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Long time ago, it's the first time call. Black guy and a lot of the LAsmen. I like them, Marina. Yeah. The Emirino is the best part of the LA guys that he did. Like poison they won't call because they're too embarrassed and humiliated. And I know they know that I'll rip them in ash. That's right. Not much of pussy. Yeah. I like them, Marina. I'm looking at my sports field of three. It just came in as guess. We can start and cover. I'm going to put Sam Marino right up there with Sweden. There he go. He's right up there with Sweden. He's the best quarterback ever to play the game. He's going to take up to the promised land. We don't deserve him. Right. That's right. We don't. We feed them bad. And I've been there before. I've done it before. When you had a bad game. I said, oh, man, we need to go to the back. But I know better now. I know. You better go kiss his ring. Have a great day, Palin. Thank you. All right. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Any, how are you? Okay. And that's an Indian Hollywood idiot. Sure. It's got to be. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. The beginning of this show, you brought up a trip to Spain, right? Yes. That stuff was the greatest amino acid supplement. You would take it. It would be. Is it still illegal? Oh, you can't get it, right? What happened was a bad batch. Yeah, they had a bad contaminated batch. So they just made it illegal in the body of you. It was all the way. But illegal for about 10 years. And I'm telling you it was a greatest thing. It would help with weight. Yeah. You could. I take one of those. 500 million before I went to sleep. And I'd be out like a light and sleep like wake up relax. Now I should have took one of 10 o'clock this morning. I'm telling you. But I think you can get it from if you talk to your doctor with the description. And I'm telling you you take five minutes. I don't think you can get it at all. And can't even get it by prescription. I don't think it to stay for you. I don't think you can get it at all. Oh, get some up there and bring it back a load. Can you some of this? I'll bring back a load. Okay. You can't, you know, you're not even in the elbow pages. WQAM. Yeah. Well, we can't afford it. I'll apparently. Yeah. Okay, pal. I mean, we need to trip the same path. Thank you. I'll go work on it. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the old AT&T wireless line.