I'm bringing your eyes out of this one. 3DL 5657. You lay S-by-M-E4 Linerdale presents the Neil Rogers show. Talk to Neil, called 567-0 560 toll free for data barred. Or pound by sending on your cell phone the opinions of Neil. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of the peculiar means between acquisitions or the feasly broad desk group? Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 5652A If you cry day you pass the night. This is Jocelyn Elders and I'm mad. Mad at those right wing sons and bitches that forced Bill Clinton to find me. Just hold on to the hell they think they are. All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers. Maybe if Jesse Holmes had busted a chip or a new gangridge had butted the call to Little Moore, it wouldn't be so uptight. So long to dawg never hurt anybody. And if people did a little more of it, we might save some lives. Hell, if Clinton just stayed home and spanked the monkey, he'd even be in a landshot water. Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal. We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like C-dick run. When you see a dick run, get to the doctor because you picked up a back as a crowd's cricket. Folks, we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in. There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking their yacht in Hair Harbor. Now, we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle, pump the pie thong, walk the door, wax the carrot or tickle the taco. We don't all be better off. And that's all I have to say. Now I'm going home now and see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toast and hail an oyster and buzz the grill. Oh, right. Get body down the street by the way. Don't bow guard their door, my friend. Get the hood, then body nuts. No one's a man. Don't bow guard their door, my friend. I have no other man. Roll the shutt of one. You're like the other one. If the same to be a farmed friend. And I need another kid. Okay. No. Don't bow guard their door, my friend. No. Just let alone now. Put smoking to the head, and let it in, how it misses. I'll give it to you, friend. Roll. Look at the door. Oh. Just like the door. Just once see about that. And I don't have a murder in there. Now I can't find a woman like my friend. And I have no other man. And don't bow guard their door, my friend. No. Just let alone now. Just let alone now. Just let alone now. Oh. Just let alone now. Just let alone now. Just let alone now. You're so close. Let alone. I'm sorry. You're so close. You're so close. You're so close. Oh, boy. We got a body. I'm looking a little bit nice to the Greg. Look at the chin down. That's what you look like. Like a little tiny. I'm not sure if you can see it. But anyway, he's telling me that there's a body on a street right right. We could throw a brick. We could throw JT the brick from here right down there. And it's that body. Right out here on 441 at the Ivory Road. I guess this at nighttime is not the most savory part. You know what I'm talking about? This isn't the most savory part of town that we're in. That God, we got a lot's and lots. You had a good point sir. Audience doesn't care whether on the second floor or the third floor. It's the same crappy old equipment, the same crappy old microphone. It sounds exactly the same. You know, like if somebody's wife has a baby. And you go in the office and say, hey, here's the cigar. My wife, we just had a baby. They don't see the baby. I mean, they could pretend they're happy for you. But what did they care? You know, and that's the way this town is. We're having a little bit of excitement here because now we're like putting all kinds of stuff up on a wall. And then this is actually turning out pretty good. They got the speaker's fixed in there. They got our tweeter fixed. And we got the TV. It's mounted up there. Almost like a wrestler. We're going to talk about by the way, how do you wrestlers are whole. Man, there's a picture in the Harald this morning or the Sun Sentinel. Whoo. Is there any doubt? No. No. Now, again, I'm not accusing the individuals in here. I'm just saying that the aposture, the pose that they're making in there. It gives me pause. Makes me really wonder about that whole enterprise. High school and college wrestling. You know what that is? You're not fooling up. Okay? You're not fooling anybody. Are they fooling us? No. I don't think so. But anyway, so evidently, there's a big pimple beola cat-lack sitting out there with lots and lots of bullet holes in it. That's the Miami F and way by the way. We are just in big county. I'm not saying nobody ever gets shot in Broward. But here is a big county. It's like a pastime. Like a hobby, you know? We want to keep up our image. And there's a body right out there, dark and plucking guy. There, that other than the crackpot out there in the street. I guess it's been out there for quite a while. So if there's any tourists, by the way, that's not, we don't want you to enter through the police work. Okay? We don't want to get our poker friends upset. But like you see in all this stand on the roof, it's a barocular. It's a cross. If that made me chuck, it's over there. By the way, hi, Nissy. She left me this morning. I got up there at the corner. She's got, she keeps the lookout now. Nissy. She'd be looking out to window and every time I'm there waiting to make my left turn here. Hey, how you doing? No more sauce on my balls. We aren't. Remember that? That was another song. But I don't vulgar my joint. No sauce on my balls. That was one of my favorites too. I return on this morning, course the worst team that we're interviewing some awful, awful baseball thing. So I turned over for the first time at about two months. I punched over to Rick and son. And I thought to myself, jam at their plane boobs a lot. By the fugs, which Rick, I don't know who he said recorded it. I think he had that wrong. But nevertheless, they've had a rough weekend. We can relate to that. We've had a rough week. But it made me good feeling Rick said that he had a rough week on there. It was pumping the numbers. There wasn't much happening. Because it's been that way all around town. No field bad Rick. It's just going around. It's another malaise here in the big city. We'll have a snap out of it one of these days. Snap out of the malaise in just a few days. But anyway, so they were playing boobs a lot by the phone. Then he got mentioned the fact that don't vulgar it by joint was by the same group. No. No. Now what's your name in the group that does that? Robert Bradley's Blackwater surprise. Right. There you go. Well, maybe that's what we got on the street out there. Huh? We got a Black surprise out on the street. I mean seriously, what kind of place is this? We're just routinely there. He said they can't like that. More holes in there that their pieces twist cheese. He said that's things been poked more times than some of the people in our sales department. Not to mention no names of course. So anyway, we got a short show again today. Let's hear from all the people that heard the Marlon Game. I rumor has it that Joe Angel yesterday. I went through it. I didn't hear myself. Rumor has it that he said Marlon's baseball has been brought to you. This portion by the knee a Roger show. At a boy, Joe always liked that show Angel. He's a good guy. To make a tomato talent, somebody he might decide to use it. You know, he knows how he frustrates me. I love his voice. I just don't like the corn poem. You know, and of course, Dave O'Brien's great and a own fat. Booster, he'd be good. So as much as you enjoyed that ball game yesterday, we got another one today. I'm going to show Joe until about 1250. Cardinals at the Marlon's today, 10 till long, who I love this. I'm not going to complain about any more. Few people don't want to hear exhibition baseball. Too bad. We'd like working the list in three hours, huh? We'd love it. Yesterday, we had Dr. Markon hearing Jeff Cohen. Too bad. I didn't record that conversation by the way. I'll get to that in a second. Because I finally figured out what it is that guys talk about, which is better. Very sure. Not a very short list. Very short list. That was up 51 points. It's over 10,000. 10,049 right now. It was up 70,080 points, but now it's kind of like leveling off. We'll see if we can keep it up the whole day. You just look at the big bi-agre pill to the adult. Keep that thing up there. You're all you for, can all excited? And of course, unless you've got either those stocks in the dow-30 to top eight stocks, you're not making any money anyway. Or some of those is a big text stocks that are all built on a, you know, not a winging a prayer. Oh, I see. You feel like what's about it? No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh Oh so Work out sitting in a room with the door closed with a little radio on with their headshots. I'm a dissonny walkman right now right here I'm not right here. Right here where you mean in this building? Probably in our sales department. I'll tell me the other day that that goes on all the time. How do you think they got like that? How do you think their brains got fried? A little bit too much bad weed. We'll do it every time. Of course good weed. So anyway, Tomara speaking of weed. We want to give a lot of promotion to our good close friend, Joe Castella, because he's a good guy. And then, nobody's perfect in his case. He's got a little imperfection on his nose. And he's also got a little imperfection on his taste. And I wouldn't say sports. He's tasting activities. Motorsports Saturday, our brand new show, six to seven o'clock tomorrow morning and every Saturday, starring the world famous Joe Castella. You know, just the set the alarm clock. Get up, you know, call them up. Some pretend you're interested. Make some of those sounds. You know, round and round those cars going around. He got in there. Come on. Let's crack that up. Is it on the 360? I didn't even know it was on there. Round and around. And then I wanted to go. I got one in here, yeah. Jerry. Right, those things. Yeah, yeah. I think that's a body on the street out here. How do you like that? First thing Greg Reid said, and when he walks in here, this is a goddamn body on the street out there. And I said, anybody we know? And then, of course, we started mentioning names. I don't want to tell you what names we were thinking about. But you can use your own imagination. Although we already saw Jerry Sarno this morning, couldn't have been him. Now, Jerry Sarno is my new best friend, by the way. Huh? We passed up. He's okay. Wouldn't you say? He's like, actually. No, okay. What is it? He has potential. He has potential to be okay. He needs a little rehab, a little bit of attitude adjustment, a little bit of, now he's come a long way, Jerry Sarno. I've ripped an M and I asked, he's, I mean, he's great compared to some of the people we got. Like, fat boy, you know. And Sam. Oh, and so already 19 passed down. We haven't seen Sam yet. Party time. No, sir. He doesn't get to message. I mean, don't take it personally, Sam. I mean, don't get sensitive on me. But, oh, and so how are we coming with the dust test, by the way? Let me announce to the audience that our water situation, sensational. The people in this building are, they're stroking little, Neil Bowle. They don't want to get too close to me personally for real. But they are. They're stroking it because they're so excited with our friends at Crystal Water. We think that's, obviously. What? Crystal Water. Our friends at the, uh, our colleague in the water. Chating. I had your wife in mind. Okay. I was thinking about your wife. Crystal. Why did I say Crystal Water? Well, it begins with a sea that's closer to the right. Yeah. Our friends at Colligan. Hey, Colligan, man. Like I said, we don't like Crystal Water too much. No, didn't they want to bring us some stuff? It's a long time ago. Yeah. So we thank them, but they're fancy. You're out. You're out. Colligan, the Colligan, man. Well, okay. Nobody's perfect. Like I said, even Joe Costello's got a little problem. So I've already picked his desk out. And I'm not joking. He should go ahead and order it. Well, how much is this, by the way? I don't know. Oh, I don't know. Oh, he'll be a vlogger. Okay. With Greg. What is it? He wants to make sure that it's okay with Greg if he gets a free desk. Before we order from our good friend Joe Resolving at Rothoff's supply. Does the word pussy come to mind? He wants to make sure it's okay with Greg. That they would, you know what? That's like that would be like if I said, if I said to you right now, I'm going to go out and buy you a brand new 1999 Corvette loaded. And you said, and I'm going to give you the keys and wish you all the best in the world. And you said to me, well, I better call Crystal and see if it's okay with my wife. I mean, what is that? He wants to tell you, see how this man, I'm going to butcher him up. That's my goal. Okay, because he's not a bad guy. He means well, he ought to do much, but he's a good guy. I'm buying this man a real desk to try to make him into a real man, a real program director, a PD instead of a PP. Instead of a paper pusher, a program director. You can't be a program director with a makefully fold up portable desk that you carry a real desk. That's not a program director in a little tiny office like it's bad enough. We can't expand his office. We can't make it any bigger and the office either. But at least it'll be fine with Greg believe me. We're taking care of it. Just like the water. Was there any problem with the water? No. Our friends at Coligan, no problem at all. You let Greg worry about what's on that side of the building. Where we had drove, we drew the line in the sand. We drew the line right there. Just like the line about that guy around that guy's body out there. And 441. We took the yellow crayola. We drew a line in the sand. Okay. You guys over here. This is your turf over here. We'll take care of all the stuff on this end. As we always said, and I noticed when Jeff brought the food in yesterday, people were coming in part taking which we enjoyed doing that. We like sharing. We like feeding the troops. The ones who are our friends. Or put on a Mac that they are when the food comes in. Even now, sir, that's okay. Like Mark Bell Monning. Now, who is my best personal friend, Mark? Every time I was food, forgot to wait 80 pounds. He reminded me of Maddie Bell of a younger, smarter, you're Maddie Bell, Mark Bell Monning. Nobody could figure out what he did at IOD except beat free food. I've discovered, by the way, in my 14 months at two a.m. That theory, just about as good eating free food here, is that we're an IOD. In fact, maybe even better. Because a lot of these people are so underpaid, they're starving over here. Some of the underlings. So speaking out, let me take a call or two. Okay, there's another one going to be too many again. Mobile in tempered pine. Chill off. Yes, sir. I do it number one. Go down 10,000. 10,000 and 33, but it's kind of a lost about half of what it gained. But it's hovering there, you know, like I mixed the difference in my life. Yeah, it'll be. The other thing is, I think there is a God. I thought report on a newswire. God's got the Louis Ferrican on the rope. Oh, God! I'm glad you reminded me that that's in. That's a strange thing too. Yet prostate cancer. And they thought they had strayed. Now, he's got some mysterious disease. You know, the Lord works in mysterious ways. He's gravely ill. He is gravely ill. Oh, man. All right, now we can go. That watch is on. Maybe here's the list. Milton Burrell, Bob Hope, and Ole Louis Ferrican. And one of the which he is Jewish. Okay. What's up? Okay, have a great day, pal. Yeah, I'm glad he reminded me of that. I forgot to clip that out. Bob, I was so excited about this wrestling picture. If there's a straight person guy. Now I realize we had some others last week. Was it we were talking about this and they had a maybe up. And of course we had that queen calling yesterday. Who only wishes he was wrestling with those guys. And that we use a screamer. If there's a straight guy that ever wrestled in high school or college. Call up and convince me. Okay. I mean, you're probably saying, well, you don't have to convince you. We're not. Yeah, right. Yeah, we know too. The whole world knows. All you have to do is look at this picture. So anyway, speaking of perverts. Dr. Mark, who was in your yesterday. You're a great guy, Dr. Mark, and thanks for coming up here and taking all of that. Maybe I'll have the results on the facts, machine. You're in a couple of hours. But he was in here with Jeff Cohen with ponytail. And at that point, I said here kind of like chuckling. Listen to the two of them. They have met before because it gets marks eating at the pizza lock. But they don't know each other like well to say the best. But it goes to prove that two guys who barely even know each other can get together. And the first thing that they start talking about is, see, okay. Just like the president and the Vernon Jordan. Remember on that 60 minutes thing? They were talking about, they got there in the golf tournament. They don't care about whack at those balls around. They want some bimbo whack in their balls around. So it'll be a pussy, Duff. I'm sorry. Because that's what they were talking about yesterday. Jeff Cohen and Dr. Mark. So there are really only, there are three things that guys talk about. Number one, far enough of anything else is sick. I mean, not even a contest. That's what guys talk about. Straight guys talk about a bad talk about it. We all talk about it. Because we're preoccupied with it unless you lie a lot. And what's wrong with that? Is there anything wrong with that? No, no. No, he should know. He's 85 years old. He's making babies, Larry. The second thing is money or business, you know, like at work, you talk business. But it all comes back to money. And it ties in with number three, which is way down to list. I hate to break the news to the people here. Sports. So guys talk about sports. But a lot of that has to do with money also because a lot of it has to do with gambling. Most of it illegal. So you've got your sex, your money, and sports, which also is kind of like an appendage to Number two in many cases. See, that's the thing I've discovered. Late in life, I found this shot. I thought that a lot of these people were sports fans. And they were just gamblers. They have no lawyer. They're no allegiance. Their heart isn't like fluttering. They're hard to sluttering, but not because they want the team to win or lose. But because they want to catch their bat. Of course, we don't have any of that on this thing. We've got right in. We don't have any of those right. Canke. By the way, Hank's over at Crystal Palace again, punting his brains out of Beyond After Marlon's baseball. I understand he's going to redo the interview with Wolf Clark today so you can get it right. That's the room around the building. Hey, remember, Wolf Clark, Hank? No. Come on. Wolf Clark. You know, giant Texas Rangers. Little Clark. You know, that was, and guys, I always got that big grimace on his post. Like he just somebody farted bad in his face. Or asked him to dumb question on an interview. It's Friday. You play a school. Hi. This is Courtney with another golf tip to improve your game. Nothing number one driving. Most men think like this the most important element in the game. But a short stroke, well placed, can be even more satisfying. Focus on your ball. Stand back, comfortable distance. Knees slightly bent. Group your club. Feel the power in your chest. Select your target. Make sure you're aiming for the right home and let it go. Stroke through your target. Roll your hips and follow through. Repeat this as necessary. And if you want to get real good, hit a bucket. And that's done. Keep moving around. Straight. Yeah, this is a no smoking bill. You do know that. Do you better not to light up another one. Or is even though they're little tiny ones. 1032 to 560 WCM. I'm getting the it's great having a fax machine right behind me here. I love this because now I'm getting from Dr. Mark. Very complicated. Good morning. Yani got it. Did the other doctor follow up on your sugar. I did eat that. I do it. It's said. And so on. And I can let's say he said right. A little bit high. Not abnormal. But it's an inflammation. 11 normal is zero to 15. A little bit high. So like I'm fighting some kind of a little something. Well, that's news to me. I'm fighting a little bit of something for like three months. There you go. Hold you. And I'm getting the rest of Mark coming over right now. Okay. Let's take a call while I can see if I'm still alive on these blood testies off. Here's your field. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. First time long time. All right. How are you? Great. I want to comment on something that you have mentioned in the past. And that's about the names that some people name your kids. Yes. I was looking over a test that my daughter was taking in elementary school. You remember when we went to school, you see names like Susan. You don't want to disturb and bought four apples and they use common names like that. You know how to stand on four cucumbers, yeah. I'm getting names like Klinisha goes to the supermarket. Klinisha. Chania. Chania. I mean, all these really unique names. You think it's part of a process to brain wash our culture that these names are acceptable. Yes. And then the sports culture is the worst amount of time. I've been saying that forever. And of course, on this station, we'll be going to be with that. Like Kishan. That's the one. I mean, I realize there are a lot of other ridiculous names. But Kishan, because he said, you know, all well known. He's a good player and he's a well known. And it's just, I'm a face of it. It's just so goddamn ridiculous. What, what that be? Kishan. Seriously. Well, you have to have you ever met anybody in your life name? Kishan? Kishan? Kishan. What is that? And the sports nerds that come on it. If their name were Swisple, ZXQ, PZR. Okay, like that, basketball. If their name was spelled like that, they would be pronouncing it. They would say, oh, yeah, here's a high-mush memory. I don't get it. I just shut it. Hey, to which it's own, you know? I just got one thing. At least the spice is up and otherwise very boring thing. I'll let sports stuff. Right. Now I got one thing to say about the football. Yeah. Your listeners. It's a good club. You more on. Okay. Okay. Okay. Anything real bad on here? My dyno being here. What? Oh, high, bad. Woo. Look at that. Try glissarides. One, twelve. That's pretty good. But total cholesterol is high. That LDL is up there. Oh, boy. See? There you go right there. Total proteins. Oh, I have no idea why. See, I don't have any idea what any of these things mean. Glucose and any right's non-fasting. I was fasting you. Bozell, I mean you, uh, Dr. Mark. Dr. Doodle? 156. Not too good. Not too good. So I'm looking at all these results here and it's just, uh, getting real agitated about this. I'm sure there's more to come on Monday, no doubt. Wow. All kinds of, uh, globulin. Little bit high. Add serum, a protein, uh, something you're right around here. Yep. Gotta get, gotta get on the program, baby. Gotta cut the crap. This is the end of the road. It's a fat. Collesterol, 228. Wow. Not good. So when I'm getting back to the, uh, Harold here, I mean the essential. I don't know what exactly what page this is. Then the sports section today under the page high schools and Scott wrestling column here. And it's got a picture of a, uh, white guy and a dark guy here. Young guys, they're, uh, wrestling with it. They're grappling with it. And it says all stars compete for fun. And it goes on to talk about this one. Did this and that one did that. And they didn't really care whether they want to lose. They just wanted to wrestle with each other. They just want to roll around on the mat and grab each other's, uh, parts. Now, this particular picture, the, uh, dark, Completed guys on top. I don't know if there's anything symbolic about that. And the Julio guy from 14 Lucy is underneath. He's on the bottom. Now is that pretty much general of the way it goes. Uh-huh. The dark guy gets on top. And the Julio gets on bottom. Uh-huh. Yeah. What do you, what do you got to smirk on your face for? By the way, thanks, Dr. Mark, I have no idea what aim this. It's just, please use my name. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, Dr. Mark LePort, Especially if you're on the edge and it's died by the way. He's the best over there on Miami Beach in the gateway. Healthcare on the. Seventy first street. He is. He is good. What other doctor would come and take your blood? What other doctor would normally tell you how great the, and help you lose weight with the atkins, but it's also doing it himself. You're great Mark, but I have no idea what aim this means. Please don't bore us with any. That, that's humanity was on yesterday. How would you describe it? George had Coleman in dosing. He likes you Mark, but he said it was a pond. But anyway, so here's this picture and the black guy who's on top has got his arm. I mean, this is one of the most amazing pictures. Now, maybe it's only me. Maybe I have a oversext mind to think that might possibly be a, or it could be it. But I mean, I see a guy that's got his arm right through the crotch of this other kid. Now, the other kid is just grabbing him around the leg, get the moment. He's only got a hold of the leg. So I guess if somebody comes up to you and grabs you around the leg, maybe that's not all that bad. Huh? What would you think if, like, say, say a roar, came in there right now. Got on the floor and just grabbed you around the leg. Would you think there was anything unusual about it? As far as, like, two guys relating to each other? But the black guy who's got his arm right through the Julio's crotch. I mean, it's in there. He's got him around the right leg in his left arm and look at the muscle on it. Oh, yeah, this works as a muscular, or she'll, he's got his arm buried in his guy's crotch. Now, again, it could be me. Maybe I've had some strange experiences in my life. Uh-huh. Many thousands, but nevertheless, I have always believed that when a any guy puts any part of his body on another guy's crotch. That generally, there is some kind of sexual connotation involved. Do you want to say? I could be wrong. Maybe you'll have to straighten this out for me. What? Or there's somebody on there watching the straighten it out. Hello. Mobile in Western. Hey, how you doing now? Okay, sir. Listen, I think your own sexual orientation is a quiet me issue in terms of... That's probably it, yeah. You know, I mean, everyone who ever refold is gay? Oh, I didn't say that, no. Well, you said it's a gay club. It's a gay intercom. I mean, not everybody who ever was a diver or a figure skater was gay, but those are very heavily gay enterprises. Aren't they? I don't know. You don't know? I don't. Well, no, I like to go on the phone. Fingers, fingers? What's that? Fingers, skaters? Are most of them gay? Lady golfers? Yeah, I mean, you just have some question from the media. I don't know a lot of what they say. You know, I'm personally, we haven't seen an election right? I don't know a lot of professional fellow first, first of all, or figures take a perfectly good place. Right. Wouldn't be able to tell you. Yeah. But that's the... I mean, you see, impression. I mean, when I see a guy that's got his arm on some other guy's crotch, I mean, right on his general area there, and his pushin' his heart as he can. That to me, generally indicates, some friction going on there. You know? Well, again, I think, maybe you're looking at those pictures and getting a little bit of excitement. No, I'm not looking at this picture getting you said no, no. No, it's there. Not getting a little bit of leave me, no. I'm maybe looking at that. I'm a senior pet judge. Okay, well, go get the sent sent. I'll take a look. Okay, and then call me back. All right. Okay. I mean, I see Walley's UrbiEx picture saying, which I'll get to that in a second by the way, even as guy, a guy that writes about Walley's Urbiac and Amyerex, and even he writes about how good this guy looks and the other guy in the middle was placed. Honey, like that. But he does have a girlfriend and she's in knockout too. Oh, God, thank God for that. We all feel better now. Thank the Lord. Why do you wear spoons? See ya. They're not. I watched a wrestling match with big food men, with sweaty crack. They would try to grab each other's ass, wearing nothing more than the tiny, changed draft. I'm not sure if you can get a break from the break. But when they ran the belt and the match was over, I couldn't help but notice I had a big bow now. I want to be a regular, so a rich girl and a man's scratch wrapped around my mouth. I want to be a regular, so a rich girl who's just pushing inside and out. So why had Missy jeans a little guy? Stick to my hand between the other man's legs. But when I pull my hands away, I get to sell my fingers. You know that other than sometimes you don't seem to have much of a brain as long as in the shower after you worked out. Lacing someone balls of your mouth. I know that white jeans can be messy and too many. That's why they like to rub that K-Y on their belly. Oh, I want to be a regular, entertaining boy around just like you. I want to be a regular, so a regular girl. And they'd be run for governor too. As long as they've a track of crowd, I don't mind going down. Rubber jeans in the center locked with some clumping queer. Can 46 and 560 WQM? Maybe somebody can explain to me, somebody who knows something about medicine because Dr. Marky can be called in again. So he's a busy guy. Total protein, normal is 6 to 8.5 minus 9. Oh, hi, what does that mean? Does that mean I'm eating too much protein? You think? George? Too much? Is there a total protein serum protein? 9.0, which is high at top of a normal end is 8.5. That'd be bad. God, I mean, I'm making it till 12 30, 12 whenever it's going to be. I may have to be alone here about 10 minutes and go smoke a stoichi in a hallway. Anyway, here's this article by Jack Curry of the New York Times about Miami of Ohio, and there are big Cinderella's story along with Gonzaga, where's it Gonzaga? Please don't tell me it's Gonzaga. Why are people pronouncing it like that? Like I'm coming back from the track last night, and any decay, you know, maybe he lost the tough better, something, you know? Oh, they pronounce it Gonzaga. Well, guess what, nobody else does. I mean, we were state that's better enough. But Gonzaga, what does he want again? He said it's Gonzaga. Gonzaga. You know, he's starting to look like Sam. Oh, it's just a joke though. It is Gonzaga, of course, any capital, what does he know? You know, what's he odd then of being pronounced like that? Any old telly with the odd there? Jack Curry writes in the New York Times about wallets, world, Zerbiex, whoop dreams on the full before the nation. This team is a Cinderella's story, Zerbiex said, why not? By the way, we got two NCAA games tonight. After Hank, where's that schedule? Well, that's he Hank 4 to 7 30 crystal palace 7 30, Michigan State. All right. Oklahoma and then Purdue and the temple, Purdue's go to temple. Are they going to temple? Oh, okay. Anyway, it's a Cinderella's story. Zerbiex has been called the best shooter, scored score in America. He might also be the best field good story on the best field good school in the tournament. Boy, what do I, what I could do with the words in this story? I'm not this Jack Curry, better check him out. See who he's wrestling with. He's the best field good story. Anybody out there want to feel a walley? Uh-huh. See if it feels good. And then it goes on to say, now this is written by a guy in New York Times, reprinted in some scum-sendel. Zerbiex is handsome enough to be the next tenant on Melrose Place. His girlfriend, Shannon Ward, is a part-time model. Who could join him there? In other words, she's really hot. How do you like that? So what is my imagination? Is there something wrong with being a star athlete and also looking good? I mean, is that so wrong? Oh, as they say, for least he's a real man, you know, as opposed to a lot of these guys who think that they're real men, but unfortunately, see a lot of the wrestling coaches are, how do I say it? Do you know what I'm saying? A lot of wrestling coaches, that's what I've heard. That's just what I'm here. I'm not saying that is a fact. I'm just saying that's the rumor over the years. It's like interior decorators. I don't know any interior decorators or a fags, but that's just the rumor over the years. And please don't tell me it doesn't make any difference. Because of course, everybody in this country is obsessed with who's doing what and what, you know, that there are obsessed with that. But wrestling coaches, I have a feeling that there's a little, maybe maybe only one or two, right? One who are like a little off. But I'm looking at this picture in your wrongs here, believe me. This is one of the most, I can't imagine anybody who's like, maybe the participants getting aroused by looking at that picture. I mean, you got to be pretty desperate. These are not two hot looking guys. I mean, these are all. I mean, the ones got the rest of the mask on, but you can see he's a little bit on the schmutz. Sorry Nelson, oh he's a name is Nelson. He can't be too bad. Maybe that's why he's hairy. Wrestling is a fag enterprise. And you should be instead of challenging me, you should be thanking me for telling you this. You know, like next week, I'll tell you, why I'm not sure which day we're going to do that show. Tell you which pocket you were the hanky in and the back. Huh? No, sure. I think that guys ought to have a right to know that, so that people don't get the wrong impression. Because if you set up the wrong message, the wrong message gets a massage. You know what I'm saying? It's the word spell very closely. And a lot of guys don't want a massage, at least not from another guy, but this wrestling thing. Look at that. He's got his hand right on his private. There on his old time, I mean, he's grinding away on it. Now, if you were to go out in the hallway right now, and let's say two of our sales guys, let's say, let's say Roy and Zoltin' right there in a hobby. Roy's the next job. And Zoltin''s a big athletic look, right there too. They're probably in the same weight class, wouldn't you say? Well, Roy's a little bit on the, Roy, Chuck, you're a side. But they're too big heavy guys. They could probably, you know, handle each other pretty well. If they were out there in a hallway, in this position, not not, you're laughing, but I am holding the picture up, Roy's just looking at the picture. And if we had two of our sales people out there, or let's say if Tommy and Carlos were out there in a hall, in this position, which Carlos? I'm talking about guys that have the same color here. Keep it color coordinate. The two guys that we only have to, guys the building with yellow hair. I mean, if they were out there under floor and you would call the cops, I guarantee you. Wouldn't you? You call the police. And this is American thing, by the way, this don't go on the rest of the world. The Germans, I mean, you know, what's they pin you down there, don't let you back up? Here's a leading mobile and four-laterdale, hello. Hello, how are you doing? Great. I just want to be your wrestling coach for your first match. Yeah. Yeah, against the captain over. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't touch him with your hands. You don't want to get him in the crack hole, then, huh? Maybe, I'm with. I'm with. Now that's the match there. Yeah, there you go. Come on here, you're a pretty big boy. Is he? Yeah, I don't know if you can get him in the crack hole and give him a body support. I could dug it in my arm out of that, but maybe I have to my elbow. You would, but I would. Wouldn't you? I don't have any K-Y. Would you like to pin down? Um, well, let's see. It was male or female. What, what's your ever one? Oh, female. How do you want to pin down some dot? I mean, some females? Oh, well, I could pin that, you know, or two. Huh? I feel like the kickbox. You're a kickboxer? Yeah. Is that a diceport also? That's a diceport, definitely. Right. Well, I guess basically what it is is we want to see you getting to the wrestling right. No chance. No can do. No chance. I'm going to be a wrestling, a Carlos at noon in the hall. We're going to be charging admission as soon as they drive that dead body away out there on the street. I'm going to go out there on 441. I was doing road. And they're going to be a grappling with it right out there in the street. Have you, have you seen this picture in the paper this morning? I want you to take a look. Okay, you're a real, uh, virul guy. You have to be to walk around looking like that. And, uh, take a look at that. And I'll see even Tommy's laughing. He can't believe that. Look, look where the guy, where the he has farce is arm is. Okay. Right on the right between his kids legs. You know, I'm sorry. You know, you can tell me, oh, it's because you're a fag you're getting around. I would believe me. Trust me. I swear to you, if it, if it would arouse me, I'd be the first to tell you. Just to aggravate you. Okay, like, while he's over here, I would tell you he's a good looking guy. These are not good looking kids. In fact, generally speaking, you notice, have you ever ever seen good looking young guys wrestle in high school or college? No. And you want to know why that is? This is one way. The ugly guys get somebody else to touch him. Right. Leave it to me to come up with that. Did we get our stuff today, by the way, from our friends? Didn't get it? Is that it? No, that we turned the center from France. Oh, damn it. I want listener in France and they put return to center on there. Maybe they, maybe they, they're scooped out the pipe bomb in there. Here's a lady in Avenue here, are hello. Hi. Yes, man. The only rest I ever enjoyed watching was Andy Kaufman. But of course, that was with women. You know, he, so I guess, you know, maybe what you're saying is true. I wonder if he would have had, what was his name, Riggs? What was the tennis player Bobby Riggs? Yeah. If he would have had him wrestle, Billie Jean King instead of like, play tennis with her? Oh, she would have beat the hell on him. She would have just knocked a stop with her little finger. Oh, he would have beat the hell on him. She would have just knocked a stop with her little finger. Oh, he would have beat the hell on him. He, though, he brought up that horrible eye in his systems that broken down drunk on TV and, scratching him this morning. He's so boring. Why is he doing it in here? I have no idea. I guess it goes to asdy. Come on. When you pay your dues, you've survived about a hundred years. Like yes. Eventually, you'd get paid back for what you did years ago because he sure ain't getting all that money and all at no variety now for what he's doing now, because it's very sad. But who's his audience? It wasn't happening a holding audience. I have no idea, but he is. It's another one of those Images things, you know, it's the hype. It's the hype. He's the hottest the most exciting the most. Yeah, he's he's like the Howard for old people. I guess I don't know But isn't he isn't he really like a closet right winger? And he's out of the closet. He's not closet at all. He's a real and he used to be just the opposite But he's one of those people over the years has evolved into a bitter old hard-bitten right wing asshole who loves John McCain He never met a right wing reading like But he's such an old Oh, he knows your own can. He's a broken-down old drunk. Yeah, and he's another one by the way They just had a baby which he's he's either always talking about the baby or his brother Fred's on the phone from the From the ranch and they're talking about their ranch for the kids Well, you know, it's a nice thing they're trying to do out there, but it's really pandrists I'd rather hear my blood test results for now than the watch I'm just talking about the ranch I know it's like Jerry Lewis with the telephone. I'm not far ready. Right, and another one You said don't call in the other day. Yeah, I think he had polio He didn't have a he had polio, but he had a wooden leg and polio on top of it Maybe that's why you had a wooden leg. I guarantee he had a wooden leg Okay, in fact if you if you ever watch I don't know if I don't know if it's on the small dish But if you ever see the satellite this way that the game show network in the old shows You'll notice that any show he was on they never showed him movie like on the pyramid You know how they would like when Dick Clark does the pyramid They you'd see him walking with the the contestants today go into the circle there to do the big Think of the end you never see that part on camera because Bill Colue would never walk on camera because he had a wooden leg He used to like hobble. Yeah, I think you right, but you know who is the best talk show host in those days is Gary more To to help some Gary more was another one. He was like a pie. He was like Dave Garroway You know he was popular only because he was one of the first ones to do it, but he was pretty boring Can they do it with Durwood Kirby? Well, listen sweet our have a great day. Bye. Bye 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line So the Delaware resting match out there Carlos didn't look too happy about it It works the lotion in the basket Jason's back and this time he's lining up a defense He got I've never been to a psychiatrist before. What's trouble in you Jason? Oh, it's this whole Jeffrey Domar thing I always figured if I got caught I could play. I was crazy, but now I'm not so sure Oh, man in the hockey mess is back Friday the 13th parking team Jason covers his ass And here's a guy has some 15 people. I need sloppy work. No technique whatsoever And if I'm saying hmm, and this will be sure, but I think you're if I can get someone to certify I'm crazy now. I'll be talking to you. I'm crazy. Well, I have teenagers to death isn't crazy I don't know what is I have teenagers myself. They can be difficult to do Okay, how about this? I don't know right from wrong. What? I guess stab you in the hand with your pen. But be right good be wrong. I don't know why you That's my point right here What's this just a note saying that I'm insane? You know in case I get pulled over or something Friday, let's first team off the team Jason covers these ass coming in front They do with the get her near you rectum. It's 1103 at 560 WQM or here till 1215. That's it another short show today We got Marlon's baseball any interest. No, by the way Thanks to a Jo Angel for all the plugs yesterday during the Marlon broadcast that in here if I heard a boba Thanks a lot Jo and quit with the phony act To unbelievable letters to the editor. We'll get to those in the second in the hero of course I mean one says chicken parts litter streets and the other says don't want to read about sick kids Ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh my god. Yeah, I think they're starting to put these I bet you they're making them up like jickadas with those stupid letters They're making them up Which we think then for the material by the way and this week got only those we can use it here's poppin. Oh hello And you know, are you okay, sir? got first timer all right Call them about something I haven't heard you talk about it in the Outlook section of the Sunday's comes and up. Yes. There is a couple of articles about god pods God and on odd god pods. What what they be? Oh god Exactly according to the paper They're in prisons like in the prom beach county stockators what they're talking about It is a segregated Christian based living quarters Where in they swallow a heavy daily dose of biblical teaching they swallow it that's what it does Oh, that's not a good idea in there And we'll defend over you. Yeah, and they have to agree in it not the cost we'll fight we'll be disrespectful and Our new governor whatever you call What the bush faster Last March according to the paper he wants to spend a million bucks To study the concept for the state prisons Oh yeah, and then then we'll go out of the condos and we'll look and vert everybody in the condos. Sure. That's partly Coach way man Again, it's it's yummy notes From page of the obnoxaction of the last week's outlook and at a full page in five. Yeah I did see that but I won't write by because this is I see that word gotten big loads in those paper I like recorrel like Dracula now I heard that when he looks in the mirror or the wolf pain or the whatever Oh garlic or whatever exactly I didn't want to spend our money setting up segregated if you segregated anything else They would call it criminal, but then we want to segregate the Christians for their own good and to keep us whole Holy excellent. Maybe if there's you a few lions in there might help out too excellent. Good thing can you go to boot five six seven Oh five sixty pound fine. Oh, you know this we haven't had we had a couple ladies talk about this including one diek We've had no guys talking about the wrestling thing and I don't know what we that talked to me touched on it lightly last week But after seeing this picture of the am mean, you know if you if you if you're remain silent You're you're obviously out by your silence So if people know that you run your high school or college wrestling team we know that that's all it needs to be said We know Here's a guy that doesn't know why the way his name is Dave Hyde. You know, Dave you just continued to was astonishing It's not I will give you credit for one thing no boy Here's a guy that takes up this enormous number of words with his column and this comes in I mean you know got to fill up a column right something words Henry's no diplomat about Cuba trip about John Henry and about this whole see let me just ease your mind a little bit Those people really believe there's a big solid advance about the world's playing a Cuba The game two days ago. They had a couple hundred crazy Cuban's outside for a lot of deal stating Yesterday the papers that they had about a hundred now if Castro Farts And it's the wrong flavor right away. It's a communist plot You can get 500 people together out in in you know domino park or somewhere in little Havana screaming and yelling about that Come on, he's the company's the you know about he cut the your communist cheese something like that So the fact that there were a hundred or two hundred people out there If this is much to do about nothing it is not an issue of any any significance whatsoever It's a ball game It's not the Pope going to Cuba to suck around with the bearded one. It's a stupid ball game But they've hired here right so a whole column here about how well he thinks one thing and John and Mary thinks something else And he ought to be more they ought to be more sensitive because it is so far. I don't care where we are okay, Dave It's still not a big deal. It's not any deal. It's not even a small deal And the idea that we're supposed to be very concerned about this because we have a historical bunch of Bonnet about people in our midst who refused to grow up and come to the 20th century and get with the American F in way Well, that's their problem. Okay. I'm not gonna make it mine What a waste this space nice job there, Dave you said absolutely nothing read your column back to yourself Then because I know you're listening to show religiously every day Read it back to yourself. Did you say anything nothing? 0 Here's a mobile and poor St. Lucy. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Wait. Oh, yes Yeah, I probably want to wait this face the poor St. Lucy is one for you Yeah, in fact one of the rest was in his picture on here is this young guy is from poor St. Lucy Yes, listen, I've never called before, but I got all time classic name for you Hey, who real from poor 10 Lucy? Yes, oh, I know no, no, the guy the wrestling kid not yeah Oh, this I was in a in the mall about four years ago. There's a little black boy walking around the aisle about four years old Is Rama called out Cheetah where are you? Yeah, Cheetah Cheetah yeah, like cheetah number the old part of the in movies Cheetah Was the chimpanzees name. Oh, okay stay in poor St. Lucy fell Too much monkey around up there with the your cousins 560 and pound 560. I think he was full of Gita myself And pound 560 on the AT and T wild slime. We heard from any rest of us yet. No Joe castell agrees by the way You were in the wrestling team in school. We're oh no way because you're not getting me down on the floor There were Tommy and Carlos I don't know what you think that would be interesting. We could have them like on one end of the hold on here Then Roy and Is Altan I think would be excellent that'd be a good match Because Altan's a lot taller. I mean Zoltan's a big muscular guy, but Roy's got the pounded Joe is a big bro I think he might wind up on top We could charge admission for that It's something exciting going on this place. It's pretty a born here this past week. You guys are right It's pretty boring. We need to spice it up a little bit And by the way you're right, we shouldn't be smoking cigars or cigarettes in these studios So we will be writing a light enough some weed later in a week. There's nothing to say we can't do that No, oh, it just says no smoking cigars is cigarette But a good split mind. What's wrong with that? I mean every day I bring in my newspaper so if I have a rolled up kind of funny What need a problem with that? That was embarrassing when he came in here about that, you know Lighten up a little stuff. I'm buying you with desk and he comes here about the fact I got a little time at Garcher I don't even have a good cigar from next little enough. I wouldn't do that because that would like penetrate all the walls in here and they get psychotic But stuff is really now he's getting the best feet now. There was a bad thing. I did now he's starting to play the act Now he's gonna be the pv Anybody buying that? Why are you first? Oh Time to sweet guy. I'm just not by sure when that's when I think of the guys who do Well, they're all up there in by and all their friends That's when all this itchy Oh No, my head is broken I don't end with all this Gently I'm gonna be a good kid to my eyes I'm gonna have to be a good job I'm gonna be a way to get the I'm gonna be a good job I'm gonna be a good job I'm gonna be a good job I'm gonna be a good job I'm gonna be a good job I'm gonna be a good job I'm gonna be a good job I'm gonna be a good job I'm gonna be a good job I'm gonna be a good job I'm gonna be a good job I have to prepare now A lot of people are here The situation is guy I can just cry I got in the ice Oh, rock It's a lot of 16 at 5.60 WKOM These blood test results by the way are devastating Which is good, I'm glad, because when I come back in They're like real vanilla Real normal and boring And then you get a false answer confidence Well when they're a little bit on the alarming side like this You say oh, yeah, but it's not the craft man And no more socks on my balls these you got, damn it So, Docustel was just told me that I don't want to mention Which school he said, I school it's commonly known that 90% of the kids on the high school wrestling team they're all thanks See it's the unsuspecting other ones I mean, fine, you like, you know, it's great that everybody's bonding together that's good Huh? How are they unsuspecting? They don't know they're going to be on the net There's a cracker More letter word, I think you're missing Dung Dung When they hear the grunting and groaning and when they feel that pelvic thrust close up to their uh Brachdom, they don't get it, they don't understand it Now, see one thing I was thinking about looking at this picture I mean, when two guys are done on a floor like that, grappling around on the mat Now, of course it can happen during sex too, and obviously it does happen But usually in sex the expected benefits outweigh the risk, you know It does happen during people's sexual encounters And of course it's embarrassing and not particularly enjoyable Unless you're rid of that But nevertheless, it happens But you could imagine two big porcupine guys rolling around on the mat like like fat boy and Josh Friedman That would be good Let's set that one up for like Monday at noon Jeff, hi and Josh Friedman Arthur in a hallway, wow I guarantee we get a credit about 20,000 in here, watch that pay admission Simo wrestling 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, why don't we slide pretty grim again here today, very slow They got nothing going on all week long Thank God I heard Rick and suds for two minutes this morning Carrying on about the same way to horrendous week this has been We must be missing something good out there, you know Must be something expected, oh must be the lift in next hemisphere The lift in Here is a homestead hello Hello, yes sir Yeah, um, this is the X-rest on the phone Is it one? X-rest from the X-rest Oh the X-rest, yeah Well, I am one, I'm an X-rest And I heard your comment coming, I said what in the car and give a comment on this This restaurant situation Yes, I wasn't sure if you gave Oh no way No, I mean, don't have to say it that way Oh no, yes, it's a simple, yes, it's a no, it's a vice Well, I'm not Because when your protest rate like he is Historically like that, people say, oh yeah, you know, they start doubting Oh no, I'm married in every hall Well, that proves it to me Rock Hudson that a while My comment is a, if a garden be a homophobic I guess ideas from from reference Yeah, I lie rough though Maybe the fact that you know that Greek or Roman wrestling The Greeks and the Romans were the ones who invented this Maybe that had something to do Maybe maybe Maybe My thing with I was very homophobic I was in the one by the But I got a touch of me Then why did you get into it? Because of my physical side, I couldn't really pay No football and my basketball height was good So I was like a hundred and thirty-four One lightweight? Yeah, lightweight, wrestling Yeah And the uncategories, you know, the pandemic for weight categories and so on Right And my thing was I was like, I liked and enjoyed it But when a guy gets on you because there's a Down position and I stand a position And I definitely felt uncomfortable with other guys On top of you Yeah, basically yeah And that put their hands over you kind of in your stomach area and I'm like, oh man Now how about what they put their hand in your between your legs Well, I try to avoid that as much as possible But I mean, I got the picture, I got the evidence right here I got a picture right now I mean, some guys see they would, I mean, I'm be sticking high from the risk And I can say, so as I know, is you're not supposed to put your arm between the other guys like how do you get how do you Put your arm between his legs and spin around and there was asked down on the ground But there are certain moves and with the guy You can't pick them up by the ankle, you know You can't actually You can I mean, but there are certain moves that you are in the cross area But yeah, I'm sure I'm sure there are I've heard of a few of those Yeah Now, but I mean, there are the legitimate I guess, Lou accepted Move them with your index And the vicinity of the cross area Like between the belt and the knee Right Between the knee and the ankle Let's open it up a little bit But sometimes you take it over and do see they hit Punch grab or whatever on the private areas I mean, but I do understand you think it's far as you homophobic in it So in other words, when you were wrestling, you never had like a guy on top of you That you felt that he was getting a little bit too much in German Or you felt a certain stiffness in the loin area Of your opponent Definitely Definitely you did And it didn't bother you that you continued doing that Even though you knew that the other guy was getting off on doing it What made me want to try and end it back to full of possible Yeah So on the way, it was a great motivator You want to pin that sagate tag Yeah, it's been a bit less Okay, thanks a lot for calling I have a great day Would you like to say Do we believe that? 560560 On the 182 wireless line Check in parts of the liter of streets As Randall Whiten Palm Springs, North This is in the here a little bit of the other bit of these horrendous letters I've lived in Palm Springs, North since 1969 And in South Florida since 1946 it used to be paradise I guess what Randall and any more, we know that Got a dead body out here Luckily, I've seen the disgusting trend Chicken parts, including feathers along with a variety of other things Placed in a plastic bag and tossed in the street Says Randall Chicken parts, chicken feathers Chicken... Stuff First it's unsaditary, he says Smells and reads disease Second, we don't deposit animal parts in the streets Or canals, we bury them We don't have to feed the buzzards nature takes care of that Good point Randall, excellent point Stop throwing your chicken stuff out in the street God damn it, you tend to roll people You barberians And here's another letter that really I'm just amazed at this one He leans silver, toll, polsky, and bell harbor rights Don't want to read about sick kids is the heading Read the March 14 special report article about children with cancer Why do this? Sunday is a family and relaxation day So many of us are grandparents, spending the day with our children and grandchildren We know how sad and unfair the world is How bad things happen to good people Do we really need this on our Sunday? Maybe Thursday would be better, you know? My heart goes out to these sick children and their families To all such children, but this article is just not necessary Well Elaine, I know this comes as a tremendous shock Okay? It's like people listen to this program And are disturbed by what they're hearing And instead of just finding something else to do They want us to change to accommodate them They just don't know why we're going to scream Read your banana Elaine, if there was an article that you found disturbing in the Sunday edition of the Harold Why did you read it? Do we really need this on a Sunday? She asked, is it some other day of the week that's not like the Lord's day? No Like Tuesday would be good Tuesday is a good kind of like a marginal day So we really need to be reading about sick kids on Sunday God, Dame Good point Elaine Fights like the thing on TV, you know, where they keep showing us the crippled children When the middle of dinner are out there, they either show you Rotest-body parts, horrible shootings and stuff like that Offel massacres, accidents, crippled children Or they show you like animals eating animals or stuff like that You know, disease animals right at the right between 5.30 and 7 I was a good time news and they like to do that Do we really need this between 5.30 and 7? No, please have a little more consideration for those of us who do a lot of read about kids With cancer on Sunday Elaine only wants to read about it Like maybe maybe once a month would be okay Don't spoil her Lord's day Here's a mobile and store hello All the her names are the Jewish here's a mobile and store Yes, you know, I'm a straight former high school wrestler I could have been out man before was too late Yeah, I definitely got out when we did at the high school of mainly the girls loved us We got most of the girls grew here as well Yeah, I mean, definitely definitely think they were quite a guy There were questionable so that about that Uh-huh Uh-huh Hi, so full-leave us Yeah You know, you know What does that mean? But let me ask you this seriously because there's such a tremendous degree of homophobic to be with this country in the first place But I mean why if you thought that there were a whole bunch of guys that were questionable Why would you want to get down on the met and grapple with them? Well, I mean are you just easy as that? Did you just, you know, if somebody wants to feed you up, you just have no problem with that? I mean, you know, you're doing it for the sport of it I mean you're out there man on man wrestling Don't know about it Oh, yeah Yeah, you know, it's not a it's not a homophobic or anything else Someone wants to do it Yeah, sure I'm sure Right You know, I'm sure we're having a good time I'm running up against your body and that was okay You know, and that was just sweat there It was sports sports A lot of sweat Well, you got it, you know, you got to weigh it You know, you just hopefully, you know, hopefully the guy your wrestling is not that way You know, you just, you know, if you get into the ears I mean, you're out there trying to feed him That's what it's all about You know, you just hope for the best Just hope for the best Good attitude pal You got a great day Okay I like that I like that I like that attitude Just give it a fling and you hope for the best Right? Squared, squared, but I always say And then they run 560560 and pound 560 on the AT&T I mean, are we buying any of this? No, first not Please do yourself a favor Even if you hate to sunset and like poison Even if you live in Dave County, go up to the county line and pick up a copy And open up this sports section today High schools All stars compete for fun And I'm sure that these two guys are very virulent Manicene they look like a bunch Some commits that they are But I'm just wondering if they realize they're in an enterprise that is almost universally viewed by By anyone who really stops and thinks about it as an extremely Faye enterprise Almost at sport But it was may not be getting enough That's all for Neil today The parliament has been played I'm sure Neil does a fine going home Down to the ward 3 sports homes And here it's E that flows Rest of us with five turn off the radio The parliament's baseball The parliament's baseball And such a goddamn pity The time for those who don't like to think And yet, excites us from recogging The thing is the parliament's baseball Now let's get the f**k More get the entertainment The parliament wants their payments Attract your work for green and must be bad Despite the trading tips They have two days of it F**k and hopefully it's all in the industry And start dead in the tarle day Small Time to make a sandwich Small I'd rather hear your message Exciting as the sound of driving Main Designers those with trouble Getting late It's far away More life-lifed natural spots Run spot open in the rosy Get you fun and an in this storm Stay in the storm Oh no, it's getting the f**k It's fun and little trek walk The third main line of very good one Fixed up by 30 minutes More than you say Now we're coming to the way We're about 12-15 today We've got the marlins in the US It was cardinals and he enters to that No Anybody got to be listed there Anybody want to find out the score No, anybody know So anyway, what I've heard about this school bus driver yesterday It's been on the front page and all of a sudden it was They were all over there on this like stink on Wayne On the evening news lines start on local channels What did I tell you? Seize our Gonzalez Rubio Driving a school because well first of all It's one of those private school bus deals Which I don't understand what that's all about Why did they do that? How do they maintain control over that whole operation? It's cheap Exactly It's only your kids they don't give a crap So why should you be worried about stuff like that Like some guy who's already been convicted Wanna lawly pop little boy Yeah, and girl boys and girls At least he spread it around the candy man He had been charged in June Just last June with Ludenl's civil sex On 11 year old being negotiated The guilty pleaded civil battery It missed the meaner that isn't a sex charge So as a result of that That it made it kosher was okay From to drive the school bus with all those little kids on it And then they had some guy on there who's a little girl goes to that school They had him on the news this morning And he'd be saying oh I don't believe he's such a good man He's a good I just don't believe it And this was on the heels of 13 other kids coming forward Last night saying oh yeah he had done it to me too A candy man Put about that yesterday But you folks out there you know of course most of your folks are going to go to those schools Anyway sir, we really are you worried about it? No, okay Here's a Carol city hello Good morning Neil Yes sir I actually had a couple of things But one is about the director Cason About what? The director Lai Cason Your Lai Cason Your Lai Cason Your Lai Cason Your Lai Cason Watch this, you know what I'm saying Eelia Eelia Lai Cason But I was wondering what we could pick you up And get in the lifetime achievement Oscar What is the big deal? Is that a rhetorical question? You must have read the articles about it I don't know what the guys who turned on all his friends Well he only named me But are these other people blackball during the McCarthy which happens They really could play blackball but studios He's protesting about the studios Anybody They're blackball because he was one of the people that named names But he named names there he knew So he had the names he knew But what's the message? But the blackball is he helped to the private-town of the people of their jobs As far as I'm concerned they are given the big finger award I'm just gonna stick there finger in his rectum And say that's for you Eelia Or Lai Ahobe or pronounce it in this week I have no idea but And by the way one of the people that support name it is Charlton Heston by the way Well the same way in Plum I have He's psychotic But anyway the one I'm really concerned about is Think about we need no more nuclear weapons to guard or self-gives China Are they really making this belief that China is going to do something to us? No I mean I don't believe a lot of the Russians are not so big units And how we need another enemy? Exactly well I need How can you keep government going unless you got a good enemy? I mean I don't want to keep Metro dead government going to the country We need to be able to protect our government We don't need any more nuclear weapons What is this crap? Why does this been all our money? The surplus? We need more weapons because now Chinese So maybe Lai Ahobe can say And we'll close you up to the Chinese and then he can straighten the law We don't have to build those weapons By the way the Dow is just hovering Yeah Maybe it'll stay Maybe we won't look too promising All that you for you this morning it's 10,000 and 13.5 points Not that it makes any difference at all Just a number I realize it's psychological But obviously the psychological impact it's having as a moment is not that one way or the other You know? It's something for them to scream about up there Something that all excited and jump up and down like Rumpel still going to throw the confetti And now this is a third day did it just before the NES today And then in the closing five minutes they were after the bell rings And they get the closing trade Then it came down like two and a half points under Does it really make any difference? No No But it's something for them to talk about Here's North Miami, hello Hey Neil, how's it going? Okay sir Yeah I'm a former high school wrestler there Oh my God Oh, now I'm going to do that You're not out man Oh no, it's always been straight Yeah Yeah, but you never know you hang around in there too long And they grabbed me just by the right part Well thanks to having to me once I asked about really getting up and kick the guys out Really? Yeah, yeah, no What did he do? He grabbed my nut He grabbed your nut Yeah, but no And did you tell me my chocolate salty balls along? No, I've received the kick of that All right, there you go But um Yeah, and never done about me But this is interesting because this is always a good excuse Some little fatty guy that's trying to grab your nut like that I mean you can legitimately You know kick his ass and nobody's going to start screaming Oh, gee, you know it's hate crime or something Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah There you go But um But no, I mean as far as the bill Where do you want to kick your ass? Nobody's saying oh my God, you know, like a racial thing Well, you know, hey, hey it happens, you know Right, but on this was a bill of it I mean like like you say it's a monony model And no, when you're out there, you know It's like no, when you got has this uh It's thing like next to you know, you're not thinking oh my God What do you mean next to you is this thing on you man? What up against you? He's rubbing it Yeah, well you're not thinking oh my God, you know, you just got has this thing on me And it's like let me get up and no And try to get away from this thing You can't feel it You can't feel it You can't feel it Huh? You can't feel it You can you can, which you're not thinking about it Because you know you have your your your suppressing it right Yeah, no, you're not thinking about it It's a question, you try to you try to get away from You're trying to get away from no kind of guilt And get this thing to this match You're thinking it must be a need Right, it's got like a finger right must be as need Well, no, I'm like I can say you're not thinking about it You know, you did so many other things on your mind You know, trying to, you know, get away from it It's right You know, but yeah, I mean be It's like when a woman encounters a rapist You know, and she kind of lies down and spreads your legs And she, hey, how are you doing? And then all the while ladies raping her, she's thinking okay And how do I get away from them? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I think that's the good thing Now listen, when you guys are rolling around on there on the match I mean, you know, you know, you're all the Running and growing here There must be, what's it a while, you know, right? Never to me, never had that happen in your face Oh, thank God No, no, no, no, never to me, although now if you had to I know, if you were forced to choose between the two If you forced to choose between a guy Briefly grab a year enough, you know, as long as he let him Or your face, which would you choose? Uh, the second Okay, there's another one, okay, but great day pal Okay, we believe you, we believe him No, no, he's a good guy He just friendly, that's all that's what we're finding out It's a friendly enterprise, this is a fascinating is what it is I mean, he didn't admit that the other guy is rubbing his F*** against him, didn't you say that? Now what would you call that? How are you airing shit like this? OK, got shot. Hugs Maintenant torn af I die, people will die, it's worth it, I bet that it'll not be easy. Is that something for the world? If you believe it's the end of the world, I see the market, and I should not stand, I'll still envy you to long die. It's 1.25. It's 1.25. It's 1.25. It's 5.25. WQM Police, gunplay led to honor students death. You know, you read these stories, and you wonder, just how stupid, how many stupid people, of course, I do the show every day, so I know the answer, tremendous number, but how many dumb people can there be on the loose out there? A Miami High School honor student was shot on neck and killed Thursday by a friend and a little Havana apartment. Luzibov's Cosseries, 14, and a girlfriend were visiting 17-year-old Yensi Cardoso. It is parents' apartment. When Cardoso began chewing off a gun, put a bullet in the chamber, pointed at Cosseros, and squeezed the trigger. Miami Police said, Now, here comes the best part of this story. He said, he didn't expect a gun to go off. Police spokesman Lieutenant Bill Schwartz said. When you put bullets in a gun, you pointed at somebody and squeezed the trigger. What do you expect is going to happen? What do you want you think's going to happen? Well, they might do that. Yeah. I mean, he said he didn't expect a gun to go off. The girls told them to put away, they didn't like it, and the gun too, Schwartz said, but he pulled the bullet in and pointed at it, let his told the trigger in the killer. He didn't expect it to go off. Remember that old song? I didn't know the gun was loaded, remember that? Right, but the bullet in there. Sex video of top-version prosecutor, the Russians are not only catching up to us, they're passing us. Those don't age old fossils. They got a better sense of humor than we got. At least they're politicians anyway. They got a dead man for, you know, leading the country for president. In Russia's latest scandal, a brief video, apparently showing prosecutor general Yuri Scuratoff, who was a sex with two prostitutes, aired on state television Thursday. In other words, they're not just talking about it on television. They're not just interviewing the people in show in the video. They were showing him having sex with two prostitutes on TV. Oh, we're contee-v. After president Boris Yeltsin, a word lawmaker, is to fire school, we're talking they refused. The broadcast was presumably aimed at forcing the prosecutor to bend to Yeltsin's order and leave office, but support for scuratoff seems to be growing. Oh, oh, oh. For Boris, baby, he can't win for losing. There's a dead man in the suit, just like I'm just a dead man in a suit. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm an ex-professional wrestler. I got a, you know, I was wrestling on the name of the grapple. Years ago, when the board of soy was announced. You were grappling with it, yeah. But I got to tell you, in order to get like a main event and that, and that industry, you had to work and burn over. And that's how the WF got started. Some of the guys wouldn't do it, and they really started their own Federation there. Yeah. But it wasn't so bad because it's steroid. You had this converted Judaism? Well, it wasn't so bad because it's steroid use. You know, these guys weren't that big. I mean, they weren't, you know, nothing to be afraid of. But it's, the minority is our district, guys. So it is, it's, it's, it's infested, believe me. But why did they, that's what I'm trying to, that's my question. I mean, well, the promoter of the actually instituted, you want to get a main event and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, the big money, you, it's, it's, it's, it's an habit. We have to, you know, you have to, you know, sleep around the superround. Really? You know, you have to be a professional, tell your old share. Otherwise, you just, you get like the preliminary bot, you know, we make, you know, few hundred bucks. Right. You can prepare that like the main event. You can make like, I put the 5000 in the night. And then before, you know, you're the, you know, Senator of the Governor of Minnesota. All right. So anybody that that denies that, you know, they're just providing. You're full of an okay. That's a controversial part. See you on the man. Okay. There you go. There's the MS from a guy that's a profession. Look it up in the book. He knows what it's all about. I'm trying to, I'm trying to give some helpful advice. Okay. Yeah. You see just a few people who get sucked in. So to speak to these enterprises. Just the border caution. Okay. I mean, if you want to go ahead, you're having a good time. You're enjoying it, maybe there's a message in there somewhere. You never know. Maybe you're learning something about yourself. 567, 560, $560 on the 18th of wireless one. We got like an hour to go. And then it's Marlon's baseball. Maybe, you know, Marlon's in the Sanois Cardinals. Any interest at all. We have a person. A living and breathing other than that. Red neck that called any yesterday that'll red neck, anybody out there. No, no. So we do love them, aren't we? Do we love them? Here's Coconut Creek, hello. Hi, how are you doing, Neil? Good. What's it, I'm a former wrestler. I wrestled from 7th grade to 12th grade. Oh, I never crossed your mind. Never crossed your mind. No, it never did. I'm from, you know, a decent sized town in Long Island. And we, it's just never crossed my mind. Like the one guy that called before said, you know, a lot of girls were paying attention. It's true, you know, we were wearing tight, so, you know, getting tight. You could have really written, right. Right. So I don't, you know, it never crossed my mind. You know, there were a lot of moves and holds that were, you know, between the legs and stuff like that. It never crossed my mind. We never paid much attention to it, maybe. Yeah, maybe we're just young and naive, maybe that's it. It's a good spot, though. Or maybe just imposes that matter, Bennett. It just, it wasn't a big thing back then, you know, or even the think about something like that. Right. It was, you know, it was, it was an hurdle. Well, it's a good thing I'm talking about this, then it's a real good, something, just something for people to think about before they get, you know, right, involved get surprised. Yeah, I'm strictly home, head of a special. What was it again? Uh, strictly head of a special. Oh, you believe you, you believe you. Um, well, congratulations on your coming out and have a great day. Now he's, he's a, yeah, he's straight. He is. The straight guy. What's the matter with you? You don't believe him, George? Oh, yes, he is. He's straight as an arrow. Remember that record by Leapy Lee, broken arrows? Was that it? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, Pon. So that's good. See, first you blurted out. Oh, geez, I said it well. Two, late now, you know. That's, that's a good way to do it. Is it? Oh, it was just a slope at the time, but as long as I said it well, yeah, I'm, I'm a fact. And then, I know that guy wasn't the, he was a straighter to come. You could tell he's from Long Island. There's no facts on Long Island, are there? No. Damn right there aren't. Well, maybe fire Island. Are there any facts on Fire Island? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. See, give me a good macho guy like Wally Zerbie at there from Miami Redskins, Forskin. There's a guy with a hot girlfriend like Ray Whitney, okay? He's a good looking guy. He's our leading score. He scores a lot. Score, score. And he looks pretty good. Everybody loves him. Got a hot looking girlfriend there, Bridget. I mean, Bridget. So we have to worry, we have to be insecure about these things. I'm trying to make you more comfortable with life is really all about, you know? And guys lay on top of you, they're pressing his private. And this guy just talked about how skin type the, the types were kind of like Leotard, you know what they say about guys that were Leotard. I'm like, like Ron Reagan, Jr., oh man. Ballad answers. By the way, gibory, that's sort of a Bobby Kennedy. And what was the great ballet answer that croaked for Ristic? No, no, no, Ray F was that his name? Whatever his name was, I'm washing that guy. Huh? No, he wasn't good enough. Not for Bobby. Maryland was good enough, but evidently Bobby Kennedy kind of like, dribbled on both sides of the, well, you know, those Catholics, they're horny. I keep trying to tell you that. Now if anybody said to you that Bobby Kennedy would have either did over the guy, you'd have just, you would have fallen right down. Of course, you wouldn't even remember Bobby Kennedy punk. Tom talking to we're guys like 10 years old here about Robert Kennedy. Let's see, 19, 16, 31 years ago, that he was shot. 31 years ago. So, I mean, what were you in embryo? Yeah, it was like three. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Mobile and Hollywood. They're both very good wrestling. Yeah. You know, John just spoke and Michigan State, correct here. Hey, tonight's a big night, baby. Oh. Listen, the basketball thing is great now, but if you've seen the hockey team lately, if you've seen it, taught any of that on the satellite at all. I saw one game couple of weeks ago, they kicked somebody's answer. I forget where they were playing some marginal team. They're looking great. That hey, it's spirit of the tournament and the hockey team. I got a shameless request. You know, I think it's based by songs. I wish I had it. Can I thank it for you? Go ahead. That's a star over again. That's a star over again. That's a star over again. That's a star over again. That's a star over again. Yeah. No, keep going. Thanks of the Red Seeder. There's a school that's no too long. It's special to be his winning and the Spartan play good ball. Oh, but in teams are never beaten. I'll do the game this fight. I'll win for the Army, come on. We're treated wide. Right. Go right to for MSU. We're gonna win this game. Yeah. Fight. Fight. Victory for MSU. Lovely. Good Spartan. But you left out the part about the Red Seeder rubber bottom. I'm a Red Seeder River. Yeah, we asked them like we always used to get about the better the Red Seeder River was made of rubber. I wonder why? 560, 505, 50, 50, 105, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Pretty one good thing. There's no facts in Michigan State. We were all much as they come in. You know, let no lip-rusted facts in Michigan State. Macho men. Here's a mobile and dear field. Hello. Yes, sir. It's very sad about that girl. You got shot by the kid. He didn't know that it was gonna go off when he pulled a trigger. What do you think was gonna happen? Right. Did you see the picture of this kid? Uh, no. Shaped head, spiked hair. And he was on the condition of a felony. Oh my God. Yeah. But other than that. All I got to say is he's walking around. He's walking around with the gun. Right. Right. And I'm a parent in general of our country. We need to take care of our kids. This is going to be out of control. Yeah. Well, well, well, basically what we have in this country are dumb people making more dumb people. And that's, uh, very sad. Absolutely. Okay. Have it right there, pal. Yeah. There was a thing in the paper today about should you have to have a license to have children. Yes. Have to have license to drive a car. But anybody can make babies in, you know, pretend to be a parent. I do underline that pretend part. Just watch your experience for five months if you stand it. Just stop and think of those people reproducing in they are. Push, push, push, come out. You're not full, got made it clear. The magic pot was a little nannish where I see you. No. No. And while to talk, we are sometimes there. The magic pot. I like his walking. I like his hair. The magic pot. I watch his jeans when he's dressed. The magic pot. I just love his magic pot. The magic pot. When we're on tour, I just hold the pot. The magic pot. He'll lose his grip and drop the soul. The magic pot. I see him on his side. You can't have him. I see him on his side. Magic pot. Magic pot. Double one at five, six, double the camera. This is the big hour coming up here at about 49 minutes. The big countdown. This is just the warm up from our lunch baseball. We know that's what your angel was saying yesterday. And they will Brian, Booshamig. We're just warming it up for the big time. For Major League Baseball, baby. Any interest down there? No. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. Going twice. And there comes a meal. Yes, sir. Speak to me, sir. Hey, man, they got the green shaman. What's he talking about that in the meal? Yeah. They got the green shaman. What do you think about that? That's all news. You know, Newly is on their baking floor. It's job of thinking you met, sir. You want? See, it's on the TV baking floor. I'm probably making a rouse. Now, tell everybody what a great guy is. Hey, man, we got a plastic surgeon down here in the inner city. You said you cut your face off of it. I don't have a forward. We're torn as well. I'll be right down. Okay. Cut your pussy. Cut your pussy for 25%. 560 and 560 and 560 and 560 and mobile one line. I thought this was the guy we had on here on the road this morning. 441 is got to just go. You got better. Came back. Jesus. It's a miracle. Let's hear it. Sprite is not Friday the 13th, but it's Friday the 19th. It's a major miracle. You made it come back. Wait till they put your brain back and you'll be okay. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I made the break your heart. The lollies or be I committed that he loved. WWF wrestling. WCWW. Oh, okay. I'll tell you when there's a guy that looks that pretty as wally. I mean, that girlfriend. She might just be the beard, you know. Yeah, he did a little interview on the FPN and he admitted to it that he was a great big fan of there. I said, oh, that's going to break. No, actually it gives me something. That was. We can use that for little bleep and that one. That was excellent. Great good. Sure. I think you might make a promo someday. As in real soon. Good old wally. He likes to WWF. Maybe he was saying, like the FF. Maybe that's what he's talking about. That means French fries of course. Q but that's how I was joined the urge. Join toward. Yeah, here we go. Facts in me all this. The guy who's been a kid. To the kids. I don't care. Nobody cares. Somebody better tell Dave Hyde to the Sun Sentinel. Nobody cares. 100 people, 200 people. Nothing else going on right now. You know, we know I'm not sure how boring it is in this town. These days. Bad week. So something for them to flat their guns about off. He knows, he doubt coming is the Orioles go to Hell. Yeah. There you go. Keep him out of domino park. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. How many heard a professional wrestler call in before telling us what everybody in the brother knows? That's why Juste Ventura got out of it. Because we know there's no fags in politics. He wanted to get out of wrestling until something a lot more mochow. That was more respectable than the WWE F. And of course, you do know about juste Ventura don't you? He has a wife, you know. Here's a mobile and hell and they'll. Hello. Yeah, sir. Don't give him first time call long term list there. All right. I want to get a town. I want to go to Brussels. You spoke about a month ago about an airline that leased you that. You're dynamite. You want to Brussels. Oh, yeah. City. City bird. Right. I want to get on it. I want to get on it. Hop on it. Hop hop aboard. I'm a hop aboard. Good talk to you. Thanks for this. Okay. Have a good time. Has city. Everybody. I never. I never. I myself. Everybody tells me it's great. They go direct from Miami to Brussels. I know this comes. I don't want to get to that today. But the travel stuff because a lot of these. Most of the people down here. They don't call anywhere. That's why they're so silly. If you get out of town. I know not everybody's got the big bucks. They're flying on a little crappy plane. And a 767 to a lot of people probably is not. I see a few years ago. I know anything about planes. I admit it was why I got so many areas in my life where I'm really dumb. I'm more on at least I admit it. I don't walk around pretending to know something I don't. But a 767 like Martin near flies from a Miami-Answer. And I'm going to ask you an example. It's an okay plane. But it all depends on how it's configured and how many seats they try to jam in there. That's the problem. Not that the plane is small. It's that they give you a very little space. But you're going to travel that long for 8.5. 9 hours. 10 or 10 and a half hours coming back. And you're sitting there even in star class. All jam. You know, it's just the amount my preferable way to a fly. So to speak. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Hey Neil. This is big slate. Listen. Hi, Dave. Okay. There you go. There's a message from our wrestling team that we couldn't put it on the air. Ha ha ha ha ha. That was great. And you already knew that. Yeah. We already knew that though Dick. We know Dick. 567560 and pound 560 on a prestigious mobile one line. Better do a little break now. I think while that thing builds up. That was good, Dick. It's amazing. Here you go. It's good. See, I know this a lot of resistance to it. And there are a lot of other young guys out there who are like we've had called last few days. I know you're embarrassed. That's okay. You didn't know. You thought it was like a real manly sport. You know, great monologue monologue one on one combat. Who's stronger? Who could like, you know, turn the other right upside down. They have a name for that guy who can turn the other right upside down. And hop on top of his spectrum. They have a name for that. Well, I'll spurre you. What word did you say? Let me tell you how to still a gas stick. It's like you broke the lag sign. It's like a big lower middle one than a shandard. They six clarity for my third secretary. I know this flow is a technology. Ovaldee is traveling. Benzy, Naboshi, Nadee is your stealthy mind. Dick, Dick, Queen and Heston. Move it to control the passport dump. Better use and get the money. Poppill it with a double shofer not an advocate. General of which is very easy to lose. Can't you catch a product on it? Does he end Tyler's off? Whaaaaaats? With the names that they've given to the black kids? Do they think it's all half real? Do they know how to throw? Do they know that they've got a problem? Do they know that they've got a problem? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Do they know how to throw? Is Hrupher whose Carrie TOEIN is a freel member? Octoberima Come on are just formerly known as Prince. Every time I hear somebody in the media say that, I think to myself, he's an asshole and whoever says it too. You know, if I came on Monday morning, I said, I've mentioned this before, the atalko formerly known as Neil. It would laugh me out of this building. But you ask holes in the media no matter how ridiculous it is. Hey, hey, key Sean, but that would be his name. Well, I have this problem, you know. Here's a naked lady in Hallover. Hello. Hello. Yes, man, are you naked? Hey, Neil. It says naked lady in Hallover. That's nice. Oh, you're naked? Well, no, I got a turtle neck on. Oh, well, that's good. I'm naked. Uh-huh. Run the issue. Quick, please. I'll go back here from the elements anyway. Let me tell you this. Thing of many here that I think they should register the link with me. It's like a lethal weapon. Uh-huh. Have you ever been here? No. Is that because you're a star in your family with me? No, no, no, no. It's just that I hear there's nothing but ugly people at Hallover Beach. I've never heard about anybody. You know, any time like they used to have on a, oh, how come I can't hang you on the radio? It doesn't work like that. To get to listen on the phone. That's what that thing in your hand is it's a phone. So don't listen to yourself on a radio, okay? Okay. The, uh, they used to have a nude beach up there in, uh, in West Palm Beach when I worked up there. J. No years ago. Right. And they only, no, no, but anyway, the only people I have my car through Beach used to be called, then they closed it down because some old ladies used to stand on the chairs with their but I could have seen how was this thing. But at any rate, uh, I never saw anybody attractive on that. Be there all grow, test. No, if you go to a nudist colony, they're all gruesome. I did do that. If I want to see other people naked, I just look in the mirror in the morning. No, really darling, it's a mixed thing. Yeah, a mixed thing. If you go to the left, it's the gate. And then it's right. And if you go to the right, it's everything. And you hang out in the middle and get a little bit of each. Yeah, if you come here honestly with the Europeans, you gotta bring like a buzzer, you know, bring your wife, a buzzer, a buzz clip because of her. Oh yeah, they happen to be like that. Clipsy said, yeah. So now make me laugh. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and five to see. This is, is that sad? Here is somebody desperately searching for something. Remember that's desperately searching for Susan. Maybe he is searching for Susan. She'll probably find her out there. But she's desperately searching for something. First, she's trying to hear herself on a radio. Then she wants me to make her laugh. And she's out there naked as a jibber, a whole of her Beach with a bunch of really skanky scabby-looking people. Have you ever been out in New Beach? I've been to Hallover, but just, have you ever seen anybody attractive on a New Beach? No. No. Of course not. I got news for her. They're really hot-looking people naked. See, and in Europe, now there are a lot of attractive people at the New Beach. I've never been to one over there, but you know, I've seen all kinds of stories and the articles about that. Because that's because they go there because they're uninhibited, not because they're people trying to be silly and trying to see how radiously they can be in this puritanic. That's why people do it. I mean, why else would anybody want to see those people naked? It's like if the French Canadians came down here to haul over God for a bit. It's bad enough that they're on Hollywood Beach. In their Speedos. Can you imagine that? That would be more even more disgusting than that video. We had Al Goldstein and Ron Jeremy naked. Seriously, folks, I know it's right in the middle of lunch hour. I'm a hypocrite because I said before, we don't want to have disgusting things in the middle of a meal hours. One time dinner time. If you could see this video that Al sent to us. Of course, Al, great guy, but when Ego is big as his pupic, and of course, a lot of you have seen Ron Jeremy naked before, which again, I just, you know, we come back to that, but that will be the way for me to lose weight. You know something? I'm going to start carrying a normal. Let's take a photo. We can get out of the sense of photo out of that video. And I'll just put it in my pocket. Anytime the mood strikes me like start eating, I'll just look at the picture and immediately. No, no, no. No, no. No, I'll lose my appetite for hours, maybe for days. God, why would anybody, anybody, pay, rendezier, me, other than the fact he's double-joyed, and that must be it. Why would anybody pay him to perform sex acts in a movie? Here's Miami, hello. Anyhow, where are you? Bad enough to see in Randy West, yes sir. Yeah, if I can recall, Jesse the body went through a war pink and fetish. Pink and fetish. Oh my God. Oh boy. You know, or something? No, I did not do the WDW, because answer about fake. It's all it's all I put on in the little old ladies' believe it. That's a sad part. Jesse, we're pink and the feathers. Yeah, the wife, you know. Yeah, we know. And purple shades and purple, oh yeah, purple haze. Well, but juice can you? Okay, whatever. Here's a bokeh, hello. Okay. So you think you've placed a little spend a lot of money, right? What is it? You're a company that did a spend a lot of money. They don't spend any money. Really? Who would it pay for that overnight sports pig that's odd, you know? Who's that? The guy that goes on after the main the live program. You mean like a 14-year-old. 18 to the brick? I tell you man, you guys are really one of my three hours of your tape to get overnight. Is there a role? That's pathetic. At least you get some, couple of like a little bit more money in your spots and stuff. Right. That is because that stuff is just. I never heard that crap. There's another sports tell call plaything that's better on another channel. I don't want to say that, but Go ahead and see what channels that. Well, six kind of the better overnight guys. Okay. This guy here is sports pig is just Picking it in. There's nothing wrong with being opinionated if you're talking about. It is when you don't know what you're talking about. Right. When you love a team so much, you can't get the facts back. There's nothing worse than a guy doing sports. There doesn't nobody's talking about. You don't want to say? Oh, I guess I know what's legal playing. I mean there's nothing worse than that. That's embarrassing. What it is. 560, 560. Let's take a poll. Okay. Let's blow the sports off and put some entertaining radio on the station. What's that going to start? Now we got to do this. Guys working here that he can make a living. Greg has got that big ego. He's very happy now. He's Mr. Sports. Walks him out with his mullet and face. Oh, there's this sports. May, vinyam. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. On time. Let's just take a second time call. All right. A couple things. I was a restaurant high school. Oh. And. You were picked? No, I was a man of fact. I were blue. Good. Thanks. That's a good manly color. It's a high school color. Everything built calling. He was from Pittsburgh. He had polio. And what he had was one of those heavy metal braces that goes to the uh... I don't know if he was in the heavy metal. Yeah. Yeah. He had a brace. A brace. Heavy metal brace. On his leg. On his leg. Well, he only couldn't walk. He walked with great difficulty. And that's why you never saw him walk on the set. Exactly. That's great. Oh, Bill Colm was great. I was here. Neil sorry for the, you know, punkster. Don't remember Bill Colm. He was a good TV guy. And being from Pittsburgh, a request about Bob Prince, a little kiss a goodbye. Yeah. If I can find that, then things that thing in here, George. I'll look for, pal. All right. Thanks. Yeah. Is what is it? Bob Prince. Maybe it's under baseball. Huh? I know we don't kind of have to be. I know what's in there. I know, but it's under. Come on. Wait, what's the bill? You would think. Huh? Can't find that. What is that under? Sure. How about hockey? I know it's not all. Bob Prince did do hockey rather in person. We too for while it used to tell the story. Uh, like I said, I'll find it Monday. Like I said, too bad. You punk shot the neighborhood chance to get familiar with Bill Colm and Bob Prince and Jack Parr. All were really great entertainers. Not these plastic phonies that we got today. Pliant stick, hype jobs. That's what that's unfortunately what life is largely become. Hipe jobs. Here's a mobile and for a lot of detail. Hello. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. How about Jack Barry on the Joe Chris Wellho, Joe. Oh, Joe. Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, I mean unbelievable. They should have put his ass back in jail. Do you remember 21? Yeah. Remember the big scandal? Charles. Oh, right. And Doran and Alfredo Von Nadruff. That was one of those shows. The other was the 60 $4,000 challenge. That's what I made the question. I don't know. That's what they're. Right. And yeah, we're fixed. And he knows something. What's wrong with that? Who cares about what's fixed? It was exciting. We don't care if it was fixed. Yeah, I know you have the game shown at work on your dish. Yeah, on the big dish. Yeah. Oh, we have some couple of good shows once in a while. And there's kind of fun. They're fun to watch. I agree. I thought you had this show. I love was the old match game with Jean Rayburn, the original one. Sure. I want to tell you all the time. That's a very funny show. Even though Brett summers looked at you know, something that was, you took the words out of my mouth. Even in spite of that bitch, I still like the show. You know, you wonder why Jack Klugman wound up the way he did, you know, we couldn't talk. And it wasn't because of the cigarettes because he married to that bitch. God, I'd like to help you wake up in the sac. Look at that thing. You see, I'm running off the stage or something a couple times when she was on. In fact, that was always the question. Can't us my tomato Charles Nelson while he or Brett summer. No contest. How about, let me ask a question. How about self-beachers of a nude beach where there's defund looking people? What do you mean? How about it? Sure. A lot of girls take their tops off on self-suffin. Yeah. Legal. Fine. And they're a fine looking woman. Sounds good. Or, you know, there's good looking guys too. Right. Sure. Right. What do you think about that? I say, oh, when I say, I said, let's go. Let's do the show. Let's do the show from there next week. Why don't we? Okay, we will. Thanks for the time. Good idea. Let's do the show from South Beach right there on the beach, huh? That all this bull crap from all these gambling places. By the way, I'll forget Hank's going to be in the abahama's again today from Crystal Palace after the Paul game till 730. Then we got NCAA basketball. Maybe Michigan State was Barton's man against Oklahoma against those those no stickers from Oklahoma. Those red next and Purdue against Temple. Oh, I watch what you do with Temple. I'll tell you that right now, sweetheart. Kick your ass right out of the big 10. Yeah, let's do the show out there on South Beach. Talk to all the naked people. George could Google all the naked ladies there with their big hot boobs hang out. And I could, I can Google all those steroid ridden guys. Are there any stray guys in South Beach by the way? No, no, I haven't think so. In fact, you know what I hear is that most of the wrestlers hang out on South Beach. That's what I heard. Most of the guys in Hank out on South Beach are wrestling with it. Here's Medley. Hello. Medley. Going once. Going twice. That's a medley of your material evidently. Here's a mobile in the Miami Lake. Hello. Yes, sir. You kneel? Yes. Yeah, I call you once before about that Princeton All-White basketball team. Right. Yeah, well listen on another subject on yesterday's neighbor section on the adoptive pet. Next to it. Yes. This woman got invented by the IRS. So animal control came and repossessed. There we are right now. Repossessed. I picked up her seven tups. And there's a an article there that there's meeting donations and whatever. So I mail my check. But it's a very hard warming or they're taking donations for what? For together, there's a pups out of a lot of hawk and provide because she's homeless and the neighbor took on the cause to get the dogs out of hawk and provide a home form without their adoptive. Right. Anybody messes with dogs, boy, there on my ass list immediately. So it's on the, I don't know if you noticed, but it's on the neighbor section of the hell. Yeah. Next to the adoptive pet, you know. Is that right near that picture of those two wrestlers on the mat? I think that's right next to it. Yeah. No. Okay. Thanks to the good news. You got a good story. That's good. Somebody's doing something good in this town. Okay. It's about time. That'll throw in all of your chicken parts out on the road. That letter. I'm serious. It's one of those deals when you wake up at the morning. You know, with a laugh or cry, you open to the editor of page and you start reading the letters to the editor and then, and, but there is something very valid about that. Stop and think about this. Think about the people we talk to here every day. Think about the people you see you encountered driving out there and then we delight us to the editor at all, fits in, right? Oh, it's in. Like a rubber glove. Right in the editor's right. Go Mr. Harold. The uncut wonder boy at the airway. George. God, gee, is that you're How can you be sure the buckwheat pillow you're buying is up in? Yeah. It's easy. If you look for the picture of buswheat on the label. Ah, that's buckwheat. That's right. There's only one buckwheat and that means only one buckwheat pillow. Give it a try. No. We just tell this kind of news. She knows it's mushy. That's because every buckwheat pillow is filled with the little grass goes leaves, they repressed his food. Ah, date, but he said he hates mushy. George, it's easy. Yep, it may not be good breeding, but it sure is good for sleep. Don't save me now. You're original buckwheat pillow. Order one today. It's no easy. Just call. My name's Jason, it's May Deepa, keep on keep a five. Yeah, get the buckwheat pillow and you'll sleep. Oh, hey. Sociality on 560WQA, I'm hey, what am I doing here? Did he even say it all during the course of the show today that he was going to be taken off early? And we were going to be doing another 20 minutes straight talking all about Joe Castello's show tomorrow? No, not really. Did you see or did anyone see the thing on Scientology last night? A&E did two hours investigative reports on Scientology was great. So it got me all inspired. I went online to try to find this. That's why I played the buckwheat pillow thing because they were talking about O.T. 3 last night on the Scientology show and apparently the Scientologist really sh*** their pants when you talk about this thing because we're not supposed to know about it. As a matter of fact, and by the way if you want to find this download that I got www.amazing.com slash Scientology slash O.T. 3 blah blah blah blah. Lots of sites about Scientology, Pro and Con. One of the things that they do last night is they like to conform to the name of whatever group is criticizing them. Like if there's an anti-cult group, then they'll become an anti-cult group with the same name but really it's a Scientologist. So they have a lot of dirty tricks and it's so depressing that there's all these celebrities including celebrities I like who are Scientologists. Who's talking to on the hotline Joe? So that we're going to do a show today. This is Carlos. He's trying to figure out what time he wants us out. Oh go away Carlos. What was one of the shows? Okay. He said he's not going away. So did you know that Isaac Cays was a Scientologist chef? My heart was broken. It was bad enough Jenna Elfman. I mean who cares about John for multiple turns? The reality shouldn't look any good anyway anymore. But I think now the way, now I'm going to want to move the lead. There's a big spaceship floating around and oh it's way better than that. It's way better than that. So I'm going to out there for O.T. thing and then we're going to revive a dead religion for fun and not for profit, just for fun for cheap because if they can do it, why can't we? In 1993 they just got their official IRS tax exempt status. What's his name? David and Miss Gavitch. They had an interview with him. He's the leader of the church now. Miss Gavitch. I'm sorry. I'm pronouncing it wrong. David and the Skavitch. They had a big ceremony in the announced their tax for you status. And this is based on science fiction bubble license. This is Elron Hub. By the way, now I can't find the dioretics in this thing over here. And I know I put it in here. I don't want to say the things might be disappearing out of this thing. But dioria, dioriasong, no dioretics by Elron Hub. Which is a great bit. But I've played that bookweek thing because he says O.T. Okay. So they have a coronary when you talk about this. They attack anybody. And by the way, attack away. Get your private investigators out. I'm going to talk about you people. They send private investigators to dig up dirt on your life like bad credit bounced checks. Whatever, go nuts with my life folks. Talk about you know, squeaky clean to the point of boredom as far as finding dirt on me. Just go for it. Do your worst by the way. Can you feel the counter vibrating from the uphauer in any six power jam? We can do that. We have comparable speakers. We can jam. We can blow shaft over in their directions. We can blow the shaft. You're damn right. So they didn't talk about O.T. 3 in this show because apparently it would have been libelless if they did because they like to say that it's copyrighted. That'd be like saying you can't talk about the book of revelations because you know, bandsome books is just copyrighted the Bible. So you can't talk about revelations anymore. And the reason that they don't want you knowing about this until you go through the previous steps of O.T. 1 and O.T. 2 is because by that time you're properly brainwashed where you can accept this crap. This really bad science fiction crap about the galactic, the galactic consideration which Earth was one of 75 million years ago. And this was all, this was plagiarized by the way. And this consideration was ruled by the V-new and he murdered many of the inhabitants. And by the way, the O.T. stands for operating fayton, operating fayton. I'll run hub up called the soul, the a fayton or fayton. We actually have many fayton's fayton's fayton's within us, hundreds of them as a matter fact. We have a, where is it here? A dominant and a, and there we say we have like a leader and a subleader fayton. And that is what we think we are. That is what we think our personality is. And by the procedures that they go through which cost a lot of money by the way, you can actually identify the various fayton within your body and then they can do things. So the challenge is out to them. Anybody who is completed O.T. 3 operating fayton 3 training who supposedly, you get, you get the ability to become stably exterior, which means you can leave your body. 3 from overwhelmed. That's in quotes. That's what they call it. No one can overwhelm you. That I overwhelm you. We can, we can test this. Anyone who's, anyone who's completed O.T. 3 training, we're going to put you in a room and we're going to send five big black guys named Ben in there with ax handles to see if they can overwhelm you. And if you come out from Ireland, I'll join the Scientology Church right there. You also have total recall of the entire of all of your past life because Scientology involves reincarnation, which they ripped off directly from Buddhism when you become enlightened according to the, to the tentative Buddhism, that is what you gain besides all this understanding is you get the memory of all of your previous lives. And you no longer have to repeat the cycle of life in debt. So it's, it's a mixture of plagiarized crap and bad science fiction. And the only reason they started calling it a religion in the first place is for the tax exempt status. They just started putting crosses up and wearing colors. They didn't change anything. It didn't change the way they did anything. It didn't start worshiping or anything like that. They didn't start using the Bible. They just said, all right, we're Christian sciences now because they wanted that tax exempt status and they finally got it. So my point is like if Joseph Smith can do it with bad science fiction, these guys both of them really bad made up stuff. Joseph Smith with the tablets and the glasses, one had a red lens, one had a blue lens. If they can do that with made up religions, what's stopping us from taking a real existing religion that isn't practiced anymore and reviving it and claiming tax exempt status what would stop us from doing that? All right, now you have a party budget, I assume, Joe Castella. Oh yes, you have a party budget where you know, food and booze and probably you have a close that you spend that you don't wear to work that you wear out. I've seen some of your party clothes, you're a very snappy dresser, you're a fashion plate. You've got your hat, you've got your, was that a silk jacket or a velvet jacket that one day? The blue one, way that's sat in, like a shrug skin, the shrug skin. Very sharp. Now, all right, if I said to you, hey, Joe Castella, all the money that you spend on party food, booze, the club admissions, the clothes, tax write off right there. Do you have a coin that church? Would you join that church? And if I told you that also had the church services, there would be, you know, there would be bays, drinking, dancing, singing, partying, and sex. Sign me up, I'm not a church service. And that you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, and the Jewish people, they pay, they do, they don't pass a plate. You have to pay like a yearly or a monthly, I guess it's negotiable. I guess you can, um, bargain. That's the word I was going to use, bargain. Because they charge the older people more than the younger people, like, like, like, that's how they draw you in. It's just like they'll let you in for free or just for token dues. And we can have that to the church. So here's the idea, real existing religion. I have the way to serve for Joe to get off the phone. So you can hear this. The church of Dionysus, because we were talking before, you know, the guy that called up and just because the Bible didn't, you know, co-existed with one fact in history that made it true, right? And I said, well, you know, the guy that discovered the city of Troy did so based on the Odyssey and the Iliad, he just followed those things so that must make all the Greek bits and legends true. So I thought about that. And, you know, the church of Dionysus in those days and the actual worship practices are lost in history, which is a good thing because then we get to fill in the blanks with, uh, with our imagination, with whatever we feel like. If they can make a religion out of bad science fiction, we can certainly fill in the blanks. But basically, what I understand about the actual religion is that it involves, drinking and dancing and scrolling. As the worship of their deity, who was the deity of wine, and spring and fertility, because that kind of went together for a lot of cultures, not just the Greeks. The whole, you know, because the wine thing was, uh, was a fertility thing because it was all, part of the harvest. They harvested the grapes. They turned it into wine. Then they got drank and they screwed. So what would stop us from doing that? You, you get donations. You buy a chunk of property. It's all tax exempt. And basically what you'll do is you show up in a, in a toga, and you drink and you take communion, which would be, you know, we wouldn't have largely little crackers. We'd have, you know, good for meat, leg of pig, things like that. And we could have not just wine, but any alcoholic beverage that comes from, something that is a crop, something that is grown in the ground that is a crop. I guess that includes on, let me think, oh yeah, all of them. All of them. So we don't, you know, we can drink wine or beer or, or hard liquor, booze because it's all made from crops. And so we can, we can practice our religion, but basically it would be a party. It would be an excuse to have a party once or twice a week. And the doves that we pay for the membership of the Church of Dionysus or Cod, as I call it, that's tax deductible. So your party, your party doves tax deductible and that we, we can have like a big garden, spacious garden with like the little waterfall and the the swimming naked pool. And women who show up with the half-toga or the tunic that only covers one breast, they get in for free. What do you think? For, you know, because I'm just making this up as they go along. I am still loving this idea. Like, I'll run Hubbard did and who could tell me that we couldn't do that? Why couldn't we do that? Is there anyone who could say, no, you can't do that. I'm not talking about a made-up religion by some bad pulp science fiction writer, which is what this thing is. I mean, it's bad science fiction. This whole scienceology religion. Did you see this? If you had seen this thing last night, they held, they were holding these like cattle prod, these prawn things for their pseudo polygraph thing that they used during their audits to try to achieve clear. And it's got the little needle and this person who is certified by God knows who, by El Ron Hubbard knows who, is sitting here holding these cattle prods and the needles going back and forth. And they're asking these questions that they're trying to find out things that they've forgotten in the order to go on to the next level. All this made up, Hokem. I'm talking about a real religion that once upon a time existed and it's spelled by the wayside. I think it's time to revive it. We have a real scienceologist on the line. I can't wait. Hello, sir. Hello? Yes. Yeah, this is Frank Oliver. Hello, Frank. I'm a former investigations officer for the Church of Scientology. Former investigations, you're the people that would do the the fair game thing, the Guardian's Office. That kind of thing? Well, the Guardian's Office is the organization that existed prior to what exists now, which is the Office of Special Affairs. I left the Church in 1992. It's an actively involved in protests against the Church. I protested the Church in Los Angeles in Washington, DC. God bless you. By the way, Scientology kills website. It's a Scientology.kills is a really great website. Go ahead. Another good website is www.znew.net Right now. No. Don. And www.znew.city.net. Okay. I'm currently involved in a controversy with the Church where I have started an organization called the SSO, which is former Scientologists speaking out. They had a lot of those that you see that report by the way before the A&D investigated reports. Yes. I was on the 2020 show and on the other show that was on several months ago, Dayline. Uh-huh. And I've been speaking out against the Church, but the current activity that I'm involved in now is we were at a protest December 5 in Clearwater, we were protesting the Church on the anniversary of the death of Lisa McPherson. You know, I made it with Heldigan. Right. Well, I'm pretty talking about it last night. That's correct. They starved her and, uh, they starved her to death. This is how Scientology's use of their particular belief system. How they say they cure insanity? Well, they cure the insanity that Lisa McPherson apparently had by killing her. The ultimate cure. Yeah. Well, um, we, um, organization purchased the advertising space on 13 buses in Clearwater and the buses ran with messages like, doubt is not a crime with the website underneath and don't walk run, quit Scientology. Okay. For yourself, quit Scientology. Well, the Church pressured the county commissioners. The buses were supposed to run Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday. Scientology pressured the county commissioners when turned pressure the, um, transit authority. And they pulled the buses off from the road after they won the road for one day. Wow. Now, we've been involved in, we've gone to several transit meetings since then and they have actually changed because of the pressure Scientology put on the, uh, transit directors in Panel of County. The rules have changed regarding advertising on the buses. They have now limited all advertising on buses to commercial type transactions only, which means that organizations like American Red Cross, um, March of Dimes, they can no longer advertise on the side of buses. Imagine that. Well, thank you very much for the information and keep up the good fight. Okay. I don't want to cut you off early, but we only have six minutes and I want to hear from some women who want to join this church. Mobile and Hollywood, hello. George, what's the difference between Jehovah's Witnesses and Scientologists and Quakers or, they're all just Blacks? Well, yes, they're all just Blacks. And how do you understand this? The difference is subtle and, by the way, you make a good point because they had this guy on last night, this Alexander Cockburn, or is that pronounced Cobra? And I don't know, uh, he's some kind of a religious author. And he was saying he was actually defending the Scientologist saying that, well, you could take any religion and make it sound absurd if you describe it and then he described the communion in the Catholic church. They don't sound absurd. They are absurd. They're all absurd. Here's a little rule of thumb for you, sir. If they want your money, they're evil. Okay? What about a human religion? Why doesn't it have to be like, uh, seven days? What do I think that's what he, oh, Jesus Christ, I'm getting slow in my old age. Pump and a hello. I want to hear from women who want to join the cod, the Church of Dionysus, and where one breasted show in Togus. Hello, Pomp and a. Hey, George. Hi. Hey, um, I don't think there's a difference between Catholics, uh, many other religions who have been told about this. It's just course not. It's tough. No, that this was just Thon last night, so it was fresh in my mind. And at least like the old religions are kind of grandfathered in. You know, people have been relieving this crap for thousands of years. How can somebody believe something that a bad science fiction writer comes up with? I mean, it is so silly. Yeah, just a lot of the Catholic churches and any lust silly eat my flesh, transubstantiation, my ass. Well, sorry for that. You're okay. No problem. By the way, uh, yeah, the men have to pay out the ass to get onto the grounds and do the services. If you're, if you're a attractive woman, if you're not fat and under 30, you know, let's let's make the guidelines kind of loose. If you're a not really ugly woman, not too fat under 30, and you'll wear the one breasted Togus. You get in for free. Open line and date, open line, right open is a matter of five, five, six, seven, five, six, three, oh, five and date and pound five, six, eight on the mobile one line. Yes, 12, 49, 32, 12, 49, 32. That's 32. His clock's eight seconds to have our clock and I'll get a, uh, ahead of which clock that clock. Now, do you really think that that clock is in this room? I'll say, that that's, that's all right. We've got this clock. I can do that. I can, I can, I can back time at 32 or get 22 blah, blah, blah, blah. That's why you're the host. That is why I'm the host. You're all taking a call on screen, the maybe it's Eddie. Hello, uh, first of the night. And they're not there. Just please, we have four minutes, one woman that will wear a one breast showing Togus. Maybe the naked woman on Hall over Beach can call back and say that she'll show you in the church on seconds that's don't call back any mobile and coral spring. Hello. Hey, who's the starch? Yes, sir. Hey, it was fun. I'm, but, no, I just turned you guys around. What happened to your meal? Neil left early. He had to take a trip. Oh, yeah. Yeah. How is he feeling? Good. He's feeling great. He's catching the plane. Okay, because the doctor's there, you know, I don't know. Oh, no, no, no, everything's cool. Okay, cool man. Too much protein, though. Oh, yeah, right. Okay. Later. Is that that it? Boy, that was great material. Fort Latterdale, hello. George. Yes. Hey, my name's Dennis, which is the river that comes from Dionysus. Yes, right. You could be a, you could be a deacon. A deacon. How's that? You could be a, I sure. I get free beds. We'll put you in a purple Togus. Uh, you get in for free. We'll put IV on your head. We want, we want dancing girls, wine girls. I've got it all worked out. The church service and everything. You're, you're going to join? Oh, sign me up. All right, tax exempt status for the party. Basically, we're just going to justify a way to deduct our party budget from our taxes. You've been to a church service, right? There are things that happen in the church, obviously, that keep people coming back over and over again. Some of the things are fun. Group singing is kind of fun. Like a big group karaoke. A lot of fun things. Better in a group. The group singing, we can do that. You know, we'll have a band, live band of vintage churches that had a live band. You have the live band and, you know, we could sing songs. You know, we'll do, in a god of the Vita or stairway to heaven or something like that. All of the, you know, we'll pass the lyrics sheets out. Uh, I think the first order of business first will have communion and we'll pass around wine and or durs. That's communion. Then we'll do some group singing. And then maybe somebody can get up and speak, but, but it would be a stand-up comic. So we get entertained that way. We'll have a whole show. The service will be a show. During the course of the show, we will drink and eat. That's communion. And then after the show, we retire to the garden for drinking, dancing and swimming naked and screwing. And this will be a religious practice because it's pretty much what happened in the church of Dionysus as I understand it. And I, you know, I don't spend that much anymore in a family man and all that stuff. You got to say home with the kids, family fun, which is an oxymoron, by the way. So the party budget is windled considerably. But if it's your religion, you have to, and who's going to stop me? Who's going to say, hey, you can't practice your religious persecution. We're talking, I'm not even, this is an a made-up god, excuse me, that's funny. I just made my soul life. They're all made-up gods. But this is a god that was seriously worshiped by the most advanced civilization in the world at the time. And had many followers of note, I mean, not that I can name any of them. But I'm sure that there were some Greeks out there who were some really smart people who were members of a church of Dionysus. So I just say, bring back an old religion. You know, we could bring back the the shaker religion, or the, the deck I say, shaker or quaker. What's the difference? I know the difference. The shakers shaker, and they're not around anymore. The quaker never heard of shakers. You never heard of shakers? Oh, yeah, they made fine furniture. You know, you got to watch that home and garden channel a little more. Learn about shakers. 567.0560. We have, we have exactly one minute. What? I'm leaving now. 2.1. Okay. So Neil Rogers Show on 560. WQAM Miami Fort Waterdale.