A quick second for calls, asshole. Fort radio, 560. WGQAM, my amy fort Latterdale presents the Neal Rutter Show to talk a Neal, called 560. 1050. Neal and old free and retained it, Brower. Or come to know if you're a cell phone. The opinions of Neal is guest holders or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM. Beesleery, that position. Or the beefy brunette as we now. Neal Rogers. Or Fort radio, 560. QA, FAL, god. Hey, that's a good looking guy. Yeah. And what's happening to this thing? George. I don't know. It's all lit up, huh? What's happening to it? It's lit up like it's going to play. And it ain't playing. Time's around me. I'll try to put me down and say, You have a lot of complications. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I've got them right on the way down this thing. I barely hear the sound again. This is so nice hahaha. E sent it up to me. okay I'm trying to talk about the fact that I'm a servant. I'll be ready to pray. I'll be sitting now. I go sit at the altar. It's a choir now. She'll be singing away. Oh, a seat today. You should all try and try and try and try. I should all try and try and try and try and try. I should all try and try and try and try. I should all try and try and try. I should all try and try. I should all try and try. All try and try and try. I should all try to try and do this. You should all try and think about the cloth. Don't attack the intruder. Do you die if the dust needstır. What you should all try and try. Do you die if the dust figs. or do you feel? x3 I'll tell you what make up what wonders make up does on television. He looks like he just got run over by a Mac truck. Doesn't he? Woo! Well, I'm off for him. No, three is five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six. If you have a happy face shot, throw out our Yadla. Oh, go. Oh, my, what we got to do a phone line check for that, the sparks are at the dark and dark and plucking guy that called right at the end of the worst team this morning. Two of you to stop there. Well, I'm through a line check. Everybody call right now. I'm not going to answer the phone just to see because the phone company wasn't here yesterday, like I told you, they were screwing around with a phone. See, the thing that's set up here in this room, which I just found out from you yesterday, I didn't realize that. It's wired differently from like just right down the hall where like 10 feet away. Not just this room. Anytime you have a whole bunch of lines going into a place, there's a big wall of five, six, seven, five, six, eight, five, six, six, seven, one, one, one. They're all ringing there. Okay. Well, now see that's interesting. They're not. They don't roll over in a, why three order? I don't know. I asked towards that yesterday. He said, well, how come before in six aren't ringing there? How you know there's more than six people calling right now? See, I told you. Watch. See? See? Look at that. There you go. You know that's not possible. So nice going there. Bell, so if you just, you just guys can't get it working. You give it a day. I know they're all going now. I mean, they roll over, but just not to, Beethoven's who three order. Yeah. Okay, thank you. Get off my phone. Thank you very much. Well, that's good. At least we're making a little bit of progress. Okay? I'm excited to see that. I mean, we'll still be begging for calls, but at least we know that lines work. That's always because psychologically, if you sit in there and you think that the phone is all screwed up or that they're parking your arm like that guy that was blown the skin fluid on here yesterday because Bell South was working online in the middle of the show. I mean, you know, of course you're going to do it in the middle of this show because this isn't the sports show. You know, we got to make the sports bags happy. We don't want to interrupt their shows. Hey, you think the dolphins are going to grab your quarterback this year? Anybody care? No. On the 30 first of March, anybody give a flying crap? No. You got 17 days, huh? 17 days days to the NFL draft. You think maybe you could contain yourselves a little while? No. Because it's so goddamn boring. Anyway, Dave Joseph, man, I tell you the people in this town. Ed Pups got another great calm today. Love lettuce the other that he stole from Joe falls in the chart 50 years ago. Always love when a calm and steel somebody else is gimmick. You know, that's always real creative. It tells you what a bush league piece of crap he is. Oh, but he's an icon. Eddie the Pope. Yeah, right. That's a real. Oh, look. This guy has, you know, a real great sports writer. When you wake up in the morning, you can't wait to open a sports section to read Red Smith's column. Or Shirley Povicis Scott, whoever the sports writer is, you know, see what Mike Lupa has got to say about this. But is anybody in this town get up in the morning and just run to get their paper to read what Dave Joseph has or Ed Pups? Like a whole domain of these people? No. Of course not. That's for leech seeking villain. Get over it. This is Dave Joseph's contribution. Of course, this is the same guy that told me a couple of years about a year and a half ago. Oh, yeah, who the hell needed, you know, Ray Whitney, another little guy. Oh, well, you know nothing, Dave. You're just a sour guy. You're sour with a pompotal park because they fired your girlfriend over there. You're sour with a hockey team for whatever reason. Some of them are right by the way, but nevertheless, you're just two sour. Any right to another one of these meaningless columns, here, which we're supposed to get over the fact that Bob L. Burian could be playing the rest of the season. And that we were lied to by the way, which I told you, here's the one guy on this show that told you weeks ago that all over the rest of the league, they said, Buray's out for the rest of the season. They're giving you a snow job down here and now, low and behold, it's finally coming out. Which everybody else seemed to know except us just like in Godfather when Sonny got shot on the crossway. Remember? His wife is upstairs crying, constantly, area of mind, please tell me what everybody else seems to know except me. And that's the same thing with a Pavel Buray story. Everybody else around the league knew it except down here because now they say, well, what is the words they use, the BM and TM boys? Oh, yeah, they kept the dysfunctional ACL a secret. That's right, because they don't want the opponents to be taken to the team shot. And of course, they wanted you folks to go out there and buy your playoff tickets. Whoever said that the other day, I apologize you were right, okay? They were playing with our emotions. Send in that money because they'll be back in a second. Oops, well, we lied. But it's interesting. It's so typical. I don't know what they're writing about. Dave Joseph writes in here, when the Panthers meet the lowly islanders tonight, they'll have two games in hand and Carolina, guess what? Dave, three games in hand. They got seven left after last night. We got ten left, okay? So again, again, guy write the column doesn't know what he's writing about. Let me say it very clearly. They have seven games remaining. The Panthers have ten. That sounds like three games in hand and Carolina. That's only got seven left. And for all you flyer fans out there, I just want to say this to you, okay? And I really mean this. I watched mostly Pittsburgh, out of what I was a pretty entertaining game last night. But I watched it up at the Philly Game to make me sick and I stomach. They're beaten Carolina, two nothing. Then it's three to one. Late in the second period I turned on the shots are like 35 to 12. Carolina, like I told you, they rolled over. They were in a coma. They haven't played a game in goddling those how long. They're folding up like a god damn little Italian, make believe a accordion. And the gutless flyers with Roger Nielsen at the helm, they choked. They didn't. There was not even an effort in that third period. I have seldom seen. Oh yeah, Lin versus a big deal. And who does Roger Nielsen put out there for most of the goddamn third period seemed like forever? And the whole overtime just about a team standing McCarthy. When's the last year he scored a goal? He's a goal. That would be like Terry Murray put in Peter Warwell out there in an overtime for like four and a half out of the five minutes. That's Roger Nielsen for a spineless. We needed a little help from Philly last night. Even when we hit them like poison, they had to game in a bag and they let a dead team crawl back into the game last night. Spineless and gutless whoever fully plays in the first round of the playoffs, I hope that they will get bloody probably will get blow out in the fourth straight. Talk about underreachievers. Talk about an embarrassment and see now it's going to be kind of tough to catch here Alana. Because of all the stupid ties the panties are got. We got what eight million ties, 18. And so you don't really need to make up six points on that. Now you've got to make up seven because even if you tie them with six points, you still lose out because after all they've got more wins and are going to have more win. Because of all those stupid ties the panties have. Getting all these ties, it's not more like kissing your sister. It's like kissing Brian Murray, you know, like being a kissing cousin, bad news. But the real chance is one good thing happened last night is Boston that gets beaten over time by LA. Talk, oh my god, what's worse, watch it a Bruins. Listen to Dale Arnold who is the worst in the world or are seeing how coma inducing watching them play. They are boring man, terminal. So they want to get stuck up their ass and over time by the lowly LA Kings. So not the panties only five games behind them and they got a game in hand on the Bruins. So let's take care of business. Okay, no we're not going to forget about the fact we relied to and about the fact that Pavelle Brea is out for at least six months and all this other stuff. We're not going to forget about that day, right? Just because you say it. But they got to go out there and win games against crap teams like they owned this tonight and like, you know, washing them two games and Tampa Bay that last game in a regular season and Montreal before that got a lot of games of these last 10 left against real marginal non playoff teams. Got to go out there and run them. And how do you go five on me? I'm realizing you get seven points and seven games. But how do you split seven games? Anybody know? I don't think so. Look at that. That's not working today to or tell you like that. You did something of this thing. We put some stuff at it. Huh? We put some stuff towards it. Something our DCS invested up. Boys and girls. The as a lady in town. She's a not the doctor. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. She's a little bit too young. David whichever you prefer. And that's basically it. And the rest of it is already ridiculous. Okay. Should we try this by the way? What? Well, no, just a little bit of this. Try it. We'll give it a dry run. And see if these things are going to like, uh, where is my, uh, damn mouse God, damn it? Here we go. New God. New. All right. There we go. Right. Leave it to us here. We know what we're doing. Sometimes it might take a while. Pass over the festival of on 11 bridge starts at sundown today. Oh, sorry. For soft food is half million plus juice. How about for everybody else? Does it start for them? No. Just for us. So anyway, Hank will be on the 530 and then we got managed. 530 to 7. And of course, the big game that island is in the Panthers tonight. You better be there. Let's show you're so some oral support tonight. Okay. Because this game, the islanders got only 49 points. They think they joined up. But they lately been playing that kind of tough. The Rangers had a bit of a time with a couple nights ago. We need a little bit of oral support there tonight in the macarina. The 8 day holiday is also called the oldest festival of freedom. It says, Passover, Paisach is the Graham say. They'd back about 34 centuries when the people of Israel were slaves in Egypt. All these holidays when those damage ifs wouldn't leave us alone. All the Jewish holidays. What will we have done without the Egyptians? We never would have had any holidays. As told in the biblical book of Exodus, the Pharaoh rejected the prophet Moses demand to release that on his mad as Moses. To release the people bringing a wave of supernatural plagues on the land. Oh, the last plague was the Angel of Death. Is there anybody in the audience that really believes this crap? No, thank you. God bless you. The last plague was the Angel of Death who struck down the firstborn of every Egyptian household in one night. The Israelites escaped death by dashing lands blood on their door posts. Well, they didn't have the resistance then. They ran out. A sign of faith that made the Angel pass over those homes. Have you ever heard that before? I haven't. You didn't go to Sunday school? Only for Hebrew school, so I could go get my bar mitzvah and get a few presents. Told you, Mr. Batinsky, my tutor, he said, It's all a bunch of bubble micees. He was 87 years old. A religious scholar. He said, it's all bubble micees. I said, okay. Good point. Lams blood on the door post. You know what? Again, SNM God always blood involved in killing and the newborn, the newborn, the firstborn. A lot of death, a lot of killing and a lot of sacrifice. Maybe that's what the, what's his name? Slabio was doing a car you saw on CNN. What was that all about? He said he was on there and he had picking his nose and was bleeding all over. And the women were laughing up. How could anybody alive touch Slabio? Seriously? I mean, is there any women in this audience? I think that Slabio really is attractive, sexual, or central human. I would rather do the thing before I would do Slabio. And I would die before I would do the thing. By the way, we don't apologize you to Greg Reed. Okay, because I was right at him on his sloppy haircut. And then I come to fight out. They didn't get his allowance till a 28th this month. So we couldn't afford to go out and get there. Cutting as soon as he got that allowance, Bingo. He went right out there and got the job done. Nice going there, Greg. Anyway, getting back to this story here, this fabulous fantasy. It modern Jewish home is the eight day festival starts with a ceremony you'll meet a call the Cater on the first two nights with food symbolizing the ex of this story. Now, this is how I'm getting the answers from what I was asking, which are Jews in the audience here. They don't want to speak to me or else they're at to embarrass. And I can't blame them. Let's see, a ceremony you'll meet a call the Cater on the first two nights with food symbolizing ex of the story. So this is a two-dicaly lamb shank, a piece of bitter herb such as horse radish, fat. For the bitterness of slavery, that's what horse radish represents. A bowl of salt water for the tears of a crack. What do you do with the bowl of salt water? Yeah, drink it again. No, you dip it a cracker and then I don't know. You dip your thing in it, in salt water. And a mix of apple cinnamon and wine for the mortar used in the Egyptian bricks. Oh my God. Oh boy. It still doesn't say nothing about the brisket. Do you think they had brisket back on the fruit? Do you think that Jesus and that last supper that he had brisket? No. Also on the Cater, played our roasted egg and leaky vegetables for the spring time occasion of Passover. And a hard, I mean really hard like a rock on Leavenbred called Mutsa for the Israelites hasten evacuating Egypt. Whatever that means. So there you go. And it's written by James B. Davis, who's the religious editor for the which papers that son sent me. Written by a guy, a guy explained to me Passover. The Jews in the Saudi and stayed out of the Saudi bottom. You dip the parsley in the salt water. Then you eat it. Somebody told you that? Yes. How do we know that? Some Jewish people. A Jewish golden time to that? Proven. You dip the parsley in the, you put the wine in a wine. You dip the parsley in the sage. Yeah. Sounds like something from that silence of the lamb thing. Oh my God. You know what that does sounds like something from Book of Brands, Lotion Son. Hard bread called Mutsa. That's right. God forbid. Let me tell all you people out there. Don't be reading after the sundown tonight for the next dinner. Now is it like the Holy Dase you can't, I guess it is. I don't know. I don't pay any attention to these. I don't pay any attention to these. I don't pay any attention to these. So what? I guess they are all I know. I know what you're supposed to eat and what you can't do and I pay no attention. This is a very traumatic weekend coming up. By the way, starting tonight at sundown. I think this because of the calendar this year. Everybody's worried about the year 2000. Forget about that this year. Like starting tonight at the whatever time at sundown. About 6 or 6 30 will be. No bread, God damn it. And then Friday, which good Friday, which just kind of spread it around. critical I am taking off Friday for good Friday because I'm gonna be a good cat lick. Now I'm gonna cover I'm gonna be a good cat lick. I want to be everything and you can take all the hogs. That's right and just let them open up a mouth about me not being here on my holiday good Friday. Then Saturday Sunday overnight you got daylight savings time coming back thank God. I love daylight savings time we should never get out of daylight savings time. I hate when it gets real dark early in the evening it's bad real bad. Especially the way they drive here and in Sunday after you turn your clock back then coincidentally enough it's Easter Sunday. All right everybody's gonna get nailed on Easter Sunday. So you got all all these things coming up in the next just a handful of days. All of these things. Between on the end of the weekend man heavy duty. Huh? Maybe we'll find out about the brisket what they'll add has to do. I get I don't know see maybe there's no other restrictions on anything you can eat. Other than Levin bread. Is that the only restriction? Maybe some Jew will call in. I mean I don't know what this is all about. I guess our Jews are all gone. They're gone. They're all out of town. 560560 come on let's teach this audience a few things okay about pace off. Let's have some Orthodox people call in so I can insult them and tell them how to bunch of stone age people are living in the past and how they embarrassed all the rest of us with their behavior and whether it's just as they're to fill in and their beard and their schmothes and their big coats and Oceli hats and how about coming into the 20th century before it's too late because it's almost over with. 560560 pound and that's far to that call to the end of the worst team this morning. I know you're listening right now okay just like all the other detractors on at show you can quote chapter inverse everything I say on the show come on let's have a little verbal in of course you and I okay. We'll have the thing come over to your house and to take care of your knee again. Oh by the way speaking to the thing that boy is stealing snickers. That's the latest scandal here at WQAM. Fact boy Jeff high from our sales department better known as is running around they have a promotion going out with Snickers in power 96 which of course you know we're all up here in the third floor now. So one of the sales ladies from a power 96 who's a count that happens to be the Snickers account he's got boxes in boxes of Snickers in a office and somebody I don't want to mention by name. Fact boy is going in and he's a Snickers Snickers. He's swipener Snickers. How do you like that? Apple, huh? You're gonna die Jeff high and just what we still don't like you. 26 after 10 is 5 we tried to tell you guys what they listen to was. If there's no no. I slanted where 80 valve from men was it like dividing to a York type of in daddy. I'm my cousin and when I bite into a York type of in daddy I get the sensation of flying down a snow cup of hill on a sled and the wind is cold and wet and all of a sudden took eyes on the bottom and it's not quite a funny thing. I mean, or my balls are down the way and funny I get angry and then when I get up the sled and see the dammit the boy looking at me like I'm the crazy one like I'm just. Nobody looks at me funny. York, peppermint daddy. It's the taste that puts you away. Hi, by the way, my Don Kings here to see a 1032 at 560 WQAM. See, it's good sitting up in this year. I'm not sitting on my twisting my kishki's anymore because there's nothing worse than sitting and squeezing your organ. But now it's like like this. Okay, let's get some good due talk here today. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. New. Yes, sir. You don't have to be. You remember in the 10 commandments the movie there was a scene of a show. You saw like a hole in. How come this phone line is so bad? Hang on a second. Well, line is he on to? How's that? Is that better? Yeah, that's very hello. Can you hear me now? Yeah, I can't be better. No, we just had the echo in it. Anyway, so do you remember in the 10 commandments they had to know? No, you saw that a hundred years ago. In case of it, and then they put the blood all over the place and then everybody was running inside in the big angle of death and were cloud in the whole thing. Anyway, just reviewed that. That one girl in the head said, you son of a bitch. I think that's what he said that. I don't know. The biggest rip off artist that I've ever heard in my life. Yes, all castor knows. Oh, the worst. I turned on my radio. That's morning to that. Do you know what he's singing like with his own voice and his own music? No, that song. Oh, so many times. Oh, my God. What an asshole. He is, you know, you believe that. I don't know. You got to get your George, let me tell you something. He did it here. He said, it's a clone of it's a clone of every other show I've ever heard. Right. With bits and pieces and when you're used to rip off your hand, the worst. He should still be thankful to the hand, be some royalties. He just said, I want to hear you guys been ripping me off. Oh, all the time, all the time is just all right. That guy makes me sick. I can't, you know, I can't. You know, I can't. You couldn't look Bob and Tom's ass. Anyway, that's it and happy day, fuffin. I love you, big faggot. Okay, and happy Easter Sunday. Happy good Friday. Happy yon to see you here a couple of holidays. See, we have to we got Hanukkah and Christmas, which cover the same time to make sure the Jews in the Goham, all get pacified and all kid get out of school at the right time. And nobody has to be embarrassed and everybody gives presents at the right time. And now we got Easter in the Passover, which always coincide, not quite as closely usually as this, but I mean, like spilling over, spill a wine. Like Eric Borden said, all over and we took it. To make sure again, the kid get out of school at just the right time. And everybody can celebrate and have their own silly every particular solid they would stay both are. I mean, absolutely ridiculous. The idea that we got to, and let me ask you, we had asked Wednesday, wasn't that a long time ago? Ask Wednesday? Wasn't that like months ago? I can February or something? What is the significance of that? I don't know. Oh, see, there you go. Even Mr. Hotshot and Mr. Religious Expert of Pretending, he knows something, even he doesn't know what asked Wednesday. I mean, you've heard of two of the spaghetti day. Maybe Wednesday is asked day. Today is Wednesday, by the way. So there you go, guys. That's Wednesday. Go get some. Somebody will call us, but what asked Wednesday? I know that some of the really embarrassing people like they really do the asking on the forehead. Oh, God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Why? Yeah, I keep asking myself over and over again. Why do why do people do this? Why the grown adult people who are walking around them and lose through these things? So good Friday, we got now. I don't even know what good Friday is either. I don't good. You're this. I don't know. We got that Friday and I'm taking off because it's a big holiday. And everybody else takes it off. That's what they killed them. Okay. They killed him on food Friday. So what was good about it? What do they call it? Good. Oh, that's when all the sin were redeemed when he died. That was the whole life sounds pretty goddamn sadistic to me. You got a guy nailed up there on a cross cream and why have you forsaken me? And I'm dying over here. And all the other crap. I think his last breath he said. That's when we didn't look at you. They said that too. That's right. And it's good. Good for us. Bad for him. Okay. There you go. That's I just don't get it. And then of course Sunday, we got Easter Sunday, which we all know the significance of that is that all the kids running around finding Easter eggs on the White House lawn. Right? Looking for the Easter Bunny who just like Santa Claus and God, another little story who made up to make everybody feel better and make you know Mary and Johnny feel better about life. Let's go. And of course also give the people like fat boy and excuse to go to Walgreens or records and buy lots and lots and lots of Easter candy. And also to make you a Graham understand, we don't we don't missing the Jews. Okay. You got your Easter candy. We got what we call Pacydickey candy. Which I don't know exactly what kind of candy that is and I'm not going to have any thank you. God forbid. But I mean what is Pacydickey candy? There's so many questions and so little time. So we can share all these fables, all these bubble micees together. Here's Miami. Hello. Happy holidays. Happy holidays. Which every Thursday has a beginning of the let which means you can't eat meat. Yeah. No, be sure for a month. For a couple months. So in other days, you can't have a brisket on the... Can I have a space to glue on us once they come? Until then. So in other days we'll say fish. Oh, fry this stuff like that. Then after Easter, then you can eat meat again. Yeah. Oh, you see if you get you can you know, you got to wait two or three months to give me a little support. Not a little about pork. Pork? That's okay and Pacydickey. Okay. Thank you. 560, 560, 560, and I'm getting a headache already from this. From thinking about all these ridiculous things. Apple, cinnamon and wine for the mortar used in the Egyptian bricks. Oh. It just wears me out. It really does. It makes me weak. It makes a nut out of cinnamon. Yeah. Absolutely. And wine. Why do you think all those sloppers are out there looking the walls on the outside of the building this morning? Wouldn't let him water be cheaper. Ninsu, see fat boy out there. He said, oh, they're cinnamon and they're that's pretty sweet. Anything that's got us we'd taste it with. Let's put his tongue on. Here's a Darrell. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. Hey what's going on? Listen after observing everybody's talking off like slide talking Joe and all everybody else on your version. Uh, rather than with you. Yeah, let me. Right away for you to top off. I'm going to thank you for all your years of laughter and humor and stuff like that came out of the toilet as far as mentally wise. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We go well. Yeah. Well come. And yesterday I'm glad to hear that the number eight line did work and somebody did occupied and now you know we even have somebody online eight right now. How do you like that? Oh, and by the way, let me just point this out for people that think I overreact and I carry on and I'm not a management to like they were working on the phone lines during the show. Did you hear the one guy that sounded like he was blowing the skin food or something on there? Yeah, it sounded bad. Those actually go the couple it calls it sounded pretty bad. Yeah, and they were screwing around with the phone lines on there. Oh, look at that there's lobby. We're here. He's bleeding on the ground. Oh, I'm sorry for Virginia. Fabio was taken to local hospital. He was treated for minor cuts and he was released. I love it. Okay. Get that out. No worries. Go ahead, Trump. Sorry. And uh, uh, well, it's like, oh, and when you pound it on the wall, do you finally get those people the attention that turned them music down? Then it's time to find out that they're way to help out on the hall. George had to run down the hole and tell them to cut the cramp. Yeah, I can't believe. I was cracking up with them. I was pounded on a man in the wall too. Let's still do a goddamn good. These these people here. They're crazy. They're crazy people. Uh, before I go kneel. Yes, sir. Feel Henry, you're God. Okay. Okay. Okay. 560, 5050, 5060, pound 560 on a mobile one line. So Dr. Mark is now setting me. I have no idea why the results from those tests that we're taking one six months ago. Do not repeat routinely. Uh, this and that. No, no, no, what do you mean by that? I want to repeat, Mr. said rate 11 normal. Okay. Before we said like slight inflammation, now it says, and don't call in again that a doctor marked your great guy, but you're killing me. And here's another one that do this and don't do that. And all all these things that he sent to me now, and they still say nothing. Oh, by the way, I was talking to somebody yesterday that I want to say who was somebody in the medical profession and about how everybody's starting to get real a nervous about the Cleveland Clinic and they're treating the panther players and I saw many of them seem to be having additional problems. And Dino's got to go up north and Pivell's got to go to Alabama with a banjo on his bad knee and Gordon Murphy's been out for six months of Wednesdays and all these people don't seem to come back. And this particular practitioner said to me, I've heard a lot of bad things about that place. Huh. Do you want to just say these heard a lot of bad reports about some of those doctors over there? So if you're over the age of 100, I recommend highly that you go over to that particular spot. Otherwise, I'm not too sure at this point. They got me really to the location in Nebraska. And now we see the president getting ready to deliver his address. He's in the Oval Office with the gold drapes behind him and he is preparing to address the American people. Music please. Mothel Americans, I have the blood R forces, the put up a five in a place called Cosa, boo. Outside of Alpania, where all the masks don't even go. Right there in Focillum, we're gonna blow away. Serbian Muslims in the KLA. Slop over my loce of it is mad because his nickname is Slob. Later a Cosa blow, break out and poke at the Coyote and gluggle that Romanian Bulgaria, Croatia, Herzegovania, Serbia, Pristina, Adriatic, T.S.D. and Cosa, boo. That's where I told me to do point our planes and go. And I have a bell grade answer, you won't. And you go Mothel and they go. And they go and blurt some there. You know, Boko Bryant ought to be really proud because not only is Randy Rhodes ripping off that bit but Boko Bryant, I'll catch up and didn't I predict that yesterday he'd be the next one to rip it off because that's his whole thing is a rip off artist. He should send bills out to all these people. Yeah, Boko Bryant ought to set a bill to that bitch up there in Palm Beach in Palm Beach and set a bill over to catch her over there to over at the queer channel. Rip off artist, baby man, pathetic. By the way, speaking of people that we used to know Brad Chick-gaard Jennifer said, so there's a little piece in the paper today. Anybody want a little piece. It says, and now it's time for a pit stop with two teas. Since we already seem to be focusing on some meal persons in their visual aspect, it says, which I forget about the rest of the article. Globe, that celebrity info icon, says, it sources claim Brad Pitt may be reluctant to wet his real life love interest Jennifer Aniston because he's afraid to disillusion the millions of fans, including many males who dig him. Wait till you're the rest of this. Brad Pitt, God. Brad has always been a gay icon, says, guy, Plaskan of the gay and lesbian times. He's a cute and charming blonde guy, so of course, gay men worship him. Oh, he's blonde. I thought they died his hair blonde. He was never blonde. For that one awful movie where he was like up there lost in the amount of the snow and he, uh, he's blood. What he wants to be. Oh. Here's how pit's former manager filled low bell season. He's actually flattered because there were so many home-o-sexuals who have made great contribution to the arts. He's also practical about it. The more moving going fans are better, straight or gay. Okay. What basically it says is Brad Pitt likes you no matter what you're doing. The two-on little, maybe he'll cooperate. Who knows? I got news for him. He's okay. Now, he was, but what was the name of that movie? He was like about 19 or 20. Which one? He was on the, uh, the roller blades. And I'll just remember that movie where he was like the, high school, uh, jock, the track star. What was the name of that flick? I know the one you're talking about. But I forget that. He was like 20 playing 18 or something like that. They always do that. That was a little more than he looked at. And he thought kind of scrawny and we all saw on the event that they're real very pencil-fantinist. Yeah. I mean, yeah, that's all that important. He looks okay. But let's not get carried away. I mean, you know that an artist is like starting to fade a little bit when they have to escrow out of their way to make overtures to West Fangs. Then you know, they're starting to duped in its new pin little bit. And the people that saw the thing on the event weren't all in impressed. Here's a mobile pig reporting plantation. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah, before I lose a, um, uh, high all that little bit south of Peters, the hiding in that little complex there. You got two plantation cops, cars, and that about four on, uh, motorcycles. And this is nail and everybody. Nice to know they got off high at this road for one day. That's good. Oh, yeah, but I just, this is our personal, the president. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Happy pace, officer. Yeah, you too. And back to you. Come on. Let's get them Jews in there. Tell us about all this good. How about the salt water? What is that? What do you, what do you do with a bowl of salt water? You, you do what would the parsley in it? You dip the parsley in it. You dip the parsley in the salt water and then you eat it. And then you, yeah. Parsley. I mean, who the whole lot see parsley like by itself? Parsley is usually like, uh, you know, like a little, uh, appendage to something. You put a little parsley like on pasta, huh? A little parsley flakes on top of something like on your macaroni and cheese this grinding. Now what about good Friday? Are there cool and everything that you have to follow along? Good. Well, you don't know about good Friday. I forget or answering the. See, don't listen to George way. Does they show his potential to be an expert on religion? He's really slipping bad. I haven't been a Catholic since I was no. But that's what you're supposed to know this stuff. You're supposed to know why you hated know it's ridiculous. It was ridiculous. Of course, what am I know about taste of? He's so like, yeah, I'm more even. I'm supposed to, I never knew any of this stuff, you know, because it's all the same. Every holiday, the Egyptians were chasing the Jews and they either ran out of oil and the lamp, or you was, uh, well, that's what is that? Hanukkah. And then they, uh, who knows? All these wild, crazy stories. It's a good good occasion to get together, have some food, break the bread. Oh, not the bread. Oh, sorry, break the 11 bread. Have a little bit of wine and that's it. And the rest of it, forget it and sit around and laugh at the orthodox and to be able and mention the fact several times that were embarrassed by their behavior. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. And I will. Yes, man. Um, well, as being in the next month, I have a degree in theology. It's the essence theology because that's all it's good for. So I can be as on it. Um, you were talking about Ashquen's day. Yeah. Ashquen's day, yeah. Yeah, Ashquen's day, basically it's best to dust and ashes to ashes with the penitence thing of back in the middle ages. So you actually wear sack cloth and ashes. And so that's what a socket crap to me. It sure is. Well, well, well, what's your significance? I mean, what is that whole linting about the 70 days? 10 minutes of what? Well, two of 40 days that Christ was in the desert fasting. So they're all right. And I thought it wouldn't you have always been in the desert? Huh? No, at 1.20 times. Oh, seriously, I mean, is there anything except desert and Israel? No. No. True. So how could he have an oven and desert only 40 days unless he was out of town? Maybe the rest of the time. Well, this was supposed to be 40 days that he was in the, um, you know, BFA. Yeah. So anyway, um, and then as far as we still don't know, we're going to start. I know. I know. I know what. I mean, it's very very chaos. God. We really are. They're terrific. We really do as it wears me out. Yep. And then, um, almost as much as getting calls from Georgia's accountant, that crazy David with his to film. Okay. Have you ever seen that? Do you know what that is? Yes, I do. Well, then, Bradford. Other straps around their arm and foot. Well, and then she knows circulation going. Right. He's just about cut out and they start wailing. And of course, you'd be wailing too if they cut your circulation off of that. What is that? What kind of lunacy? What kind of SNI exercise? Actually, the hat that was kind of tight to kind of cook a circulation off to the brain. Yeah. You wanted to know what that was. That's what his laying the development is. It's a bad habit, too. Yeah. There you go. But the pants over time, if the man says about pants over, but I just don't remember what your questions were. Well, I don't understand this stuff with the food. You know, like the lie well, I guess this article is basically because there was supposed to be ready to travel. So, therefore, they didn't have time to allow the bread to rise. So, the bread was flat. They didn't let it rise? That's right. Because it's not. And how about the bread? But that's the reason why. The unleavened bread, basically, bread that doesn't have any yeast in it. And therefore, can't rise because she's like, I can't do this. That's the answer. I think I'm going to collapse just hearing you describe this. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm so worn out. It's a weird me out. It just makes me weak thinking about all these silly things. Exactly. I mean, of course, it's good for business. All the people, you know, the people that make kosher foods and so on, they got to make their money sometime of the year. So, they sell a lot of mata. Who in the right mind would buy mata at the rest of the year? It tastes like cardboard. I mean, it's okay with like a lot of salt and butter on it. It's like rice cake? No, it's tasteless. Okay. No rice cakes at least have some taste of it. But this is like totally bland and tasteless. And that's why I have to smear a lot of butter on your an instant salt. Yeah, that's right. How about some jam? I mean, you could take the butter and salt and put it on your hand and look it off and that would taste pretty good too, you know. But you have to put it. It's like it's like getting a really crappy steak and loading on some great steak sauce, you know, because your steak has no taste. That's what the butter in the salt is because the mata is tasteless. Well, anyway, those are time-let's listen. I'm sure you'll be sure. No, no, what about good Friday? Because I am taking the day off and I want to be in a different Catholic district, Friday. Good Friday. Good Friday. The white mata leaves at lunch. Why you want to eat cheese? At noon, you need to go to a church. Well, I'm not going to do that. Well, I'm just telling you how the proper servants would be and then you would do the I'm not going to go to church street. Right here. This one? Yeah. The stations of the cross. You go to each one of these. There's seven on one side of the church and seven on the other. The stations are there is one like QA. Am I hope? All right. Well, that would be across the bear. Yeah, it always is, yeah. And each one has a different significance. You would actually said, my God, why have you to say anything? And that's probably already knew the answer, of course. Yeah. But it was part of the script. So yeah, like a play and a... There you go. Like the passion play. Exactly. Well, that's what the passion play is. The station is the cross. It was similar to a passion play. That, um, like I said, you go to church, noon and around three. That's what that's traditionally when he visits both of those. But what? What's your new eat on good Friday? Not well. You're not supposed to eat meat. Yeah. As far as fasting goes, I think the church doesn't, I'm not sure because I'm not a capic anymore. But I don't think they have that Friday during lunch. I may be wrong. Okay. But I do know that I'm good Friday. You don't eat meat. You're really supposed to fast all day. No food at all. But, um, you know, that's not possible. So another word, even though they call it good Friday, it's kind of like your own kipper. It's just said, that's what you're doing. You're a giant fan. What do you about that's because he died in the cross and took where since that split with mixed good, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, good for us, bad for him. There you go. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm going to pass out. I'm just going to be a plastic cross. I'm going to put some straps around your arms and take all the circulation out of your hand. So maybe it'll go up your head and you will pass out. Oh, okay. I have to, uh, happy even day. Thank you. Bye-bye. Wow. Leave it to the accident to come through with the info, huh? Oh. Just get weak into these from hearing all of these ridiculous, maniacal, silly, uh, 560, 560, uh, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Anybody out there really like motset? No. Lame shank. No. Shaw shank. No. Redemption. Parts in the salted water. No. Mm. Yummy. No wonder they make brisket. You got to have something to eat. Christ. I do like brisket. So, by the way, I think tomorrow maybe we'll have ponytail combined with something that, uh, 11, uh, motset pizza and motset lasagna. That's just a little hand ponytail, okay. Can't do it today. I got mommies for lunch today. Plus, at least it'll be officially on pace off. The part of that forgot to mention, that's another one of, uh, sunny heresh left us that. Another one of those, uh, carts I was talking about today. It's got the S on there from Sports Department back at, uh, wherever he was working at the time. And it's, uh, it says on the label owners, has puked burp. Well, always have that, remember? Oh, I buy away. I heard somebody call up Hank yesterday. I was going to the store and a guy gets on here. See, this is just what I was talking about yesterday. Some of us, we don't exist. Any of us who worked at IOD except Hank, none of the rest of us, don't, we just don't exist. It's all a figment of our imagination. And the guy was talking about Sonny's call in the game, where the kid ran 99 yards for the touchdown. And about, oh yeah, my kid and I were always, uh, talked about that. It was always so cute, the, you know, 99 yards. The only reason this guy remembers 99 yards is because on this show and reconciled the both of us, we took the clip out and it was like legendary for whatever reason. I remember why, but it was, uh, whatever. Which unfortunately is long gone. I wish we still had it. All we got left of Sonny is, uh, there you go. At least it's something on his cart. Anyway, meet the net for you today. We meet Chris Reed. He's not a bad guy. He's one of the few people around here. That's, uh, you know, he's okay. He's, uh, going to have the QAM van out today between 1231 30 at the Shell gas station on US 27 in Southwest 27. I haven't even been to Grove. I'm going to the Grove again. We don't do squat in the Grove. What did they go in there for? You know what this is like? This is like that thing that Harry Penis was doing with the what's your name on a travel show? I read Richard remember? And she didn't want to put the guest on. Well, it may have to cancel your show. This is another one of these in says to withstand the shambles. So who knows what he's going? I he's probably puppet ethyl down to a shell. Anyway, US one in Southwest 27. I haven't been to Grove. We got free tickets to the Marlins Meds game next Tuesday, April 6, courtesy of Agenar Block. And by the way, HNR Block will be filing taxes for free at the stadium at that game. Or get free tickets to date date County for an expo from our QAM van. It'll be out there for 1231 through today. It'll be a miracle if any. I think what they do is on this show. They go out to places where they think nobody will show up and say, oh, gee, nobody here. Manage was out the other day. It was packed. We go on free on your show. Nobody there. Maybe that's why nobody's calling you, Mr. You don't have any audience? That's what it's all about. Here's some rise, hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I am a June sunrise. I have him practiced in a while. Yeah. But when I was growing up, I did practice this fact. In fact, the practices in Northodox for a while. Oh, Oh, they have some insight into some of these bubble micees. Exactly. Yeah. The list reads kind of like the nurse with some deloes and fatso. What's right? Can't eat on past. That's right. No corn, no beans, no rice, no cookies, candies, cakes, pies, you know. And then when he picks the grape up out of the Ebola fruit, no fruits. Right. I love that. That's interesting. So one word is sums it up as sacrifice. Yeah. Because, you know, they were leaving Egypt on the land. They were okay. Get out on the land. They had to take you right. They had to take everything, you know, as it was. And so they couldn't harvest anything, obviously. Now, what if they were, what if they were fleeing from Egypt on the piggyback? That would have been an empty pork on pace off that. That would be bad. As far as the brisk it, I don't know that when I was growing up, that was never a tradition. I remember having a... I keep asking everybody, what about the word that this brisk it from? I'm waiting two days now. I don't have, I must have lost it, man. I can't have one Jew called in here, tell me what a brisk it has got to do with pace off. I think it's got something to do with where you live, where you live, but maybe for the North East J. Brisk and a we ate chicken a lot. Yeah, I'll come back. I'll come back. I'll come back. Chicken. Yeah, that's one thing about being Jewish. By the time you're going to be about 20, you're chickened out. You've had all of chicken you can add, you know, why we want to see another chicken? And the thing is, you can eat just about anything as long as it's made with moth's immune. Yeah. And today, it's a big business, like you said, they've got any cake mix and pancakes and on and on and on. And the thing is that it's become such a big business. That was the disillusionment. My religion. I said, Levine, even he's on Levine on the pace off the tell me. It's a bit. And don't forget the fact of the first born. Today, if you were, if you were the first born, you must have because of course that was the whole basis for the angel of death passing over. Yeah, that's all the first born. Well, guess what, I was the second born. So I mean, baby, a task of the tisket. I'm checking out that brisket. Exactly. That's the origin of the holidays because all the first born Egyptian males were smitten. Yeah. All the first born Jewish. There was an awful lot of there was be getting and smitten going. That's basically all of what on in the Bible was to get and then smitten and smitten and then be getting and blood and torture and sacrifice and nailing guys up on the cross and, oh my god. Oh, wow. Exactly. Very well said. So that's, that's, I know one thing I wanted to mention I've been listening for several days, a week or actually, I probably have a day about melting pot. You know, that the Americans are melting pot. Well, he said this town was a melting pot. Right. I know, most of them using. If you think back, I said, when is a butterster? How what temperature we got to get to before it starts melting? Well, my opinion is the stove's been off for a long time. Yeah. Nobody melts. They all come here and they set up little pockets of their own ethnic cultures. They don't blend in. They don't assimilate. When this country was started or when people were coming to this country through LSI and so forth, all these different nationalities would come to this country and they did. They started to blend in. They started to marry people that were already here from different countries and so forth. They was truly a melting pot. And that's what we have. We have all these, all this diversity. We have people that are, as you say, the hyphenated people that they like to refer to themselves. Yeah. The refer to themselves. That's, but they're American. They've been American. They're people. They're human beings, baby. They stepped on the shorts. Nobody bought me by the human being. That's all. That was a good bucket. Yeah. The whole thing is that they don't melt anymore. They come in. And of course, you know what happens when you turn the stove off and at oil in the frying pan starts solidifying. It hurts to like a bard. Right. That's what we got. We got a lot of large asses in this town who are professional lists or professional, they're professional, hyphenated human beings as opposed to being just plain ordinary Americans or humans of whatever they're going to hell. I don't give a crap. African American, Irish American, I, I, a human American, I'm sick of it. I don't want to hear about it anymore. If I have to be some kind of compartmentalized human being based on somebody else's definition, screw it. Absolutely. What I'm, uh, Cox, the hoist is what I say. They're citizens. Exactly. And the last thing I wanted to disagree with you about something. Yes, sir. Ever since he caught him you warned, you have to realize that Shakespeare in love was a comedy. Yeah. So it won. It makes the tradition. Because after all, one best comedy. But does anybody, does anybody care about Shakespeare? No. No. It's a dead issue. The worst award ever. Happy quansus, sir. Thank you. God bless. Happy quans. Happy boxing day eight. There you go. There's a holiday which I have no idea what it's all about. The cut off stuff got that one boxing day. They after Christmas. And what do they do with that? They made it into a big shopping day. Boxing day said, everything's the day to go out and shop. Now what about good Fridays? That like a, that's I guess like a young kipper, right? It's a solemn day. Well, what do you shrug in your shoulders for? I would be able to answer this word for the age of nine. Oh, but you didn't do anything. I think you ought to be excommunicated right now. I think you need a uh, and exorcism right now. Because if you don't get with you, you know, what's going to happen? Go to hell. That's right. And you will. You'll go to hell, God. Yeah, that's right. Nine minutes after 11 at five, 60 WQM, Hank Goldberg, 2 to 5 30. Because after 5 30, Hank's going to go, oh, he's going to slet apart off to that satir baby and have a little bit of one. And no much of by the way, Hank. Hank was in here yesterday. He's looking a lot better. He lost 34 pounds. We're trying to keep him alive. Blue got off the others. They'll hope for blue. I mean, boog is younger than the rest of us. He's got maybe a little more time left. But he, he is if he continues expanding at the rate that he's expanding, he'll make Ron Jeremy, fat boy and L. Goldstein joined together, a little pale in a bunch of different. He's growing like a like an out of control monster. The boogster, but Hank, they're still hope for, okay? So please no, Mosa. Maybe just a little bit, little taste. A lot of brisket. Ten per day, but no about the brisket. Come on, let's hear about the brisket. God, I die for some good brisket. He's something we actually like, and then I can eat without getting fat. It's today is fall fashes. It's retro, homage. Retro, homage. Retro, homage. I can't wait to get into your sister. Retro, homage. Shined. Retro, homage. It's here. It's on the mode of department. Oh, look, you've got an oxygen in your later. Oh, and you just happy to see the retro homage. Hey, I'm going to George again. You know, talking about not going to eat tight ends, not going to Irish defending the Cuban zoo. I'm not going to guess you are 567560, Pomp560. Why don't you just admit that you were very a thin skin uptight, professional human. We all know that, and that's a minute that somebody far too long to write something about how that's, well, cuisini, you're a sucks. So you get all bent on a shave, you've never eaten it. I don't want it. You don't know. I don't want it. You don't never had sex with bread, Pitch. You want it? No, okay. There you go. I don't know. I didn't go into the phone. I don't know what you're saying. 567560 and Pomp560. I don't want to know what I'm talking about. I don't want to have sex with women. Okay. I'm never headed. I don't want it. Here you go. No, yeah. I'm about, hey, women. There you go. No, not about the women about the Cuban. Oh, no. I'm not. I love my Cuban friends. Huh? You eat Mexican food. I do. You have a little taco bell. Well, I've been to Mexican restaurants in quite a straight way. He has me to green apple and quick step. Oh, what's come here than that? Huh? I don't understand your impressions to not try something like conversation. Don't you understand? I like a wedding on holidays. I like watching a race. I don't like eating them. I mean, that's a funny joke and all. It's not a joke. They're a joke. Is it horse me to visit the Chupa Cabra? That piece of crap that you put on a plane call out a steak. How about is that? What? And what's that sofa on my rope? What is that thing? Here's a tempered pine, yellow. Oh, yes, sir. Hi, I'm a not-practice. You can't play kid. I have a little story for you. Yes, sir. You're a friend of mine. He was a, he was an altru boy, back at our old school, right? He was an altru boy. He was an altru boy. What did you circumcise? Yeah, you wouldn't know, I guess. I wouldn't know. Yeah, every, during the season of what is the sin to eat meat on Fridays, you know that, right? Well, in any case, there's a good now. He was serving, he was serving a mess on a Friday in you know, and you know, he served the mess and then after the after the mess, the priest took took all the altru boys out to eat, right? Yeah, and he took it to a restaurant and they all had steaks. They all were eating meat, yeah. Got a good Friday with the priest right there and he was eating a jack. Great. Well, a lot of priest did like their meat. So how's that? So how's that? Yeah, so how's that for religious leadership? I think he's leading you into the promised world. There you go. Who wouldn't want to go out and have a nice stay, huh? Absolutely. God bless him and you too, sir. All right, and happy boxing day. Amy, are you going to the pan of these kids today? Yes, sir. I'll be there. So we'll, good while see you there. All right. All right. Let's kick some ass tonight, baby. Oh, the one guy, you know, guilty yesterday. What did turn around that little pipsquake? Did huh? Yesterday's ads on the sin pie. So, bye, bye, and then the bro ones take it up the old rear last night and the rear hood should have lost, but they only got the tie. We still got a shot. We got games in hand on both those teams. We got 10 games left and with without pop, which it's going to be without. We still can do it. Let's go out there, okay. Let's overachieve, which is franchise has always done. God damn it. Here's Pete the echronic board off. Oh, he just, you know, you're used to be such a good guy, Pete, but God, he can't go to the game tonight. He's got two seats in lower bull. It says, maybe you can help me unload them. So in other words, he doesn't want to give them a way. He's probably trying to sell them. He's want them to restrive, try to say here. And he's got his phone number. Do you want to deal with this? No, George, give me a dirty look. Sorry, Pete. Go out and scowp him. Go on and sell him to somebody. Man, Yuck has said, he used to be such a wonderful guy. And what happened? You'd like that young new thing. 560, 750, 50, 50, 150 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's hear from people who are going to eat macaroni and cheese in spite of the Pope. I do like macaroni. I can't eat it. What is that break my heart, you know? Don't, let me just give you some advice. Seriously, I beg you before you become diabetic. Stop now. Because once you become diabetic, even if you got your sugar under control, you cannot go back. I'm talking type two diabetes. Adult onset fat. That kind of like me. And Hank, you can't go back. You can't turn the clock back and say, okay, my blood sugar is under control. Now I can start eating pasta, macaroni and cheese, spaghetti and such. Each all those great things I love. And God, do I love that stuff. I love a ton of food. I love my little trucker. We are there. The trucker, we are not going to see on a what are our places called in Rome. Oh, you go downstairs. There's our pizons down there with a nice little red sugar tablecloth and a very simple place. And everything is made fresh. And they mixed the parmared, the regional parmesan are right in there with the sauce with the puldoro sauce. And it's right in there mixed with the pasta, fresh and delicious tasting like, see, most people cannot understand how a bowl of spaghetti could taste that good. I'm not talking about with anything adorning it. I'm just talking with pometer oil with the tomato sauce and the cheese like mixed in throughout. It's like gooey, you know what I mean? I'm going to tell you something seriously. I could have a scored score accident. That's how we're while I'm eating it. That's how good it tastes. And the spaghetti too. I mean, just unbelievable. Can't do it. Because I didn't cut the crap in time. So, boo, I don't want to keep, you know, he's hopeless. He just wants to be a fat cow, you know? We're going to start calling fat people fat cows that they don't like it too bad. Because it's unhealthy. It looks like hell. You people at the hockey games lose some weight. Christ Almighty, we got a brand new arena that the chairs are creaking. The chairs are the whole places is like crumbling. Because all new people with your fat asses, I'm serious. I walk in there and I feel very spilt. I really do. I feel like, God, look how skinny I am. Here's sunrise. Hello. I present to Hayton Neil. And back to you. I'm born in a born in 18th. Are these in Paceau? What do you call that mean? Right exactly. Born again, 18th. You're your brisket issue. Yes. It's a matter of interpretation like it is with the depending upon which test of your full enough to believe it. If your parents came from this region, this is your traditional main course from Kimway. I'm just saying very likely. My family, it's roast before 19th or Gideon next. If your grandparents came from this empty Europe, then it was brisket that there's no traditional ceder dinner that you eat. It's whatever your family tradition was as I understand. That's the way I understood it. Right. I was brought up as a kid with the United Synagogue group. I landed I benched that I popped on it. Oh, you name an idea to tell. I'll tell you one story that I recall as a young parent that probably interprets everything. My kid has the dubious honor of having his birthday usually fallen on the Passover Hall of the day, which always made it difficult because you can't have this weekend. At that he can have whatever. One day we wanted to have a full party of my parents house and my parents. I'm not a ham and cheese sandwich. Why you ham on Friday? Some work about everybody at the same time. But we were doing a full party and we were doing hamburgers and they're low and behold, my mother's putting hamburgers into rolls. And I'm looking at it going with the hell of a system. All right, it's 11. It's much a roll. And I'm sitting here going, if you go into a store, let's use kosher stores, you can find a food that is acceptable for Passover that completely defeats the purpose of sacrifice. You can find bread that's not 11. You can find grains that you can eat because you're not supposed to eat grains that don't eat. I'm sorry, it's this stuff that Jeff Cohen. I'm not just saying because it's a sponsor, but this stuff that's a lot to pizza and Muzani, he's making that's 11. It's fantastic. It tastes even to me even better than the regular stuff. But that's the whole idea. The fact that it's been commercialized to the point of how can we get around it and still call it kosher? Right. So the whole thing is different. It's different. It's if it makes a difference. Exactly. So as you can pay stuff to you and then put a big pile of tossed on the center plate and the hell with them. And Zagazon, see you later. Okay, very good. There's the answer. A task of a test. Maybe you want some brisket or maybe a big turkey, yeah? Or maybe a pork sandwich would be good. On my bread, on Wonder Bread. 560, 560, pound 560, on the 80. But it's tradition. It's tradition. We've been conditioned to doing all of these things. And so year and in and year out, we keep doing them. Even though they're very extraordinary, recently, and then make little or no sense. In fact, less than no sense. But the majority of people just continue going around like robots, like automaton doing these things because, uh, that's the way we do things. You know, 560, I'm not going to beg for calls today because I don't want to get that dark and collected guy all upset that called it the end of the worst even. I know your listings pal. I know you'll be listening out there right now. You'll be there. Let me hold your pencil a minute, pal. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Neil. Yes, I am. My husband always was listening to your program. What about, and what about you? Oh, I'm listening to him. I'm not a heard you say something about, um, micro-nary and I can't say defined a mental. So 1230 on your dial. What do you live? Well, your Hollywood, you should be able to hear him. 1230? Well, 1230 is the spot on the dial on AM. 6 to 10 in the morning or 6 to 9 in the morning. On AM. Right. 1230. That's 1230 on the clock 1230 on the dial. And Henry Barrow seems to disappear. He has retired. He's gone to the big, oh, radio broadcast booth in, uh, retirement home. I think he's in a nursing home. No. No. I was heard him on that Thursday. And he was not in any more. Well, he heard that those ratings were really bad. So we said, I think it's time to, uh, get out of here. Hmm. And he did. Well, I appreciate your telling me. Hey, listen, I wish nothing but the best to a micro-nary. He never stole a freight train. I miss this program. I'm very much, I'm not. That was the beginning of the end for that radio station. We all know that. Don't we? Hmm. When I let him go and a stuck his step in and then the back, that was the beginning of the end and the deserved it. Right. Then have a happy. Thank you. Thank you. And so I get them. Okay. Wild. Oh, I hate that station. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I should have realized they're getting real close to pace on. I should have understood that. That's why we've had a real tough time to last two or three weeks. Oh, yeah. This thing covers an eternity. I see the sports bags out there. It doesn't affect them. I mean, you're always out there. Those same 200 sports bags. We know about them. Hey, uh, who do you think they're going to get to play right tackle in that draft? Oh, you think it's going to be, uh, what would that guy from Omaha from Manabra'ska? What's his name? Oh, boy. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's up? How are you doing, sir? Should I Franky, can't you take a look at the Center over the peppers and salt each? Right. Um, I got to. I can eat that. Yeah. This might be a little too delayed, but I've got a two report in one of the most unlikely places. Yes. The bathrooms at Miami Bay Community College we're talking Solomon Gamora really. I mean, I was there yesterday holding it and uh, that too. And I looked to the left until the right and I see advertisements for young, dingas, Solomon. Hey, and uh, you'll look at the glory. Oh, yeah. And meet me at the showers at 11 30. Right. And uh, all kinds of good stuff. So, Miami Day, that's the next cruising. But you know, who goes to Miami Day? And that course obviously you're wild. But I mean, you know, this is kind of late, but I kind of wanted to make an addition to the list of gate professions. Yes, sir. Anybody who has an immunity supply? Okay. And I'd like to try for a call, you by me. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I think once we get past this Easter business, and you meet all that Easter chocolate, I think they will be okay. Then we'll have it under control. And by the way, Greg would have said he would have gone down and to see the uh, response that thing we're doing today with a fan. But he doesn't have enough gas might get down there. And it's already, uh, you don't get no more allowance might the next week. And I'll have a second singing songs that will lift you up and make you get that. Eastern around, there's starting to play that organ new is a choir boy. Play that organ music, right? Play that organ new is a choir boy. Play down and pull the end play that organ music in my eyes. Which might be so, the whole thing, get you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the popo bill. Oh, there, uh, popo bill. Parts, Peter, Peter, owner of the storm and ready for the father. And on this CD, he's a pop. Just should be playing finger. You should all know being gathered, think as a church, if I take a beer once too. You're never being the fool if you'll do church or something. This may be cop. and a letter on Chippie. As a minimal hour special intro my pre-craft. Get it who saved yourself $5. Burnry! It's the 133 at 5.60 WQAM. Here's a memo just handed to me to all of WQAM staff from Gregory. It gives me great satisfaction when I was at WQAM MVP for the month of February is... ...very started. ...very who was recently promoted to National Sales Manager at WQAM has done a commendable job of getting our national sales rolling. Here he is blowing... ...away budgets... ...and is on the verge of taking WQAM to new heights in National Sales. Here he is blowing... ...away budgets... ...here he is done several tours of duty here at WQAM... ...and is a very devoted employee. He truly loves and believes in WQAM is all about. Beyond all of that, he is a good friend and a good person who is truly dedicated to improving his performance here at WQAM. He is blowing away in budget. Jerry will receive a $200 bonus or he better take the WQAM pen for his achievement. So he joined me in congratulating Jerry Sarner the February employee of the month at 5.60 WQAM. Oh, you are acting. Here he is done. You are as you are not interested in the weather. I always noticed that the way these are written is always like a little message in there. Like a little stock. Have you ever noticed that? A little stock. He is a good friend. Jerry will go to dinner with me, so it is great. Some of the others won't. George Will. George will take a female, like tonight George is going to dinner with our goal esteem. George will take a female from virtually anyone. I have never seen you in a fat boy came in and said, I am going to buy dinner with Chris. I will draw the line there. If he said I will buy dinner with Chris and I will also do another table. You would say, okay, can I sit in another table? Right. Okay. In other words, just tell him, stay way in the back. Pretend you don't know me. You are not sure that line before. Stay way in the back. Don't come anywhere near me. Pretend you don't know me. I don't want to be embarrassed by you. Sit in the back sucking on your Snickers bars. They are still from power 96. See, Gregory, won't think he will never understand because he doesn't speak the broadcasting when he is at some of us are here to do a job. We are not here to smooth. We are not here to be good friends with people. Yeah, unless we become good friends with him, which can happen. Sometimes it does. Sometimes it does. We are here to do a job. Hello. Good bye. Sit. Very simple. You do your job. You do it well. You bring in a lot of money. You make them. That's all that's required. Unless of course, you just operating opportunity. And also Greg Poked his head in the door here a few minutes ago when I was in middle of doing the show. And says the George, what's all this? I'm hearing about the Cleveland Clinic. They're upset. And it took me back to the yesterday when Hank was reading that letter from his landlord there at the Jockey Club about CS&B 50s comments. Is he going to see the CS&B set, which he is not going to. He's going to keep for you. And he's big fat mouth. He feels like it because it's right. He's pissed off and fired up about whatever's going on at joint. And I'm pissed off and fired up about what's going on at Cleveland Clinic. I mean, if I don't bring anything, that's all conjecture. I have no idea. You know, everybody's guessing about that. But my own personal experiences. And what my friend, a practitioner told me yesterday about some of the stuff that I'm not happy with it. I'm very unhappy with it. What's some of my experiences? So you people over there to Cleveland Clinic with your 500 year old people sitting in a waiting room, even though you've been very nice and getting the in and out of there, and giving me preferential treatment from that standpoint, never to less. What have they done for me? Besides, I have a one guy giving me a prescription for medication that was way way too much. That's why my blood sugar suit's soaring up. And no follow through. No nothing. And as far as I'm concerned, I'm real unhappy. And I like I said, the other day, I wouldn't take my miniature picture there. Okay? That's the way I feel about it. Just so there's no misunderstanding, okay? Nobody's going to intimidate me and tell me what to say on a year. About the Cleveland Clinic, about the Jockey Club, about Greg Reed's haircut, about anything. Okay? Because that's why I do. That's what I'm paid to do. It's due to the neurology show period. So maybe a little bit more thoroughness might help over there. Okay? A little more thoroughness, a little more follow through. For the big humongous thing I had here, the bruise on my arm, or that the bitch took my blood out there. Now I've had blood taken, and most of you, if you're my age, you've had blood taken a zillion time. And you know, sometimes if they hit the vein just the wrong way, it can leave like a little black and blue mark per couple of days. This wasn't just a little black and blue mark. You saw it. You're all witnessed as big and purple as you're sure. As big and purple as my, that's right. You're goddamn right. And most people don't have a f*** near your elbow. Okay? So there. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. What's up, Neil? I don't. You're great. Listen, I heard peach giving away to tickets. I give them a 20 for both of them. Okay, call them. See how he's doing. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 80, 80, and 80, and 80, why this time. We're not pimping for tickets. Okay? And we're not doing nothing for tickets. Although it's 12, 30, we are giving away for tickets. And today, counting a spare and exposition. And also tickets for the Marlin's Metz game to the April 6th courtesy of H&R Block. The nephew of Chris Reed, he'll be there with a Q&V and 12, 30 to 130. Shell, Stacey, US, one in South West, 27. They don't disappoint. They don't disappoint me because then it makes us look bad. Because then he comes back and says to the uncle, he said, oh, I know it was nobody there. That Neil, you know. That's what goes on around here. You know. You know, like Sam said, the other day when I was off for a while. Remember that day? For 20 minutes when I had to go to the doctor that day and you didn't 20 minutes of the, there's a Greg Noob about this. There's no, there's no about this. That's even worse. Can you imagine? There's no about this. Let me say it again. Sam, the water Nazi, the sales lady, Gary Sarner, and the man with the better haircut. That's it. Huh? That's the club, the inner circle. That's exactly, that's the inner circle. And to get club you more on. 21 before, did I leave out raw? I think it's just a face man. That's good. 21 till noon is 560 WQM. How did you sleep last night? I slept great. You went out thinking of my mouth. How are you airing shit like this? There was no farmer who lives on here. I'm in the middle just taking him. Is that some boys who were down by the prick? They're beating the waters. They're in on their marbles and playthings. And at half past four, their team are young ladies. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulls a perch, and she showed them her ruggles and leaps. And why club beat duck? She said she was learning the new way to bring up her children. So they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you in the air from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the duck. He looked like a man with a snivele for home in the country. Will a big fence out front? If he had to phone like they she showed him her nits of betto, who was subject to fit. And maybe she'd let him wrap hold over small tender and with the movement so quick. And then she'd then over and suck down his candy. So they'd be made of butter, sky. And then he's threatened with cream all over. Could have teach that she had left out on her shelf. If they do so, third, he should go to yourself. And then there's a 25-50 WQM Hank Goldberg. And he's going to rush off for a pass over later. Five, thirty, seven, Jim Manage. The mad dog. Yeah! Don't be picking on Michigan State anymore. They are a bunch of animals you're right. And then seven o'clock we got the pregame path. There's an island there's seven, thirty, nine. Look what I've got now. That is my good post best personal friend, Ray Perry. Just brought into me. I'm just looking. She had them on a pick on a Marlins. Okay, because I know this is your Marlins station even though I have less than no interest. And John Henry, you know, he is what he is. But I just received my tickets, my season tickets for the Florida Marlins for the entire coming season. Which are in section 146, row 13, seats nine and what's the other one? And ten. Great seats. Outstanding seats. But. And my parking pass is too. The purple parking pass to be a good one. But. I'm looking at these tickets. Oh, here it is right here. Got it. My blind or a what? Oh, man. Is it, oh, I see here it is. It's on the ticket. So I'm sorry. Excuse me. I look on the schedule. I don't even see it. Here are nineteen ninety nine opening day. Now, you know, it's the opening day like any team, the first game. Whether it's the Panthers or the Marlins, whatever. The first ticket in the packet when you're season ticket order is always the same. It's like real artsy parts. You like this. That maybe worth something someday. Although it is the Marlins. But I mean, maybe, you know. So here they are. It's Monday April 5, 405 at PP Park in field box. These aren't just your ordinary schleppy seats. Okay. These are great seats because Greg Reed and I are pretty guy named tight. Okay. We actually had a meal together. Never again. But we had a meal together. Now, the fact, you know, it's interesting. I mean, play the month. By the way, PS. This should show you that only when you make your piece with. Oh, God. Would you ever get this award? Remember when Jerry Sarder came in and made his piece with us? And all of the studies are good guys. Good, Brandy's the employee of the month. He's knowledgeable. He loves the base of a good guy. Gary Sarder. We don't dislike him anymore. Well, I don't. No, it's just, it sounds during the break. It's just, I'm terrible at my Gary Sarder. I wouldn't be pee on here. It was very bad. I may have had a point or two, you know. But Jerry and I are pretty tight. And of course, it's interesting. He's done several tours of duty here, meaning he's been canned many, many times. And then he come back with his tail between his legs. We all came back. Nobody else will take it. And we brought him back. I'm glad that he's doing a great job because we need to make all that money we can to pay win. That's right. To pay the ballty. To pay that big, big mortgage that's hung over this entire place. Cause Greg wants to be the sports hot shot. But anyway, here's the opening day tickets and the purple parking pass for the, I want to say, pants is the marlins and the mess. And I'm going to give them away right here on the other day. I know I don't. I'm not going to give away all these tickets. But it's four or five in the afternoon. I know I'm not going. I know John's going to take it off for more to go see a marlins game at four o'clock on a Monday. Nobody. I know he's going to that crap. I mean, that the game. Look at those lines light up all of a sudden. Look at them fill up. Huh? How do you like? Look at that air behind his lid. Oh, now I know what the problem is. We haven't been given crap away on a year. You go to the hockey games. They throw the t-shirts, the pants of a troll. That little blimp is going around, dropping those little stupid things. They give away that are worth a dime. That are worth a price of the paper. That those things are printed on. And everybody's not going to each other out of the balcony. They're screaming. They're shrining. Hey, I want that. Whatever it is, it's free. I want it. We'll do a drawing. Okay. We'll do a drawing. What a clock. This is pretty special. And I think it's pretty good. Damn nice of me. Even though some people around here think I'm a rotten son of a bitch. I happen to be a hell of a nice guy. Okay. Whether they know what or not. And you know, I'll say, we'll treat me right at the Cleveland Clinic. I'd say something nice about them. If they were like, fine, you know, do some stuff. Don't just look at me and say, oh, yeah. Well, we know, yeah, give me a song at a dance. You know, if that's the way you're going to do things, then people are going to talk about it. Okay. That's the way it works in the real world. If you're going to follow through and you're going to be conscientious and you're going to really pay attention what you're doing with people's health, then that's fine. That's great. But if you're just going to leave people hanging out there in the wind and look at them and start prescribing by a visual, whatever you're doing, then I'm sorry that I do not get too excited about. And like I said, as far as, you know, Joe, the little box saying the same thing. We see these Panthers. I don't know. You can only conjecture. But when you see one after another after another, going down and not, you know, coming back anytime soon, you have to start scratching. You had what's going on over there. So, we'll do a drawing on these. Okay, give me a way to somebody to about one o'clock. If they can handle that, you know, if they're not going to start doing this on a regular basis, because the guy was right, giveaways are killer. They killed his show. We have a bunch of people sucking around. Please, please. We're already calling up. What do you mean? What do you give it to? You give those tickets? What do you mean they're already here at calling? I said, we're going to do a drawing. You know, how we're going to do the drawing? Why don't you know, I'm already calling up? I wanted to call up. You have to, you know, they're asking me. You're so filled with hate against Gary Sarner that it's blinding you to the reality of what we're doing today. You're so jealous of Gary Sarner. You were expecting you to again before you see if you wouldn't, if you would have taken the pin and not the money. They all take you to one at this point. Yeah, that's right. Did he get the pin yet? No. Did he get the money yet? No. Did he get the money yet? No. Did he get the money yet? No. Did he get the money yet? No. Oh, probably not. Did he get the money yet? No. No. But they did pay the cable thing. That's it. Oh. Oh. And I'm just speaking in general, not to anybody in particular. I wish to let yourself from the real world and live kind of like a make pretend life. You know, like, oh, no, we don't do these things. And this isn't the way things really happen. And we're very responsible. And we pay everybody on time. And you can do that. You're not full of anybody. But it makes, you know, that old say about you believe you're on bull crap. It was not time. That this morning. There were some people who have led everybody down the garden path so many times and told so many wild tales that after a while they do start believing their own. Prat. Well, I'm going to get more stuff about this about these tickets. They look good two by the way. Not really. Pretty boring. You know, when you kind of the cover, not in fact, they look crappy when you come right down to what, look at that. Look how bland it is. I mean, I want to aggravate John Henry. I guess he's a pretty good guy, but God, the old Marlon. I mean, the panther tickets, those are pretty snazzy looking. They got pictures of different players, the other teams on him and the panther place. They look pretty good. Well, you're upset that we're going to do this. See, I think he started off again. You want to pretty good mood until I mentioned his name to you heard he was getting the employee of the month. None still piss at that cracker who didn't know what he's talking about. Who? What you stopped at your professional human stuff. We got enough professional humans down here already. You say anti-syllatism tends to day. Yeah. Well, aren't you? Yeah. Oh, no, except for the errors. Yeah, right. Well, at least there's circumstances. Yeah, this is boring looking stuff. Yeah, and even the opening day thing, you know, and gray. Everything is like gray or silver. I guess it's silver, you know, which is kind of one of the many, the teal and the silver and whatever, Marlon colors. Pues. Not too exciting. Huh? I guess they wanted to make tickets that kind of like matched into the performance of last year's team. Pretty bland. They'll be better this year though. Almost youngsters in your organization, have you heard that before? That's right. That tide and is done what he? What is that? Chronicles. Chronicle. Chronicle. There's people you don't want to talk to. How do you know that? See, I'm telling you, you're losing. You better get a grip on yourself. He's already got big shoes to fill it on Friday when I'm taking off for good Friday. Team on macaroni and cheese and ham sandwich. I'm going to, I hope my mother's got something good and trace for lunch today. Okay, I hope she won't have anything kosher. Doesn't your mother keep kosher? No, of course not. By the way, guess what we have at lunch every week now since it's great on the, uh, Ackens bacon bacon. Bacon. Oh, yeah. How about bacon on pace on? Oh, what's not sundown yet? It's getting close, but I'm having lunch at 2.30. It's not sundown yet. Do you want to hell if you're bacon on pace off? Yeah. I'll see you there. Love bacon. Here's a mobile and highly. Hello. Yes, good morning. Yes, sir. Well, I was calling in reference to what you were mentioning earlier about the brisket and that gentleman stole my thunder, but he is absolutely correct about the traditional way of eating brisket. That's so really correct, sir. Yeah. It's not anything traditional as far as by Jewish law. It's just depending on what part of the world you come from. And according to this book, I have here is called the Jewish primer and it's written by the Jewish primer. Yeah. You're just keeping in mind to rhymes with rimmer. Okay. Then you're familiar with it by Rabbi Dr. Schmeld, him off the thing. No. No. Okay. Why would I have to be familiar with that book to know how to pronounce PRIMER? Doesn't true. Right. There are many other primers. Sure. When William is a got some good one. There's only two actual foods that are required by Jewish law. On pace off? On pace off. Not so must be one. And the other line is the other one. One? The other one. The other one. I beg your pardon. My roar. What is that? What is that? It's the bitter herb. Oh, the bitter herb. Yes. You can have that either as Romanian lettuce or as horse radish. As horse radish. That's it. Yeah. And that's what you dip inside the paste that is made out of apples, nuts, cinnamon, and wine. If it puts the larsian in the brisket, that would be more appetizing. Uh-huh. Anyway, sounds like a bunch of pretty crappy stuff to me when you're, what does everybody so excited about having a sater for if they're going to be in all this crap? They're going to have partially dip in salted water. They're going to be eaten in malro or whatever that was you just said. It sounds like direct. And the horse radish, which is good on your filter fish, can you get your filter fish on pace off? Yeah. The filter fish. I don't know. The filter fish. That's all fine. Oh, there you go. As long as you got your mozzarella balls and of course, nobody makes it. Right. And as far as the Apapsical Lamb thing was, and says in temple times when the Papsical Lamb was sacrificed, one was also required to partake of the meat of the lamb at the sater table. Yeah. And that started. But as far as everything else, whether it's chicken or brisket or any other types of meat, I'm sure except for it would be just according to the country you came from. All right. I have my, I thought my bacon, I think it's made out of the same horse meat to Georgia's takes. I think that's a good idea. And back to happy E.A. quansus. Happy boxing day. See you around. I know we're getting some good information. And I work in a whole bunch of lines on the abordalut up to because the wait and for those goddamn tickets. See I told you man, we got three loaders. That's all right. I don't care. I'm a great mood. I'm going to tremendous mood. I feel like I've accomplished something today. Another gear. I made Jerry Surner the employer the month. He's a good friend. See I was just saying this to Georgia at any other station now at IOD. We didn't have these silly kind of like employee the month. So it's pretty silly. We had that a taxon because that was like a corporate asslicking place, which is why Pete Bulger is there. Place for corporate asslickers. I didn't I went at once over there for that great book I had in that first book. I've passed in the year and you want to want to show up. Which one embarrassed by? But it's interesting that in a memo that comes out that it would say, I mean, this is from the general manager with his marginal haircut. Beyond all of that, all of these things he is a good friend and a good person. You follow what I'm saying. In other words, I don't think that would be an memo from anybody else in like in a real place of business. He's a good friend. I mean, does that really make a difference? Of course not. That's not what we're here for. You follow you. You're following what I'm saying. It's just it comes back to that fraternal kind of thing. And like these are the people we really like. These are the people we trust. These are the people who like sit around. We all suck each other's appendages. And all the rest of you know, you could learn a lot by others. Okay. But I mean, I just have a philosophy about that. You know, you show up and you go to work every day. Not that you have to start. We'll ride you. Ah. Oh, right. I can't take too much but if you try out my ass. Great on your mouth today. We said, sir, can I bring up? Do me to the can. I can't take too much but I can't take it that much. I had a squirt from all that's struck. And especially, so are the tall. I can't take too much but if you go through me too fast. And bring time on. I can't take too much. Well, that's really a five, six, you know, because I'm so well, I call us this one in 600 copies of four Latterdale magazine. He's spring 1999 issue. And there's an hour. Huh, the first issue. What do you mean by that? Was it a debut issue? Didn't exist though. Well, I got news for after seeing what's in it. I wouldn't count on another one. Do you want to say? I mean, this is really really. I don't want to pee on your fridge. I'll read you. You paid by these people. Oh, yeah. Oh, good. Like I said, it sucks. In fact, let us. I mean, people don't want to see flat chested young chicks in here. Where? There's naked women in here. There are. No, there are not. They're not naked. And even if they were, you still would see like maybe raising that to best. Oh, for ages. Huh? She's got. I've got bigger breast than she's got. Okay. And I'll go back to what's in this magazine. Will you stop? Cooking to death by George Rodriguez. Now, I don't get it. I mean, what is the purpose? This is supposed to be the broder version of like Miami magazine. Maybe Metro should drive. Right. RT, Farsi with some dark, complicated brawl on the cover. That's an ISIS-wide can say in her leopard spot outfit. He's got a pretty nice bracelet right. So here on page eight, you want to rush right out and buy this. It's Naomi Campbell in the cover. And if he can do Jack Campbell or Glenn. So page eight, it says cooking to death by George Rodriguez. Should I read this? No. No. Not really. Come on. No! George wrote a little piece. It's checked clear. They spelled my name right. Yeah. much do they pay for this. How much do they pay for this? Sorry, bucks. For this? For that? Cool. What I'm going to turn it down? No, I didn't say you should turn it down, but they paid you a hundred bucks for this. For like one, two, three, four, five little paragraphs. I perigress like that. Why did they come to you to write something? What was that all about? To get you to talk about it on the air, I'm sure. Okay, it's five minutes past noon at five, 60 WCWM. Let's take a call in Miami, hello. If you press the button, I just want to get off of that thing. Here's Miami, hello. Deal. Did you mention the article in today's local section that I know about brother Paul's return to Miami? No, he's going to the, what is he in the, I'm not sure. Oh, yeah, he's got a cell cemetery plot. Thanks, brother Paul. He's going to leave the brotherhood because the quote, the article he says is, the computers are not in touch with Miami. Yeah. And I want to be in touch with each other, not with Miami. I wonder why he went to New Mexico. Do you think he was one of those exos? Meaning what? You know, they sent him out to New Mexico and now he returned. He might get to New Mexico. I don't know. I'm sure if you call up the arts dice, you say won't tell you. 560, 50, 50, 50, and pound five 60 on the mobile one. I know what he wants to register for those Marlon tickets for opening that. That's a good sign. We don't want to start getting sucked into that freebie thing again. Now, what does it say here? If you don't think that you had to be words, it's just about a pseudo-intellectual crap. Look at how many talentless scumbags one. Oh, that's always the case. It's kind of like, you know, it's a cluster fork is what it is. A little fraternity of people sucking out each other's body parts. Like what I told you about goes on here with the little intercircle as George calls it. Here's a lady in Hollywood, hello. Lady in Hollywood, going once, 17 minutes and 52 seconds he waited. And guess what? She's gone. Thank you sweetheart. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. I know you hate people sucking up to you, but I've been living for years. I love your show and I've always called. Whatever you have to be a good way and I called you all the time. Besides when you have to be a good way, but you don't give me anything in your eyes. I go about me. You think maybe I get to pick it? 560, 560, no sense in brick in our street now. And pound five 60 on the mobile one line. And like I said, we're not, and nobody I'm going to put you on a list. We'll do a drawing at one o'clock. Don't you understand? We're talking to people. It's a talk show. That's what we do. That's why the answer is, sir, is absolutely positive. No. No. No. No. No. And don't you eat too much of your horse rider, your cattle. Kill you. Here's higher lea. Hello. Are you doing new? Okay, sir. You got it. Yes. Speaking. Got two desperate kids here. I have to go to the youth for you. You have some things for me. Well, what did I just say? What did I just get through saying? You see how this destroys my life in this show? You see that? Can you spell on his case? I shouldn't say. Can you speak English because it was kind of debatable? Don't you understand what I just said? Do they understand? No. Do they get it? No. Are they ever going to get it? No. Did he get in the tickets? No. Why did I do this? Do I have any idea? No. Because I'm a schmuck. Because I'm trying to be a nice guy. Because I thought opening day for even if it is just a marlins. Even if there's absolutely less than no interest in the marlins. Even if Wayne destroyed the whole thing before he finally pedaled off to Poor John Henry. Even if it's just tortured and destroyed and dying on the vine. I thought opening day the tickets are bigger than the other grade. Don't look at once and there's a nice parking pass. Do something nice for this crowd for a change. It's the holidays. It's pace off. It's daylight savings time. It's Easter. It's a nail somebody up on a cross time. Whatever time this is. And you can't do it because they just don't know how to play the game. Gordon gets half flada. A major blow job. I'm the next. Where in the world is Carmen San Diego? The kids track down the elusive San Diego to a hero and Saudi Arabia. Where she has been selling teenage girls to a certain as sex waves. Play along as they follow the erotic clues to Carmen's whereabouts. We may be public broadcasting but we know sweets when we see it. Okay. It's up 14. It's 5. It's just the W2M. I hang over for a total of stay 2 to 5. 35. 37. It's the mad dog. Yeah. Jim and it's in the 7 o'clock. The pregame fan there's big big game. I know it's a crappy team. We're planning that's good. We got two against Washington. We got one against Montreal. We're going to get Tampa Bay. This one against the islanders night. There's four games right there. You can't take anything for granted. But there's four games right there that we should damn well win or else. So we got that 7.3 tonight. You know, it was reading over this memo again about Kerry Sarner. I don't want to dwell on this. But I will. And I don't know. I find a contradiction here because it's as jury has done several tours of duty here at W2M is a very devoted employee. And this part I find bizarre because it's as he truly loves and believes in what W2M is all about. And Murray was in here briefly in Monday morning. And I said to him, how things going here? And he said, this station stands for nothing. So, you know, you figure it out. Who's telling the truth again? Here's a mobile and Jupiter. Hello. Mobile and Jupiter. Going once. Okay, they're going in gone. That was good. Like that. Kind of like that. Here's a mobile in the color red. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, do you have that doctor who's slipped the wrong embryo until woman's wound? No. Do you need a room? I need a her uterus. Remember that song? But it was in my wound? Yes. That's the only happen in the soap opera, isn't it? No. From page of the hairlter day. Oh, I didn't see that. Oh, yeah, I did see it. Yeah. There were twins and one was white, one was black and the same. Right. Because the doctor messed up and flipped the next embryo. Hey, I got news for a sir. Doctors. And the whole thing with doctors, man. I just can't deal with it. If a doctor's going to be a doctor, then they owe it to you to do the right thing. And to be a little more thorough, then a lot of these so-called doctors. No one's a doctor Rick Bauer found out that Kevin wasn't his kid. Right. Imagine how that couple fell. I'm not sure. Exactly. Incredible. And then Ross bailed out anyway all together, you know? Yep. And now she's hanging out with the Ben. Another has Ben. Who's pretty soon going to be checked up with Watson, Amy. Whether one lady mafia Puerto Rican lady there in the Springfield. Because on both? What a show. Do you mean the lithium? Okay, hold on. Here's the guy to watch his guiding light. So I'm putting him on the list. Okay, you can't be all bad. And you know what's the great recovery that Matt made on guiding light from Monday to yesterday? Wow. That's nice. So she must be the healing lady. He was out there. He had frostbite. His head was like all the other. He doesn't even have a scar left on his pussy anymore. He was like an inch away from death. She put him under the covers. She hopped in the sack with him and got him a little bit warm. How was she did it? And now all of a sudden he looks like Brandon, which ain't all that good. But nevertheless. That's the way to do it. The van is there. Okay, the QAM van getting there a little early. A little premature evaluation. Greg reads nephew Chris Reed, who's one of the few really, uh, solved it there. How come Chris Reed don't get the only dig at it, didn't he? It took the pin, I think. Didn't he get the award one? They employ the month Chris? A couple months or I think. Because he knew we would take the pin. Because if he doesn't take no, he took the do our books. He'd be out on all those dinners. Meet the nephew Chris Reed with the QAM van that A between right now and 130 at the shell gas station US one in southwest 20 seven of the Avera and coven and roved just look for the QAM van. Which we believe in strongly here the QAM van away. When I saw a serious about the station, we believe in the van. We see free tickets while I'm even if you go buy it. They're got free tickets for you. Just acts for the Marlins Metz game on Tuesday, April 6th. courtesy of H&R Block will be filing taxes for free at the stadium. By the way, and that day. Or get free tickets to the day County fair and expo from the nephew between now and 130. Go out there and they get a bunch of free stuff. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Okay, for these people are patient today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Mobile in full waterdale. Hello. Uncle Nail. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. First of all, you couldn't give me Marlins tickets if you paid me. Yeah, this looks pretty bad for John Henry. I don't want him to feel bad, but I got like just a couple of lines. We're trying to give away opening date tickets with a preferred parking pass. And you went a couple of other people around here. That's it. Yeah. We're doing better than before we gave away to your tickets. That was the better day. Right here on the first day of pace on H&R. I was doing better than giving away Marlins tickets. Not a good old man. Yeah. I got a couple of things for you. I know you've been talking about your phone system. And it's not QAM. I hate to tell you it's Bell Sal. Bell Sal. I'm saying Bell Sal. I keep telling you that. I've been fighting this for years. I know what. I've been trying to get faster internet service hooked up and their my provider. And the right hand doesn't know what the left hand is. All right. That's right. Yeah. Because usually one hand is up there. Back comes. Yeah. That's it. But anyway, I love your show. Have a great day. And thank you so much. Happy boxing. Okay. Happy circus. Happy Shivou is. Don't eat too much parsley. Don't dip your thing in that salty water. Because it'll shrive up. Thought you're fine. Shrivel up. I mean, that would be the end. Gone. Inverted. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty animal. Well, this is a real revelation. Maybe the Shnor is maybe we chased them all away. It would be a big rotation. You never chased them away. It would be like saying we chased the chronic. The cornice is away. How the cornice is deal by the way. They okay. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing to this? Great. I just wanted to know. I enjoy listening to sure. I've been here as I drive around. I'm going to do it my job. Yeah. I'm on. Yes. Hey. I'm also along with the Marlins tickets. We're giving away some free pot too, by the way. Hey, I think I'll borrow them, buddy. Hey, I just want to just know that the Marlins are all field there. It's going to be up for grabs. If Cliff's law, it don't get back in about four weeks. Cliff Lloyd. Ah, he's out with the injury, you know. Oh, geez. I thought he's the only guy that anybody knew one of the things. He said, leave on. Yeah, he got injured near. I don't know. No wonder nobody wants to know that. I guess you don't want to go see that crap, huh? You're a big Marlins find. I still like them in the help room. I want to be on the list, bro. Yeah, I appreciate it. Okay, well, I'll borrow hang on. Okay, put that spot, bro, on the list. Okay, at least we're making a little bit of a list. Okay, I mean, you got to have some names on the list to do a drawing. I mean, you don't want to say it. I don't want it. I don't want you to feel bad, John, because I know he listed the station religiously 24 hours a day, even in your sleep. Here's a guy that says, well, I don't want to see it. I don't want to see it. Just one of those things, you know. But if you're on this show, Mr. you can take it to the bank. It'll probably bounce, but you can take it to the bank. Here's Miami, hello. You got it. Yes, sir. How are you doing sir? Great. Of course. Enjoy it. One thing. I've already talked about the heat today with my gun. 560, 560, Tom 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Kendall, hello. I'm going to you. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. I'm a little guy. Recently diagnosed the type 2 diabetic. Yes. The way I found out was... Were you fat? No. 570, 160 pounds. Fat. I had an heart attack. Yeah. Stress related. And... Stressal curia, well, I've taken it this place. Wow. Yeah, then I had bypassers. Right, my teeth. That was leaving the hospital. They said, you're diabetic. And apparently, most guys... Well, 570, 150 pounds is not underway. That's the overweight. Well, maybe by 10 pounds? No, no. Listen, I'm 599 and my ideal weight should be 150 to 160. So you're like many pounds overweight. Well, they tell me about 150. No. Really? So where should I be? I don't know. Maybe in the hospital. I don't know. Okay. My main question, I guess, is I'm doing everything I can. And probably not enough at all to keep the sugar down. What are you doing to get 70 some odd numbers? 73 this morning, by the way. Blood sugar. 73 this morning, boys in the world. How do you? Fleet Lee cut out carbs? Yes. Well, no, of course not. You can't. But I had some... What I have some of this broccoli, I'll grotten. You know, you get in the freezer bag. I had a little bit of that. I had a little pickled dill pickle. Right. But I cut most of it out. Maybe a nice small salad, very small. Would I really low carb dressing? I was talking about the other day. Right. Are you taking any glyberide or anything? Not anymore. I was for a long time. I was taking too much. Really? And is that what was messing you up the glyberide? No, I'm just telling you. It's not good for you. It's not intended to take that for the rest of your life unless you have to. If you can bring your sugar down by dietary, that's the way you want to do it. You don't want to be taking pills the rest of your life. Is there some kind of natural supplement you're doing? Or just the... No. Just cut the carbs down. Just cut the carbs. It's the acorns, man. It cuts the gits your blood sugar down like it's a miracle. Well, I shall try and follow the end. Well, what is your sugar? You take your own sugar now? Yeah, my morning sugar is like 104. So what's wrong with that? Well, sometimes it's 130. It all depends on the end. What's wrong with 130? Well, you're taking a line-assurde, go on. I'm glad you're right at night. Right. Yeah, that's it. Well, you're doing pretty good. But I mean, if you want to get rid of the pills, just try what I'm telling you. Cut those carbs away down. See how it works. I'll do it. Good luck, pal. Thanks, no. Okay. See there's a guy who's liking charge. You got to take charge because, like I said, see the idea of liquidish mere medicine. I'm not in a figure of that. You know what I mean by that? Look at a liquidish mere device. Superficial. We look at you. Oh, here's what we think. Go take some blood. Okay. Next. That's not my idea of medical care. I'm very sorry. Oh, I'm not sorry. Because it's our lives. We're talking about here. I was watching something this morning on TV. They had some PSA on there about get a screen test for this. Whatever it was. And I'm thinking of myself, when do you do that? Why do we, you know what they call a physical look? They call a physical exam. A complete physical exam of the doctor's. You know what that is? You go once a year. The European a cup. They take your blood. They stick their finger in your act. And that's it. They listen to your heart for 10 seconds. That's it. You know, after you get to a certain age, why isn't it once a year that you go like take a whole day? Take a day off of work. It should be an excuse day for work for your health. That makes sense to me. Makes more sense than eating moths. You take a day off or like a putnashes on your head on ass when they. It makes sense. That's what I'm doing on Friday. I'm doing it for my health guy, damn it. And you go and you spend the whole day and they take. They check, you know, they give the color rectal test and they check you for your You're, they check your your all the stuff, all of these things. Instead of this kind of hitting this deal, you know. And then they really give you the a thorough going over is supposed to like, you know, five minute. And I'm guarantee I bet you're almost everybody in this audience would agree with me. When you go to the doctor, most of you will wait longer in the waiting room than the time You'll spend with the doctor. And I'm not talking about the time you spend sitting in the room when the nurse goes in there and ask you a bunch of little questions and she takes your blood pressure and it'll He'll be right with you. I'm not talking about that time. I'm talking about the amount of time that he actually spends with you. I promise you you'll spend a hell of a lot more time sitting in the waiting room with a bunch of 200 year old dying people than you will in with the doctor. And that's pathetic. Look in a Schumer medicine. That's what medical care in America is all about and that's why we're dying over here. Right from fat and all these other things. What am I getting worked up about? It's just the truth. What I just said, man, it's right on target. Here's a mobile. Hello. A new mobile in somewhere. Yes, sir. How are you today? Great. Let's say you talk about waiting for a doctor's appointment. I went to a dental office in the Baptist hospital to get a group now. Yeah. It takes several visits. One visit they made me wait an hour. On another one they made me wait half an hour. On my third visit the appointment was at 7 o'clock in the morning. I get there at 7-10 because parking is a nightmare. They cancel the appointment. They say they can't see me. They said, what? Well, why is that? Well, because they assume it would take so much time to do the work on me. So I was late ten minutes. I would set them off their schedule. So I'm like, well, wait a minute. You've made me wait before. How come now? You can't work. Oh, no. Don't work that way, man. This is called kid for a tattoo or something like that. And you find that a job? What I ended up doing was refusing to pay my co-payment. Right. I said, well, if you make me wait, I'm not going to pay it. It's $3. So they just laughed at me. That no problem. They couldn't care less. Anyway, the last thing I want to ask you about, you know when these sports knets call in and say, oh, long time listener, first time caller. Yeah. Why would they ask a question and then say, I'm going to hang up and listen instead of interacting with the host. Because they came interact. Unbelievable. I mean, that's what I enjoy about your show. You interact with some people, some people are ready at some are funny. Right. But I always wonder what's the big deal about hanging up. Because they're not, they're not capable of this fight out of verbal intercourse. They're not the capable of doing it. Well, you're doing a great job. Yes, I am. God bless you, sir. I don't go to that place. I don't go to that place again. Okay, that was the place where I had mono years ago. And they had all the Schmutzhanger coming out of the vents right above my hospital bed. I don't want to mention Baptist Hospital. Oh, it's been good. All these people crazy. I'm just telling it exactly the way it is. Okay. If there's a penalty for telling the truth, then I'm a bad guy. But that's the way it was. And that's the way it is. And until my chiropractor came in and told him to do the mono spot test, they didn't bother checking for that. Oh, you got some kind of liver disease. Yeah, right. How many years ago was that about 200 years ago? You know, medical care. That term in America. That's a that's a oxymoron. A American medical care. That's an oxymoron. Well, what's the with your got from a spoko? Tonight, on modeling levels, they were the pioneers of a lifestyle that do this day. It's enjoyed and men's rooms everywhere. I think it was back in 22. Me and a boys drilled a virus tall and well, well, say well, we're having dreadful back then. Take a deep into the secrets of society of men who first developed the glory hold to today's high tech adventurers. I'm told that now they're using laser source. Modern levels, glory holds tonight are the historical channel. Oh, speaking of, oh, see the story chief blast video mistake about that. I was telling this morning about in lighthouse point where they brought in that video tape. Some some clown brought it into the station. A pornographic video was brought to the police station by police detective who thought it would be cute to say, I tell his police buddies with a training tape and a turn out to be a beast yelling tape of woman having sex with a dog. Well, anyway, goes on and on about how accidentally it was put into a tape put the tape into a video cassette recorder at the February 13 session of boding monthly boding safety class. And was seen by a bunch of kids, a little bit of it, little piece about that big. And the story goes on detective Rick Anderson who got to take from an officer another law enforcement agency received 12 days suspension officer Jeffrey Priego. Who shares the desk with the two other officers of us suspended for six days of the other officers who watched the take commander Michael Oh, oh, Michael, oh, was suspended for five days in detective LNF for three days. And it goes on to say commander, oh, because of his position, he should have assumed the responsibility is punishment will be worse of here than officers because of his position, which may have been prone commander. Do it again. 560, 560, pond 560 on a mobile one line. The nephews out there with a QAM van at the Shell Station US one in southwest 27th Avenue. Three tickets for the Marlins in Mets 2, April 6th and three tickets to the county fair and exposition. And we're not doing too good with these Marlins tickets for opening day and a parking pass. This comes, what did I tell you? Every time we have one of those exhibition games on I say, is there any interest? And there isn't. 560, 0560, you want to get on that list? Thank you. And pond 560 on a mobile one line. They don't care. You got only, what, two people on a list? Three. So sure, list man. Here's a mobile in coconut creek, hello. Hey, hey, do you want to tell me? I do, sir. Great, listen, one time, listen, first time call. I don't call because I want to say like most of the cities they call up. I'm going to say in general. But before I go into Doris Mark, I got a good, decent shop and I'm calling it. My name on the list gets tickets for my wife's cousin. He loves the Marlins and he's a great player in self. And you do an a great job. Love you, show. You've been nice for dozens since you've shown this in a minute. And you bring an amazing insight into what the area here. So keep up the good work. Okay, hold on. Hold on. You didn't have anything, but hold on. I must be in a really good mood. Maybe because it's a pace of, okay? Yeah, that, that, that, that. Yeah, not for the sucking, but put them in. I'm not for the sucking, but put them in a list. Open line in somewhere, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile online line. It's ringing a lot today. Oh, I was, see that. They find they got around to start to get this thing fixed. Maybe we're starting to make some recovery in here. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Going once, they're long gone. Okay. Had a lot of those today. Here's the, the cable. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, hi, you're doing. Hi, you're doing. It's, uh, how you been? Okay, I'm in Carl Gables. Well, I'm your, I'm your, the incident. Uh, first time second time, I'm real. The valve cap looked, long time nearly. Yes, sir. And the valve cap looked? Yeah. Uh, kind of a contradiction, but anyway, you got me interested in those opening day tickets too. Yeah. I also look forward to my days off, second listen to you. Uh, yeah. Uh, yeah. That's all. What, what did me, I got you interested in, and what does that mean? I'd like to go, or at least be on the list. No. Okay, 560, 750, 550, pound 560 on the mobile one line. He didn't sound sincere, you know, sounded insincere to me. And especially, you don't want to be going this close to Easter Sunday. I mean, it's Monday. Oh, yeah, today after Easter Sunday, you want to be doing that if you're devout. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Can you? Yes, sir. What's the biggest smoke job going out of Miami right now? Probably down at Nix. No, the biggest smoke job is the penny tax. It's what that means. So I haven't got any idea. I mean, what you're talking about. They're raising the tax on in Miami, they call it the penny tax. What? What? Well, they can deal with Miami's circles, so they can all do a circle job. And Miami's circle over. I don't know anything about it. Hey, Neil, the thing is they don't tell you what is it means that from six and a half percent sales tax, you come up to seven and a half percent. You know, that's why I live in Broward. Well, and what that means for Broward, which I live in Broward, it's probably going to go up one percent to seven percent. And that means that I thought you just said it was in Miami. Well, if they come in a half percent in Bade, they won't keep it at six percent in Broward because everybody's got a bottom by them. And that means that your Corbets can accustom in your $500. No, it's not. An extra one percent. I already bought it. Well, next time. More than the old one. Next time. I'm not an antfucker, whatever. Can I get on the list? Yes. He's answering his own questions. Well, I'm doing your machine. You talk about ASSUCKer. I mean, that was embarrassing. I mean, these tickets that they worth that much to that you would do. I guess the answer is obvious. Okay, hold on. I feel sorry for you, but hold on. Okay. Why? I mean, was there any logic in what he just said? No. I mean, if the neighboring county wants to jack up, but would you have a red anything about it? Because that won't care about stuff like that, especially in date. You know, you pour baskets of living dates. I feel sorry for you. But I mean, it would just make sense. Then, bro, we're keeping the way. It's a, hey, come on up and shop here. Say, well, you know, a penny on like like people are like, I mean, you spend 20 bucks on gas and tolls and stuff. But come on down. We got plenty of people up here and bro, I don't speak English. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Our list is growing. I'm never doing this again. By the way, you're right. I'm right. You're right. What? What do you get in all of the day? You're really, I don't know what it was. I'm really hungry. Well, two back to my momies today. I'm not eating. I'm not eating. You know, my mom will have someone at my side. You talk to Jeff Cohen, by the way, talk to Bonitaille. What? All arranged. Oh, my God. I've got to come into moral. I got to look forward to. I'm coming for that monster, Pete and Masala Zanya, which is not on the acumen, but it's, the number last time I had that, it didn't very little of my blood sugar. I don't know what that is. Migration, the leftening of the bread that is the bad stuff. Where am I going? Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Mobile implantation. Yes, sir. No, no. Are you in your naples? I put my finger on the wrong button. I'm having a little problem with it. Yeah. Mental problem. Leavening in naples. Oh. Yes. The bad ADF devout. Yes. Got to go to the satir tonight with the 10 people. Are you going to be wearing a Yashmata on your head? No. Oh, good. Tricking very heavily. Just to prepare for the next one. I mean, this is just like, sir. Just a bunch of silly stuff, yeah. silly stuff, offie combing all this stuff. It's just, it's, it's, um, it's a crap. Okay, well listen, have a good time. 21-21 is fine. And happy surface. 21-21 is 5-60 WQAM. Holy makin' on. This is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. If you're a kid, you'd be at a loss of premises. You know that the forces going to strings in the government are closing down and all those great websites. We've become a cousin, too. Well, we still have the US Postal Service to rely on. So now is the time to join the Nazi of the month for. Would you think that in out of month, you get the complete mystery of one prominent Nazi pastor president, the particular group, P.H. and any subversive activity they may be planning. So no matter what the rights were written or ethnic group, you hate. Not the as a month is right up your alley. Just call from 800, 10-head to order. Order today and get your very own synthetic alphanthas to impress your friends. Absolutely free. That's 1-800, 10-head order today. Yeah, we can give away a date with Josh Friedman. Have more interest in, we're getting on these volunteers. I mean, I thought I haven't any problem with that. We got plenty of people on the phone. But I just don't see too much interest. Anybody want the Marlon stuff? Well, I give it to you. How are we doing out there with an FU by the way? We're here anything from them and it must be busy out of the shell station. US at 27 and US one and Southwest 27. They must be busy. They got three date county fair tickets and Marlon tickets. Marlon's in mess for our next two day to six. Curtis, you're at our block. We'll be filing our filling out taxes for your free at the stadium on that day. Great facts, by the way. Once in a while, we get a good facts. Once in a while, we get crappy facts. It's really dumb. But here's a really good facts. Mike says, The medical care in the US is the lowest quality in the entire first world. Anyone who's been to Europe knows how pathetic our doctors and hospitals are here. While I was touring Europe last year, I friend of mine painted in Austria. Oh, he was taking the hospital. Give it overnight care and MRI. A doctor's exam and a prescription. When he was released, I naturally took out my checkbook and the nurse said it was unnecessary. And we could just walk out and enjoy the rest of our vacation. I've given up hope on try to find a decent doctor here says, Mike. The one I have is a joke. I've seen him less than JD Salon's a racist. I just have to monitor my health on my own and try my best. Says Mike. Great facts, Mike. We got licanish mirror medicine down here at Zoplode. That's the way most of them practice. Look in a smear. You're in your out. Here, take this foot down there to the lab and let them poke your arm around to get a big black and blue mark on it. The size of Venus, the size of Uranus, Chris. And getting swarmed. Good. There you go. We got some people listening out there. How do you like that? Maybe we're not like the best like people in this building. Maybe we don't want to be schmoozing around hanging around with a boss. When I came to work here, was it written in my contract that I got to be a personal friend with a boss? No. No. That got to be an asslicker. No. I've got to be part of some little fraternity of people. Most of whom I don't even like in there. No. Down the hall, which I don't want to mention. No names like the water and I see. I don't know if you're okay. It's mood you. I don't know. I hate her. I just want to see her. Okay. Great. There you go. And I'll pick any more water. Brick. Yeah. There we have no water now. I mean, you know, that's fine. It can hang around and schmoozing like grab asslicker. We don't care. We're here to do a job. We got 50 billion people listening out there. Okay. When Neil's on a radio, everybody in town knows what's going on. Nobody knows what he had for breakfast today before. And I need to need breakfast. I like that. Nice going. If you see what I tell you, Chris Reed, there's how he got involved in that family. I have no idea because he's a good guy. I mean, not that Craig, Craig is not like I said. I said it right on target. He's not a bad guy. He's just, uh, what he is, you know, I got what a bad haircut. Who can't get a cut like by somebody expensive because you don't get that much on allowance today, you know. You can't go, well, no, you can't go to like, you know, real hairy. You know what I'm talking, so like 20 bucks for real good haircut. Minimum. And tip. That's why I remember don't get his hair cut. All three of them. You know, when we all speak of that weight tonight, tell you this. So, well, I got to be careful how I do this till I'm sure I got my tickets for the hockey game. I'm sorry, please, game into Panthers. We come Saturday in Toronto at the Miller Canada Center. I'm not going to say it. I wait till I get back from that. But how cheap he really is. You know, I mean, he did buy dinner. You know, the monster out of the wall and the roots Chris, about to go pretty expensive. He wouldn't let me see the check though. I think it really set on the check with our compliments have a nice life Mr. Remember, I probably set it up ahead of time because they brought him the check. Which they never do that. Never do that. So it was all set up ahead of time. But he's getting me tickets so I can go see the Maple Leafs and the Panthers in the Canada Center. We from center to it. It'll be a big game for both teams. By the way, I'll be going. Go leave, go. That's what I'll be going. Unless, of course, police are already locked up a, whatever playoff Sloth they're going to be in and the Panthers need it for you to get in. Then I might, I'll still be going to leave. I'll still be doing that. I don't want to get to leave. So remember says to me on a phone last night, he says, I'll have to meet the downtown. We'll have to go to the pickle barrel, which is it, it's a deli. It's not all that great. It's just, I don't know, when you do, I should go to the pickle barrel and Toronto. I'll have to meet there for lunch. I said, hey, that sounds like a guy. He says, who's buying first thing he says, who's buying? And I kind of like sniggered at his comment. He said, oh, well, I'm all set for two years now. Are you following what we're saying? In other words, that was the me of the one he bought the other night. Ruth Chris, that was his, that was the one for two years. Now, I don't want to play a bunch of boss with Rimmer, you know. But if he wants to, if he wants to play a fast and also my pocket, book with my money, even if it's only Canadian currency, which I'm with a crap. I'll have to be starting showing this thing, this brochure he made up about a certain somebody used to play hockey. Huh? You see that? I don't want to describe it too graphic me on the ear because he doesn't have to work with the guy and make a living, you know. But boy. Ha ha ha ha. Man. Ha ha. What would he say? If I started passing that dancing around and people saw that Rimmer was the one to make that up. I feel really, really sick. Well, watch it, Rimmer. Okay. I think you're buying. I'm going to have everything on a menu and then some. That's a pickle barrel. Here's a, what is it? Oh, a van report in the Grove, hello? Hang on, Neil. Yes sir. Well, a couple things. First of all, you know, I don't know. You always make comments about your sales department or lack there of. And I show the, I hope that they have something in the, in the van besides baseball tickets and grand there's a million people that want to see the model's game. But I wouldn't put the baseball tickets on my snake cage. I just, I have no interest. I want to get some Neil, some Neil paraphernalia. Like what? Well, anything. I don't know what, you know, if I was your sales, I used to do promotions for, for concerts and shows that I used to do. I could make a million off of promoting you in selling t-shirts and buttons and things. People are seeing you. People are seeing you. Your sentence buttons are you, I don't, I don't even think that's where the reality. This is the measly read people sir. This is AM. We don't do a buttons and t-shirts. There are hard things they can end up, I know you, and I know you, and I know you next year are going to be saying bumper stickers. Wow. I know it's bloody revolutionary. And I know this has been a problem over the years with, with your, your sales halls, etc. That was my, that's not a sales whole thing. That has to do with the, with the management. With our promotions people, with our promotions. Well, with the cheap management, with the way that they run this place, they give us no promotion. None. And of course, they, with a, where are you down? It's just like I'm supposed to be getting this outside promotion billboards and TV, which is in my contract. But I just gave up on that because I saw what they did last year, which did me more harm than good. That made us all look like I went to fools. So I figured, okay, let them save the money. Maybe they'll go on and buy some bumper stickers stuff you're talking about. Are they doing it? No. Well, I, they went on and bought, I think, about eight t-shirts and they buried them in somebody's room closet somewhere for a rainy day. That's my first complaint. You should give them a whole bunch of dresses and pumps and a big sash. This is mismanagement. Right. Anyway, the second, well, they're a Sam our promotions, man. I sure hope he's here and what'd you say in the trash bag on how they would like to have some paraphernalia out there when it go to the van. We know the, the promote this video station, which we don't have. I've been money on it. T-shirt and second. I've got a, I've got a, I've got a, I've got a promotional budget, but San uses the budget to wine and Dying young ladies at the box up there in your windows, so we can get laid a few times away. Right. That's okay, but she're a little bit out of me in the young ladies here to share the promotional budget. Just a few. A George wants him to share. Another complaint. Here, that crystal. Go ahead, sir. The other complaint was the driver of the van. Yeah. You know, he pulled up in the van and I walked into the first side of the van. And the windows weren't open, right? Yeah. So I mean, it didn't work. There was any going on. So then he finally, it was like I was doing a drug deal. I came all the time. I was looking some good stuff in the van. What are you expecting? No, I wouldn't know. The station is here in Little Jamaica. We have some good contact here. And Chris is driving the QM van around town without getting a little, you know, Mellow. He didn't have a little bit of knowledge. No, no, no, no. You're grabbing all everything they can get in the sights. He's got a Mellow out a little bit before he starts getting into that. You got the personality of the smooth flat rock. Oh, Chris. The guy driving the van. Because that he's Gregory's nephew. Don't blame him for that. He can't help but to his jeans. Well, he can't help but that he's a boring guy. He's a good guy. He, he, I've said hello. I said, you know, I've called the show for years and and. I don't appreciate. Let's go. I've never went. The only reason that he's doing this is because Sam listen, send a promotions guy is sitting on his ass and it was George right now as I speak. He sends Chris around like it like an underling. He, you know, here, go here. Go here to go there and do this and Sam, see, oh, look at this. We're doing all the scripts up while Sam is sitting here on his ass. Waiting for phone calls from these young demos or waiting to find out which game they're going to go to and what guy box they're going to be in and who's box is going to be, you know, what whatever's going on. You know, we'll slip it off and drag queen out your your saleshold and your promotions directors are idiots. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the bullet. No. Okay. There's a guy who went down the van and he's pissed off. How do you like that? Well, we got a mob scene down there. That's good to hear. Nice to know somebody out there. Let's think even on pace off. We got a few going out there. See, even a Graham or Snow is all these stereotypes about us. Do you as being cheap? I got news man. We're not even the same league with a French Canadian and some of those other Canadians to as much as I like my Anglo-File Canadians. Well, you guys mostly are pretty damn tight. I know that that Canadian money that loony and two and eight worth too much. But Jesus, that's only recently. Even back. I can remember I'm old enough to remember when the Canadian dollar was worth more. Quite a bit more than the American dollar. How do you like that? That's old. So what the other would just accomplish there, huh? See, instead of all this schmoozing and all this apostering and all of this balloony and all these silly awards and all this ass sucking and Gary Sarners, a wonderful guy and this one is great and we hate you, you're a beggar. How about getting down a business? Give us some stuff to really go out there. We could do a 20-year, okay? Here's a radio station with no competition, baby. I would wish the competition we got in this town on Hitler. Yeah. Yeah. Stop. Right. God damn it. And I still say, if you want licorice and a schmoozing medical treatment, I can tell you where to go. Here's Miami. Hello. You know. Yes, sir. I want to ask you, do you think the Panthers' minimum statement got bury? Now what kind of a thing? They made a mistake when they got him? Yeah, he's been injured. I was saying, had a crystal ball and we've played every game last year. He played every game. He didn't miss one game last season for him. I mean, this could be the same thing that happened with the Marlin, who got Sheffield. They could be similar to me. It could be injured or I wouldn't get here. I want to see after the jury sheffield. I'm saying it could be a similar thing. They could change it every year when he gets here. Let me see it again. He played every year. You're listening to me. He played every game for Vancouver last year. He's the most exciting player in any sport in the world, okay? And anybody that would call up a show in seriously say, did we make a mistake in getting Palm Elbury? There's a classic example right there of why the sports calls on this radio station are so goddamn bad. Not all of them. Just most of them. What these people in this town know about sports, not just hockey, you pick this sport, whether it's most picking football, skinny, dim then whatever sport you want to pick up, you could stick it in a fimble and have room for the guy then Soviet army left over. And right, no Soviet and no more. How do you like that? That's right. Yeah, we made a bad mistake. We should have probably got somebody really good like, you know, I can't even think of anybody that you would understand. Like, we should have our Joe Serrulli back to play defense. There you go. Let's hear it again. Come on. Let's hear that gerryglitter thing. I'm so goddamn wound up with these people in this town. Here we go. Let's hear it again. That's all I know. Free teacher. Free stuff shopping for that little blip. Push something to the balcony. Get to that thing. Get to that free chopstick. Here we go. Free me. Come on. Let's get a lift up and we're friendly for free. Oh. This is my favorite. Give me a pile. Just a little bit of power. No. Oh. God is this pathetic. This right here is what's wrong with America. Whose British home, where you see the bread, they're getting more than together. That's right. Now. Right there. Come on. Here we go. Let's hear it. Come on. Here we go. What's up, I'm two two out of here. Hi, babe. Oh. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. I had an offer but still not the kind of surprise. I know. I know. I'm surprised. I don't remember. Name. Because I'm just eating her but still but. But. I'm just eating her but still but. But. They must be man to come down. Come in a cycle of Arizona. The left one is like a beating. I love her. I'm coming up with the next. I do not. You. I do not. Her. I do not. Bigger. And rice. Everybody. Everybody. I'm hungry. The bike. Everybody. My. My. Everybody. You. Good. And. Everybody. I do not. Everybody. Everybody. Bigger. Everybody. Everybody. Everybody. Everybody. Everybody. Everybody. Do. Yeah. One or three at five sixty wqm. So we're going to do the drawing here in a second for the Marlon opening date. My personal tickets with my parking pass very nice of you Neil. Thank you. You're welcome. And also the qm fan has gone a spectacular turn out over there. They wanted to free stuff. They showed up. There were 75 million people there and backed up all the way to Jacksonville. So then a few took off after you gave away everything we had to give away. And we had to do the same thing with the world. But they. They got so much. Even Sidney Miami porkers. They love me. They're special to all our. Friends out there. They love the show all the porkers. The good ones. What? George says. Yes, both of them. That was nice. No, I said this show. I know when you stop when you were a God. You're just tense. You need you need that to my card. But you're not sure in mind. I'll say that. Qm invited a join. you know how much I love golf. I won't be there. But you ought to be. Junior Retreatment helps our young people value education. Understand business and economics and be workforce ready. You can purchase a force and more single entry to play Thursday, April 8th and Durel. For more information call 305-534-1388-1388. That's the next Thursday. Okay, great work. And I'll all kind of go to the here. Here's the drawing. This is the, uh, come on. Sit up there. Here's the worst drawing ever. I had my life. There's only five of us slips in here. Huh? How do you like that? Even an Andrew Kinenens bedroom. They found more slips than that. So what do I do this? I'm just pushing them around at the bottom of this year. I'm going to pay a soft by the way. Oh, and I'm picking out a number here. Oh, and George tells me by the way that you ladies out there. He has the same old crap. I've always told you the way it is. Free loading ladies. That's what we have this audience. They won't talk to me. But eight million people go, can I have them? I can't be able to see tickets. And of course, if they don't want to speak to me, the answer is no. Or just click number three. Trace. I bet it's all. Oh, I see hits a set up. Now I'm looking at these slips. They're all number three. No, they're not. I'll vert though. You want to take it. I remember who the hell I was. So I'll vert the rest of tickets. So I like the cracker. But he was a stick. Well, you don't care where we don't check ethnic background, penis size, breast size, finger nail, shoe size. I'm delighted that Alberto and his buddy or buddies or whoever's going to be there with him. Boyfriend, girlfriend, wife, all of you, Bob. Kids. To be enjoying opening day. Come on. Let's go out to the ball game. Let's support the Marlins. Okay. Take me. And where's the regular seating schedule, by the way? Did anybody ever tell us is that thing ironed out yet? Do we really know for sure? No. That we're carrying the Marlin games. I have a feed. I don't know. Did anybody bother telling us about the regular season? No. It's very jackass given us any heads up on that thumbs up. Is that? No. Five to see now we're down like, you know, if you call us, now that we give the tickets away. Five, and I would go back to doing the real show. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami is gone after waiting 38 minutes because they wanted to be on a list. Jackass. Here's a plantation. Hello. Plantation. There's another one. You better meet chickpeas because they're not waiting for me. Now these aren't people about to talk to me. These are all Marlins. It's time for like 36 minutes. They're going to get free tickets. The second that gives the tickets away. They're gone. Thank you guys. Thank you so very much for setting your very best. Not. Here's a lady in North Miami Beach, hello. Hey, how you doing today? Great. I, I was a lady that actually wants to speak to me, maybe. There you go. No, I have a question. What exactly does kosher mean when it, you know, how is that food different from the rest of the day? That means that the rabbi blessed it. He took a, he took the like a big slab of meat. He took the meat in my roof. I thought, I'm not. And then it's okay. Now your kosher next. What happened to the non-juice from of it? No, then you become Jewish. Then you start waking up three in a morning with the Jones in for Delhi, waiting for a post-traumys sandwich to come to your place. It's right. You know, if the food tastes so bad, you think that they would make the packaging, you know, more interesting, you know, brighter colors. What, what taste so bad? Well, you know, we say about, you know, what, how the, the cracker bread or whatever the hell. Oh, mom. Yeah, what it, no, it's stuff tastes so bad. No, they don't have to be honest. They don't have to make the packages look better. Because it's a guaranteed sell. You see what I'm saying? The kosher sent to them wasting money on fancy packages because all of these sheep out. They're running to buy their mannersheavets, monsters or whatever bread it is. And they don't have a choice. You know, for whatever reason that they feel the compelled to do this silly stuff year after year, they just keep doing it. Right. Right. Well, you know, I'm kind of pissed that you had this drawing for the tickets ready because I'm the only woman who was, you know, asked that we actually, well, better like next time. Sweetheart. And besides why would it have been funny for me to go to this because I was the girl that was on the front page of the Harold one they wanted to see. I'm a series. I sent George the picture. Yeah. Well, so in other words, you already been there. So I have a nice day. There you go. That's good. Thank you, sweetheart. Goodbye. 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. I don't go to funeral. It's by the way, Corey. I just thought I would mention that. I don't want you to feel bad about that. I don't feel bad. I just don't go to funeral. It's very depressing. I work here. So I don't need to be depressed. What? What do you see? What? What? What do you see? What? What? What do you see? What? What? What do you see? It's pussy. You just take the Scott. Say we share with everybody. We share our water. We share our Scott's tape. That's it by the way. Don't ask for anything. And our food. We like to feed the troops. For these. You're right. They are really terrified these bastards. I mean, you need a good guy. You look pretty good, by the way. I just now see. I just say that just because now all geez. Kneel's got the hot for Corey. No, I don't. But he ain't bad. Here's a dear field of beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to talk to you now. Speaking. Yeah. Hey, this is Gary from your field beach. Yes, Gary. Hey, listen. I just wanted to try and with a ticket. I don't want to talk to you. You jack off. Okay. Five six seven over five and he wasn't even on there before I. How do you like that? Five six seven over five sixty and five sixty. But thanks for listening to the ringer. I'm your show on WQM. Gary. You know what they say about Gary all over his town. He's an asshole. I'm in a chapter one and five sixty QA. I'm Hollywood. So this is what you get when the guy's holding on there and he's got no other idea of anything else to say. Thanks for sharing all your material with us. Gary. I'm banging in the butt honey. This portion of our show is brought to you by Boo Blue. A little video on each city and we're talking of 40 WD and they all knew calm bomb because love and loneliness go hand in hand. Remember the name of the world. Oh, now back to our show. It used to be high. Back in the good old days before the old part came and all of a sudden they told us to say, oh, this town was once alive. They even had spring break. There were things to do all night in drower than this day. But the old part walking dead at the power to relax. But broken wheels. Oh, just got off the boat. So I heard Neil Rogers cry. This is the day that's all I got me down. There's so many energy. Everyone who's on their day to spend are the words of one of those days. Oh, just smile. Can you believe there was a high distance? No. You had to feed those and how it is, Dale. Try to organize this cross. But the accelerants have failed. With the brain that changes down and tore the box up down. They just fell over the plate. It's the big shot down. I'm dying on the hair. I'm dying on the hair. I'm dying on the hair. I'm trying to play to kill this but still serving have no room in it with acidity. I've heard Neil Rogers cry. Oh, I'm trying to play on the hair. What is that? Is that a thing? Where is that? That was a unique college. I heard it like a fist fight. That's right. That's why they want Russia to send you the Flavio weapon in the US. It's a good idea. We don't want the IMF taking back those wounds. You said, okay, it's possible. Five six seven five six the pound five six the 18 T. That was pretty damn exciting five minutes for over acting. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. They're all forkers. Oh, fuckers. I'm looking for this show. That's right. They love this show. We love you. Show. It's been a very time while you're waiting behind those bushes with that radar gunman. Excellent. Got a kill time. I'm absolutely. Love what you got to say. All right. Thanks a lot. See, porkers love this show. Baby, ever I go. They give me the thumbs up. Or maybe it's another finger I get confused. You know, as you get older, your eyesight kind of, yeah, it's confused. They're giving me something or anyway. They love this show. Except for the plantation chief of police who hates me like poison. Oh, yeah, I forgot to mention that by the way. That's all going to go down next week. All that stuff. I heard, oh, not only that. Oh, but how can I forget these important things? All that scandal about that old white hair detective over there in the beach years ago. Did I got the entire story, the inside story on? Does the name Bill Pratt ring about also by the way? DJ? Oh, I got some real hot to juicy stuff. 567.0560 and pound five 60 on the 18 T. Why does line? I mean, how much do you need to pay somebody off to set somebody up? You know what I'm talking about? I think somebody you do. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Okay, and I stock at the YouTube free loader. Here's a mobile and baby. Hello. Okay. So before I get into my Chris Moore question, you mentioned a book about diabetes. Yeah. Then you get the headache. My girlfriend's a diabetic. I believe she's a type one. She's had a few as a child. Yeah. Seven years of age. Would that book be appropriate for her to read? Yes, for both type one and to diabetes solution. Dr. Richard Bernstein. Dr. Richard Bernstein. Okay. Who is by the way? He's a type one. Anyway, himself. Okay. Holdersy. You know? He's probably in the 60s now, 50s 60s. And that was a diabetic diabetes solution. Diabetes solution. Okay. And the Chris Moore question was, I don't know if I was hallucinating or not when I heard this. More on. Yeah. Is this his last year? Is the Panthers? Oh, I don't know. I mean, evidently, they've offered him a talk show on ESPN in lieu of doing this. And on ESPN radio. Right. I was listening to Ed. Ed. Ed. Ed. Ed. Ed. Yeah. On the way home from a girlfriend's last night in the end. Was he given the odds on whether they're ready or not? Yeah. That was a great number. Christina walked in from doing 7 to 11 on ESPN radio. And he's already on there. He just, uh, he said he had to run back into the other control room, I guess, or whatever it's called the other studio. To finish up because there's around 1045 or so. And I guess he was on break and he had to run in and finish up. And I was just wondering if, you know, I'm praying that this can mean the end. Oh, it might be great. And then when it'd be great, the oldies took over. We weren't in here on the morning showing more. Oh, you still here. Oh, he's, you're forgetting he's got the naked pictures. He'll be on there forever. Oh, that little galbing. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Good luck to us, pal. Yeah, Christina Moore. Wouldn't have been great when have a party. There you go again. Being a party, Pupur. Not can Christina Moore. Okay. Chris Moore is the best talking answer. I ever heard my life. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5. See, keep in mind. Okay. This is the same guy our boss that wanted to pay war in chromardi. Same guy we have no bumper stickers. We have no promotional materials. Okay. A lot of time is bills for like 50, 80 bucks. George, don't have his 200 bucks for being the employer the month yet. From months ago. This is the same guy that wanted to pay war in school. Marty 80 grand a year to be on for a half hour and ninety four to Marlon's baseball games. Because he's a cult figure in the market. Okay. How does that show on the wax you're coming by the way? Anybody here that anymore? No. Is it on anymore? No. Maybe this guy. 80 grand a year. To the highly in our ticket, the highly indefensible as far as being nine years concerned. War in school, Marty. Can anybody believe that? No. But there you go. You know, it's just, it's a sports club. Can we afford a bumper sticker? No. How many bumpers took you to the English and perhaps not just for this show? But the whole Q.A.M. operation you're talking about caring about the radio station. How many bumpers took you to the English and prered up for 80, we can bring up for 80 grand, right? Quite a few I would think. Goldlame. Goldlame. Gold, that's in Lame, baby. Here's a mobile in Pompano, hello. Oh, they're out there at Elfint Button and Mexico. I'm seeing it with that SNM business. Mobile in Pompano, going once. Have a nice life. Mobile in Plantation, hello. All right. You're the Rogers. See, Robert Rogers? Yes. I would like to wish you a lot of your hair. Oh, what? I've clogged some hair. Talked to a horse. What? It's called a Cog mean holidays. How's there what? Cog, great thing. Cogs and math. What is it? Cog and math. Oh, yeah. What's wrong with these in Paceoff? It's a lot simpler with a little. What I want to. I want to. All that. What's the date in? Okay. I started my conversation now. I have a question for you. Yeah. I watched you show a couple of times. And I want to know why do you wear a keeper? First of all, I've showed, I hate to break the industry. It's two things. Able like it has got a bad headache. And number two, the TV shows have been offered three months. No, I know that when I used to watch. Why did I wear a schmoth on my head? Yeah, why? Because it was amusing because it was silly. But it doesn't make sense. Let me say it again because it was very silly and amusing. That's why it was silly is because it was a nickname. And he sent it. That's right. Are you keeping pace up? Of course not. Why not? Why not? Are you going to have a conversation? Are you going to church to celebrate good Friday this Friday? At least expect a religion you should. Are you going to church on Friday? You going to church Sunday for Easter? Are you going to church Sunday for Sunday? Are you going to Sunday for Easter? Are you going to Sunday service? Is it a close Christian? I would go to Sunday. What do you mean if you were Christian? Do you mean doing this? You have to celebrate a bunch of butterflies. I don't think I'm a lot more Jewish than you'll ever be. What do you say that? What's the last time you had a good play to kishki? Last week. Like I said, maybe you're right. Where'd you get it? What? Well listen. How old are you get the kishki? Let's stop the stop at the baloney. Where do you find some good kishki in this town? We've some good kishki. Yeah, see you. Yeah. We're all like. Yeah, yeah, yeah. See here. Can you hear me? Oh yeah. 560560, 560 on the AT&T, where I'll slide. I got some kishki for you. Okay, sweetheart. Oh yeah. My golden retriever's got some too. 560560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. You have to go back to acting school. Yes sir. I know. Okay, you want to kishki? Paisco, cork, he's got another client. Right. You see the north, my hand. Yeah, but that crowd out there and pimmer finds. Why did they put all those dying dead people out there and pimmer? I used to live in pimmer of lakes years ago. Back before the average age went up to 100. And it was a great place to live. You know, on tap and hide, is there right by my dentist? Right. But now, once they put that cemetery village into a pimmer of pines, boy. The chairful Chuck, I think, he's out there. I know it. Why do you get to be a hum, he's got a cater to his crowd. He can relate to them. He's a good guy. He's got a caterer to, you know, he's people. I want to ask you, Sean. Okay, you need to persecuting, right? Yeah. And you're going to have bacon today at mom? Yeah. Yeah. What is the brisk of cut to do with bacon? You tell me two things that you're supposed to have this morning. I'm not doing a piso. I'm not having those satir. I mean, I'm not interested in that. I'm just interested in being selective. I pick out the food that I like. You like mozzarella. I hate it. I'm not eating no mozzarella. So, right. But so fast. Somebody called up earlier. And said, mozzarella is a must and something else. And that's what I couldn't remember that man. Well, I can't pronounce that thing. I don't know what it was. Some kind of a grotesque, ugly vegetable. Like rose in the, uh, deep deep in the ground. Okay. It grows in the desert. Yeah. And back to what you're trying to shut up. And what was horse riders you're right. So put some horse riders on your mozzarella. And how does it taste? Okay. See how silly this all is. Silly silly silly crap. But hey, you have a good time, you know. Oh, we're going to drink tonight. Like I said, schmoozing, socializing, it's great. Look at fourth, did you lie? Air of the other holiday in the world becomes a social event. That's fine. All the American holidays. They've all become a social event. Labor day to we care about the workers. Of course not. No. Care about going out there and having a Bobby key again. Haven't a few, a 20 30 beers. Fourth, did you lie? Do we care about independence day? No. No. We care about like, you know, going out and setting off a bunch of fireworks. One of you people's feet off shooting a bunch of lunch off in your high Allia. Is that what they doing highly? My everyday they do that. All the red next to that. Do all the glory holes in the Westland or everyday they do that. So hey, have a good time. But don't keep me this song at advance. This is a nonsense. Oh, you're going to keep the, you know, Thanks, somebody split him in the mickey. He, I thought, oh my God. Hello, I'm song. And I'm Harry. Here to tell you about our special place. Just a short little song. I'm New York. It's a good day now. I scone that's where I want to go. I get a bit of a, I'm in a hole in the pocket of yours. He can't feel that big. Talk that stuff. But I should've told you where I got a nine go, but Saturday, lunch or the full go, talk of your tears. I hope it's kosher. And I'm talking, though, as an eye-top and boxy, I'm all back and was killed. My own alley and shunny. There's even Mickey Rooney right now. My socks and trechos. Oh, baby, that's a pumpkin in the pocket of yours. The national lunch and then we'll see our show. We're throwny on that, though. In the pocket of yours. Get a much-save town. No part of champagne. Shit, five of full in that light crush of. Let's get the chick to get the nustrel over by the extra-sharge bar. I'll show you over here in the pocket, though. Right up and boxy, can move back and bush him. My daily and shunny. Don't forget Mickey Rooney. Play, bro. And let's go. Roll the wheel up the pocket in the pocket of yours. We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show. We're throwny on that, though. Get a pumpkin, though. Let's go, just forget your lips. I don't have my teeth in the middle of my head. But the water in there for this. 132 at 560WQ. I'm Hank from a Shuala State 2 coming up at 2 o'clock. Jim the mad dog, mad bitch. Yeah. 537 and we got the MRD, a panther. Don't say mollins. This game actually means something. Panthers and I'll always be getting the 777-30. So that's our poll question. We got a brief time left here today, but that's a poll question for the Major of the show. Who enjoys Delhi more besides those Jews? Charters or Hispanics. No, seriously. You go into a real big city. And you go into a dilly. And that's just Jews in there. Here you go into like most Delhi's and it's old Jews. Like over the age of death. You can walk in and you smell something and think, he. The flu don't smell like usual Delhi because you're actually smelling the food. You're smelling the clientele. But in any big city, you go in there. There's like a lot of dark, complexive people. They love good Delhi. I'm robot Hispanics. Now, George likes Delhi. Because it usually comes in for free. Why do we miss the villa? Deli. Somebody mentioned to me the other day something about the villa? Deli is open or something? I thought they were closed months ago. Didn't somebody tell us they closed down? Now, there's a place you can get good kissy. And also, by the way, notice how we're slipping. Nobody brought us any brisket. Probably because I've been bitching people out of a bringer. That guy called though. Which guy? The guy that brought us. Where's the guy? And what do you say? Well, why don't you tell me now? What did he say? Like maybe next week sometime. First good. I can eat that. Great. I love it. And I can even eat a little kissy too. That's not so bad. Give it a little hard for him. But that's not all I'd bad. But a nice juicy brisket. Now you're talking. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Hi there. Yes, sir. I was listening to you a long time ago with your coaching night. Got the guts to come out of the closet as it were. Are we getting our religious beliefs? Yes. Because you talk occasionally about people being atheist and whatever. It cost me a few friends. Really? Yeah. And I was very disappointed about it. I got these real friends, are they? And they're also going to show you about those religious people. What nice folks they are. Yeah. It's very disappointing. But I don't think I'm going to go back on it. I mean, I still am sturdling my stand. But anyway, I just want to mention that Jason, what you were seeing over the last couple years, I tried as you, what the hell? I'm just going to kind of not take a stand. Cross the relationship in a few friends. Really? Well, I, you know, screw them. That's where I love that. My girlfriend's Jewish and I thought she'd be the most tolerant of anybody. Yeah. But she thinks I'm the devil personified, right? Yeah. We'll see. Real Jews, well, the exception of the orthodox and the crazy Jews is their plenty of those. Real Jews don't believe in that double crap anyway, so yeah. You probably, you unburden yourself from a lot of sorrow, believe me. Oh, apparently. But anyway, thanks for the freedom. Okay, good luck, you sir. Thank you. God bless you. Here's the fact this is next week is spring break in Dave County. The Julio is already lining up and getting tickets to be served at glory, whole spot in Westland. At least it'll keep their mouth open. We won't have to hear about Castro for a week. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Excellent. Thanks. Nice draw on Sir. Oh, boy, Larry. 5.670560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Poor pandering Dave hide over there to sunset. We'll go back down there right 20 or 30 more columns about it. Okay, sweetheart. And any of the pope too. Did that pope ever write anything that was worth repeating? No. No. But he's an icon. Yeah. I bet you're false. You think your false is still alive? No. Probably dead. What are all he's had? He's called about this, you know, this clown stealing his love letters, which, you know, what he got nothing to write, which is most of the time. It he write a stupid column like he did today with that love letters to the editor, which you read all of them and they say nothing. Absolutely positively. No. No. No. Here's my email. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Anyway, I went to that happy day life savings time, the user. It's a beautiful day here in the grow. It's very, very windy here. Yeah. But anyway, I went to that the ban over there on 27th Avenue and the guy looks from on the car. Yeah. He just dead. You know, so when I got some tickets in on the market, take us to the other baseball time. Right. So you gave me some, the other tickets here were given away. Yeah. So you gave me two and you know, I asked him to go up there. You gave me two up there. And he gave me a pair and I go look, again, he had a huge role there and it's like, you know, I remember your remotes when you were with a bird and all that back there. And I think it was WNWS. Right. Oh, no. W. I would be maybe your W.I.N.Z or Z. W.I.N.Z and I mean, those remotes that you did back then. Oh, yeah. We have to see those remotes. That was a whole different ball game. I mean, we had all kinds of stuff to give away. We had the times when the promotion people screwed up when we had a sign that back of paper plates down events in Cameroon time. And then the time went out there to a pop at Oestadium there. And for the miracle game, and they gave me about 10 picture cards to sign. And we had 2,000 people aligned up there. And I left there practically in tears on a card calling like Disney at home. How come you don't have any stuff for me to sign on who you jack at? We've had, you know, promotion in this market, man. It's not one of their strong resuits. I have bumper stickers from those days. I have bumper stickers. If you don't see those, no more. I have those. Those I won't. But they're on my wall and also pictures of you fine by the bird and you. Right. And what is it with the bird these days? Have if you like to see the disappear completely. He's pretty sick, I guess. We have to check on him. He's in the hospital in Lakeland. He's got the. He's got a form of MS and handshead for years. Not at all. I'll have to check and see how he's doing. One last thing. I got this envelope in the mail from that other station. Thank you. Whereup before you came to sports station. Yeah. It was a yellow envelope. W-I-O-D. Oh, I hate that station. Yeah. And I year and a half later they sent me this package. I guess it was something that you were given away. You and George were given away something that day. And I haven't even opened it. I don't even know what it could be. So I guess I'm just going to send it back to them. And I hear that lady that used to be on after you. Was it after you? She's on there now. Yeah. I'm broken. I'm broken. I'm broken. I'm broken. Yeah. I guess I have no. I never turned that station on. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I got some stock market advice. I turned on Rick in the morning. We're concerned. But other than that. I never turned that station on. But anyway. I don't know if that station. This is the number one station. And you're the best. And we need to see you. We already know how you look like. We need to see you. We need to be in front of you. We want to see you. Okay. Oh, you're a hard turn. Okay, proud. Thank you. See you. I'd love to hear in the last money. 560 50 50 50 50 50 60 on the AT&T wireless line. He wants it, man. He wants it badly. Maybe we should send them over to hang out with JC. How is he doing, by the way? I wanted it. I'll bet. Yeah. We just did just something missing here. Yeah. There's just an ingredient. They're there. See the powers that be here. They're too involved with their own little. Cloked at intercircle. You're always talking about. They're too involved with that. And they just they just don't have any empathy. You're understanding for the rest of us. And what just places really all about. Take this thing about Gary Sardner talking about how he understands in his proud of what he, they don't understand what QAms all about. They really don't. We do. They don't. I think you got a backwards. What? I think we're the ones that don't understand what it's all about. We understand what it's all about. Sports bar with a microphone. 21 till 2 at 5 60 WQAM. Isn't that right? Yes. That's gross. I thought, wow. Cool. The madder thinking in the old you thrive on that arc. Artillery and a arena for the blind at the heat. We're having two of them. Somehow don't seem right. They're askept all in torment and chill at five. When we end this lockdown, there's no best we can't bear all ons dry. Let's go play some and ensure that you're sure being nice. Before we lose our attic, let's take that down. Oh, nice. That's nice. That's nice. That's nice. That's nice. That's nice. That's nice. That's nice. That's nice. That's nice. That's nice. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. I think that's nice. That's nice. Why 45, I think that's a good two-ish-safety cook face off. Well, we got more Jews looking around us doing. It's good that we got one Jew in the inner circle. There you know, that's good. He's the only one. I think he's very sorry. He's the only one. He's not really any inner circle. He's just in the outside hanging out by his toenails. Until next time he gets canned. He's the employee of the month, baby. Ah, very stern, or he's our kind of people he's Jewish. And we're pretty embarrassed about it. Here's a mobile and a baby. Hello. Thanks for coming. Okay, thanks for the call. There we go again, but you're phoning. How do you like that? Just when we go, that means they're working on it. But, wow, what's wrong with it? It's not rolling over in the right order. Good. Hello? What is going on? Well, what do you mean, it's not rolling over in the right order? I thought we hit this all straight enough. No, they're coming in like tap hazard. Or you're working on that? I hope so. Oh, God. You, the guy that called early in the show was right. You people at Bell Southman, you're at L, the anti-Christ. God, all this, the whole phone system you need to in the next is his hometown. That's the problem. God, dang. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom, I know this is just a little thing. Why should I be worried about doing the talk show with the phone system and so I'll screw it up. See, I'm just a troublemaker. I don't want to be, you know, part of the little core and I don't want to be everybody's friend. That just cracks me up. I want to be your friend, no. I don't want to be your friend. No, I want to be your friend. No, no, no, no. Sorry. Here's North Miami Beach, Chilla. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Teaching first. Well, it's a little bit too close. Yes. Are you going to be to get tonight? Yes, I will. And also, I saw someone had on a shirt. I get turned on my Neil Rogers. Where can I get one? You want to one? A T shirt. So when I had on a T shirt, I turned on my Neil Rogers. Where can I get one? You have to look at Sam in the right place to get one of those. We only have seven of them. Right, go. You have to look him on his rectum and maybe he'll give you one. Or maybe he'll do nephew. So everybody, well, what were they so on in front of by the nephew? I mean, yeah, he is a boring kind of a guy. Huh? He looks boring. And just that looking, he's a really good guy. I created it in my believe me. No. He's a good guy. We like him. He's one of the few people there. We really like. He's not a very boring, but he is boring. You're right. He's looked him around here at the porch stock. The porch monkey. Oh, the porch dog. Oh, yeah, he is boring. You look at him in right away. Like, oh, geez, you know, boring. You can't help that. You look at me and you think, oh, fat and old, you know, it's where you are. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I'm thrilled with the fact that you decided to take charge of your own life. I've actually get off all these medications. That's right. I'm right. I'm right. I'm right. I'm right. I'm right. I'm right. I'm right. I'm right. I'm right. I'm right. Oh, life. And my bl sexuality was 73, 77 year. Every morning gets beautiful. You doing well. I've feeling I sound like it and I'm sitting up in my chair here and there sitting on my liver on my desk and you see soon. Now. Dad. Plus people in this town, at all, better shape. And my buddy, Dr. Marco portesede. Great guy. You know, and interest in my health. He really, I like him a lot. and suggesting that that's medical care. I'm sorry that's bullcraft. Well, you know, let me let me just point something out here and this comes from my doctor. Unfortunately, because of all the HMOs we have down here at Florida. Yeah. Many of your best doctors have left the state and they're going to the state to the north of the west. Right. That's a lot more money. So in turn, this is a nursing home here. Well, the great doctors that we have left, they can't take any more patients. Yeah. So, you know, you have to really search hard and long to find exactly what you want in the doctor. But you know, yourself, if you stay on the program, you're on. You drop the weight, no more medication. Right. I mean, I could see you running around in the 150 pounds. That's right. I'd be, I'd say by the year clock this afternoon. I have a great day, pal. I'd be happy whatever you're celebrating. Have a happy day like savings time. There's something most of us can agree on. Oh, we all like it. Most of us. There's some people who don't like daylight savings time. You know what I say to them? Too bad. What are the reasons for that? Well, you know, the farmers don't like it. You want them to lie? Because we push the clock ahead now or so get light and hour later in the morning. They don't like working in the dark. Some parents don't like it. Because they don't like to have their kids out there waiting for the school bus in the dark in the morning. Huh? That is correct. So there's those eight people that all are activists. We like it. They like savings time. Hate when we turn the clock back. Oh, I despise that. What is it the end of October? Oh, brother. The pressings starts getting dark five in the afternoon. Hate it.