Sports Radio 560 W2AM my M4 Loderdale presents the Neil Rogers show to talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for data-powered or pound 560 on yourself. No the opinions of Neil his guest callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the beastly mouth out. No no no. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA Alvinco hit away from the ball while the f***er. Dear Aladdin, I don't know if you remember me but I was the guy who's how you said I'm not my last you. God I miss you even though you blew up my heart. Cut all my hair off I miss you girl. But what quick question do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this event. No one's yet me for weeks but I'm not complaining. Don't misunderstand me because I loved you with all my heart but if you happen to see my mother please let her know I'm not dead yet dear Aladdin. I want to tell you that the guy you saw with your best friend that wasn't me. He kind of looked and talked just like me but that surely surely coincidental. I was so weird near that place I loved you too much to look at anyone else. Dear Aladdin, I had a dentist appointment that day and I was so weird near the Sharon metal lid hotel. I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good with all those rareties as well that I love you. I love you. Channel 2 at 5.6. You're happy. Anyway I've got the most addressing job here this morning. God how do I break this this but sucking thing to the audience? Well they won't be surprised. Well I didn't hear it myself although somebody who was at my house last night watching the first two periods of the Buffalo Ottawa playoff game somebody who I treated to dinner last night and really treat Jeff Cohen treated and dinner at the pizza lock. How do I want to mention Jeff rummer? He said oh yeah they asked me to be on a marmor and to call them on the awards team because the DFOs out of town and of course Jaldi is the only one I showed that knows even a little bit about hockey so they want to talk about what the playoffs coming up etc. Starting. Okay am I going to get up at you know I mean I was up at am I going to turn on the radio in the house at 45 at a morning? No. To this day especially? No. Of course not. But when I get inside the building I hear the most distressing the most unbeatable. Well let me just set the stage for this okay set the table so to speak without the silverware. So in a rummer sets me up his mother was in town and so you know he doesn't want to like impose on his wife and his mother was not happy to be sitting there watching hockey games with a playoff son so actually why not come over to my house to watch a hockey game. No problem I got to settle out dishes big screen TV and how about buying him dinner before the game would be good. Well he didn't really say that but if rummers says let's go to dinner it means he had buy and so you figured out. So I got even with him I said okay I'll make you the pizza law five o'clock knowing that the price would be right and the food would be very good which it was. Thanks pony tail. I'm going to cut it in the hour that we were there I picked up out of material to like blackmail at least 50 different people just unbelievable amazing. I could be tear right now this minute. So anyway we see you know we're sitting there and the help they're very friendly to me. Oh yeah and your Rogers is here they call off pony tail wasn't there the moment on his cell phone he comes rushing into the restaurant so he sits down and he says to us he said if you guys would have told me you were coming tonight I wouldn't have taken out and bought you both dinner at someplace better. His little brand of humor you know pony tail and rummer responds without a pause without a hesitation how about to burn night. True story. Oh I'm just kidding I'm just yeah you're just kidding right anybody leave you just kidding. Oh first not. So I come in here this morning and I'm I just I don't know what to say about this. You know because Georgian remember Haiti to the like poison which I still haven't figured out what that's all about I don't mean dislike I don't mean despise hate hate. In fact I told him that you were going to be doing the show that I'm on vacation just psychotic he was doing car wheel summer salts. So I guess he's not going to listen he'll be listening because I'm sure you'll be talking about a bunch of while we talking about my client said about it. Okay. Oh now he'll be listening yeah and so will everybody else. So I guess I just had played you know and I'd be around the bush he calls in this morning on the worst team. So I now I didn't hear the rest of it ostensibly to talk about the NHL play us. But somewhere in a conversation came up an opportunity to do a major league suck job. What's going to happen with that radio job in your opinion? Oh the radio job. Yeah the radio play by play now. I think obviously Goldie based on his bench hitting performance has got to be considered as a serious candidate. One thing about Steve Goldstein I think you'll agree with me Joe you don't better than anybody in all seriousness. I respect the work that Joe that Steve Goldstein puts in. Be it preparing for a panther radio broadcast. I've had the fortune of working with Joe at QA or not with Joe that the Goldie only A.M. And Joe I think I think that Goldie's a hard worker and I really respect that and I think he's got to be considered in the next. Well you have been strong. What do you go in? What a suck up job that was. I mean I can't find words there are no words that have been invented yet to describe the suction. When I heard that almost fell off this year and on the ground not that I know that he doesn't really believe that. Anybody believe that not that I know. They're right. I mean why do people feel compelled why is this market so full of suckles? Are they all they're making want to be is that it's the thing they're going to make it to the top by sucking their way to the top. Kissing the cottage cheese ass all the way to the top. Unbelievable. This man no more believes that Joe they ought to be doing the panther games next season than he's going to pay for the next 10 dinners. There isn't a Chinaman's chance in hell. I think I'm just going to play that from now to two over and over again. How many times have I gotten ballistic on here here talking about all the suction that goes on that's basically what this time is all about that's the biggest part about one of the big problems with this time. Too many suckles. For a few people are really have an honest opinion and are willing to take a chance and express it. But you know you don't have to go out of the way. I mean I. Oh. Makes my skin crawl. I'm not going to our night. Same it for next time. We got to find that alligator arms by the way whatever I'm did he come in here one day and like it takes it out of our DCS alligator arms. Unbelievable. The man with arms too short to everywhere. I mean a couple of times I've noticed him try to reach for the check with the arms just you know can't reach far enough. Even if they put it like right in front of his little hands they just can't reach out there and grab that check. Major major. What a suck up job that was suck up job the worst well I would say that was the worst suck up job I ever heard my life. Larry King couldn't come close to what the Humper couldn't compete with it. There was nobody in the history mankind even the biggest marshmallow tossers the biggest butt liquor is the biggest name droppers could never come close to matching that river. Man. Not just in sincere, but a flat out blatant pile of big oozing smelly crap. What that was. Crap. But just keep it up because the sports there to listen to the station they eat that stuff up anyway would like they put mayonnaise on it. You know the Dutch put mayonnaise on their french fries well the soft lotus sports there they put mayonnaise on their craft and they love it. Breakfast lunch and dinner wait till I share my first facts within a minute great. Starts off my morning on a real high note great facts from another one of our gunna huggers out there in radio land I love it. Not sure if you have a spot and then they'll do it that. Oh. Five hits and I'm waiting it wills me out for the piece I see like that ball here I go again. I got the fun cheese mix me want to snack then I lie down going to take a nap and then I'll get up and I make a drag a couple of toast into buzzes coming back. I get a thrill at a roll that weed. I'll prepare my favorite good to see. Mix the mixture to fill you a little too. I hold it all up on the stove to bed. I'm going to hate to take that here and say my back for it just worth got to only those with the illegal grass grow. How dry. Nothing's gonna stop. That is good stuff and give me all the stuff. That's 14 here at suction central baby 560 WQ in this town and I'm telling you someday it'll be just like that big black hole that they're always talking about in outer space. Just disappear off the map it'll just get sucked right down in the center of the earth maybe even pad bull will be down in there or James Dearing or wherever was in that movie. Who was it? Well one of them. Maybe was pad boom. I'm going to show you how to make a good job there remember phone a phone a phone a in some sear on beelable shameful shameful a disgraceful display a totally unacceptable display of just this on is just the crap. Here is a man who and I agree with him how could that voice possibly be on the year when any reference made the guilty that squeaky that tune out that voice you know. He's got to overcome that voice and he comes on here this morning and just gratuitously out of nowhere just to be a suck hole says what you heard which I'll play again 20 or 30 times just to make sure no we got to pinch ourselves to make sure look at that I'm itching already I'm sure I'm itching I have an allergy from here in that. Is how I'll agitated my system is from hearing that crap. Great facts before I get to my gun facts from John by the way. Here's a great facts from a guy named Jim Carl Sagan often said that American kids were so capable of violence not because of TV or movies or musical junk food or not going to Sunday school or any of these other bull shot reasons the right wing is from at the mouth about but because we as a society are so bizarrely frightened of the idea of teenage sex that adolescent simmer restrained in a pressure cooker for the hormones until they have to break loose them how often explosively. As you have so often pointed out does not happen in most other advanced countries the few who do use sex with the same what does it say will the same idiotic fear is that we Americans always seem to have the same violent leanings most Islamic countries for example there you go think about this. I think about this he says any country Americans visit because they consider it either a paradise or just a great place is fundamentally free of morality about teenage and most other sexuality you know your right to Jim getting in my passport I'm getting the f out of this place I want to move somewhere that civilized. I'm going to the next one on the fact on what on target and then of course become the first fact that I got on the machine this morning. I want to carry on again yesterday with a spectacular great show if I say so myself what you know I'm going to thank you. And then of course I get here the right to this station going out of all I just think the bears can drive the running back. I don't feel sorry for those people I feel sorry for us that were surrounded by idiots like that. I mean here we've just been to a a massacre of young people right here in the middle of this country and these people are nothing detours them from their appointed stupidity that's all I know about that's all they know that's the beginning and the end of their resistance. I mean what's the meaning of life what's the meaning of their lives. Huh? I mean what's the ball score stop coming in is there life even worth living at all? No good question. So anyway John facts is me this here you go and it's interesting there's a little white out and here you must have put a word in there. I don't want to say a light a starter with in or something like that. But you'll figure it out he says just a thought to ponder kneel if you want to sleep tonight in three hours later woke up to wait and then there's a white out there you know. Large digger standing at the foot of your bed with a black ski mask see got the black in there but just he moved it around a little bit. Could have been a brown ski mask a orange ski mask and any a black ski mask and a six inch knife and his in you would sell your soul to the devil. To have immediate access to a gun. I saw my soul to the devil. No, I just borrow the devil's pitch fork. Sure do better than that stupid night that guy. I mean six he's only got six inches this guy in the night too. That's not nice. That's just a little you know that's like a letter opener. Huh? This is the focus is John of the NRA. Anybody believe John by the way that this is the focus of the NRA? You son of a bitch not to simply on a gun but to protect ourselves in family with it says John. Right. That's why all your kids are out there shooting each other up low. He's had his brains out coming in either suicide but they're actually playing around with them and blowing their own brains out. You know it's like we all know what that is. That's the American. There you go. That's right. I have another one. And it's interesting because this whole business out there in Denver. And our cancels portions of the Denver convention. As we saw the what happened the two days ago. As horrifying details of the massacre at Columbine High School and continued to emerge yesterday, we've public and legislators in Colorado shot their colleagues by killing. And that's just a pardon you expression. Killing two pro gun measures headed for passage within a matter of days. Even before police could learn where the go of Colorado killers acquired their guns, Colorado Governor Bill Owens and several Republican leaders in the state retreated from their earlier support of those two major gun bills. The withdrawal of those bills was a stunning victory for gun control forces who abute Colorado as an important test after Missouri voters in April 6. We checked it and measured that would have a lot more concealed weapons. Let me say it again. April 6 Missouri voters rejected a measure that would have allowed more concealed weapons. Because guess what John and all you other gun hunters out there. The majority of us in this country aren't in love with guns. We don't want to see everybody in their brother running around with guns. We don't believe that most people have got some kind of right somewhere that they read in the constitution in the bill of rights. They have an arsenal of weapons in their basement and their garage and the backyard and their way wherever they're hiding them. Okay. Pay to break the news to John. But that's the way the majority of the same people in this country think we're not in love with the guns. Okay. Or you're gun. Or anybody else's guns. You're kind of a little too bad. And then of course right here in the Assunchine state, with somebody called in about this yesterday. It's Lord Alam, maker, delays debate on gun lawsuits. It would be an inappropriate time to hear it says the House Speaker John Trasher. And what were they going to debate yesterday? A proposed law to ban local governments lawsuits against gun makers, including one filed by a date county this year. The bill would even ban pending lawsuits like that one and any other ones that are pending. So in other words, let's make sure we get the gun makers off the hook is what that bill was all about. But they canceled the Florida Bay yesterday because the timing would have been real bad. It would have been real embarrassing to point out that our right wingers here in the state of Florida are gun nuts are gun huggers. Are trying to do everything in their power to protect the gun makers to protect everybody and their brother who's got as many guns as they want. And I'm going to tell you something. I've been through this as a city of time. It's like the abortion thing. It's like any day that entire old issues. It's never, it's always the time. So waste the my time in your time because this like I said before it just ain't going to change. That's the American. That's right. That's just what it is. I'm not saying people ought to give up trying because you know if you've had your life, but nevertheless, it's going to be a long time before any serious inroads are made. Because this is a country that's obsessed with guns and violence and believe me, that's not a very good combination. Not a good combination. Guns, violence and a respect for human life. There's the third one. There's a trifecta for you. Put those together and you got, how did people is what you got? You got a barbaric place like I said yesterday. Not a civilized country. You can keep pretending that I'm a bad guy. I got some kind of an agenda. Well, whatever you want to say, you can attack me all you want with your bull crap. But the fact is, it's the truth. It's a barbaric country. Civilized country. People are walking around shooting each other. Kids are picking up baddies, gun and bulletin are brains out in their classmates and their friends and their brothers and sisters. Some heard of. To the American, if you can try to trace it to movies, you can try to taste it at traces of digging. Whatever you want, but the American public has developed an insatiable appetite for violence. Insatiable. That's why we have extreme everything. Extreme wrestling, extreme violence. Faces of death parts 1 through 5000. Extreme, you feel in the black. Extreme violence. Just plain ordinary violence. That's not fun anymore. That's no good anymore. And you know what's really interesting. They were showing some clips from a couple of movies including that one movie geared to teenagers, who are in the school or blowin' everybody away with rifles and shotguns. I'm not with the name of that movie. And I'm thinking to myself, kids can go see these movies, even if they're like PG, whatever. If they have an adult with them, that's okay. But unless they're 18, they can't go see like a porn movie. They can't see sex. But all the violence that there have been invented, no problem at all. See this movie that they were showing, clockwork orange. Remember had an X rating? And it was nothing. I mean, there was some violence in it. There was some sexual, you know, in Yuendo. But nothing. And of course, Malcolm McThowles are strong. That was in there too. But other than that. But they're kind of gratuitous violence in these movies. And I'm not saying that if you go see a movie, that's an excuse because you got to the Nesatos, good idea to kill somebody. But just think of the different set of standards we're talking about there. Okay. Okay. To go see that. No matter what your age really, they'll get you in. But God forbid, there should be people, you know, having sex, any kind of anything sexual. Oh my God. Unless you're at least 50, we don't want you to see that. And only with a note from your grandpa. America is neurotic about sex. So Jim with this fact, you write on targets, we'd art. And as far as John and your facts, first of all, he got a good security system. And you got a little dog that barks a lot. I'm not really worried about some guy with a big bucks, he mask getting into my house standing there with six inches or his knife either. I'm not really too worried about it. I don't think you'd make it that far. Okay, Jim. John, whatever your name was. Here's a lady mobile in somewhere. Hello. Hello. Lady mobile. What happened to her? What just happened to the phone? What just happened to my life? I see a flashing view for my eyes. I'm pressing the button on me. She's not on. I can't press her off. She isn't going off. Oh, please don't tell me this is happening today. Not to me. What is this? Another Greg Reed deal here with our great equipment that never works? Look at that. I can't put her on. I can't let's try it again. Hello. Okay. Let's try one more. Here's a mobile in highly. Hello. And you can tell that they're not going to be on because the screen is like, hello. Going once. Going twice. How about line five and David? Hello. And as soon as I punch it up, whatever you've written on there where they are that goes up. So guess what, boys and girls, our phone system in this room doesn't work today. So I would screen, let's see if that helps. WQAM. Hello. No, it says line and use elsewhere. This whole phone system is totally, is totally FTA. And you wonder, you wonder that we actually have people. I mean, if you've been listening a long time, you should probably shouldn't wonder anymore. But those of you who think that I get carried away that I go overboard, you wonder why go ballistic about working for people like this, where from one day to the next you come in and you have no idea if anything is going to be working. This is the most unbelievable cheap ass horseball out that I have ever worked for in my life. I've worked for stations that aren't even on here anymore in Marshall, Michigan, places like that. And they were more professional in this horseball after. Let me try line seven, mobile and a seat, and I press it up and mobile in and the Miami goes out. So the whole phone system is out. It's done. It's history. Great. Left here yesterday, two o'clock phones are working fine. They were sizzling off the whole case today. We did a radio show in here. Come back in the next day. Does anything work? No. Only at WQAM. Tank tries to get on here every single day. You could almost bait your life on it within the first five minutes. They're going to lose the line. He's out of two as the line goes out. He's up at Louisville's. The line goes out. This is a technical disaster. It's a technical horror show is what this is. What's the point of getting upset about? What am I screaming any yelling getting wild about it? It goes on all the time. In fact, the days that we ought to be surprised on the days when the damn thing works. Oh, and you know, you guys are going to get a great new phone system up there. The state of the yard. Did we get a new phone system? Was it another life from our general manager? We show in his ass to the world. Yeah. I just know there was a bunch of bull crap. Unbelievable. This is done. Bring your daughter to work day today. So George has got his daughter to bring her to see what a horseball place this really is. It's just unbelievable. So what are we doing boys and girls? Let's do a break. Okay. That's what we're going to for here. We can always get this spots on here. We can't get the programs on here to the week and get those spots on here, baby. I know. This place is all about all spots radio. Okay. Let's not write into it. Okay. Let's not waste any time. 1031 at 560 or make believe radio station. Your tinker toy station for the nineties. Let's see if this works. Okay. I don't think it will. Here's a lady mobile and it's going to work. Mobile and pepper fine. Hello. Yes, man. Why did that work? I don't know. I could hear you the whole time. I was going to work because I got rid of that. I did something on it. One button there. I think that's what it is. But anyway, there you are. Okay. What a miracle. Yeah, really. Thank God. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to push in that button. Somebody was in here doing with our phone. Okay. Wait a minute. That's another reason. By the way, that we can't be letting anybody else in here in the afternoon to get the new studios. I don't want anybody else ever in here again. That's our list. Lock will remain locked. They got a good production in the toilet. Let him do it in the men's room. I'm sorry. Go ahead. I'm going to call out for Monday. I'll rock less. I can put a spin on the tragedy of Colorado. You sound of a bitch. Yeah. They felt that the reason that it happened is because the kids are raised with no moral values. Right. Only the gun lovers have moral values. Right. They blamed Hollywood. Right. Played in the video game. Right. And good old Hollywood Norse. He started to kill by saying there were 20,000 gun laws from the books. Not one of them stopped what happened out there. And so why don't we just give everybody guns. I mean, if that's the logic, let's just give everybody a whole bunch of guns. It'll probably work out, okay. Right. So they're not a problem in America. Senator Lawtonberg from New Jersey was on there as the anti gun lobby at Jessica Callham. And I'll endorse. They were saying that the Brady Bill stopped 250,000 felons from getting gun permits and guns last year. And the Anna Rays response. What are the felons still walking the street? We need the government to enforce the law small. Yeah. And I'm like now wait a minute. I saw it like Anna Rays. Republicans. They want less government. Now they're saying that they want them to arrest all these people in trauma. They're good. Not all felons that are out there are bad people in the serve. You're talking you're allowed to come back on the society. So. I got news for you. They could take if they took all the people in prison and jails on drug charges. If they took them out of jail, they could put all the else scumbags away and keep there for next 50 years. Right. Right. And it's a very interesting thing. And the show. I'm a lot of the ones that are playing in the national felom league two by the way. I totally agree with you with that. At the very end of the of the segment. They were talking about how they need to restrict guns and make a harder for people to get. And of course, they bring up the second amendment. And a lot of work read it. Word for word. Yeah. But you're not going to you're never. It's like the abortions. Again, these are the same people. It's the same mentality. It's like arguing with a rock. You understand. It's as much a part of their body as the blood that's thrown through their veins. I agree. It was just so fascinating because I've been waiting here with the energy. I had the stay on this. This is total tragedy. It's a real shame. They're going to find out there was more involved in this than just a couple kids going out to blow them away. You know, their friends, the lawyer, whatever it was. Maybe maybe not. Who knows. Maybe they were. Maybe they won't. We might never know what really happened. But it was just so funny. You know, now they're going to kill you. You have to under again. We haven't heard a damn thing except for the, you know, the heartfelt messages from the parents of these two scumbags. We haven't heard anything else about, you know, them or who they were. Or where they were. And then these kids were making their 30 explosive devices. They were. Well, they thought, well, they said they heard them exploding them all through the week last weekend. And then they were in the house and they were all this all this was going on. And they have a feeling that they were in there making all this stuff. But I don't think the two of them didn't learn. They found too many explosion devices around that place. It could not have done that all the time. Now, yesterday, they asked one of the so-called experts this morning. One of the police people, they could have made it. I mean, you have no idea what the timeframe was. How long they were planning this? That's that is true. You don't know. But yeah, the end of right put the spin on it that it wasn't the good laws and nothing like that. It was just there. You know, you got it. You got it. It will more on the whole mind. You're so all you've done, whether them people out there, you know, click with your thumbs and whatever. They'll be squeezing them. Hopefully. You got it. Thanks for the help. Bye. Oh, thank God our phone is working again now. Every day we got to go through like some. That's a little bit of a little bit of a stuff in here. Okay. By the way, the, thank you for the fact that says the, this is a chronic cancer by the way, but nevertheless, thank you anyway. The basketball diaries was the movie and that kid with the a trench coat goes in. You know that movie and blows everybody away into a clanc of blows a bunch of kids away. Basketball diaries. It was. It wasn't. I saw that movie. I don't remember that happening. They showed the scene yesterday. All in on maybe I was slut to that part. There's a Leo movie. It was crappy. There's the scene where a kid goes in with a trench coat and they said, it goes in with a trench coat and shotgun wearing black and blows kids away. They showed the, the clip, yeah, I wanted the Tuesday night. All right. I'll take your work for it. I kind of have what it has. You might know it. You get a one on one with Robbie Benson. That's the only basketball movie you ever. I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't see it. The basketball diaries. I'm going to go see that. No. No. So I'm assuming that this is right because I'm sure of this because they, they showed it. Here's a mobile and blood belt blade. Hello. Hi. How are you doing? I'm going to show you the show. I'm going to show you the show. I got a story on this lady to the teacher at the school. And she was like, please. I mean, this could never happen to her school. I got there with a paper school. I don't think so. Because it was a one. Because she had the safest school. That's schools. And she was teaching that was the safest school. And, you know, she didn't think that would ever happen. No one would think it would ever happen in the school. But today, you take out the corporate punishment in the school. And, you know, you're left with that. And what are a bunch of punks coming to school where in black trench coats and sunglasses, by the way, all through class, everyone is that. That's just a statement that they're trying to make. What's the statement that they're trying to make? The statement is the school system that they're trying to make when they let kids do whatever they want. They're not making that. And, you know, they're taking the side of politicians as I feel because as soon as you stop parents from being parents, they're home because you're going to call each other. If I'm thinking, you're just a pretty much out. I mean, you have no, you're taking the right side of parents and then you don't want to deal with the child. You know, everybody has to wear the parents. Well, you know, sometimes a hand of time. Yeah. That's what's going to happen. Who's hand you tied? The parents have because, I think the people in the parents hands are tied. Maybe they're tied behind their back is the problem. Well, case they're parents hands are tied. The school teachers hands are tied by the parents. Don't ever touch my kid. Don't ever accuse my kid in doing anything wrong by the parents who are mostly scumbags. Parents of these kids, not always mostly though. Sometimes you got some good parents who just love that just they're totally oblivious. Try their best. But generally speaking in this country, one of the one of our biggest pastimes is trash making babies. Otherwise, the jury's finger show'll be off the ear tomorrow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. That's right, man. The NRA people in the gun thing. It's, don't you understand, can I draw you a map? Can I get, can I explain it to you? Guns are as American as Apple pie and Chevrolet and hot dogs and baseball and beer and you name it. It's firmly ingrained. It's in there. It's deeply embedded. Since the days of the wild west that they don't want to let it go, they have more excuses. You can't reason with maniacs. You can't reason with them because there's nothing there that will ever permeate that six scholars. Nobody's going to take away their gun. And we're not just talking handguns. You name it. You're going to have an arsenal as many as you want. Whatever you want. That's what the Bill of Rights says. I'm going to have my gun because I don't trust that government. And by the way, the generally politically, these are the people of line with the far right wing who are the people in government that we should be trusted in the least, by the way. So maybe it's like a self-fulfilling prophecy. Of course, this is Robert. I'm playing an out of town old-time on business. Whatever. I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and having to find the old Rogers. The honest with you, that it is very pathetic. And this guy, I mean, this is all you got. And I'm sports talk radio. It is horrible. So I'm not definitely trying to find somebody prepared for sure. And his whole GD-Bang and everything else. It's on one day we all face the Lord. All right. Have a great day. Bye. 210 years ago this march is astronomer William Hersho, discovered the planet your Ares. To commemorate this historic event, your public library is proud to present a special salute to your Ares. Complete with books and magazines to help you study your Ares. And especially display that allows you to examine your Ares more closely. Back to why, after one visit, you'll be able to find your Ares with both hands tied behind your back. So stop by your library and discover your Ares today. 1045 and 560 WC. By the way, speaking of your Ares, this fits right in. In our A-Skeels back its convention. How do you like that? They're in a scale of back like I said. Use some of the bench. I'm going to grow back last year against guns following the little Colorado School Massacre of the National Rifle Association yesterday began scaling back its annual convention, which was the beginning next week in Denver just a few miles away from the side of the killings. The shootings. A spokeswoman who declined to identify herself confirmed that the centerpiece of the conference and elaborate exhibition at the city's convention center would be closed. Meetings are to be held as scheduled. NRA spokesman Bill Powers did not return messages yesterday. You've had been expected to draw more than 22,000 hunters, shooters, collectors, and others from Colorado in the Texas Panhandle. But yesterday the powerful lobby representing nearly 3 million lunatic gun owners began taking down billboards with pictures of NRA President Charlton Heston used. Along major roadways throughout the state and quietly informed its members of plans to scale back the event. Ted Pasco executive director of the Colorado Coalition against Gun Violence and group of about 30 organizations applaud of the decision. We believe that in light of this horrible tragedy, the NRA should demonstrate some sensitivity to the families of the shooting victims he said. The decision to appear to be, the last minute bit of a verbal could have been a major public relations crisis for the NRA. Isn't that amazing? Gun lobby has to have a public relations thing they got to worry about. As in how embarrassing that they have to look before we realize how crazy they are. As recently as Tuesday, Mr. Powers insisted that the organization wouldn't cancel the government saying there's no way to do that. He added that hundreds of thousands of dollars have already been spent and that the Denver convention has been in the works for more than five years for Christ's Sakes. Before the Colorado shootings on Tuesday, the NRA had identified Colorado as a state where it's still a good chance of winning looser regulations on guns. Oh boy, winning looser regulations on guns, including proposal legislation that would have made it easier for gun owners to get permits that allow them to carry concealed weapons. All right. No, they don't want people running around. They just want you to be able to protect yourself and your family in your home, right? No, what they want you to be able to do is have all the guns you want anywhere in everywhere. Let's just shoot it out, baby. The parking lot? Huh? It's school? Anywhere you want? Crazy people is what we're talking about. Gun huggers. And it's such a fallock thing. I mean, anybody who doesn't realize that these are old smoothies these in our RAD guys. I bet you if you, I bet you even would just a cursory examination you'd find out that Charlton has to use. It doesn't have anything even closely resembling a penis. I guarantee you that. That's why he's hugging that gun. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. I'm a little insulted as a parent. You know, everybody's blaming, everybody's blaming everything. Rosy O'Donnell was blaming Jerry Springer yesterday. Everybody's blaming the guns. But nobody's going back to the parent to the parental responsibility that I have to my kid to show him what right or what's wrong. You know, I'm not a gun. I'm not poor guns, right? Let me ask you this. I'm not a gun. I'm not poor guns, right? Let me ask you this. Sir, my cliche filled friend. Let me ask you this. If you got bad kids, do they know that different from right or wrong? Doesn't it make sense that they shouldn't have any access to guns? Well, besides that, is that a couple of kids? No, but the kids were looking at that crap on the internet. They were watching. You know, I heard it was a Stephen King book. I just heard from you. You just got through the crime. The people who are blaming everything else. Now you're doing it. What's going to be doing making fun of this? I'm making fun of it. What should have been done is that the parents should have been curtailing. What their kids were seeing or anything like that. Let me ask you. Let me ask you. No, you can't ask me anything. It's a stifo to your lip. And let's go. No, you can't ask me anything. And to the stifo to your lip. And let's have a conversation. Otherwise you're gone. Okay? Okay. Because you're a rude jackass. Okay. Now how about the kids that pick up that he's gunned? You know, the every day in this town, practically, there's another horror story. And we see people crying on your television sets on the evening news. Because kids found that he's gunned. It was sitting out on a lock or a shotgun or whatever. Was usually a handgun. And somebody gets killed. Then their playmates, their brother, whoever was. What about that? Okay. Well, I agree. But also the parental responsibility to keep those guns locked up and keep the child safe. Do you want to go? And are they doing it? Are they doing it, sir? I don't know. I don't know. Okay. Well, when you find out, call me back. When you find something out. When you know something, my concern parent friend. He don't know. Like I said yesterday, we're just picking up the address. Where we left off. It's like I told you. It's a hopeless argument. You're your band. You're head against the wall. I'm not going to do it. There's no point to it. Yeah. Parents should be responsible. But you know something. There are a lot of parents who aren't. There are a lot of parents who are scum. Reproducing making babies. I know it may come as a shock to you, sir. It's not a big magic trick. Happens all the time. In fact, a lot of time is the worst. The scum we're talking about. The more babies they be making. Okay. But don't confuse this guy with the facts. That when you got a lot of kids out there who are Come from family like that. Who haven't been taught that if it's between right and wrong. At least let's make sure that they don't have bombs. That they don't have guns. They don't have hand grenades. Let's do the best we can to make sure that that's not possible. But oh, God forbid we should do that because then any starts with a cliche. Should I? Why did I let him go beyond that? Guns don't kill people. Okay. Soon as I hear the guns don't. That's it. That's like saying nuclear weapons don't kill people. Crazy governments kill people. Would nuclear weapons. So why do we why do we want to do a way with nuclear weapons for Christ? See, I wish we wanted to do that. I mean, I think I was reading newspapers today, but there's still a little bit concerned about Russia. The why two K-problem. I mean, it's say, oh, six, seven, eight months away. Whatever it is now. But they're not so sure about those nuclear warheads they got over there. And why two K-problem is a little bit of concern. Like maybe we ought to send some people over there with a IQ larger than their thumbnail and help work that problem out for them. Just so we don't blow the world up when we change the date on the calendar. And then all the lunatics will be saying, oh, we told you, Armageddon's coming. Told you so. Here's a candle. Hello. The world will be a much better place if everyone had a gun. You know that? Oh, yeah, right. But listen, a change of topic. What a great game to have tonight, huh? The Maple Leafs and the Fires. Yeah, huh? 560, 150560, call up a lot of the sports. There's been a lot of hockey experts on this station. Okay. You know what you know about the Maple Leafs and the Fires put together. You wouldn't know Maple Surfer, Pant your mama stuck it inside your back dome. Okay. 560, 150560, Pant 560, animal mobile online. These last couple days, even though I didn't watch you some hockey last night with the alligator arms. I mean, I just for some reason I have less patience than usual for the sports nerds. You know, it's just not on my mind. It's an amazing Colorado that can't select. They moved the games. The first two games of the series from Denver, Out to San Jose. They rearranged that whole series. They canceled a nuggets game. They canceled two Colorado Rockies baseball games. And like I said, if it would have been the time of the year when the Denver Broncos would have been playing, you know, the National Felen League, they would have had to go along with it because, you know, it's more important than life. I'm just, I'm just not thinking too much about ball games right now, you know? Especially when I read for about these gun huggers, these crazy gun people. Or help in the destroy this country and making it into a slaughterhouse where every single day, somebody in this country picks up a gun. I'm not talking about the scum bags that are there. It's a whole separate issue. I'm talking about innocent, the kids and others. Oops. Sorry. All too late now. You need a driver's license to drive a car. Like I said, I'll say it over and over again, but to have a gun in the house. All you got to do is be able to go out and buy one. That's all. Just have enough cash to buy one. Or maybe somebody would give you one. But hey, let's have make it easy to get concealed gun permits. Then we can all like hey, you get pissed off over parking space in the, you know, in the supermarket. There you go. At the mall. Get out of that space mother effort. Because we know that the American people are, you know, for real, a calm is not a violent bunch of people. Three calm, rational reasonable. No kids, psychotic, over stuff that's like meaningless, you know? Here's a mobile and color read, chill out. Anyhow, are you? Okay, sir. Listen, you know, I agree with you. I mean, not just through your rap, but I'm a gun owner, but I would, if someone said tomorrow that there has to be, you know, a license for it and psychological testing and range testing, I would be all for it. In the race, race the age, small number five. You think the NRA would be all for that? I don't care. I don't care. I mean, no. I don't care. I mean, it's a responsibility. I really, I take very seriously. But the thing is this, I think it's, I also think it's way too easy. It is way too easy. Another thing I wanted to say, I'm driving down the prometta day. First time I've been in that area, and I hadn't pulled off the side of the road. Whoever put up the billboard for sunny herds, I mean, they're mentioned. I mean, I had to stop, you know, I take a glance. I don't even see the guy in, you know, in little black and white photos. Sometimes in the paper and the IOD thing. But, you know, as DICCC is face, I don't know if you, you're aware of that. Yeah, something called about yesterday. It was a nice, nice touch. Yeah, it was very nice. You know, I mean, God bless the new version of. Okay. And God bless you, Neil. And have a great day. And don't sneeze again. I'm a 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. I mean, that, this is one of the reasons that I gave up doing that kind of talk years ago, because I, I are arguing these things with people who are boneheads. I mean, it's like a religion thing. I just do that because it agitates a lot of people, and because somebody needs to say it. Something needs to say the truth. But arguing guns in America, I mean, like, it's like saying, well, that's, that's been professional sports. Yeah, right. What's, uh, not, let's make an illegal to fire off firecrackers on the fourth of July, huh? I think that's ever going to happen? No, no. That means the end of the fourth of July. No. Let's make an illegal to drink beer on the holidays, you know? No. No. What's, uh, here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Yeah, I was going up. How you doing, sir? I think that movie for somewhere, somebody said something about movie called Heather. So I haven't seen it. But somebody said a movie called Heather's that might have been something. No, the basketball diaries, I'm sure, but it was a dream sequence. You was having a fantasy scene. Well, fantasy scene. But nevertheless, that's what they showed us. You know, okay, I'll get French quote, probably as flat. Corrections. One of the Howard Piles I called Esther. Howard is not anti-gone. Howard has a few guns in a firm. If whoever becomes on the show, he'd have never go with you. You mean you don't have a gun. Don't you get a predictor, so this is not whatever. And, uh, today, of course, I don't get listen. I don't listen to somebody because they agree with all my opinions. That's his business, whether he has a gun or not a few responsible, but I don't have a problem with that. But to, but to pull the stunt that he had this guy do on a day one, just think of yourself as a parent, okay? You're sitting there. You're terrified. You're scared, crap. Or think of yourself as one of the kids in the school, okay? Who's watching, who's hiding and cowering and watching. They had a teeny-setting every room. They had one kid call from inside the school. And, and, and, and they inject this in the middle of it like there's something funny about this. Yeah, understand. What happens if they don't see a thing or say that George is going to start with her. How it has started there? When they're funny would be if they were playing the same kind of, you know, if they played that car on the air, then the letter is starting here. It will not have funny as a daughter would think it's the, but I'm sure they cleaned that part up and they wouldn't let her, let her hear that part. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, our class, uh, what's your choice? Okay. Thanks, too. What's going to happen with that radio drop in your opinion? Oh, the radio drop. Yeah, the radio play by play now. I think, I think, obviously Goldie, based on his pinching performance, has got to be considered as a serious candidate. One thing about Steve Goldstein, I think you'll agree with the Joe. You don't better than anybody at all seriousness. I respect the work that the Steve Goldstein puts in. Be it preparing for a panther radio broadcast. I've had the fortune of working with Joe at QA, or not with Joe, but the Goldie on the OAM. And Joe, I think I think that Goldie's a hard worker, and I really respect that. And I think he's got to be considered the next. Well, you have been strong. How you going, man? I got a basket of shoes. That's that. That's that. No, fund us looking. That's that. That's that. Fund us for God. Who were out the moon, my an offer to suck and offer to suck and offer to suck. Oh, so you're asking me, uh, why does he do that? It's just his nature. It's like a leech that attaches, not Brian Leach. At least I did attach his itself to your like shoulder, your neck. It's his nature. Like a vampire. Like Bella Lagosie. Why does he suck blood? It's in his, it's his nature. It's his way. It's his thing. And remember, thing is being an askister. Good guy, but a real askister. How about tomorrow night? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Oh, he just said Joe. As he turns red in the face. It was just a joke. Oh, yeah, right. Here's a lady mobile and candle. Hello. Yeah. Hi. Yes, man. I'm doing great. I totally agree with you, Neil. This is becoming the wild wild west all over again. Everybody wants to have a gun. Everybody wants to use it at that's for the moment. And nobody's being responsible for these kids. For these guns that they're, they can get faster than any of you that they can get drugs. And God forbid anybody should talk about that because then we get all the, you know, the gun lovers, we get to all the cliches like that Jack asked parent before. Oh, guns don't kill people. Yeah, there's a guy. I can't think for himself. All he is is mind is filled with cliches that somebody else, he didn't there. He's scary as a parent. Yeah. I hate to see how he treats his kids. But in any case, He's been an eye. Are advocates on. We hunt the three four months a year that it's allowed here in Florida. We go out of state, go to Texas. And we're not parents. And we have a big day. Well, what about the hunt? We hunt. We hunt a goose quail. Nucks. Yeah. The year. And you know, you're hunting. You're hunting all the other shooting. Bambi. Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. Be bound. These guys. It's hanging on my wall. Four Bambi. But in any case, we are responsible hunters. All our hunting equipment is locked in a big safe that even I put in it. And you know, it's just these parents want to be protected. They think, hey, somebody breaks in. And, will somebody buy that one or that one. Akeh something happen. 95 percent of the time the gun is not used for anything. But you know, kids try to be curious. You're not going to catch a burglar in your house. Very, very easily. Let me ask you this. What kind of an imbuswu? I mean, if you're that kind of a person that leaves guns in any kind of a place. In a drawer on locked on unsecured somehow that your kid can get ahold of it. What kind of a person does that? How irresponsible can that person possibly be? They've done a lot of this. They've done pretty well. Those people ought to be castrated immediately just to make sure they don't make any more babies. Yeah, I think we'll be done all set yesterday that mothers should get together. Everybody gets together against the X-ray and put a lot of tougher regulations on guns, especially handguns, and things are easily accessible. No, is that before after she said there was a jury springer's fall? Well, now. That was flying up there. You're rational, you're rational, you're rational. You're rational, you're not. Right. Yeah, but I think that's going to be a lot of things. Okay. You know, the other side of it is that we all need to watch each other's kids. There's parents that are just too busy and unfortunately both parents have to work nowadays to support the family. And we're not sometimes taking care of our kids and looking after them. And as neighbors as parents as cousins, we have the responsibility to watch us over somebody else's kid. We see some weird behavior. Yeah. So we all need to pay. I mean, hearing that, I'll be very slow. And we're going off in the neighborhood with these two kids. What do they think it was? The fourth in July, like it was practice. Honestly, how can not know anybody not notice that these kids had a problem? I mean, the head of the wet fight, you know, Hitler's birthday is something where a test is going to happen. They threatened the one kid that we're going to kill him last year and nobody day anything about that. They didn't want to put up a billboard saying, guess what? We're going to do something really grow test. And everybody said, yeah, okay. Yeah, there were so many signs. And I can't believe nobody cared. And it's been a responsibility. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. How does that handle? Okay. Okay. Just before he takes his last breath. Oh, I'm sorry, baby. Poor man. Oh, he's dead. Okay. 560, 560. I mean, how can people shoot a deer? And then they come on, oh, yeah. Why do you know, the overpopulation problems we're doing them a favor? They had no overpopulation problem in China too. Did we go over in shoot them all? I'm not going to tell you what George said. I won't repeat it. I'll just pretend I didn't hear it through the glass. I heard it. Okay. Let's go to a Miami. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I agree that a big part of the problem is guns, but I think the bigger part of the problem is that these kids have access to a mainstream education. But what does that mean? Well, clean stream education. The two kids in Colorado were arrested or they broke into a car. When should you stop doing like that? It's taking them to a special school. Don't let them in a school with normal well-abiding kids. So, in other words, they've got to kill some kids in a special school without your saying. What I'm saying is, like the kid in Kentucky brought a gun to school one time and they let him back in the school. You're serving his school. Sir, you're absolutely correct. You should never have been let back in a school. And a million years, you're right. And if you put these kids in a school, he's been put in a juvenile hall somewhere. You're right. They're just kids in a school with each other. They just kill themselves. Let's deal with these kids in a school with each other. They just kill themselves, less jail space we need 20 years from now. OK, great. Thanks. Lottama. Let's see. Well, I said before. That's the way he got to it. Yeah. Put them in a school with other punks. You know, they broke into a car. They deserve to be shot, right? No. Cance implicitly. Why are we doing this? Why am I doing this to myself again today? I wouldn't even brought this up other than from that facts from this John guy. About all, if you woke up at a big young black guy, I would have black schemas. you're white and out the you're white and out the part of that expression. I mean if I was white guy with a black skew man's getting a six inch knife I wouldn't be concerned about that. What's that? It's first time ever saw a medium hand you think it wasn't the check. What is that? Flexible spending account benefit thing. Oh by the way George is getting this 200 buck I'll play the month thing on his check this week. I've got it already got it. Did Bluff get his this net? No. No. No. Okay whoever's got George in the office pool you win. If you bet on dust desk well you lose. But he's got that too little height here in there. Get down on your hand and he's and lick my boots. Oh. R-E-Z-T-I-O-N. If you're record time. Oh right. I've got to check up my shoes. Drop off my dress. If you bet when I see you dead. Yeah. I'll bring in R-E-Z-T-O. Yeah. It's for my mouth. I want to merge in every hand on top of you and take it out by lubricated boots too. Get the N-R-E-Z-T-O-N. No. No. No. R-E-Z-T-I-O-N. I want to drink your ball. I want to laugh quietly out of you and you do a dirty headpan. I'll give it a blow. Here's a morning issue. Let's take it. Let me shut down the mood. Take up and sum up. I'll wrap on with the round. You're closing too. And make your wonderworm explode with food. That's on my red, uh, anti-sundice circumstance. R-E-Z-T-I-O-N. I want to drink your ball. Maybe you're working. Tony, she'll be looking at a little bit. Jeff is not over here to pick it up. And they're able to eat lots and lots of pizzas for our friend because the ad daughters is bringing your daughter to work day. And Sabrina's here and Jeff, uh, a high-s' daughter is here. And Greg, Greg, Greg, we'd like to see you. Greg, we'd like to see you. Don't start with Jeff. I'm making noises about him and all that stuff. And about how he's daughter put on that bratty act over there at Paxon. And about all that other stuff you always talk about. Same old stories, even though they're true. But nevertheless. So we got a dilemma there. What are we going to do about that? Can't get a little bit of a joke. Tony, you know. Who will call him, he might be listening to. Yeah, look, Jeff, a lot of five minutes. Call us in if he might be listening. Now we're going to get a whole the pony tail. And if not, we're going to have to get a whole bunch of pizzas from someplace else. And if he's a little bit busy with his mobile phone, he didn't work. Maybe he's at the gym again. Maybe he's over to Jeff Irmer's. Maybe he took Jeff out to lunch. You know, he said, how about tomorrow? Alcohol, things in town. You know, maybe they're out, uh, you know, doing that together. Here's the facts that's kind of interesting. He says, I think it's interesting that all the gut huggers and religionists in the matter of fact. Most right wingers need to refer to anecdotes in order to prove their alleged point. Such as the fact you received, would say, if somebody busted your home a three-ay am, instead of in so on, wouldn't you wish you had a gun then? Or if you knew you were dying in a misdemeanor, actually, you would say, Jesus, etc. And so on, they need to fall back on the anecdotes because they have no facts. It's a matter of fact, all the facts are against them. Yes, sir, right? And it goes on and on. Yes, sir, you're right. But don't confuse them with the facts because they don't want to hear from the facts. They don't know from the facts. Another facts. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and Western. Hello. Yes, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Good. My call earlier the week and explain to you briefly how idiotic some of these callers are that call in here. And that last call. You don't have to explain that to me. Yeah, that was a perfect example of the last caller. I know a good call from a bad caller. I'm still waiting for a good call. Well, here's a good call for you. The reason, let me address this, sir. I don't mean today. I mean, period. Go ahead. This issue with the guns and the kids. I really think the main problem with this. And there's so many different follows. What's the main problem with this? Is the families of today don't communicate with their kids anymore? Their parents, if they have to work, they don't have a relationship with their parents, their grandparents. You know, they, my parents had a part of my life. Everything that I did, my parents had a part of my life. I couldn't, I couldn't go into my basement if I had one. And sneak 30 bombs down there and make them. Put out my parents don't anything. I couldn't let alone sneak a girl in my room for 10 minutes. You know, but the problem with this is, there's no commitment. There's no communication with families anymore. When regards to the handguns, there's no way you're going to have to eliminate them. It'd be a help if they pass laws to help it out a little. But, you know, the most secure place, supposedly in the US nowadays, is our jail system, supposedly. Okay? And they're able to sneak things in, guns, knives, form gangs, whatever you want to call it, they're able to do it in there. So there's no way to ever eliminate any of that kind of stuff. But, you know, passing laws will help. It starts in the families and the religion, whatever religion it is, they need to be involved in as well. No, religions really do a great job on it. Well, I'm not saying that I'm not saying there are, but I think it helps to form some kind of base there. No only with the family, but with your religion, whatever religion you need. I think, sure, I couldn't disagree with you more. I don't think there religions that anything they would know that you don't chew people. It's just plain common sense. It just common decency. All the brainwashing, all the religious bullcraft doesn't change anybody. No, it doesn't. And, you know, I don't even have kids yet, and you know, when, I don't know what I'm going to do when I do. It's really ashamed. Okay. But thank you, Albert. You have to see it the passport office. 560, 550, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. First of all, I want to let you know, I don't know. I'm not going to agree with you 100%. But who is going to stop this? If our government steps in and puts this up, it's going to, It's going to drop as they did with the drug situation. When steps, it would that. They do a good job when they try to stop alcohol. They try to prohibition. I think that it's going to stop the guns. What they're going to do is create a nature black market because it's going to be there. My life like we don't already have one. We already have one. It'll be worse. It'll be worse. It'll be worse. You don't know. I don't think you can eliminate all this crap. I never said we ought to eliminate all this crap. What I did say is that people have to be responsible for them. If they're not, they're going to have to be a telehealth accountable for whatever happens. If you buy a gun and you leave it out in your kid blows his brains out or somebody else, you're going to have to be held accountable for it. I'm trying to figure out how well these inner city kids have all these guns available. Like down here, while we're driving by shooting the crap like that. And who's these? They're not getting him from their parents. Yeah. Who's these? I don't understand where he's recovered from. So I think it's going to be probably where I think our country's two-fog honor ready. It's really ashamed. And I'm welcome to end my daughter's at a school already. It's getting worse and worse and worse. We're in a successful. I don't know what that was going to happen here. Okay. I'll see you on the plane. 5.6705. 60. 5. 60. On the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Andy, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I got an novel idea here. According to the constitution, we have the right to bear arm. Nothing says in the constitution. You have the right to bear bullets. So they were strict to say, okay, great. Bullets guns. There's a gun. Don't kill people. Bullets kill people. Right. That's a good point. Oh, boy. He's got a point. He's got a real point. How old point? 5.6705.60. Pound 5.60. On the AT&T Wireless Line. Let's go on Kielsen Dear. Come on. Let's shoot, Andy. I'll be some fun. Let's go out and shoot some deer. I'm surprised. You know, I'm surprised Santa Claus can still get around. I'm surprised somebody in chat. Those reindeer yet, you know. That poor Rudolph. I wonder he keeps kissing so much. No, is someone who's brewed off the brown nose reindeer now. Maybe that's rumors thing, you know. Maybe he learned from Rudolph. If you just kiss enough cottage cheese and you'll be safe all the time. Maybe that's what that's all about. 5.6705.60. Pound 5.60. On the AT&T Wireless Line. Guns, don't kill people. Bullet's kill people. Excellent, sir. Not bad. I like it. There's nothing there. It says we have to have loaded guns. You can have guns even though it says well. We're going to be in militia. But you can have guns just no bullets. I like it. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. Listen. I own guns. Okay. I've been 100% agreement with you though. Okay. I used to be a member of the NRA. Okay. I don't remember the NRA anymore. Yeah. Why is that? Because well, a couple of years ago when they came out with a Brady Bill, the NRA turned around and they would just flat out against the day. Now I agree that it's kind of a feel good law. But if it would say just one or two lives, say why not? The law of biting citizen, they shouldn't have a problem with the Brady Bill. I don't have a problem with it. Another thing was, if you remember Bob Dole, he was pushing for, what was it? He didn't want plastic guns or something, right? And he was with the NRA. And I said, well, he's that's right. He said that plastic guns should be allowed. Why would you want a plastic gun, right? So somebody would end to interview Bob Dole and they snuck in a plastic gun. And he was like, can he pull that out? He was like, see, I could get this in there without the metal detectors. And Bob Dole, you know, he was all I raped and stuff. But the NRA came out and they were like, well, you can't be strict plastic guns, you know? They were fanatical society, basic. They're gun lovers. They don't really, I mean, they don't deny it. But they don't want any restrictions on guns. They can't deny it. And everybody could have a holster on your hip, you know? And just like the old while west, that's what they want. But see, I agree with you 100% that if you two own guns, you have to have them locked up and you have to take responsibility. But let me say it again. This is like a dog chasing its tail. The American public collectively are not responsible enough to be trusted with guns. They aren't, they just can't do it. Yeah, well, you know, you have so many of them. I mean, I learned like I said yesterday, when you give the keys to a car to a six year old kid, of course not. And that's what they've done with the guns in the hands of these American people. They're lunatics. They're irresponsible. You know, I'm all for like I said, you know, there's gotta be some kind of testing or anything for you know, because these people, they don't have a felony, but don't go out and first of all, they shouldn't even have kids. But they have guns sitting in the house with the kids. Yeah. And the kids will go ahead and get a hold of it, you know, and they're never a single day, every week of your life, there are kids killing themselves in each other with that he's gone or somebody's gone. But that was laying around. Every day, you have to say to yourself, these people shouldn't be parents because I have a two year old daughter. And I wouldn't want to just stick her hand on a light socket. So I put things there so they protect it. Well, I sure take care enough about them. Not to leave a loaded gun around. But these people they just don't think about. It's the first of all, they shouldn't be parents. Yeah. They're not responsible enough to have it. It's definitely they're not responsible enough to have guns. So believe me, not all going on those disagreements. Okay. Okay. I have a good one. You know, Rosie, you're done on May, I've had a bit of a point. You know, she didn't realize it. I think what we do on how we solve this, part of the problem. We go around, syrup tissue, you know, knocking on people's doors and if they're watching Jerry Springer, immediate forced sterilization, right on the spot. Huh? That would solve a lot of the problem. No questions asked. Yeah, we have like a little team of doctors. Okay, come on in guys. Here we go. Snip. Here's a mobile on the alley, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I, first time caught on, I'll be a show. Uh-huh. My point on guns is we're afraid to educate our children on on curiosity. I mean, kids are going and getting these guns because they're curious. If we go ahead and educate our kids on what the dangers of guns is, and those guns are that do all guns. Take the data to the range and show them what there are capable of. I think we'll eliminate curiosity for them. Yeah. Number two, I think that the government knows that we're all bunch of lunatics. And I personally think that we don't put there are emphasized more restrictions on guns because it's more or less like population control. We've got to be able to get to the point. It is. Yeah, you got to look at this way. I would go for eliminated. Where while I, I would black for reading killed our blacks to whites for the kill the whites, you know? Yeah. We, we, we, we, we've been all populated. Well, I mean, that's an idea. If we got, if we got neighborhood that are over populated, maybe the government can just go in the hand out guns. Sound of the problem pretty fast. Oh, baby, it's not so much hand out guns, but yeah, hand them out. That's not what it is, it's about, I think. Okay, thanks. There you go. That's going to solve our overpopulation problem. Man, so I'd easy it and tell people to stop thinking so many babies and the things like plant parenthood, which just decided that sounds like a county, pinko conspiracy to me, right? And that a county, pinko? Oh, yeah, plant parenthood. I'm feeding message with furnished by the NFS. National fellingly. Thank you. It's a lot of thirty watt of five sixty killed. We got Hank Goldberg at two. We got Kibbobo, Kampo at six. At Kampo and I 10 o'clock. Oh, you odd done things that haven't been invented yet. So we're getting food from my animals. Is that what it is? Because we probably tried pony tail, but again, I'm two days in a row. You're right. That would be a little bit too much pressure on him. Great guy, by the way, Jeff Cohen. Got some wild stories. He'll tell you if he promised not to repeat him. Here's a Del Ray Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sure. Listen, I got two reasons. Number one, I'm sick of these hunting people. There's no reason to be hunting. This is 1990. Yeah, but Bambi needs some attention. You know, you're hunting. You go crossbow bow and arrow. There's no reason to have a rifle that can shoot from 300 yards. Yeah. You know what I mean? I mean, it's ridiculous. There's no reason for that. And another quick statement is Wayne. What are you saying? I don't want to shoot him from 300 yards. What would your crossbow? What do you do? Like 50 feet away? Yeah, well, whatever. You can get the use of crossbow. Get up real close and look at him. I don't know where he's wanted for you. Yeah. I mean, there's no reason to have guns. There really isn't. Yeah. No, it's not. You don't want to fight. There's no reason to have bombs. There's no question to have guns. You're going to be a human-f and race for him. And that's the way we are. Exactly. Like I was in the movie. But the hunting excuse is just it's washed out. It's just ridiculous. Okay. I got a statement for Wayne. Yes, sir. Another thing is when he made that press conference when he said that he would not play. If they built him in a arena in Broward. Right. And he would never write so far. He would never lie. Okay. Thank you. Oh, there's the call of the air right there. Excellent point. They will not play there. Maybe that's the reason because they haven't played a look at that arena. And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down. Okay. If Broward County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility. Yeah. I will not play here. Neither will you team again. Because I will not have you guys. Look at that me for the next 10 years saying here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. Okay. So I guess we're screwed for like at least another nine years anyway. Then we can say it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50 on the 18 T. Where does line? That must be a John Hennis daughter. I will say John, I want to say that. How you doing? And there's Carlos and everybody. We got the whole. So what's the deal? We got food coming in here for about 40 minutes. 40 minutes. We got what? We are coming in. Let's hear. But it makes me very sad because it makes me think that we won't be seen our good friend Murray. You think he's in heaven now? He's in that fast food restaurant in this guy. Number in fatso. He's in heaven now. I wasn't in a pan okay. It's the, uh, nephew who is the pan okay, seven. I'm not talking about Murray Jesus. I mean, see, I mean, I'm not going to go into it. I'm not going to go into it. I'm not going to go into that again because then that guy will call you. You're promoting your anti religion agenda. I got so many agendas man about to hurry up and talk fast. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, the arrested for students in Carolau from morning for coming in with trench coats. I mean, I'm wearing it. It's quite a school near Denver. And what high school near Denver? The high school's closed there. Good luck. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT and Bobbabouway, by the way. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. How's the Neil? How are you doing? Okay, sir. Good. I wanted to back to a caller that called, like, I guess about five or six calls ago. And he made the statement. He'd like to know where people in the inner city and all of these people are getting guns and them from. There's a living on another planet. Yes. He must because you've talked about it. It's been in the papers millions of times. Yeah. That what he's done comes from are the gun shows. What you don't have to go through a background chat. Yeah. Or the gun. Walking with your cash money. You can pick up anything under the sun. I wouldn't be surprised. They probably went by the end of the year. We probably need to buy our own nuclear weapons right over the internet. Okay, sir. There he goes. He's a little worked up and rightfully so I was gun shows. You know, like I said, they run those spots on the show for those gun shows. And I want to make sure you understand. I have no control over that whatsoever. And I've always made very, very clear that I find the public, the whole concept with that crap. And nevertheless, you know, the gun lovers got to have some outlaw somewhere. Five, six of. And I noticed by the way, can Jenny, why you're busy bust in these swing clubs and everything else where somebody might be touching itself. You know, the gun clubs. You know, the gun shows. Because guns are good. Although I'm way too much. Finds out there are foul extible. Any might get really pissed off about that. You might get porked off about it. Fashes to sure if Ken Jenny. Oh, what a what a loser he turned out to be, huh? Amazing. You know, before they get in there, it's like, oh, they're one thing. Like Alex Pina. He's going to make sure Mickey Eris and don't get her free ride. We're not going to do that. And all of a sudden, it gets elected. And by the big, he makes a quick right turn. That's the pass. Wow, you know, he's pan for the arena yet. For the building of the arena, who's going to pay for it for the next 100 years, huh? Here's a lady in adventurer, hello. Oh, this this phone is the look at that. Four times I had to put my finger on it and the phone too. Here's a lady in adventurer, hello. Good morning. How are you? Okay. I feel too keen where to role models. I feel in my day. Our parents. You mean where she's so calm, Jim? Well, we're examples of what to follow today. The parents are in big drinks. They take drugs. They don't. To this for their children, you have your athletes. You can't even look up to your athletes. Look, Dennis, we're admin. They're all store there. How about the one that you took to scote? You move these stores in my day if they had an affair or something. They might have Hollywood. What's this with all the shall we say? A fatherless children. But that's American. That's what I'm talking to. The priorities of this country are upside down. The so-called sports fans of America, the go back to the latrine, the street wells of the world. We had a call in yesterday admitted because he signed with the next, which he just got for its fine 25 grand, for opening his mouth and make it stupid comments about wanting to be traded. But nevertheless, he went to his team. So all of a sudden he roots for him. See, I can't buy that. And my ring scum, you're right. And my ring scum, it filters down to the kid. What kind of a message does that send to the kid? You can't get your back as a good thing. You can't even look up to the preaches. I'll leave one set of been arrested. How about even, there's an end you can't look up to? Who? The president you can't look up to. What role does that mean? The president you can't look up to. The president you can't look up to. What role does that mean? The president you can't look up to. You can look up to him. You're right. But I have to be standing. And really, and I think the way the children dress today in school has a lot to do with their attitude. Also, I think uniforms are good. I don't know what it is. I don't know. You know uniforms. I'm sorry. We've parted company on that. No uniforms. It brings it conjures up those images of the little brown shirts and Germany to Hitler. You know, because you put somebody in a certain kind of clothing, it doesn't change what's in your mind. How about a dress coat? How long are you here, too? I agree with that. And I still want to know how come a bunch of punk's in black trench coats. We're allowed to come to school every day. Well, I don't know what kind of a school is that? I don't think that's to detail it or a night. My heart goes out to that. I'm least pleased with judge me on that. But I don't think the families paid attention. Perhaps the families of these children... Well, somebody had their head in a ground. Somebody was building the ostrich routine. Well, what about their families? Are they neo-nazis? They allowed their children to have plasticists in their room? We will find out. I think it's very scary. We're number one in murderous country in the world. Right. And we're the richest country in the world. We're going to be number one in something. We're number one. There they are. Have a great day, Sweetie. Bye-bye. We're number one. God damn it. If it only happens to be in murdering each other. Why do you have to be number one in something? Right. There is. The media is sick. A meat-top dad. There's. There's. There's. There's. There's. There's. There's. There's. There's. There's. There's. We call the Cland and throw them the sounds. We die on a deep dry spot at all. We love to sing the dirt in the campaigns. We pray in our adventure. On the fruit, your next birth's merge. And remember only you would just have to pray. All of you. Just tell us on a jack. He hates a nice guy, cut the slack. And fall the Jones as I knew post your game. Boo. We saw the Elk of the Sun. All the saddest bloods just clums. And I think that that's the chair that was his name. We're. We're right. And we should change him. We find a portion, Cland and everything. And we've left the soul. We're lost free-wine. And firmly tension. Here's our thing. There you did. Of course we leave where I. Yeah. We all love the Candra Reds the same. And hate the case. And cheese the same. And fear the things that we don't understand. The Richard Nixon was like us. Well, it's safe to stop the fuss. So I pray we all should give our the big affair. Yeah. And I, six, will be in swing. And beat the damn flag around me, King. We'll jump and let and blue just keep the white. And let them fall spread us straight. Just don't let them near your place. And don't let them fall both both in to the right. We're in where I. And we're changing. We find a portion, Cland and everything. And we're in where I go. Are you? We're mostly white. And firmly tension. And truth about things. And you're still going to be in the wind. Like that. We're going to get not keep dripping. They had 10 hits. Well, 47 at 560WQAM on a really bizarre Thursday. That's all I can say. It's bizarre. Yeah. I'm just feeling bizarre. 560560, 0560, 0560, 0880, or else. I mean, we should be talking about important things. You know, like the NFL draft post-mortem. Here's a mobile and for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, got. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Beat your hunters. They are up just to pay in the ass. What is the first. That's what Bandie said. Yeah. Exactly. You imagine you're just out there grazing the old grass. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What is one for your bandie? Here's another one just in case. It's like hunting a big dog or something. It's not that much of a sport or talent. I just wonder what kind of a person that takes the shoot a deer. Yeah. Seriously. What's your look? When you're like this is down across the table. I mean, maybe far across the table. And look at person that I haven't gotten shoot a deer. I mean, I'm not going to be such a hypocrite. I've ate it before a group of Michigan. I know you did some time in Michigan. I think I have any time in Michigan. Wow. You know what I mean? You know how popular it is up there with them. Grages up there. Those deer are killers. Yeah. I've had it. Your killers, baby killers. I know the question. I was like, how was it the idea? Take a look. It depends on how you cook in the beginning. Yellow, Jamie. Not yellow. Window part. Do you ever want to Stanley Cup? Window part. No. I didn't think so. Okay. And Charlie, I know. I don't want to hear his name. I can't stand any mixed meal. I can't stand it. Steve, you guys have been head to a class type by that. Oh, who do you? And like Brian Murray said, two baddies, two small. They would be a great player at Steve Giorgio. Yeah. I'm going to Brian. I think they call him BM. Okay. Go these go pal. There you go. You want to get sidetracked on that hockey stuff. That buffalo auto game pretty good last night. Dominic Cash. He made a one in particular. But he made several saves that were spectacular. But one that was just unbelievable. Like on a two on one situation right in front of the pass at across the Wulimov to the open man on the other side. He got over there. I have no idea how. Why? It just unbelievable. He is spectacular. The dominator, the whatever he is. But you don't care about that. No, no. You're still worried about, you know, did the bears get a running back. Okay. Oh, don't get yourself started talking about that stuff again. You're going to get very aggravated. Okay. No, seriously. I'm picking up myself. Talk about narrow casting even of the sports nerds. How many people listening to this radio station during the sports hours? Could really give a flying crap. If they got there, Minnesota Vikings or the Chicago Bears got a, you know, free of the sports. If they got a whatever they got. How many people were narrowing it down to a precious few? It's a miracle. We get the numbers we do on this station. Because they let these colors call in with such narrow, narrow like, who cares? So those guys play here anywhere around here? No. I see. I'm going to carry the way. You're right. Okay. So we need more teamwork. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. You know what I'm supposed to go. You know, you're supposed to go to the school. You're supposed to go to school. Yeah. Yeah. Like you're last caller, you know, trying to tell everybody what to do, what to think, what they can do. All right. So it's like, right when Laco is telling everybody what to do. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. We can read. No. That's what you're trying to put out. No. So that is what we try to put out. That's the fact. I mean, you can say this. And people will just laugh at you. Anybody with a brain or that's not true. Yeah. Yeah. All the left is right now. Hold no doubt about it. Don't let that right. The right is left and never the toilet. There you go. That's right. It's all those leftist. Comey. Pinko. Those are the ones in video. Everybody's bedroom is trying to sense her movies and books, burning books, burning down abortion clothes. Those are all left wingers, right? Huh? Am I right? Yeah. And this guy was serious. That's the best part. You know, see, again, you're just another. You're another one of those clones, pal. They must stand. You want an effect rate. An ideal. You know, a right wing or a left wing or a middle wing or a no-winger, a center of defensemen. We can use a good center by the way, the Panthers. Let's get Marty's stock of back. I said to remember last night, how do you like to have a stock of back. It's center between Ray Whitney and Pavel Burradi said, yeah. Of course, he just asked us or anyway, so he might not like that idea. You know, Jeff Irmer? What's going to happen with that radio job on your? Here's a mobile in the cable. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. For these people that leave a disc can't happen in their school. I'm sure you remember that. That can be believed that that they shooting won't happen in the school. I believe that now at this point, now that we know can happen. I know people that says, well, they're just isolated and certain she goes. And not only did it happen in the school, but they were able somehow to plant these 30 explosive devices in the parking lot and most of them inside the school. How are they able to do that? What were they doing? Like in their after hours, how did they do this? Lack of lack of supervision. Something wasn't paying any attention. But what I was going to tell you that you remember back in 86. They had a shoot out of an old park high school. And that's where I went to school. I was there at the time. I can imagine what these kids are going through. I was on the other side of the concourse when some kid because he got an F. Lule the Dean, blue away a cafeteria worker, shot a huge resource officer and wounded two students. And you know, I still think about that even now. Every time I see one of these things, I just cringe. Kids with guns. Kids with guns. I mean, can you think of anything scarier in the world? And kids with guns. They said maybe kids with nuclear weapons would probably won't be far off. Well, I could tell you what also is just that. I'm from Arkansas and Virginia. And up there, believe or not, they are, they wonder why because actually petition the state legislature's guilty use 8k 474 deer hunting animal hunting. Yeah. Why do you need that kind of firepower? How about an ozee? That's probably the next step, though. I mean, you don't want to just won't ban be a leave line there. Bleeding it, that would be cool in an unusual commissioner. I'm actually better in the dorm now. I guess they just want to blow away the rest of the deer soldiers. They're here to go. Well, hey, they make nice trophies on a man. I'll have a great life, sir. They look really good up there. They make a real butcher macho. And like, yeah, like people take home a big fish. You know, when they hang it up, they don't even eat it. They, you know, keep it as a trophy. Hey, look at this. I got me the big one. I got me the big one, man. Oh, man. See, guys, you really have a big one. That's, you know, they have a trouser trout. Because you don't have any trouser trout. They got to go out and get the big one with a fish hook or a gun. I mean, no. I don't care what you do. Within reason, just to leave reasonable people alone and animals, etc. Do no harm. Oh, I'm sorry. We can't do that. That woman before they call the buck going out hunting beer. She just, uh, He pressed the hell out of me. I mean, not that I'm naive or out that I, I mean, do what you want. Sweet, I just legal. And I hope you're sleep real well tonight. And the night's to come. I'm sure you do because it's, you know, it's in your blood. Shooting a little defensive, defensive animal. Like that. They actually defensive, defenseless, little animals. Beautiful animals like that. Shooting. Putting out of their misery because they're overpopulating. Well, they're overpopulating all over the world. So we go around shoot them too. Oh, somebody always suggested that. How about we stop you overpopulating the publicly pissed off, but other than that? See, one thing you failed to understand that only wants to talk about. Is this is a country I, you can remember, used to be a hundred million people. All of a sudden, I can remember the world used to be less than two billion people. Now there's five billion. It's teaming with people. And it's country that used to be a hundred million. Now it's 260 million people. It won't be long before it's 300 million people. Lots and lots more people. Lots and lots more problems. No resources. No time. No interest. No energy to take care of people and the problems. And we're looking at these things. So now we got like, teaming people. I'm so, I mean, it's just a numbers game. If you have a billion people, there's going to be some crazy people. There's going to be some dangerous people. But let's just keep reproducing like rabbits, like cockroaches. And let's just keep listening to all those fetus huggers. Oh my god, that fetus. The fetus lovers. The crazy people. Throwing themselves in front of, you know, buses in front of police. The patty wagon throwing themselves on the ground to save the, the nebulous unborn fetus. But the people who are alive, do they care about them? No. No. They have anything to say about the thing that happened in Denver? No. No. They only care about unborn life. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised to some of them are like saving some sperm. Huh? I'm not going to tell you where they're getting them. Or how? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. It puts the bullet in the tea. Yeah, okay, great. Very funny. Here's a Hollywood, hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. What kind of role model is the Faggot radio host? I don't know why you listening, sir. You're learning something about life from the show, sir. I'm learning about Faggot. Good. Well, you're in the great. We're going to be having several more of them, by the way, before the most of them for your neighborhood, by the way. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Haven't you heard? Haven't you heard? Hey, Neil. I heard you. Do you have Faggot to the gender of the HEPAGO and Jenny Don't Show, first? Pretty good, sir. Let me tell you something. You got some real winners calling up that guy with the population control series. That guy is really nuts, man. Yeah. You know, I, I, I, I, I, I hope this last book that just called he's a genius. Yeah, well, he's just a prejudicity. Let me tell you something. Uh, this country is, it's a wonderful country. I love this country. No, no, no, no, no. It's a slaughterhouse. It is not a one. Why do you like? You can't tell the say it's a wonderful country. It's a barbaric slaughterhouse. I'd say it was a campaign. Compare it like a lot of lies. Countries no wrong. We're here. Where have you been? Let me finish. I'm listening. Where have you finished? We suffer from one problem. Why do you want to answer that question? Where, what a copy of that answer it. Let me finish. Let me finish. We suffer from one problem. That is that we think we know everything. And we think we know how to do things right. We take a clue from European countries like England. Where pandons are illegal. Have you been there? Yes, I have. And the Bobby's walk around without guns and other things. There's no gun problems and it's a democracy. And people are living their lives. Yeah. We don't have a radical walk. They're no fear in the case. I would recommend it. But, say for yes. You know what I mean? Yeah, I know we can go. Thank you. Okay, 1257 and 560 WQN don't miss the biggest dot of the event of the air sea. Sir, I would let you go on. But we got important commercials to do now. And on this radio station commercials far super seed. Any stuff you may have to say. Even if you got the cure to cancer and the solution for all the problems in the world, we got to spots. Okay, sir. So I apologize. I'm not a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad man. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I'm a good guy. I'm laymen. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. Oh, off in that place. Oh, over there. Oh, off in that place. Oh, off in that place. Whoaries. I got a message. Oh, you're right. We got a message to bring to faith, to faith, to faith, to faith, to faith, to faith, to faith, to faith. Do! And all of the school pedagogies about the country, how you are standing on this, and stand out this, I feel a certain of our youth. You can do it by being about some personal education, and the subject of our ethics in general, but right now, we're all a deep, apricula, because it is only through enlightenment, but this approach can be what's up. All of the traffic in green is run, are all as close as we can scarcely estimate, as grown and as now establishing. It exists in almost every city and family in the country. I've received a letter of vital importance from a member of the North Cardiff School, and I'm going to read this letter to you. My dear doctor, Carol, the suppression of the use of marijuana, and the losses working behind it, are the most important jobs of this department is now engaged in. The weed marijuana is grown in every state of union. The drive-leason berries are ground up, and made into cigarettes by a simple hand machine. The deadly narcotic is rubber, quickly and easily prepared for its market. The sale of marijuana is even more difficult to detect in the heart, than the traffic in drugs such as copium, morphine, and error- or animal obituary. More deadly, even on these sole destroying drugs, is the nervous of marijuana. No doubt many of you do not believe that these foods do happen, but the power of happen to you. You may also believe that the facts have been exaggerated. Let me tell you something that happened right here in our own city. You probably went about the same thing. Do you wish you see the difference? Well, I put your welcome here to want to visit anybody up. We do have some great brownies coming in for all the kids in the building today. It's 12.04 at 5.60 WQAM. Huh? What's wrong with being a little brownie hunt? Okay, let's go back to the end. In fact, it's going to be tomorrow. They're going to be spoken to the wicked weed here in the building. Here's some on the ear. There's a mobile and four-later nail. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. My idea of gun control has been able to hit you target. Yeah, great. Okay. Here you go. Stand over. What an inspector. I'm shot, Neil. Thank you. 5.60 WQAM. 5.60 WQAM. Here's plantation. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. In fact, is the day? What is this? Interesting factor of the day. Now that Columbia Hospital can't steal from the government. Okay, 5.60, 0.50, 60, 0.50, 60 on a mobile one line. Retar, Zillettam, on for lunch hour, I think. It's the retard hour. Okay. Okay. Here's a day in your beach, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, you got a group today. But every day, Neil. So it makes it real exciting, man. Listen, which encounter will be today? Did you hear one of the solutions of the problem? I think Mr. Heston, did you hear what he had to say in the radio today? Mr. Heston? Oh, yeah. You were saying, huh? Yeah. You're saying that the school should have armed security guards now. Right. And the school is right. How about if every teacher is armed, that would be good? Well, the other thing is I can't. How about I got news for it? Let me ask you something because I mentioned about how, the first time I went to Rome, I saw the soldiers standing in the middle of the robber, the newsy on his shoulder. How about if we had an armed guard near the classroom standing right there with an oozy? That's what it sounds like. Yeah. What I can't understand is this panel. Yes. I mean, these people, the law enforcement, the educators, the guidance counselor, they almost have been in another star trek world or something. I mean, it just seems like how could they not have maybe the were listening to too much oblivious Newton John music that I knew to the problem. I think the status seems so close. They just seem like they had too many signs. You got to understand there are 1800 kids in that school. So like I said before, when you're dealing with the vast, massive numbers of games we are in America today, everybody's just another number. Whether it's at the bank at school or whatever it is, everybody's just another number. Well, I think that we should like spend our money on your old, the sick and and on young. Okay. All right, buddy. Okay, and I'm getting near a fast and I don't mean young. 560, 50560, pound 560, animal mobile one line. I mean, they got important stuff there. Like what Andrew Kahnam came down here. You know, before he shot Gianni Versauch, he's right here in the head. And also got that dove at the same time. And they go in the pawn shop, takes out his passport, gives him his real name, he signs his real name, gives him the address that the enormity hotel where he's staying at. And, you know, the thing goes to the police that sits there under the, I mean, I realized now they've changed that because it was bad publicity for that to get out. Just kind of sat around for a few days to let you get around to kind of looking at those things, all these things. Just overwhelmed, we're overwhelmed. It's a numbers game. Too many crazy people. Too many babies. Too many crazy babies. That's it. That's what America's all about. Just spawn out of control. And maybe that's why human life is so meaningless because we got so many more. I mean, you know, if they kill a bunch of kids, there's always a bunch more come along. Here's a mobile in Pembroke, time. Teller. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay. You listen. You know, guns are already out of control. And, you know, you were kidding when you said it, but you know, sooner the teachers are going to have to start carrying guns. And I think that would be a deterrent. Yeah, right. I think a poster on every shoulder would be the ass answer. That's the lovely cards. Right. Okay. Thank you. There you go. There's the answer. Folks, right here on the show, you heard it first. Just arm your teachers, baby. Kids rose a spitball. What do you mean? Again, I'll tell you that. Kid, the farce real bad in clan. Oh, please don't Johnny, we'll be doing that. No more sticking up the classroom. Huh? Yeah. Of course, we know that the kids would never like to get to gun away from the teacher. But, oh, well, you bad, that should be a better control in your gun. And let those little funky kids get a hold of it. I got a better idea. How about we let the kids and the teachers have guns? Now you're talking. Now you talk about the standoff and the not so okay, Karan. Crazy people. You got out. Double you, K.A. You got out. Double you, K.A. Where the back of the kids. I did this from Haydory, Kim, and the world of my cousin. With a legal baby move. Legal, what's the legal one for the day? The one is hung Joey. hung Joey. That's the 12 real popular means. And then, and then, and then. It's a talk 13 at 5.50WQ. I'm happy Thursday too. We got that. Goldberg show come on but too. We got that. We got the. I don't know. I don't know. I don't want to say I got the schedule for next week. But the one for this week like vanished. But uh, because then he'll be running in here again. Maybe he's not to lunch. Bluster. Crazy galore. Thank you. I'll be on it too. We got Kim Bo Kampower six. And Kaplan 10 tonight. No ball game today. Holland's lost again last night. Why not think there's anybody care about that? No. We'll be back home tomorrow. The break is anybody? No. Okay. Sorry. I don't know if you can go to the races to Marshall that really rock. He doesn't like ground things. But um, you know, I'm not 100 and I don't know any handguns. But I think there's a problem when people that like enjoy eating animals like I do like beef or chicken or whatever. Oh, yeah. Don't you understand they're lightly killed. I don't know. I thought would say they're lightly killed, man. No. I don't bring it in here. Don't let him come through that door. I don't want to see it. I don't want to know from it. Okay. Have a great day. Yeah, I love me. I love a great day. It roots. Somebody killed that damn, uh, steer, you know, somebody gave you a bum steer. I'm not saying that. But I'm saying, how can you go out? I mean, the animals, you know, they suck in the new and all of a sudden they chop their heads up. And they can smell the smell of death. They smell the death in front of mother on that line. Out there in Chicago and Kansas City. Come on. Come on. Come on. You got both guns. Both guns. Both guns. Power right in the head. They do. It puts a bolt into their head and pulls it back out again. I thought they chopped their head off eventually. Well, they don't say that right away. The bolt gun is, you know, it's air powered fast. Yeah. And what if they have bad aim? What if they, uh, all they better do it again? Do it again. And again, kind of like the bullfight to turn black. Or if that's a Spanish thing. Anyway, where were we going? Let's go. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Go free. They get put out the stud. They do. Yeah. And it happens off. How about the pickadour? He don't get that. Isn't that that's the Spanish glory holo's called a pickadour? Here's Miami. Hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Are you doing it? Okay. Uh, last color said you were, uh, more securing the school. Yeah. More cops. He said no. He said, uh, arm the teachers arm everybody. We've been on top. We already have a police state. Yeah. We've got to get the point. That's the point. This guy wants guns, teachers, students, cops, paramilitary. We have cops at school already. Skinheads, yeah. And then we got to the many cops. So we're downtown Miami. You can't keep a ticket for Jaywalk. Right. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. If they get paid. I don't know. If they get paid. I don't know. It's a police state. You better. You know, how can you be, um, force the abortion and then, uh, against gun? Who said forced abortion? Who said that? Yeah. Did you want to force their allusations? Okay. Force their allusations? Demolization pre-includes the need for abortion. I can be for that. And then, uh, against gun? Well, what does that mean? I mean, you're, uh, you're taking care of the population. Either way. Oh, I see. Okay. Thank you. Great. There you go. Good. Good concept. Yeah. Brilliant. We're going to be on the 156th of the animal one line. Genius. Another moron. Here's Kendall. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Uh, did you read today's Harold? Uh, as much as I could stomach. Yeah. Yeah. I just want to read you one last line here. Since here to clarify a point, which alleges that we need to focus on gun safety, we already do. The school system has a comprehensive circle curriculum for preventing gun violence, the material per se. He is the vice chairman of the school board. I mean, this is in date County. And he's the one to once a close school's up. So kids can't go up to uh, lunches, but he will have local vendors come to the fence so they can buy through the fence. Okay. I'll talk about the school. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Thank you. Whatever he said, the nature of per se is once one of your people. 560560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey how are we going? Okay. All right. The car yesterday was talking to you and him were talking about God and okay, you don't believe in God and you're saying whatever you're saying. You remember? Yeah. Okay. I got a few questions for you. Do you believe in God? No. Well, what? You just got to say I said I don't believe in God. And I was asking you to believe in God. Is this like a, is that a rhetorical question? I mean, why do you call yourself Neil God? Because it's a joke. Okay. I mean, aren't there people to say, oh, you don't. When you see somebody that you like, you say, oh, my God. Look at that. Yeah. That's what I think. Oh, my God. Because it's a matter of speech. Right. It doesn't mean a damn thing is just the word, jail. Well, you're saying you don't believe in God. Then you're talking about your God. Okay. Put 560560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. How do you know who your God is? I guarantee you it ain't him unless they're be sent to picture. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. I mean, some people have got the certain God. Other people got other gods, right? Brad Pitt God. There you go. I won't argue with that. Maybe a few years ago. I thought that kid, I was saving it as job. Oh, you know, who died yesterday? I forgot to talk about it. Why saw live in person? Who was great many, many years ago? Who was like the lead actor, the Judy Garland concert. And radio city. New York. Where many many many years ago? Who was like the lead actor, the Judy Garland concert. And radio city musical in New York. Where many many many years ago? Let me hear once that he died. You know how old he was? Really? Yeah. No, why? You know how old he was? 90. Try again. 95. Try again. 102. The post. One more year. 103. Absolutely correct. I just pulled that out of my ass. Well, you just seen your one of his, yeah. And he didn't even have any puppets. He just had his hand with a blonde wig on it and some lipstick on his, you know, in the box and the box. Yes, I saw that. I saw it. Yeah. He was great. I'm too big. He did. He was great. And the best part of his, his lips moved. And he didn't care. He knew what you saw him doing. I think nobody cared. He was great. He was better than the Rotterdee Garland. The Zyre Carl was a little kid when we went to New York to see that. But boy, he was fantastic. See your wences. So, all right. So, all right. He's dead. 103. Not bad. 560, 0560. From 560 on a mobile one. Hey, listen, God, don't give us a whole bunch of years. You know, that God that these people are all talking about. You got to do the best you can in a very limited amount of time. Here's Miami. Hello. New. Yes, sir. Okay. I think I got to figure out why these transcode moffty kids started blocking shots at the teachers. Uh-huh. They weren't working out. They were just the teachers. There was only one teacher that got shot. But then again, probably some of they have to read that to you in the newspaper. 560, 0560, 0560 on a mobile one line. Somebody wanted to go over to his house and read him the news papers. So, we know what was going on. No. Okay. I tried, pal. Couldn't get him. But are there any takers? Here's a mobile info. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I'm going to respond to your great concentration. It's so many things you talk about. All these things. Yeah. Hey, uh, you know, when I was growing up in high school. There was in a big high school. You knew just about everybody in the school. Yeah. Somebody was troubled. Everybody knew it. Uh-huh. And they stayed away from what you know, you're right with the numbers of people in these schools. There's not to be one crazy person in there. 1800 kids in this school. There's not to be one crazy one in there. They were talking about some school in LA where they put in, um, they put in, um, middle-de-techers, but they're having a problem because they got 4,000 kids go to that school and it takes like forever and ever. So, they only can do random searches because they got four. 4,000 students in a school. Can you imagine? It's ridiculous. Yeah. That's why there's so much trouble. And then the parents, the parents are so damn busy when the kids get home. They don't care anyway. They come all from work. They go to bed. They go to work. See, I mean, a country like China or Japan where the people are brought up with, like, you know, it's very, very strict morals and the very strict ideals and respect for human life and respect or other people. Then no matter how many people they had, like when I had, uh, I don't know how many, two people in China, it didn't make any difference because they all boost up to the line. You know, but here we're not to get a getting people to boost up in the line. No. So maybe we can put them all in uniforms and just have them boost up in the line. Wow. It's crazy. Why? If it would be easy. The thing I'm after will be wrong. You're clicked. It on the butt because he's doing something wrong. Again, maybe things would change but that's never going to happen. No. You're American effin' way man. That's their slaughterhouse. And it's appropriate that they're slaughtering the cattle because it is a slaughterhouse. Okay. I have her hanging there pal. See ya. Okay. See you on a firing range. Five sit. I'm supposed to select myself. They don't use the bolt gun anymore because it shatters the skull. What do they do? Can't make head cheese out of it then? I don't want to use my head. I'm just leaving you one surely. I don't want to see head cheese much less here about it. So now they've got to tell me what's in head cheese by the way. I don't, uh, I'm sorry asked. Now what is it? What did I use? They electrocute them now. With the one. They're making a ship down in the chair. They have like a fire gun in the chair. And they put that little beanie on their head like they do on industrial life. They shave their heads and they put little beanie on there. And they are cow grows. Oh, please breathe in the right. Yeah. Does he say, manage done a halalaha zah? Yeah. Oh. Yeah. You've got to talk about that before you're right. But I can't do one of those three huggers. You know, one of those vegetarians. I like my steak. I like my meat. I love my meat. And a good steak ain't bad either. Five, six, seven, eight, five, five, five, sixy. And five, sixy on a mobile one line. I got a little carried away, yeah. I get emotional when I think about all these things. And why not? Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. You mean how are you doing? Great. Uh, two things. I think it's amazing how everyone has the solution that is problem. There are, oh, there are all experts, man. I come on the estate. I said, I don't have any answer. It's out of control. It's hopeless. And these people, everyone has got an answer. Hey, everyone. We've got to put a tank at every school. This is not the other thing. And then there was a guy on the office for CNBC last night on the deadline. I believe it was. No. But it was, they had an expert. The guy was an expert in school security. Yeah. They go, okay. So what do you think? He goes, well, we need metal detectors in every grammar school elementary school and high school. And then they proceeded to say, this guy owned the company. They put metal detectors. Oh, what a surprise that is. And like I said, schools that have like 1800 kids like the school out there in Little in Colorado or like the one in LA that's got 4000 kids. What do they do get there three in a morning? So that by eight thirty or nine when the first class starts everybody could be passed through the metal detector and then maybe you can hold by midnight. It was amazing. They go, okay, the 16,000 for one unit and they cut back to this other guy and said average high school United States has 62 to 88 doors on it. Yeah. So I mean, I mean, you break. I mean, no one knows that the problem is no easy solution. Okay. That's a great thing. There is of course there's no easy solution. That's out of control. It's out of hand. It's a barbaric country where the people unfortunately far too many of them don't have any values. They have no respect for human life and the right to the public are sitting better. You know, you know what they're saying? Yeah. Because they're like decent to ties to it. The grave robbing media has said, oh, hey, here's another juicy story. And let's all start hyperventilating. It's just, yeah, it's just another TV story. It's grow test and tragic and there's a lot of blood and it's real. But you know, it's real. Do you really, you know, underground? Yeah. Like that. But be that as it may be that as it may all but it's the movies and the TV shows. And like I keep telling you all these European companies I travel through the very same movies and the very same TV shows. They're all on there and nobody's killing each other. One way that could be, you think maybe those people might have respect for human life? Maybe they know a little bit better than your kids and all. Maybe they've had a little bit better upbringing. That might just be it. No, that couldn't be it. Could there possibly be somebody better than America? I mean, that guy that called before he was he was my favorite of the whole year so far. America is a great country and I said, yeah, well, why? But be by the end of like that. I'll tell you one thing. It's a great day when Wayne Arnold's people show up. Thank you, gentlemen. God bless you. Here's, there's our friends from Wayne Arnold's bringing this one to everybody. But the building. Thank you Hudson. You're a great American sir. And the giveaway and the biggest force but not a from the customers. So anyway, what are we doing? 1226 and 560 or WKL. But if your on G these are going to be it's not going to be meeting that box. Is there because then we must be killed some animals. I apologize to the lady who's dear hunting. I just I can't, you know, I don't want to think about it. I know that you're not doing it because you're a mean nasty bitch and you want to go out there and shoot some defenseless, beautiful little animal. But, you know, Bandie was a very heart wrenching movie that I saw a hundred years ago. Was it? No. Okay. Like I said, have a good time. 1226 and 560 WKL. Now it's a little squirrel. You don't want to shoot a squirrel. No. You can't eat a squirrel. They eat squirrel. No. They're like loaded with rabbis and all kinds of diseases. Holy makin' on. This is jubble on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neo God. Tired of the same old flavors of yogurt. Terry Strawberry Banana Peach Blueberry. Hmm. Well, look out taste buds prepare yourself. Palette for Cruzans. Trout on the bottom yogurt. Trout on the bottom. Trout on the bottom. Trout on the bottom. Trout on the bottom. Trout on the bottom. Trout on the bottom. Trout on the bottom. Trout on the bottom. Cruzans. New Trout on the bottom yogurt. Combining to the delicious attributes of yogurt with hearty chunks of rainbow trots. No frills. No guilt. Great taste. Cruzans. Trout on the bottom yogurt. Regular and DI. Okay. It's Psalm 31. At 560 WKL. Thanks to Hudson and our buddies over at Wayne Arnold's for bringing a great lunch for us and for all the people in the building and the daughters that came into the building. I'm going to bring everybody else. I thought you were bringing something else in here. So anyway, while you never know, okay, you can never hear it's too a wonder. But of course a lot of animals had to make our lunch today. Let's have a couple of moments of silence for the animals that we don't want to have any. No. Okay. 567. And by the way, it says the Wayne says hello. He's been elected lieutenant governor of. To one. You spoiled it. He's supposed to say Florida and then I go. No. Howard County. No. They county. No. Kuala. The politically is still Wayne Arnold. Who has the Ted Kennedy a picture on one window and a jab boot picture on the other window. No. Covering all sides they call it. And when you're as big as Wayne you can cover all sides just with your body. Nice going Wayne. He's the lieutenant governor of Kuala. He probably looks real cute with that. Kuala's cap on you know. 567. 560. Pound 560 on a mobile one line. We're having a very educational day today. We're going to have a very good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. We're going to have a good day today. Maybe that's why we traded this answer out of here. Well, he sure made do nothing. Here is a lady mobile in a key. Hello. Hi. You know, I'm currently telling you, and I know there are no solutions to everything. So I think the parents are really who's to blame that this is in your situation. Maybe. You know, I don't understand how they were making all these bombs right there at Abbasement and parents thought that they were had an erector set or something. They don't know what they thought they were doing. They were fighting. Right. You're fine. Okay. Your phone cracked out. Call me back. Your phone cracked out. Did I try to call me back? 560. Yeah, they were playing part cheesy down in Abbasement. Maybe they were playing with each other, which would have been an improvement, by the way. Overbuilding La Bomba. You're had to be an awful lot of people looking the other way. Nobody knew from nothing. Like I said, when you got all these people, all these things, all these problems, you're overwhelmed. You don't have the resources. And, of course, by the way, it's also the right wingers who don't want to a lot of money to have resources for human needs. God forbid, you know, we take care of these things. They'd rather spend all that money and build in more big bombs and more big weapons, etc. In the audio audio. Okay. For their military industrial complex or their established. But that's what they want to do. More and more God damn money for crap. To kill people, but not to take care of real living and breathing people. All they care about is, as long as you take care of the fetus, then we'll worry about it. They're living people later on. Here's Boca. Hello. Boca. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Boca. Speaking. How about O'Sis New? That's last time I checked. Hello? Who's this, the caller? Let's go to Boca. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Uh, yeah. I wanted to talk to you about the school after Denver. Yes, I got a good plan for the funeral. Oh, that's you guys. You're great. 567, 560, Pana 560, and a mobile one line. Did I cut that guy off? Yeah. That's your sweet ass I did. And of course, the fact that he was a little slow in the beginning, he shouldn't tip me off at, uh, I don't think so. Here's Pop and O. Hello. Thank you. Yes, sir. Uh, I, when I was a kid, I moved from one school to another from like the city to the suburbs. And they put me in like these AP classes because maybe my first original school might have been a little bit ahead of the one out in the suburbs. And there were these really nerdy kids in the AP classes and they happened to be really really nice kids. I was doing a classes for about two years. One of them probably had a play to guitar or another one. They just did, they were just really wonderful people. But they looked kind of strange in nerdy. Okay. Now, when I left their classes and as we went through high school, people picked on these people, I had to step in like, I had a couple fights when I moved from my first neighborhood to the, uh, to the other neighborhood. And I was so frightened to death. Somehow I won those fights. I don't know how, but I was frightened to death and then people kind of accepted me. A girl looked as a guy who could take care of himself. In reality, I was really nervous to sell and, and frightened. But these kids who I went to a school with, it's like everybody was like looking to fight them and I had to step in and stop fights once in a while. They were, they were getting beat up. Now, these kids, a lot of them, you could tell they formed these little quick groups. They were rollers and they were, and basically it was because everybody was being mean to them. And I could see very easily nobody's addressing it. If these kids fight against them. So, no, there's somebody's media then you ought to go on and build a bunch of bombs and get some guns and blow their crap away. Is that what you're saying, sir? No, you shouldn't do that, but I think what it does is it creates a little like a, of these little groups of three, they get weird, they feel insecure. Yeah. And from feeling having such bad feelings, I think that these things are very, very good. Okay, thank you, sir. Feelings, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. You got bad feelings? Formal way, baby. Let's play that bit. You know, I think that's probably a sums it all up right here. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rightful Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful, and that's pretty damn depressed. But, as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare their shit out of people and intimidate them and it giving you whatever you want. That's right, handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? Rub a bank. Don't have enough money for Peter? Or the convenience store. Take chips and pretzels wire at it's all free. You've got to handguns. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. To simple solution, a life's complex process. Why have to do is wait to five days for it, and happiness is just around the court. Hell, if you don't want to wait to five days, who cares? By the dancing of the street. Just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great absurd. It's a working problem, though. If he considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make a thing. Hey, what are you saying? What are you saying? It's like I said before. Great population control. There you go. Wow. Yeah, you know, they're being picked on. Okay, oh, John, he's picking on me. They're picking on his school. There you go. That's you American effin' women. Like you said before, the exchange students all want to know. How come everybody so angry over here? What are the angry about? They have so much. What are the angry about? What are they all pissed off about? Maybe because they were brought up to be a bunch of spoiled little brats. Maybe their parents were too indulgent. I didn't smack up the side of the head every now and then. Say cut the crap. And learn to appreciate what you got. Like Sabrina and there who's probably smarter than most of you out there. No, not probably. 21 before one. I don't know where she got it from. Must have been her mother. 21 before I know. It's just a joke. Sabrina, have me he enjoys being picked on. Not as much as Rimmer does the one. How's Rimmer doing? What's going to happen with that radio drop? Okay. If you were. Oh, what? So, you know, he's a good guy. I have to preface it by saying that because otherwise he pouts for like we said at the time. But what a suck hole Rimmer. I mean really seriously. That that was even Kathy Willot. Even Monica Lewinsky never heard of a suck job like when it remembered this morning on the on this station. Just un-un-conscionable. Unacceptable. He's just looking to give me material like it. She hover out the more on my. That's the place for me. Here. I got the brand new Nike fan. I'm ready to die. Eight points in jail. It's the rest of the guy. Oh, don't let you with patience. I can't be seen. Their shoes will be taken by a particle being. Concerations is the only thing the father is being. You got to sit down to see me. You know I think the poison is a second. We used to hailed Bob Connecord. We need to. Yeah, that's not that. But you'll be able to get your return. 444 or 560QM. So anyway, here's a great facts from Bob. How come the fasses are so good? We had some good calls. We had a few good calls this week. One. Several. But the fasses are fantastic. Including one from John the Agon hugger out there. He's squeezing it right now in the gun too. So Joe Costello before we dispatch from Bob. Joe says that a lot of these daughters that are in here today for bringing your daughter to work day. Unlike Sabrina who's sitting there very polite, needing her lunch and very grateful and very happy. Unlike her that sitting in here with daddy and the other room. A lot of these other girls around the building are running around like banshees. Turned a place up like madges is kids always do. You don't want to say that? Yeah. I bet you do. How do you like that? See that makes my point about Friday little kids on discipline. Then of course you look at their parents and say, oh my god, they're reproducing. And you say, oh, man. Can you really think about too many people in this building who ought to be reproducing? No, no. Not at all. Anyway, here's this facts from Bob. It's like you. I traveled to Western Europe. Often I have many friends there in Switzerland. There's at least one rifle in every home. And yet none of the slaughter we find here in the US. The reason every solicitor doesn't serve in the military. Absolutely correct. And they are properly trained how to handle firearms. They're responsible. And they're not out to shoot each other in the bloches of this brain. Other countries in Western Europe germany, the Netherlands, the UK, Italy. Guns are almost impossible to purchase without an extensive background check and proof of proper training. How do you like that? What a concept. It's also important to note that the police system in Europe is fantastic. The average police response time is less than five minutes for any emergency call, whether it's as trivial as a pussy in a tree or a series of kids in black trench coats walking in the school and blowing everyone away. You think that there could have anything to do with the fact that the cops in Europe are not bullies, who just write tickets in harass harmless people, who just want to smoke a joy. Just might have something to do with it. Bob Excellent. Thank you sir. God bless you. I'm sorry that's Neil God bless you. I don't want to get that kid open on the joint again. I don't say joint. He might lie one up. They're all impressionable, you know what I'm saying? Light one up. Exactly. Oh God. Just like that episode I told you about in Ramaghenia today. I mean within a matter of seconds after this gunshot went off up into the air. There were police of every variety that ever been invented. It really came out of nowhere and just descended upon that location. And that punk I think he'll I won't be walking do good for a long time. They don't put up with the crap. Okay. In other words, if you want to act bar bearishing road test and like an animal, they're going to find a place to put you away for a very long time. It's not accepted. But here what they want to find out the first thing is which NFL team can we sign up for. And how many people will pay their money to watch your average behavior? I'm telling you, the one thing I've learned on this station in these 16 months. I mean, and this is not an exaggeration. I have learned to have the greatest content for the sports nerds. I mean, far greater than I ever thought I possibly could have. For people who have no scruples, no principle, no nothing. No lives. So as a result, they have to live by curiously to some team. Okay, nothing wrong with the root for a team. But I mean to this degree, you have to be insane. You have to be without any brain rhymes with insane. Hey, listen if the gangster can run a few yards, if he can get us a first down there. Oh, God. Get out of my face. Get out of my cloud. Out of my planet. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is there all you see? Thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making your call. Oh, okay. Now we're even. Listen, I just want to make a remark. I'm a non-citizen. You are citizen. Are you going to legal alien? No, no, no. Okay. So I can give you my honest opinion. Okay. I think it all started when you guys formed your pre-public here in 1776. This is a violent state. And you people are afraid to change laws. Everybody knows that it's the wrong thing to carry a gun. But still you have to law. So you're afraid to change. You mean civilized people over? We have a lot of people in this country who aren't civilized. Well, it's that's European. But you don't take that through. You don't think we have a lot of civilized people here? Maybe not more than anywhere else. But it's the, you know, it's the culture. It's a culture shock. It's why those things still end up in what we call quote unquote, the civilized world. I mean, it happens here in neighborhoods where the least you would expect. Yeah. You know, and I think it's the shame that take for instance, everybody agrees that it's wrong to have all those things on the website. But there is no law that changes is that you cannot put everything on the web. I think it's the shame that whenever I travel here in here. But you do understand that whatever's on the web that call it the worldwide web. Because it is worldwide and people can download it and read in any part of the world and they're downloading and all those other countries that we're talking about and they're not running out in emulating or taking the messages and killing people because they read something on a worldwide web. We have a lot of very ignorant people in this country. So this is a very uneducated, very impressionable, very backward, a juvenile country. Everybody agree that one of you lost or that everybody can carry arms here to protect themselves again for what. I think this law was made for the English we're here and afraid for the for the Engines. The afraid of a queen young. A lot of people are afraid of a queen and maybe for wild animals. Right. But I think we ought to let the deer arm themselves to protect themselves against the hunter. It's the violence in the people here. If there is an animal. Well, I'm saying this is a violent barbaric country and the people in brace violence. They can't they are they can't get enough violence. There they have an insatiable appetite for violence. And as a result, why should we be surprised that we see these things happening? Well, what's all the shock about doesn't surprise me. It's grotesque and it's said in its tragic, but it's not surprising. It's a slaughterhouse. It is. Yeah. Why is your government afraid to change the laws? I think because the government is on the takes or the government is on the take from very, very influential, a powerful people that's been billions of dollars to make sure that they don't change the laws. Money talks. There you go. God bless you, sir. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. I'll still believe. Bank of El. 560560 on the mobile and all he's ducks there for he knows what the real world is all about. Ever see a gun and I'm still alive? No. No. Ever see anybody shoot anybody? Most of the cops carry guns and I'm still alive. No. On herdo. On herdo. Of course, they do have a great education system there. Light years ahead of our education system. Number one in the world, by the way, in Netherlands. Are you aware of that? Number one. You know. I mean, that must just be a coincidence, right? 560560. And you know, while he was talking, he was thinking about a term that every time I hear I don't know what's left or cry. Anger management classes. And you know, the only people I ever hear being talked about including by some of the people on this radio station, which I'm not much in, name's professional athletes. Oh, he needs to go to Anger management class. And then he'll be okay. Whichever, it'll be a little reject, they're talking about at the moment. Haven't you ever heard that? You've ever managed your new class. We have to take somebody to class to teach him that when you get pissed off and fired up, you don't blow somebody away. But that's been really well for Americans to sign it. That we have so many scumbags right around. And of course, we shouldn't be worrying about those kids. You know, like those two kids that shot up all these kids in the school. We just got it because they weren't jocks. The jocks we got to worry about. Make sure they get anger management training because after all, we got to save them from what over it is they're going to do them. So, let's see if anybody else, like the three in the speech. Well, before we talk to the next coach. In fact, maybe he'll even choke, what's his name? David Stern. After they find him 25 grand for opening his big trap the other day, maybe he'll choke his to ask, or neck, whichever is larger. Here's a parade. Hello. Yeah, hi. Okay, sir. Now I'm going to call you about, but it's next to see that Jimmy Johnson is starting that it criminally doesn't like. Exactly. He's the, he's against the coach. Yeah, I'm the only one on the station that'll tell you that, sir, because all these other people just like the rim man, man, they're riman them. They're sucking his ass. They're, they're licking licking licking. This is the biggest suck hole station I've ever worked at in my life. I'll bunch out a bunch of rubber stamps. We got a misradio station. Licking, licking, licking, licking, Jimmy, whatever you say, whatever you do, you're the greatest baby. Lot of brown stains. That's right. All over. You ought to see the walls in his place, man. All right. You're lucky. But when I'm calling the ball, there's a lot of watching TV last night. And all this rhetoric going on about this stuff. And, you know, not once did I hear anything about, you know, the problem we have with guns in this country. You know, we have our neighbors from the Canada who put a whole year. Don't have as many murders in that country as we do in one week. Right. I mean, we can be kind of than a good weekend here in Miami. And you know, I'm Miami. I'd like to know which suck husband is now. There's a, you know, what kind of statement he's going to make after this. He's a sense of his and our ace. You know, but you know, that they took those billboards down with his posts up there in the Denver area. Oh, I probably really pissed. I find it pretty funny. Some of the most terrific murders I've ever seen in this country. Just happened to happen in Mormon areas, you know, in Mormon areas. Yeah. In Utah and on Colorado. Or does that's going to go to question you other day. Now, what that happens is they do they stay in the magic underwear when that had to. I know the type I have to be taking off before he do that. Okay. In fact, I wonder, Gary Gilmore before he got executed out there in Utah. I think that he's saying is a, I'm sorry. Well, he wasn't a five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one. I guess at that point, it really didn't make no difference. Here's a candle. Hello. Yes, sir. This is a statement I like to make about the shooting happened up in wherever north, north America. North America. Yeah, wherever. You were people got blown away. Something out of the door. Where was that? My Colorado. That's a very good. Excellent. This is besides you and you and still Henry, this whole country is stupid. Because they think that a proving school security will stop shooting, which is full. Because when I was, I'm graduated about a year and a half ago. We had type security, but I was able to bring whatever you needed to school. Because it's always the way people speak to watch the damn kids and watch what they're doing. I bring whatever you needed, like why do you need it? Gun trucks, you name it, I'll bring it into you. But the problem was parents never caught an eye or they'd rather watch what the kids are doing. That's the same thing in half of my parents. So, the station is off the crime about, well, we got to shoot you. So, internet is also TV, not the dance. Rich, rich ass people fault or the poor kids can't stand. We thought this got a good offer. I'll look at the kids are doing. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thanks, Tom. You're all new. Okay. All right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, 5, 5, 60 on the eighth. But see, that's another part. Piring in America is a law start. You know, we got George and there in Sabrina, and that's basically it. So, seriously, parenting in this country is, uh, forget about it. Just to make babies and then let them loosen, though, you know, we're about having how many BMWs you can have in the yard. This food is delicious today, but it's starting by eye twitching. I wonder what that means. You think it's that horse-made, adjusted joke. It's just a joke, George. Thanks a lot, Wayne. You're a great American. We love Wayne. We love Hudson. Down there at Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle, where you never get a hassle. 1250, look at that. The dow's up on 21, and as the X552. How long can you want, huh? Because that's American, after ways long, everybody's got plenty of money. That's all we worry about. Who cares about being alive, suspended? You sound a red dog. You chug a red wolf. Now, we're just going to get a red dog. You're not just the one to two-hour. It's a phenomenal. You sound a red dog. You chug a red wolf. Now, open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red dog. Red dogs, foamy head, will lead you breathless. Red dog goes down easy, and it's never hard on your throat. So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long, neck red dog. You can shake it and spray it all over. Remember, you can't beat a red dog. Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front. Your opinion? Oh, the radio jah. Yeah, the radio played by play now. I think obviously Goldie, based on his pinch hitting performance, has got to be considered as a serious candidate. One thing about Steve Goldstein, I think you'll agree with his Joe. You don't better than anybody in all seriousness. I respect the work that Steve Goldstein puts in. Be it preparing for a bathroom radio broadcast. I've had the fortune of working with Joe at QA. I don't know what Joe said. The goldie only, I am. And Joe, I think Goldie's a hard worker and I really respect that. And I think he's got to be considered in the mix. Well, you have been strong. Thank you, Ron. What a suck up job. That was. That's the real week of the world's worst. In fact, we got it in the Guinness Book of Rights. Records already, remember. The world's Guinness Book of Rimmer. 102 at 5.60 WQM. Thanks again to Hudson and Wayne Arrow. By the way, I say that enough. You're saying, okay, we'll say it in the moment. WQA. I'm George's eating. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Yeah. This is really made it a little too far back to go to solve the problem. I agree with you. I'm going to solve the problem. I didn't know we're going to do that. Well, I'm relieved now. I'll be a readically. Oh. You're right about the overpopulation problem. Don't you think it goes back to the Industrial Revolution when they ended up, you know, all the antibiotics to prolong life and the little babies alive? No. No. How come they have all those antibiotics and all those other countries in their babies that running around shooting each other? Well, because, well, it's a good point. Oh. Okay. And what about this solution? Okay. I didn't work. Let's try. How about flogging them in public and then putting them in prison for life for the rest of their life? Okay. Okay. The problem is these two are dead, so I don't think it'll work too good. Although I did say the other day because I was very angry after I saw this, that they ought to hang the bodies out there like from a tree on the campus of the high school and let everybody come along and you know, just whack it with baseball bats today. I think it was Mussolini in his wife after WWW II. I'm starting to talk like Jerry Wichler now, WWW II. I must be really getting 0. 567.056, the pound five six the on the 18. WWW II, a Jerry Wichler just drove down the old team of drill and ran into a couple of juggle bunnies on the way. Well, we'll see here. Was he something or what? Talk about guns? Oh, or what? Maybe that's why he's in my mind right now. Since we have this gun topic, we'll get old Jerry. Here's a pepper pie and hello. Hello? Yes, sir. That was Carl of the Tashi, right? What is it? Was Mussolini's wife Carl of the Tashi? I don't know. Okay. I agree with you, but... I think that was her. Okay. I was her name. I agree with you. I think the problem comes in is with the guns. I think there's a proliferation of guns here in the United States and in Europe. They have strict gun control and they don't get any guns. And then you do have your wackos up there. You do have your neonatis. You do have your holedins and your anarchist there that once in a while they were act up. But they don't have any weapons that they can act up with. So obviously you don't see that. Yeah, see, but there's an a societal way. What this has become a problem solving method for Americans is getting a gun, having a gun, and blowing somebody else away. That's what it's become. They don't do that in other places. That's correct. And they don't have the accessibility and also the educational along with it. Yeah. And here, you're never going to solve it first of all because forget about the in constitution. It's big business. The gun industry here makes billions of dollars a year. Right. Which is why in Florida we want to make sure that there's no lawsuits against them because the politicians here all in the take from the gun industry. Absolutely. But one of the strongest lobbies around is the RA and everything. So that's you're never going to be able to solve that. So unfortunately, unless we start thinking much more about human life and instead of guns or big business or the old mighty dollar, we're going to continue seeing this once in a while. I got a material. Okay, sir. Bye. See. I think what he's trying to say is that say barborex slaughterhouse. I think I don't want to put words in his mouth. Does that what he's trying to say? Oh, yeah. 560560, 2560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's my any. Hello. Yes, sir. Uncle Neil, you're the best. Listen, the way I look at things sometimes, it's only my opinion. But we got a war going on now and you could slab you. Yeah. Why don't these kids join the army? I mean, you can kill people legally. Yeah, why don't they go kill some serving and Jerry, but that's your good idea. Take out the regression. That's an excellent idea. I mean, we tried bombing the most of it. Which is the hangout last night for four-clock this morning. Did it work? No. No. They bomb the place but was he there? No. They had the damnedest tough time. You know, that damn goddamn Saddam Hussein and his slobby, uh, most of it. We just can't seem to hit him at the right time. Why don't they learn from the garfot? You know, they hit us. We hit him back. But like the guy said that great letter to the editor in the hairline yesterday, the service only started acting up when we started bombing their country. Right. They were nice. They were real nice before they were doing it. They were lightly killing the Albanians. It was just a very light ethnic cleansing they were doing. In fact, I think they were even breading them before they put them in those mass graves. Yeah. Before they heated them up into microwave. Yeah. Albanian Parmesan. 560, 50560. Yeah. They're both sides, of course. Even enough. 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, the hairline just continues man. The Dumber to letter you write them more likely. They're going to put it in the paper. Okay, because they love it. They never met a dummy. They didn't like including their editor. And publisher. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Stop using the word. God. You'll pay for your sins. Okay. Get off the toilet, pal. We all are we can hear it. We're the sounds. And we can now we can smell it. Didn't hang up soon enough on that asshole. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Where are we going? Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. You're glad to be here. Okay. I appreciate you taking my call. I was wondering and I don't know. I've been listening to for the last couple of days and I listened to you on and off on when I run in the car. But I was wondering if anyone has mentioned where are the parents. Yes. What are the parents doing? Because we don't know. You look at some of these things. You read in the newspaper. You listen to the media. These people have a small arsenal. Where did they get the money to fund? We're talking 16, 17 year old kids. It's best working in McDonald's. Does anybody have any answers to that? No. We don't know anything about the parents. Except that they're very sorry. They sent out very apologetic messages. Like you'd expect them to do better than that. We haven't learned anything yet. It's amazing. The deterioration of society. Yeah. It's amazing. I mean, I'm 41 year old male. And I have plenty of handguns that I used to buy when I was much younger. But to be quite honest, so you're having fire in them in 20 years. So I'm going to tell you something. Talk about parents. Parents have got to teach their kids that violence is bad. It's ugly. It's unacceptable. Not not to a relish violence, not to admire violence, not to have an appetite for violence. Violence is on effing acceptable. That should be the American way. I agree with you. Hold hard. Because people that like I said before that want to live in a violent environment like We do, it's a barbaric slaughterhouse. And nobody with a brain, nobody who realizes that life doesn't have to be like this, wants to live in this kind of environment. I agree with you. I agree with you. I agree with you. You know, I've heard you mentioned Las Vegas on occasion. I've been to Las Vegas once. I've been in fact over the last few years. First time I loved it. I was loved to go back. And I lived in Boston for three years. And I don't know if you've ever been in Boston. Many, many, many people live there. Okay. Well, I live in a small town called Nadek for three years. And over in Boston, I'm sure that if like from 1990 to 1993, you could walk the theater district there. And you'll go in over to the Wang Cinema, Wang Theatre. Yeah. You'll see a play completely safe. Yeah. I mean, you wouldn't feel that you're in any danger whatsoever. I'm like, perhaps, you know, you walk here in downtown Miami, which... Well, but yeah, but how many cities in America can you think of where you really can do that at night? You know, I'm very, very, very few. And certainly where we live here in one of them. No, I agree with you wholeheartedly. I just think that the culture in the different parts of the country, geographically speaking, are so different to the way that people are brought up. It's almost like Americana in the Northeast, like a Norman Rockwell kind of environment, versus like down here in Miami as an example, or some of these things that are happening. I mean, I took a look at the picture of that. Let me ask you this. Would you be walking the streets in Rocksbury at night? I'm just sorry. Okay. Now, absolutely. Okay, thanks. I'm a Miami resident, and I'm a six-tap into here today. Meow Foxo, meow, my home, and I think it's absolutely horrible. And I'm understaffed to anybody with values and morals or social conscience. Can allow such a thing to be broadcast on their stations. And this guy is just cursing the people in small-term, blast feeling, just spreading anger and hatred. I don't understand that. I mean, do you have children, do you have a family, do you care what's going on in the world? No. But that just bad stops are going around. Someone's inventing all their hatred and anger in it and people. And maybe just let somebody crying on the sun the air. And maybe it's very popular and makes a lot of money for your station. But this is really not what the world needs. I mean, things are bad enough. I don't think we need a guy like this. And I really find a very offensive and horrible. I mean, how do you like if your children were listening to that? And you're happy. And a world where this kind of thing is acceptable. Where people can talk like that and be paid for it and be endorsed. I mean, I'm just horrified and disgusted. And I am sure I'm not the only person to feel that way. Please try and take consideration of the rest of the world and the people that have to listen to this kind of garbage. And I hope you will because this really something that's not acceptable. If you want this world to get to be a better place, this is not the way to do it. Dammit, that's right. You tell him, honey, if you want to live in a world where people blow each other's right, then you've got it. If it's not enough on a radio or somebody's exercising, it's worth the memory of writing to a voice in his opinion. That's bad because he's an outtight bitch. 116 is 560 WQAM. Here's a crawl spring. Hello. Pretty good to see. Listen, I'm listening to everybody talking on the radio. I'm listening to your comments. And I agree with you. You just a very violent society and a criminal society. And there's an accomplishment for violent acts. But I have a question to ask you. And that is, you take the worst neighborhoods in Los Angeles or Chicago or New York. Yeah, how come in those bad neighborhoods in those slums schools? We don't have kids going in and blowing kids away in those schools. I mean, in mass quantities. I mean, you look at this column by school. It was in a wonderful neighborhood. Yeah. It was a beautiful school. Yeah. And these kids lived in the best house. That's right. Upper middle class. That's right. I'll come to this all the way up because of the street. What's there if you just make it? If they get shot out on the street or run the school. The fact is that in the air, cities you're talking about. People are getting shot like cockroaches. But it's just a matter of time. There'll be one of these in a ghetto somewhere. So you're saying that it's, you know, what differences to make is a 15 at a time or one at a time? No, I'm not saying what difference does it make? I'm just saying it'll happen. It happened. But look at the place where it happened. But Duke of Kentucky, a little in Colorado. John's for Arkansas. Well, what is what difference does it make where it happens? Yeah, but they're happening in good neighborhoods. Good neighborhood. And in rural neighborhoods where there are a lot of poor people. They'd make any difference. They're happening in neighborhoods where the kids were robbed. Real strict and religious and where the kids were bunch of skinheads. I mean, everything in between is the American effort wasted and making difference. That's the point. Okay. Okay. 5.670560. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neo. Hello. Okay, sir. The real trip of the matter is really nowhere. The little Billy Bob walk into the school in Harlem blows anybody away. Of course not. It cares. It happens all the time. It does happen in middle America. That's from page news. It happens all the time in Harlem. I know that. Well, may not happen in the schools. It certainly happens in the street. I think that's what I'm trying to say to this guy. What difference does it make? Whether people decide to do it out in the streets where it's a more violent environment in the get-os or in a school system somewhere where nobody expected. The truth of the matter is in the small little towns that we're hearing about middle America. Where are my men? Dad. I'm called Jeff. I'm the whole gang. I always in the back teaching the kids how to shoot guns. Yeah. And where's their responsibility? They don't have any. You can't complain about their responsibility because they don't have any. This jack-aft on NBC the other night is blaming society and TV and Hollywood. Of course, you haven't talked about what my men dad. Where are my men dad? Who's that? What's Jackass with this? Some guy to come to some guy from the police and at MSMB from the city. Oh, everyone interviewed on him. If it's on MSMB, my lunch is already coming up. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. Anything that's on MSMB, except... Oh, no. The one show I do like on there is what's a called timeline? Date line timeline? Date line? Which has the timeline? Date line timeline? Which in Paul? That's a good show. Only what difference does it make you for was 79, 80 or 81? You don't understand? That's stupid song, whatever was it? If it was 78, 70, I can't cut it out, James. Stop being a goodie too, she's no. It all bitch. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pond 5, 60 on the AT&T line? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Well, yes sir. Yes, I am. Three things. Yesterday did you ever read the letters to the editor, Eddie Pope? Yes, I did. I mentioned that. How dare he? The one good column that he ever wrote in all the 500 years he's been here. And he gets flunder with calls from these indignant butt lickers who want to kiss Jimmy on the ass. How dare he have the audacity to question Jimmy? I just couldn't believe it. Isn't it incredible? Exactly what I'm trying to tell you, these sports nerds. They're the ones who created this. If the sports fans started revolting and say, hey, we're not going to spend these big bucks to subsidize these goons, these criminals, these scumbags, then you better believe the league would say, hey, guess what? These guys, they're not, you can't sign them. But as long as they keep throwing the stand and as long as people only care about, you know, who can run fat and who carried it ball, then that's what's going to happen. It's a scumbag league. It was the bastard that we cooked before who said, who cares, you know, whoever is going to put money in the table. But you know, you read that one column. JJ had to go to H Wayne's room for this. You know, and Wayne said if he, if they win games, nobody will care. That's a Wayne said. And unfortunately he's right. And he and his wife Marty, they were upset because they couldn't get their name on that children and women. And they were very upset that Doug McCleain was seen, you know, mowling for a letter words on close shots on the camera. There was just one of the reasons he got Candace coach of the Panthers. They were real upset about that. I'm believe. Thank you, Montia Cipacrid. So I think it's what you're looking for. The other thing was, I noticed at the NRA, there's an omitting a sketch, what's scheduled next week for. I talked about that. Yeah. And they've had a water we're done. And he even take poor Charlton has to figure out the billboards. I'd like that. You asked on the first pass. There you go. Black Panther. H2A Leonard Lee and Ardo de Caprio. Yeah. You got to read that little article about the island, the name of the island where he was capsized from. Okay. Today. Which paper? 2A the Harold. Okay, see you. Bye. Okay, let me dig in a waste basket here. Oh, God. Look at that. Look how nice the Harold fits in my waste basket. Oh, it's beautiful in there. Here's the sports. Here's the business. Here's the Broward. Good article by the way Fred Grim today. Alright, caught in the crossbar. Good articles about time Fred. Nice. Okay. Everyone about want to be six months. He writes a good one. Let's say boys will be others. Leo de Caprio. There's that screamer. That little, uh, floater. Probably never dreamed he'd land in the drink again after Titanic. But on Lucky Leo had a leap overboard. When the boat he was, uh, in during the filming of the beach was swamped in southern Thailand. Oh, I bet he's having a good time in Thailand, by the way, George. Among soon whipped up by high waves off the island of OPHU KET, Fouquet. Thailand flooding the boat and dragging it out to sea. How do you like that? Well, I've just Fouquet, man. If you can't say, let's just Fouquet. Okay, thank you, sir. Oh, yeah. Oh. Okay, where we going? Let's go to somewhere. Northwaterdale. Hello. Good thing is, Leo. Yes, sir. Are they residents? They've already put in last night in Texas. Reference to why? Scotty Fippen was a reference, but DWI. Yeah. How did I know that? Oh, right. Great. I got. And a talk show host was fired for a bet. For what? A bad joke about the shooting. A talk show host, a fired. Yeah. Trying to bat you. Oh, yeah. We did this. The guy with a fan he pack. Okay. I thought I was getting the hell. That's the guy with a fan he pack. You're not a bad guy. Yeah, you are. I thought he lost his job at the arena there. They're last half of the season. Never saw him no more. And wonder, even though we were losing and playing badly, it was became less painful. Because I don't have to answer 85,000 different questions about, you know, what color is John's car? And this and that and this my dog take a dump and then he's in a house. You know, I got with a fan he pack. He was like a security guard at the Mcereon for a while. For a short while. Until maybe he annoyed too many people. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, time 5, 60 on the AT&T. Wireless line. And when you can't even go out and take a leak without something, you know, while giving you the third degree one of your whole life story. Because there were yenta. But you're okay pal, just stay away. Here's a homestead. Hello. Can you answer how are you? Okay, sir. A couple of things you're talking about the unsafe streets. Yeah. Well, like the city might me forget it. I mean, they toilets. It's a toilet. They closed the buildings at seven o'clock and we could get the hell out of town. I learned that in the mid 80s. Even the security guards stay under the counters. Exactly. I keep guns and I collect. And I'm also a parent of two boys. Right. And when my kids were old enough, I thought the difference between a real kind and a play and a phony gun. And they used to this day respect real guns. They have no problem. Right. And one of them is a school teacher. He teaches in the roughest school in Dave County. Middle school. Wow. I firmly believe that the whole problem comes down to parenting. Parents are not, you know, they're working through jobs just to pay them mortgage. They don't have time to spend with their kids. As our parents did spend with their kids. Well, let me ask you this question. I mean, aren't these things that I realize that this is really revolutionary. But before people start making babies, don't you think they ought to kind of like sit down and think about how much it's going to cost to raise a kid and put them through school or hopefully maybe to college and dress them and feed them and clothing and all of these things. Don't you think maybe that makes them sense? Yes. And of course, in America, the worst problem one of the worst problems we have is that the people who are at least able to erase children, they're the ones who are reproducing the most. Perhaps their parents aren't and those are the ones who are having like leaders. Perhaps their parents aren't teaching them what it would it takes to raise a child. Yeah. Why not being there? But why don't we teach people these things? I agree. And we teach people all kinds of abstract things because of the school system. But things that have to do like with real life, like maybe even writing a check, stuff like that. We don't teach anybody about that. Right. That's true. We have a thing you played early the handgun did. But get a handgun. Right. That's what these kids say they learned that early on because they got there and not talk respect for life or or. Well, but that's American society. When human life becomes very cheap, then you got real problems. And that's that. I mean, we are right now. You scrape away all the other stuff about the parents and who's all that is. But when this is the value of system of a society, when human life is cheap and disposable, then you got real problems. The elephant going to get worse. I know. I'll see you at the passport. I'll see you at the passport. I'll see you at the passport. Okay. 5.6. 7.0. 5.6. The pump 5.6. The only 18.2 wireless line. There are a lot of people out there who was a lot. For example, Corey Sabin was in his mornings at the guy. But he's talking about, you know, some day he wants to visit here in the visit. And where has he ever been? His parents when he was 17, they sent him to Israel. Oh, Israel. Why? Why? Why? Why would anybody in their right mind? While with any person in its right mind, want to go to Israel. Just because you got to, you're Jewish. You got to go to Israel? No. No. Go see the real world. That's not the real world. That's a slaughterhouse. That's where everybody's sitting around. Wain the it blown up on a bus. That's where people are fighting over a crappy piece of land in the middle of a desert. All desert. Got like him, you know, who he's talking about going on vacation to the Grand Canyon and backpacking in this and that and doing all of these things. Why are they backpacking his way through Europe and stay at the youth hostels and go to Amsterdam and go to a Paris and go to all of Rome and see what the real world is all about. I'm not making it up. I had no best investment interest. I had the idea 12 years ago when I first made my trip to Europe when I was going to encounter over there. So a difference between day and night. And yeah, there are places where the people are scumbags like in France. I wouldn't go back to Paris if they paid for the trip. If they gave me $10,000 spending money. Unless I had to leave it after the first five minutes. Scumb trash. Garbage. Human excrement. But there are a lot of places where where the people are real honest. They've got people and they really know how to live and you don't live in a slaughterhouse and you can walk this streets and people are civilized and they have respect for human life. Wow, what a concept. So the fact that I respect those kinds of societies and that's my idea of what life ought to be all about. Well, if you can't handle that, that's too bad. Neon God. 25 till 25 60 WC. I'm saying that. I'm thinking about these people to talk about the devil list and the devil that. And I was thinking about the image, you know, this red devil with the horns on the head and the big long tail and the pitchbow. I mean, devil with a pitchbow, they know real devil. You know, kind of a big long pitchbow. I think he's going to stick in the back door with it. Yeah, probably. Huh? I mean, what's more fancival? The devil has sat at any clause. At least Santa Claus, you know, he's fuzzy and he's got a beard. Any, a only, uh, bugs, you only once a year, you know, and comes down and chimney, squirts go off like that. But the devil, he's there all the time doing all these bad things. All this evil. Every time something happened, the devil made me do it. All of these things. That's right. God is good. God is wonderful. God is love. But the devil. Ah, there is the problem. There's the rub. So quit rubbing it. There's West Palm Beach, hello. The N8. Yes. Yes, I am. Yes, I am. I just want to tell you what I feel. And all these guys who need handguns. Yeah. A bunch of pussy faggots. That's right. And, uh, what I said. That's what it was. And how come there's a quarter of a million handguns? I guarantee it's your all the history has no penis. Use some of this. You're in tea. 250 million handguns. Does that mean, uh, one thing I've got to follow. I'm pushing. Well, things kind of five each. No, that's one per person. We just haven't spread them around. We haven't distributed them all yet. Okay. Thank you. That's right. Just like a lot of sports bag. It's a call in on this radio station who are lives are obsessed with the guys running while with type pants and jocks raps on. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, while the slime. But devil, all the devil's going to get you. I mean, stop and think about that. Really just just stop. I know it's very difficult to be pressing. We don't want to be depressing. Well, think about that. People who really honest to God. Oh, he's a guy. Yeah. Honest to F and God. Believe in the devil. And you know, the devil is horny all the time. That's why sex is evil because devil's got those horns on. That's right. He's got those two big crooked hooked rough. It's like not telling you one thing better than the antlers on the mantelpiece. How about the devil's horns? That would be something. Then you can tell some stories. You're ran kids. How you got you the devil. And you got his horns right there on the mantel to show it. Right, Mickey? Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. Great. I just want to comment. I'm sticking tired of people blaming guns for all the problems of this country. Right. Great man. Guns are beautiful. Hey. Guns are wonderful. Hey, you believe in your first amendment, right? Don't you? Yeah, right. Don't waste my time with the baloney about a well-regulated malicious icon. I'm not sure. Sure. Don't tell me what I should believe you asked me. I don't care what you believe. Okay. I don't guess what. And I don't care what you believe. How do you like that? Gun Hugger? I was going to listen to you. But if you don't care what I believe then go listen to some other show. Find out what a large ass Limbo believes, he'll agree to you. He'll agree with all your right wing bull crap all the way down the road. He doesn't care what I believe. See what I'm saying? I'm delighted to discuss calls. Because he's a classic example of the gunhuggin mentality. He doesn't care what anybody else believes. I mean, they had slain before the revolution before they used Civil War 2. that because Jefferson had slays and slept with at least one of them therefore should be okay today is that what that means sir probably in his mind yes at least put them in the right place you know this balloony about well this says this and it says that and by the way speaking that I'll tell you another part of the big problem we got in the market today and it is to cut a cliche but it is also true now that we got people like lonely fifty dollars on jury spent on their and all these other media horrors the pontificate share their expertise with us is that they know something lawyers see an America you want to know that the average crimes but hey guess what people don't get punished all the time because if they got enough money or enough fame like oj and they got the right attorneys in there to write lawyers to manipulate the system we don't ever punish them they go on play golf every day that's right lawyers with no conscience scumbag lawyers defending scumbag plants people are threatened the real danger to all society that's what America's all about we don't give a crap about justice we just give a crap about who can afford the best lawyers with no conscience right johnny cock ring yeah may you think of the my uh... all of the all of the stations are giving away for the cancels are giving away for the dead real live where we either the have them deported. Not heo, dumb, heo. He's a headquarter when you hear this, and win a Mexican. Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans. Fading and delossic the Mexicans is winners responsibility. Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans. That's a great single-bio with your own home. Every day with your very own Mexican people to think the win. Okay, 144 at 560 WKM, let's think about a mile. Unfortunately, it's not that anybody in this town interested in that holiday? No, we have any Mexican here. We've decided down there in like a Florida city, picking grapes. Why is that? Why don't we have some nice Mexican here? I'm sorry, I should never have asked you that question. I mean Luis Miguel, he's nice, he's okay. Here's the Hollywood, hello. Neil. And then there's yes sir. Yeah, a couple things. I've been listening to you. I'm trying to write my art paper, but I couldn't help but call. I'm a younger guy, you know, I'm going to 25, you know. But I think this whole situation with all the violence and everything with these kids blow and nothing Everything. I think it all starts with the parenting, you know? I'm going to use myself as an example. Okay. I was like 12 years old, I was taken hunting. Okay, by my path through the church. Okay, my name is in hunting by the pasture of the church. Yeah. Why is that? Well, my mother was single mother. You know, and I didn't really have a father figure or anything. Right. And the pastor had stepped in. Whatever. And you know, it might be messed up. Pastor taking a little kid to go to animals. Yeah, but it's on your respect for handguns. Okay. Okay. The other thing is that my mother was a strict disciplinary. She didn't beat me, but she spanked me. Right. And I was going, yeah. You know? And you know, at the time when she did it, whatever, you know, I'd be pissed out of me because she spanked me. Whatever. Now I fully understand. You know, and I think that these kids today are taught that as soon as apparently the handgun that is child abuse and not having to get a lawyer in the parental malpractice right. Right. And you know, and now the parents are scared to death to discipline their kids so they give them time out. What the hell is that? You know, that's nothing. You know, and one of my friends, no, I'm not proud of this, but one of my friends that, you know, I met in high school or whatever, he had grown up two parents in the household, no discipline whatsoever. He's now doing life and raffer. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. I mean, no respect for human life. Nothing. You know, but me, I have a single parent with a mother that taught me from the get-go, you know, the respect human life. You know, so I think some of that has to be done about the parenting situation. And I know we can't say that, you know, parents have to be licensed to have kids or whatever. But I think that we can hold parents responsible for the kids actions. Amen. You know what I'm saying? Right. Amen. But, uh, I've ever request. Yes, sir. Um, it's like the limer, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah. At the end, is that if you think this song is dirty? Go out for yourself. Right. And can I call someone to do something? Yes, sir. Yeah. Everyone that's playing football today in Cooper City tonight. Do you speak? Okay. See you later. Yeah. Which one is that? If you think this is dirty, go out for yourself. What is that? Oh, it's not a dirty. Oh, farmers don't. Boy, you're right. That's happened. Huh? Oh, if farmers don't are is in this? No. You put a farmer's daughter in the in the assing. There's her cock to miss. There's no farmer's daughter in the dog. Oh, I'll find her. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Like, didn't there either? No, it's not in there. I'll get to it. Just a couple minutes. I know where to put my finger on it. And a bit too. Okay. Where we going, here's a big pine key. Hello. Sir. How are you today? Great. All right. I'm calling into a response to that call you had. I think it was on tape about the lady that's. Oh, yeah. It's an old one, yeah. Yeah. I believe so. By the way, for the guy that comes in, I don't care what you think. Guess what? We don't care what you think either smart ass. I think we're going. I'd like to put my two sets worth in of how much I think your values are excellent and we as corporate women to our family and use them for our kids every day to get a daily job of real God. Right. And I got my head screwed on straight. Your DNA to make all the sense and we'll do the harm and. That's right. Period. That's it. It's so simple. It's such common sense. What's the big deal? Doesn't cost any money. Don't have to go to some stupid service and mumble a lot of stupid words. Right. You don't have to pray to some supernatural being that certainly doesn't exist. And every response anyway. Correct. And two years ago, I could get my fun into Boydcouts because we had put down. We didn't believe in God. This year, he's got to start because he believes in God now. So what he said is the pledge he says, Neil God. There you go. So there is a God. And God bless you. Yes, you got into the Boydcouts. Thanks God. Keep up the good. Thank you. Oh, keep saying that. What do you say that? It's like, you know, it's like it's like the assholes that kept asking where they were the armacos on the TV show on Miami. See, I never should have done that because I thought that there might be a little bit of intellect out there that people might understand that it was a joke that it was a terrible, that it was a biting commentary. And like, oh, how come is he like really religious isn't that kind of hypocritical? You know, like, what is that? Where the hell did that come from? How can you get that with two teas, baby? Yeah. Yeah. Well, even this thing's acting up today. Well, I want to pick on Darryl again. You leave him alone. He deserves his 80th chance, don't you? You're right for 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, and the 18, 2 while this line. Oh, he just makes so much stand sense. When you're going to stop saying these things, yeah, that's a problem too much sense. They got it, you know, I don't care what you think. Well, and great, why would you call somebody if you don't want to have a conversation? What's the point? You want to make a speech? Get yourself a little soap box. Go out on a street corner somewhere. Me and Tim, I'm talking to hundreds of thousands of people every week. And this guy, you know, he'll want to have a conversation because he doesn't care about anybody else thinks I'm not supposed to be agreed with him. Which we all know exactly what that is. That's the American fucking way. Well, I'm looking now because I don't trust that.