One-4-kramer, 56-92 AM Miami port hunting for loader deal presents nour grateful for their underpaid $50?" Bai Lam Six List. 750-0'56-Ret�e, 14th必- Predated包ring, or Palmunft-56-Nigerent Elifov. The amount rings of neal is, guests, haulers are. Anyone else on the show did not necessarily reflect those of No. Qam, easy, rev buenos positions, or a B's-스�에 broad pass crew? Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5-6V Q8. So speaking of the quality of the first team show this morning, I'm gonna take it to last couple hours, especially the part with Brian Murray. That was a two hour blow jab. What a suck up job that one. That's it, you have to stop. Not that you have to stop. Not that you have to stop. What the heck? Let's play through one sun for the main hoodie. 익y rock LCD. Parties that employed us. I feel like they're doing actual credits there. This effort gedible to the floor. C'mon. Then calcul butter. Oh Rock,ов are all. But the result is it that good. This roll, no pain. I think George is most expected on where we are. It's a very, very dangerous idea there just before we came on the air. It was asking me, you know, how come one, they have absolutely nobody left to do these fillings, but everybody's either on vacation or the route of town or we have a gap to fill in there, a big gigantic dome. Back you in the fill. How come we can't find somebody else from the market to do like a fill in show and not a sports show? I said to him, I said, you must be really losing it. You're way out of line. You're out of step. I was in the car going to the store which I have a great record store. I hate records like poison and now even more every day a little bit more than I used to. But I was in the car just as a matter of fact when just, just a gaggy was on last night. And I'm going to tell you, it's enough to make me want to pull my car over to the side of the road and start crying. Not just how bad he is, which we already know that, but the fact that there are people calling him. Haven't I told you that before? So you don't, you don't get it. People like this, Lou guy that called five minutes ago, the second last call on the worst thing this morning. Who needs a lobotomy and a guy's there right about that? Who's got this, this whole thing, I see, I don't understand people who have all this time in their life that these are the kinds of things that they're concerned about. These are the, I'm talking about adults. I'm not talking about little kids, you know, who got there a scrapbook and their baseball cards and their football cards. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about grown adults who have allegedly have a life and these are the things that they're worried about. And did Tony Martin choose to come down here and sign with the dolphins because so we could have his trial here with his buddies Danny boy and that more and all these other people going to court to be character witnesses and testify with a good guy with. See, they have this thing going on now, it's called a trial. I know that comes as a great chunk to you. It's not like the O.J. Simpson trial where it's being televised and everybody in the over the world is talking about it every day and we're seeing the evidence and getting all this information. It's not like that. It's a trial that's going on. And the jury will find a meter guilty or not guilty of conspiring this money laundering crap and the life will go on. But there is this endless supply of theories and hysteria and this lube guy would, oh yeah, he came here because Danny could go and testify to his character. Did Danny ever play with him by the way? No, yes he did. Sure he did. And I'm thinking of the Jimmy Johnson ever coach him was my question. No. Which I guess is maybe the reason that didn't have him come and testify. Just absolutely unbelievable the kind of things and so Joseph Gackie comes on here the most boring man in the history of the human race. Well, if he could coach the ball, he'll play. There's no sense in discussing him if he could coach the ball, he'll play. That's 50 cycle tone. It doesn't waver. It doesn't go up. It doesn't go down. Joseph Gackie stopped. There is no question about it. And you're suggesting we put somebody on here. Like maybe it may be make a deal with the cops people. You know, and if we couldn't carry Phil show alive, well, let's have a take. Put three hours of four hours of Phil Henry in there from six to ten. Phenomenal. Are you sure positive? I mean, cadmats, Joseph Gackie. But you've got to understand. This is a station for neurotic sports nerds. See, that's one of the reasons I mean, forget that this is in the hockey town and this is going to run or suck in Ryan Murray's butt. That was a two hour blow to I mean, it was unbelievable. But the good news is I come to work this morning. I'm turning the corner and I'm wondering to myself, because I'm listening, I was lucky enough in between CDs to catch the whole thing. And I'm wondering am I going to be lucky enough to see Brian to see this spokesman. When I come to the building, I walk into building. I punch the elevator button. The elevator opens up. It's the spokesman and my good buddy Mike Hansen from the organization. Now, let me just say this first of all. I like Brian Murray personally. It's not personal. He's a good guy. I've no problem with him personally. His brothers and asshole, but that's, you know, I can't play him for that. Although he did bring him in here. But he'll be gone soon. And my Hansen's a good guy brought me, you know, he's okay. Never stole a free train. And we show, Hans, although not as enthusiastic of a hand shake is I got from where you're witnessing on the plane the other night. And not nearly as erotic. But you know, I had a hand shake, a little couple of, you know, humorous lines and they waddled out the door and that was it. But I heard that. I mean, it was an unbelievable sucks job again. Do I hear any conversation about that? Of course not because you see first of all, the discussing you've read, have to have hockey fans, which we don't have. And number two, you'd have to have people who could really discuss it because they had an interest in it. These people aren't really interested in football or Tony Martin or Dan Moreno or Jimmy Johnson. This is a substitute for a life. These are neurotic no life people. Because there's no way, if you could hear the things that they were calling up and discussing, would go to the gacky last night, I'm serious. Everybody in this, everybody in this audience would pull off the road right now if you're in your car and cry. There'll be a two hockey job easy. And you'd have to wonder, are these set up calls? Are these real people? Are they're living and breathing people or really care about these things? Or serious? Oh, yes, what you didn't do. I know that's one, that's right. Well, that's good. Didn't reboot the phone. We're only here about 100 hours ahead of time every morning, but we keep forgetting that after we had to Diddle around with Greg Reid's horse ball equipment every day to try to make it work, to make the phone work. See, so right off the batwork begins that I don't think they had to do it in there, but in here for some reason. Oh, they have a tell us, like we used to have it the other place that I would eat. I beg your pardon. They had the tell us brand to always work. They have a real phone system for the sports people. And we got this piece of craft getner, which sucks. And their attitude is really surly, by the way. Who management are getting there? Both. How do you like that? I never knew that. Now that now the plot thickens, baby. So not only the sports people get whatever it is they want. They do all these shows on the ISDN $50 billion worth of phone bills. And that's no problem. We not only can't get a got at him, 800 lines for the highest rate of show on a radio station. We got a piece of craft phone system and they got a tell us in there that works. That they don't have to reboot every day just to put a got him phone call on the air. Honey, you're like that. That's what we got from Gregory Reed. We signed the pile of craft at a bunch of lies. So let me emphasize again, Gregory's, Nizedner's phone system. That even, even, a radio shack would be too embarrassed to pedal it. What does that tell you? They wouldn't touch it with your hand. Just, and you're talking about putting a non-sports show on here. Does that show you how far are you, you've lost contact with reality. What's going on around here? This is a sports bar with a microphone somebody once told me, Mr. This isn't a goddamn radio station. This is a place for sports junkies for no-life nerds. Who want to find out about that guy who plays a pie-it-in for the Vikings. And if he's going to be any good, what he gets out in five years. You better get your priority straight now, Mr. And that's the demetrius underwood. I'm going to tell you he never stole a freight train in Michigan State. Maybe your Kabus or Tubah, no freight train. Ten minutes after ten, at five, 60WQM. Anybody interested in that hockey interview with Brian Murray? No, well, I am. I'll talk about it. In fact, I might do a hockey show today. Because I'm so goddamn far up in this hall. You better get your hands around. How much has been bad, I doubt it though? All on and so, you're so big. All right. By the way, I hate to wear the news here, but you know Jennifer, take a look what happened to my cat. She is a moon. You have not a blue beard. You're always being so busy. Oh, I mean, I'll be. You know, I mean, I'll be. You're black, good coat, that was not ever, never even. You're the one. You're the one behind me. It's the person I've got. But not could you be done. And the distance won't be come no more. Because I can never tell me if it was tonight. You would have been stuck in the middle of the sky. And don't get me. And don't be me. Now you're not the me. They were the glad I'd be, but I'd be the one. You have not a blue beard. You have not been with the king. So you're the tiny. And you have not touched with the big, Oh, she's been. I mean, I've been. And you have not a blue beard. I hate to break the news. You like her. But they had, she was one of those who definitely, if she was smart, which evidently, she ain't a smart, she thinks she is. She would never have allowed them to put on that making of a video on MTV because last night at 10 30 on MTV, I watched an amazement in the punishment that she is a really scankey broad. Now if you watched TRL last night, by the way, does anybody can anybody tell me who the guest host were on TRL last night? As Carson must be on the K. Hey Carson, not that we don't like you. But don't come back anytime soon. Nick and Jeff from 98 degrees with a guest host last night and did a great job sensational job. Nice going Nick. But at any rate, they had Christina Agalera on. It's not Ag, you'll air by the way, Jeff, but nevertheless he's going, you know. But they had her on. She is just as scabby as I thought she was. She is really ugly. And I'm not saying you got to look great to be a good singer, but of course most of the videos now as you know are done with the hot looking young people who supposedly are really hot numbers or at least made up to look real hot like Jennifer Lopez. Even George admitted very roofily this morning that she is grow test. Bad. I mean, it hit her under without to make up. I'm going to tell you, she is so she, I'm a scale of 10, I give her about a four. And being generous, maybe a three and a half. She really is. She's bad and doesn't have large, gigantic melons or anything else to go for. Except they have dulled her up and again through the miracle of electronics. They've gone, please don't even don't do that once today. Please, I'm begging you. I can't. I'm going to be so neurotic if I see you do that even once. Don't do it. Just do it. Just do it. Registrate. I know. That's what I'm saying. Don't do it. I don't care. I don't even care anymore. I'm just, you know, I'm just, you know, but I'm just hanging on for like two more days. You know what I'm saying? I know, but they, I don't care. You have no idea. I don't care. I do. No, stop caring. Stop here. I want you to say it. I don't care. It's like the Chinese say I don't care. They say don't care. Okay. They just say it again. I don't care. I'm going to destroy them. Good. I'm fired. Yeah. I don't care. I don't care. But you two A.N. Yeah. Corridable cell phone? Yes, sir. Let's go to Corridal Gamble's on the cell phone. Hello. I don't nail. Okay, sir. Yeah. I thought the girl Christina Aguilero was there, right? Gross. Yeah. She was a better than beautiful Lopez. I would agree with that. I mean, she's got that beaky chicken he knows and she's got real scrawny arms and a little tiny chicken fingers. But she's better than better than Jennifer. What a bitter disappointment. That's the most must have been. Well, every time she Jennifer, whatever show it is, she's always whip thinking, even if it's like in a little close through studio. She's, I don't know why she lip things. She can't sing for crap. She doesn't look good at all. She's really pretty scabby looking. But they have managed to take her. I guess it must be a Puerto Rican thing. They figured it over for Ricky Martin. We'll get a bunch of Puerto Ricans in doll. I'm up into the work for them and guess what? They have to freaking jackpot, you know? Again. It's funny because, you know, she tries to be so articulate. But you know, like, you know, when she's off camera, she talks like, he's not a George mentioned that because you got that anti-Porty Rican. Like, a real bronze Puerto Rican. Yeah. Real quick. That switch should take up that switch for it and got your ass. I think she might have keep talking like this. Now you got to admit, Nick and Jeff from 98 degrees did a great job last night. Oh, yeah. I'm going to go to the show. Yeah. I'm going to go to the show. Okay. Thank you. Okay. There's a guy shot TRL. And by the way, number three last night at the counter was Tom Green and the bomb bomb song, which I got it on tape. I should have put it on kiss. So that would kill some good time because it goes on forever. It is so long. And I really, really funny to be honest with you compared to all the other stuff Tom Green does. But nevertheless, he told me, said, all you kids vote for the bomb bomb song and they did. Number three first week on. Just bring the table, put it in from the tape, save a generation. Very good. Okay. Yeah, because you want to see all the good stuff on it. Well, yeah, probably 98 degrees. No, you watch. We're going to get a lot of great calls here today. Just do through the Joseph Gackie. It doesn't get all the calls on this radio station. That people can actually discuss that with things that you noticed by the way. And let me just say this to you. I know that a lot of people out there, especially if Dan Marino's name is mentioned, they start doing cartwheels. They get very emotional. They start breathing heavily because this town is basically like I told you before as far as so called sports people. If Danny this and Jimmy that and Jimmy this and that. And you know, something you can just pass out from it. We know that your roses got for Dan Marino blow up bells just in case any of the first three, you know, blow out so to speak. But it's terminal. They have this thing. It's called a character witness, you know, when somebody is on trial for like a serious felony, they have to bring it character witness. It wasn't just invented yesterday here in Miami. I know that may come as a great shot to some of the sports nerds out there who are listening. Now even though they wouldn't want to admit it. I know that would come as a tremendous shot to you. But they do bring in people don't do it as character witnesses. I do. If you're going to do it, I have to have blindfold. I can't I couldn't stand seeing it again. Do what? Whatever you're going to do on that phone with those idiots. You don't understand. Yeah, do the reporting to Southern Belveding. You don't understand. I can't I can't between now and Thursday after 12 30 on Thursday, for 10 days, whatever you do, I don't care. It's up I want to go or their life, but it doesn't make it. But you're destroying my life by my. All I can do is to promise that I don't want to see it. I just can't handle it. I'll have an emotional breakdown right here on the show on a year. I'm promising to get that right now. You could go screen. I'm hanging on by a friend. You can hang on by a thread. My trip to Eckridge, I think yesterday was that that was it. That was the end for me of the life in this town as I knew it. It was bad enough going home from here yesterday with all the retards. We had you know, I had a great topic here yesterday and we had, you know, we had some calls on our issues. We'll talk a lot of pushing and punishment. And I'd say, what, what would you say 30% of them or crazy people? You know, you had the one, one of your favorites there, the one that makes up the stories with a dog and Syracuse and his ass was in cargo. And and now I see why usually do one of either two things either cut them off immediately or I'll sit and wait in second endurance contest. You know, last who, you know, and how far he goes before he finishes with a dog winding up in a Bronx and his ass and you know, he went up to the pilot and the pilot was at Amma Faggot. Like that's a bullet. Okay, you know, something I'm proud to be a Faggot. In fact, I'm delighted. I'm ecstatic to be a Faggot, which is why enjoy it. See, and Nick and Jeff so much from 98 degrees on TRL last night. You see, being a Faggot, it's amazing how much stuff there is to enjoy. And then we had the guy with a story about the people who were dying on the plane. And he was given CPR to the one. She had a heart attack. She died. Somebody in a back at a plane. She had, we had all these crazy people yesterday. I drive out of here. I'm going home and there's more crazy people all over the road. It's a full moon. The world is coming in when the storm's the rain accident. People are acting like like like Castro's got that woodpucker thing going again. That must be it. Maybe Fadels got that woodpucker thing going. Really heavy duty. You can tell the days that he's got it going. Because the people in this town just, they lose it. They go all horrific. You just walk outside the, your home and you hear, Oh, you hear that. That sound. And you know, Fadels got his woodpucker working. Then I go last night like I said, the anchors are headed, no, I'm going to hold it. Oh, this was after, this was later on. That's right. I go to get my mail. I stop at Eckridge for like a candy bar. I hate to admit it, but my amateur, your hall like I stopped for a candy bar. And not just the regular candy bar, but they keep them the nice thing they do in that particular store. If they put a bunch of stickers in Milky Way and Mars bars in the freezer in the ice cream compartment, so it stays cool. Nothing like a great, you know, real cold candy bar. I take it to the counter and a much to my amazement. This is Eckridge by the way, over there on Broward Boulevard. There's nobody online. What a miracle. No waiting, no pain, no strain. And here's a girl. I don't know where in a Caribbean, she drifted up from on Wapisa Driftwood or a rubber rack, whatever. She's standing there about 1819 year old young lady and she's hunched over the counter. She's a cashier, okay? She's hunched over, whether it elbows planted on a goddamn counter. Okay? She's not looking at me. She's not really paying much attention. She's not reading something. She's not looking at something. She's not doing any work. She's just kind of like planted there. Like, uh, I mean, I kind of like, like, yeah. So I take the candy bar. I put it down. Not real loud like rude, but I mean, loud enough. So my presence would be made aware if she was like daydreaming. Like, here's a customer wants to pay for this and get the F out of here. Okay? I put it down. She doesn't move. She moves her eyes. Her eyes move to the candy bar now. Okay? This is as much effort as she's willing to make at this particular point. Her eyes move to the candy bar. She looks at this. Oh, and those better cold, those better frozen? I said, yeah, they're real good. And now she's still standing there with her elbows. Now she finally decides she's going to move her eyes a little bit. She picks up her ass. She picks up the candy bar. Put it through the scanner. It comes up whatever it is 89 cents. Whatever that I put down a dollar bill. Now she's gone back to daydreaming again. And the dollar bill is sitting there and she's kind of like looking off of the side and did a little bit like that, you know, kind of like, yeah. And I stood there and I counted one, two, three. I'm counting. I'm counting. This like scouting that. I'm counting. You know, and any language you prefer. I would say at the count of about 600, she finally, oh, oh. And she, you know, the realization that the dollar bill is sitting there and that somebody might actually be willing to pay for some merchandise, takes the dollar, gives me my change, and away I go. And I'm thinking of myself, Mr. Rogers, welcome to South Florida. What you've seen is what you did. Did I mention that I hate Eckridge, but, and I'm not just signaling them out because service down here is impossible anyway, but especially in there. I think they go out of their way to higher geeks. People who haven't got any business waiting on a public who must be working for less than minimum wage. I don't know what, I don't know what to deal with. I'm not exaggerating. I didn't make up. I didn't embellish that story even one ayoda. That's exactly the way it took place. Elbows on the counter totally indifferent. Like, you're bothering me. Don't you understand? I'm here daydreaming. I'm in a world of my own without Peter and Gordon. I'm just standing here like, my name is my own business. And you're bothering me, Mr. You like actually want to pay for something here? What's wrong with you, man? You're bugging me. And she's working in this store. It's like that story I told you about the American Airlines nightmare I had my Toronto trip Friday afternoon and they're coming back. And Friday afternoon after leaving all that time late and all these people getting really an ante and the banana boat part of the airport. Everybody getting more and more aggravated. And one woman had her little kid and split his lip open. And she's got the money. If I arrest you there and all this stuff going on. And finally, at long last, the two people go over to where they take your ticket and you walk through the thing and go through the jetway and get on the goddamn plane. And the girl standing at the counter, the woman, was in no hurry. She's not going anywhere. She's not getting on the fly. She doesn't care if we ever get on there. And the guys try to get her attention. And he finally says, we're ready to board ready to go. And she won't even look at him. She will not even look at him. She's standing there like fumbling around and pushing papers around. And finally, he walks like halfway from where he's standing and over to her. We're ready to board. So many of whatever her name was. I shouldn't have said so via. Cause so V is not good for them by the turn by. Sorry, so via. We're ready to board. Esther, whatever your name is. Oh, man. Welcome to a real unreal place. So what do you think, Danny, you're a Jimmy? 26 after 10 at 5 60 WQM here. Spadning South Florida and the globe. We're working hard to bring you the news. Up to 10 hours. This is WQAF. 5 60 Actions Central News. Good afternoon. The BSO Anti-Sex Division has just released an audio J-POP 10 Jenny's recent raid on another local swing club. There they go. There they go. There they go. So what are you doing your library to have somebody now? Give me that thing before you do any damage. I give up. I give up. I give up. I give up. I give up. There you are. 6 60 Actions Hulu. We're doing something. Okay, Greg, we want you to know the coming August 30th. Last and we'll all be laughing over here, baby. 1900 on the AM died. You better go out and buy one of those new digital radios. 2400 on the AM die. It's going to be done. Oh my. And they got a dead man on the morning. That should be a good start. Of course we got Joseph Gacky. Let's try that. Let's put Joseph Gacky on against diamonds. That should be good for last. 5 60, 505 60, Pont 5 60 on a mobile one line here on a great Tuesday. Here's Miami Beach, yellow. I know I have a little bit of the material for you about all of the stuff about the dolphins. And here it is. Perhaps instead of calling them a dolphins. We should call them the dolphins. Yeah. All fellants. Yeah, because boy, I'll tell you the way they're going. They may be able to feel the starting team of all felons. And somebody cares sir. I pass on. Nobody cares. They want to win. They just want to win. They don't care. I don't know how those teammates there can. They don't care sir. They don't care. They want to win. They want to win. They don't care. Get with it. Okay. 5 6 7. I only want to talk about that. Do I want to talk about Toni Martin? No. But the character witnesses in this course. No. There's nothing to talk about. When the verdict comes in, when a crack goes down, it'll go down and that'll be at either he'll play or he's going to go to jail. One of the other is something's going to happen. And the life will go on. I mean, it's got, it's got to be desperate that that's what they're talking about. Now, it's that Danny showed up in court and they're all these sinister reasons. And that's the reason. And this Lou guys, sirs. Let's get the guys with a butterfly. And that's for that Lou guy that called the worst thing this morning. There are the ones that ought to be tracing the guy that empung calls. That man is certifiable. He needs to be in a rubber room. We need to be protected from him. All in by the way, the guy that called yesterday. He was a little bit early. In fact, last night, the guy that called about the gun that from Seattle at wound up in the shooting in LA. So they had a whole segment on that Bob Sheeper right a segment on the CBS TV news last night about all the thousands and thousands of guns that police departments all around the country. Wind up selling or trading, putting back in other, with having all these programs where the public is supposed to come and turn in their guns and they give money or whatever. And then they take the guns apart and they destroy them so they can never be used again. Why aren't the cops doing that? Is it like a fundraiser? Well, why don't they just write a few more tickets that week? That should be no problem. That's like shooting fish in a barrel. They're selling guns, including automatic weapons they said by the way, and putting them back on the streets. Great. Including that particular gun as a guy called me about yesterday. And his luck would have it. He was right on target. And then he had a whole piece on 50 minutes last night. On the CBS TV news. Does anybody care? No. But there you go. There's your men in blue again. There's your work. That's your real rocket science. You can hear the sounds of the guys who came up with that decision. Yeah. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes sir. You know probably other than the most annoying aspect of the GAC, the other than his voice that before each collar, he has to sit the exact time. That's through a way to buy safety. Here's Neil on a mobile. Really? Exactly 10 minutes. I'll take a minute. Oh 10 minutes. Yeah, that's my idea. Yeah. The other thing is you get to cross examine these characters. You know, of course. I would love to have been that attorney and have Danny up on the stand. To say Danny, he had one free Super Bowl right at the end of your career. Would you still be here too for telling you Martin? Yeah. Other than the fact that you need him right now. Hmm. Okay. Thanks. Oh, you see what I'm saying? You see what I'm saying? I'm getting a reveal. We're on nervous now. I don't think I'm going to make it. Forget about two o'clock. I don't think he'd love any clock. I really don't. Did you listen to the words coming out of that man's mouth? Did you hear what he just said? I'm telling you they can't help themselves here. If Danny Farts, that's worth at least an hour and a half on all the sports shows. I'm telling you, what flavor was it? What did he have for breakfast at morning? Is he in good health? Is his knee going to hold up? All based on the aroma. Here's a lady in Miami. I bet you don't want to talk about Dan Marino. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay. I'm female. I don't want anything. Yeah. Okay. I decided to start with it happening yesterday. Had to go to public for a few things last time around 6.30. I was driving in the parking lot. I think my daughter, while the car's here, is Monday night. You know, that was in the grocery store. When I was a public artist. In Kendall. Oh. Yeah, where are you to live? Hmm. So I thought in the parking lot, I had my two-year-old baby with me. I think my daughter knows what to put on here. Walk in the store. There's no shopping carts. Yeah, they have like 100-to-shop in carts there. Yeah. So I got to catch them. They're going on. They're hurricane-deal. People were fine, water, bread, batteries. I thought I was in Twilight Zone. It was unbelievable. I just, I was, I was shocked. I mean, they were behind everything in the store. Oh, no. They had water out in Kendall's presence. And I just thought, oh my god, I got to go to the city. What hurricane? It is like a tropical depression out there. Yeah, I got to come here by the way. Even Brian, hysterical law across. Even he said, no reason to get psychotic because it ain't going to hit us. I said, right today, I am carrying exactly. It was like the building and group was going to come here. That's exactly how it looks. I mean, it was amazing. It was absolutely amazing. I mean, it was absolutely amazing. I had to call you and tell you, but I mean, people are going crazy. No, you don't need to ask. I'm getting out of here just in time. My vacation couldn't have been time more perfectly. I've been here Thursday. And if I come back, it'll be a miracle. I mean, this is a crazy place. I am. I have two kids too. And we're getting out of here. I don't blame you. Good gosh. But anyway, I love you, show I had to tell you that. Okay, don't forget the batteries. Really? Okay. I don't forget the sky's falling. Go on now. Get the plywood. Get the guy in batteries. Get the water. Clean out the guy in my supermarkets. Like I said, crazy people. 560, 50560. So what do you think about that trial? 560 animal, the one line. Let's talk about Brian Murray a little bit. What do you say? Oh, good post personal friend. It's not personal. It's business Brian. Okay, you're not a bad guy. Never stole. You know what? You've never stole a f***ing blank. You're brothers and asshole. The guys will not play for him. But that sucked job. I heard this morning on the worst team. In fact, I came in. I saw the guys that saw my cancer in Brian Murray on the elevator and to give news. I walked straight up to the window. Looking into that studio in the three, the three stouges were sitting in there. And I did. I put the finger in my mouth. You know, the finger of experience and gave that, kind of sucking motion to the nail. Like they couldn't keep a straight face. That was a two hour blow job. That was unbelievable. It's what that was. Even a mad dog knows exactly what it was. That was just two hour blow job. That was just two hour blow job. How do I help you here today? By the way, from Dolphins camp, how do you like that mad dog you managed? Yeah. What America's great broadcasters. And unfortunately, after that, we got talking baseball with Donny Bee. Which is not a shot at Donny Bee. But nobody cares about baseball around these parts anymore. No. And having for a very long time. And as if that isn't bad enough, of course, that's the predied for the diamond backs at the Marlins at PV Park tonight. Anybody into that? So Greg Reed comes in here today. And what do you, I want? You may lose it yourself. You may be going over the edge. He's telling me. First, I tell him about this phone system, what a piece of crappard is. And he's adding, you know, give me that song that it answers. He's got this great book. He's reading that he wants me to read. Okay. About Italy. Well, I'm very interested in Italy. I love Italy. I've been there a million times. Rome, Florence, etc., Milan. And it's about a guy with a soccer team in Italy. Okay. A soccer team. He then proceeds to tell me that they got this farm outside of Chicago. He and his family, whatever. And they were up there in Chicago, I guess, where we were wondering where he was last week. And he's telling me that they have three sports dates in Chicago and they all suck. He was up there listing the sports radio in Chicago. Right? That's his bag. As if we didn't know. I understand that, but don't you want it. Doesn't he understand that I don't care? I don't care. Well, not. I don't care about sports radio. I don't care about lifeless nerds who have nothing else to talk about. Because the content, the level of the conversation is so juvenile and so infant talent, so melodic and so idiotic. And so down to these little, you know, did they tie their shoelaces right? Did they have the right kind of spikes on for the turf? I mean, things that are so shocking and unnerving and nerve-racking. Didn't know what I'm saying? You follow what I'm saying? Huh? Yeah? So anyway, yes, Jim Menwich will not be at the Dalton's Wine Eye and studio who's just canceled as of two minutes ago for reasons. I just got through promuling it. I'm on here trying to be a team player even though I can't stand as all sports format because it's ponderous and juvenile. And my buddy, Jim Menwich, who's a great broadcaster? Yeah. We'll not be in the Dalton camp, which means he'll be here in the studio. We can give him some more pornography to be well as on the year like last time. Which means it ought to be a great show. Oh, right. 19, before 11 at 5, 60, WQA and McGritty and dumb as dirt. Look at my butt. I'm such a beautiful singer. Although guys they want me from the old to the teenager. I am hot, I have to say. Being real good, I acting so much, I got an assoo. I have chance with the steel for singing. I got so tree-edged in my and a bother like you show. My soul in creamy size had a kid you never know. To see me is to want me. Got a good headboat. My brother's tattooed me. You see me all over M.C.V. Now that it's 40 years. I know you want me. You're a beautiful singer. Beautiful singer. That's 47 at 5. So if you just remember what you see when you're watching television, it's definitely not what you get. But that's okay. It would be like having sex with an anonymous stranger in a very dark place. Thinking you were humping something really great. All of a sudden you walk out of the daylight and they go their way and you go yours. You turn around and you look and you see, oh gee, I just did that. Do you find what I'm saying? That's the same as Jennifer Lopez. Of course, none of you ever going to do her anyway. So I guess it does make much difference. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. As we continue searching for those brilliant calls, like Joe Zagaki had last night here on QAn. The more I think about that, the more it makes me feel like unclean. I need to go take a shower immediately again. I took a real good shower this morning. Like I do every morning. But I feel I need to cleanse myself again because Joe Zagaki was a, In fact, I'm glad we got the Marlins on. Let's hear it for the first time. We love you Marlins. I wanted to like because the Marlins can be on me. Joe Zagaki won't be on. And we all say, oh, right. Thank God. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello, Neil. How are you today? Okay. I am going to buy a thread. I am Puerto Rican from the Bronx. I grew up in Queens. Let me tell you, Jennifer doesn't do squats in me. The only thing she's got a big good day like the African American say. She's got all good day and she doesn't describe it. You know, you know, does squat, you know, does squat for you. Holy, holy, now that's a nice looking chicken. She's with a really good race. Yeah. Oh, there goes that phone again. And she's mixed race, you know, and like Jennifer, Jennifer's got a schnaise cheese, you know, that's totally gross. I was just astonished. I mean, we're looking at her. In fact, I was astonished. There were stupid enough to put her on that thing on in the first place. Look at a management as she got it. They would let them put her on here like that. Neil, I don't know if you like kind of magazine in that, but around six weeks ago or eight weeks ago they had a cover on. Hot Latino store. Yeah, I saw. I can understand Ricky Ricky's a nice looking kid. He's well, jazz, dancing for crap. But yeah, yeah, but he had a little break. He just melts you out. Yeah. Mark Anthony looks like some peccapo, some, you know, interviews, drug user from a Mario. Yeah. And she looks like, you know, a little life. I mean, I'm not, not that I'm a, she looks like a baseball player from the Bronx. You're right. Yeah. I mean, she looks like the chicks that stop on one point market there to give me Jason a beef. But that's all, and the other thing about this thing about the football player or more than whatever I don't get to flying, you know what's going on. Thank you. Thank you. I love you. And I love you. Okay. Let's hear from all the people that don't care about Tony Martin. This will be going a little bit too far. Okay. Somebody who lives in South Florida who doesn't care about Dan Moreno. Doesn't care how old George, what we already know that. That's because you were a miserable spick. Well, I'm saying, and they don't give me wrong. Damn, where you know, is a great athlete. He's been great for the team. And, you know, either they love him or they hate him. He's the problem. He's the solution. You know, he's the pre-eminent athlete, probably, who ever played in his market. Ever. I can't think of anybody else who would even come close. But nevertheless, I mean, there must be people who are just don't care about Dan Moreno, whether he's good or bad. But just don't care if they ever hurt his name again. Because the sports nerds in this town, they're obsessed with it. That's all they know. I mentioned about seeing Ray Whitney on a plane the other night. People are going, who's that? Is anybody we know? This is sad. This is very sad. Like last year, I'll say it again as long as I live. I'll never forget coming back from vacation. The panther's just got Pavelle, Brey and Wabbeiro, but a Brian Murray's finest moments. And he's had a few great deals. Just like picking up Ray Whitney off the waiver wire for 20 grand. Nice going, Brian. And nobody has any idea who I'm talking about. Or as he said, Pavelle Burey, this one, how about pronouncing his name right? Okay, Brian, you're the spokesman. pronouncing his name right, alright? Just a just for your fun. Pavelle Burey. I thought those were the things you put on your nose. The strips to take all the monga. God, Brian, you're just, you're embarrassing. Here's a mobile and forlaterdale, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Make Dan Murray, no, I have gone to Ian, right in the hell. He just is out. Hey, but the stock is ready for this. I'm just checking that out. I'm just checking that out. Jeremy, what is it? The stocker players at the SAMGIS for the organization. Did you hear your talking about earlier? Anyway, I was like a gentle surfing yesterday as well. On Kyoto. Yeah. I couldn't help noticing Christina Eggwia. In her video, she does not. She doesn't look bad. I mean, she's kind of looking a little bit up, but when you saw her live yesterday, Yeah. She wasn't that bad. She wasn't that bad. How young is she young? I mean, that's bad. Not bad about her old she is. No, I'm just kidding. I think that is, you think she was a hot number? She was hot. In the video. And you know, I'm an MTV studio for like 17 or whatever she is, for 16 or whatever. Listen, I want to talk about it. I know the opinion I'll give you is based on my own personal view, which is that of an old troll and old flag. Okay, but I'm going to tell you Nick and Jeff from the 90 to Reads both were looking a lot better and cheated and you know that. How about Jeff? Was he like the, how can we use the MC for MTV? You know, he's cutting off everybody's conversations. Or we're going to go this video now. Hey, little nervous. Just a little bit hyper. I think he was taking the same doggy upper that peanut light. It takes a great day, sir. Yeah, Nick and Jeff were a host co host on TRL. I saved for the rest of the time. Just a car. She had a great life. He's old enough for a pension. Now he's over 20 on MTV. That should be old enough to collect a pension. 5, 6, 70, 5. 60 and past 5, 60. I see, I think everybody's losing it. Like I said, I'm hanging out by a threat. I'm getting out of here just in time. Don't catch Stella was sitting in there with crap falling off her head. And did he, did you get like another haircut or was that like not for real? What did he do? He didn't fit that he do. It's what he's doing. Oh, and you know, something. And this is the guy who came into me a few days ago and said, what did you, what your hair is dry today? Where's that stuff usually? The greasy kid stuff, which is what? Have I ever put stuff on my hair since you've known me? I don't know what you put on your hair. I don't put anything on my hair. No, if I don't. Does it look to you? No. Some days it looks like maybe there's some condition or something in there. There's nothing in there. And how can you tell when there's that few hairs in the first place? Well, that was particularly dry that day. How about my hair? Here's the mobile in Bokeh, hello. Neo God. Speaking. At me to the list, I'll give you a rat dance of that stuff in the park. Tony Marino. Tony, yeah. Oh, Dan Martin. And I'm just growing, whatever his name was. Dan Rowan and I think that I'd like that last time. Do you have any insight as to this new gambling casino that's supposed to be in Margated sample of state road 7? No. You heard about this? Yeah. But it's, you don't know if it's going to happen or what? Well, if it does happen, I'll tell you this. The people at the per mutuals are going to be running for the hills. I'll tell you that. Yeah. I'm all for it. I say, what? If they let the Indians open up full full, full bonus, you know, then all of a sudden they'll say, well, you know, even though it's immoral and the world will come to the end, we can't let them have all the money and so we'll have to make it legal. You mark my word. That's going to happen. That's weird. The only thing that can save this town from total destruction is casino gambling. I think the odds are pretty long, but that's the only thing that can salvage anything for this God for sick and sick hole that we're in. Well, unfortunately, we continue with this governor. It will never happen. Don't be too sure, man. Well, the Indians get it. I hope so. I'm with you. You make a good idea. I brand new religion. Maybe his brother will give him a certain white powder, you know. Have a great day, pal. You too. Yeah, they're not talking about that. I noticed down here George W. They're also not talking about the best freedman story. Just like, you know what amazes me? You have all these headline stories and everybody gets whipped up about them and their pictures on a front page of those paper for a day or two and then they vanish. And I have a feeling the media could come up with a lot of egg on their posts on this story, which wouldn't be the first time, because what if it turns out that these people just did make up the stories to get even, that there was some vendetta there because she made a move out and they were, well, whatever the deal was. Because lawyers, I mean, most of our full of crap, but you know, just by answering a once in a while, they tell the truth, maybe there was no drugs and there was no sex. And all this was just fabricated as a way of paned back or whatever. You know, maybe I'm not saying I don't know. But it's not interesting. How just a few days ago, like the accident of last week, there was a Friday, front page of the newspaper here's the name, the local TV channels are high-preventilating. And now, have we seen any word about it since? No, just like that prostitution ring in Kendall. No, vanish into thin air. Very, very strange. And if this was a community where anybody was really paying any attention, where people really gave a crap about things that were more important than was Danny, what kind of a suit did he worry yesterday to court? You have to really wonder. Yeah. Like I said, what time's TRL coming up? Four before and I want to get different guests to some days, so who gives a crap? Four before 11 and five 60 WQA. Only in the banana republic, baby, only in Miami. And my day, yay, this is not broadcast to go the autoplay. Whether it's believe it or not, it's a feat because I'm a feminine guy. I don't know if it's a feminine guy. I don't know if it's a feminine guy. I'll take a last name and turn to call me, I'm a feminine guy. Feminine guy. Feminine guy. Feminine guy. Feminine guy. Feminine guy. Feminine guy. Feminine guy. 11-two or five 60 WQA. So anyway there isn't a TRL in the US on 10-selo day. And of course there are all over the place's usually. I got a couple of points right now. You were talking in the other day when I went to the airport about double standards. I heard a little tid did before I got there. And that's what the add a TRL has about. It says, yes boys can be victims too as par sexual abuse. But then in the inset, if you listen to the inset, you're living in such a prissy unreal world. That's the problem with you people of the sun, you're worse than the harrel than that regard. You're the biggest bunch of goody two shoes, assholes. I've ever encountered in my life. The inset says, the law rightly regards children under 18 is not emotionally or mentally mature enough to make a fully informed decision about having sex. And let me say it again, like I said last week, almost every other country I can think of, the legal age for having sex is considerably less than that. And certainly 16 or 17 is plenty old enough in this country, especially with the way kids are today. The law rightly regards, see, it's always this goody two shoes posture about the evil sex that was going on, always the hero with the ones that said the thing about the, the semi-orgy, the semi-public orgies at the swim clubs. And I've got the, and because you know gambling is evil, and it'll make you go blind. And then we got the thing about the 18 is rightly, we got, you know, something if I had a dollar for every kid in the American of the 18 that's having sex. I'm not talking about with, you know, 40 year old teachers. I'm just talking about every kid under the 18 that's having sex. I wouldn't be sitting here wasting my time right now. I'll tell you that reading some stupid paper. What, Joe's having sex with the 14 year old girl. Oh, we've been on a trade on the air then. Here's a hell and deal. Hello. Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. At a couple of comments, one I wanted to call you straight enough time to you. You're talking about George W. Bush. How he, uh, he based a den answer I need a question about his drug use. Now, well, he answers to a certain point and they said, that's as far as I'm going to go. I'll answer this, but I won't answer that. Yeah, I think it's a good point. You raised well because it's pretty well known that, you know, he, you like to do some of the hard, core drugs that he's putting, putting some people in jail. Well, what do we, it's pretty well known? Who said that? Where do you get that? It's a pretty well known. He was a big party animal. He did eat bits and coke. He was a big heavy booser. It's not pretty well known. There is no, they don't have any evidence that he did coke. I mean, you're just saying it. I can, I can say you're doing coke right now. You're just saying it. So I have a nice life. But the fact is that the refusal to the night and then saying he hasn't done it. You know, if you say I haven't done it in the last five minutes, that means maybe six minutes ago, you did do it because it's kind of bizarre. That's the way he phrases it. And like I said yesterday, it's really sweet to see the shoe on the other foot now. And all of a sudden, uh, it's some of these right wingers scurming and scurming like crazy. All these goody two shoes bastards. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Hey. Yes, man. I was just, when the, I mentioned that, you know, when I was, I'm 18 now, but back when I was 16, I was having sex. I mean, I was old enough to decide. Yeah. And, and, and, and, another thing, I wonder if you, Jennifer has, does have a, really nasty body. She's gross. She's disgusting. Yeah. You're right. Did you see T.R. right yesterday? No, I missed it. Oh, damn. Knick and Jeff from 98 degrees. Ha ha. Beat there a lot of carcene. They okay. Have a great day, sweetheart. I think. Okay. There you go. And then this editor, it goes on to say the, yeah, I'm, it's talking about double standards and boys and beef. And I agree, you know, it was, it was really something here. All these guys. Oh, yeah. Well, when I was 13, I had this, uh, real hot school teacher. You know, I hate to break the news, dude. I'm the last person to be a pro or a goody to choose the very last online and the human race to be a pro. But let me tell you this, haven't teachers having sex with their students is not okay. It's not acceptable. It's not kosher. It's, uh, grow test. Just like priest haven't sex with the altar boys and none's haven't school, whatever they call the, uh, female version of that. It's unacceptable. And yeah, you enjoyed it when you're 13 or 14 and 15 and we can understand that. Okay, it's wrong. If society's going to make decisions, value adjustments on these things, they have to say, no to that. But then I love that when they go on and they see this editorial here this morning, the, which as usual, like I said, they're all over the place. The accusations against treatment are sickening. The boy, now 16 claims treatment not only had sex with them on numerous occasions of 18 months, but sometimes as other students to watch them having sex and plied him with illegal drugs, including marijuana and cocaine. The accusations are sickening. Well, you know, but they're only accusations. And there is no more on the news pages. All of a sudden, all the information about this is run dry. And then there are a lot of suspicions about the whole scenario. They're the family moving in with them and, uh, what the financial arrangements were and who knows. But the accusations are sickening. They're disgusting. They're probably puke and their guts out all over their goddamn big desk over there, all over their brusbrothers' suit and the son sent light editorial office. They're so sickened and nauseated by it. God, what anybody would give a nistan for a real newspaper, you know. And what we give here for a few real callers on this show. Like I said, I turn on Joseph Gakitor and an aides moronic shows and there's this endless supply, so same 150 people had baldy talked about five years ago. He was right. He was that. That's one of the only things he's ever been right about when he talked about this radio station. To say 150, 200 nerds over and over and over again. They're always there just lined up like a bunch of sheep. So it doesn't really make any difference if he put on Joseph Gakitor even somebody good like mad dog. It doesn't make that much difference because it's the same simple ones with the same idiotic mumbo jumbo. And it just tears my kishki's out. They have to witness it and be a party to it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th, you line. There's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, I'm re about the Tony Martin trial. I see that more said that Tony Martin would be a good role model. So let me ask you something. Why do you care? What difference does it make? Yeah, I love trouble with kishki. It doesn't make about Tony Martin. Why is everybody who's a sport nerd in this town so with them about Tony Martin? I'm working sort of up a comment that more made that he's a role model for kids. Yeah. Why has he been convicted of anything yet? No, he's not. So why don't you wait till the trial is over and find out if he's innocent or guilty. And then you'll find out whether he's a good role model or not. Okay. That's Matt Moore's opinion. He knows him. Do you know him sir? Sure you don't. Like I said, got it. And this is evidently a hell of a lot bigger than I thought it was. All the other scumbags that came down to play from Lawrence Phillips. You name it and the Cecil well they're not not concesal because he runs like the wind. Baby's that all those great moves are not knocking him. So they don't care about any of the other criminals. This guy hasn't been convicted of anything yet. And already, oh, pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop. You know, crazy people like I said. Five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Six seven hundred open lines to this morning again. God, you're breath beautiful. Hey guys, have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend what's really on your mind? Like when she asked, it is dance making the fed. Well, now you can. With the Mr. Haking Method Service. Hello. Hello, Nicole. I'm here that you're having a little wait problem. You mean that's right. You've got more chin than a Chinese on the. What the fuck are you talking about with the Mr. Haking Method Service? You can get it all off your chest and she'll never even know it to you. My gosh, your conversation's thanks. I could smell it all the way over here. You will my girl, tell you you piece of shit. If her ass is getting big, let her know. Call 1-800-Hanky-One. It's a lot of 13 and five. We could use that little I like that thing right here and that little. Whatever that is. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the other 18-teal. I'm not going to talk about Tony Martin. Especially the guys like this last guy who's already convicted him. Okay. He's a bad role model because he laundered drug money. He's on trial. Sir, can't you wait a couple of more days, a few more days? Can't you wait till I go on vacation? Because quite frankly, it's nauseating to me to keep hearing. It's especially my little effect. And all the other scumbags people who had been convicted of growth test crimes. They got nothing to say about any of them. But because Dan Rita went and testified as a character witness yesterday, now all of a sudden this is a big story again and everybody, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, all these great sports fans that's only want to talk about. Ryan Marie that was under this morning, making excuses for Rob Needer, my reggae about how he needs to hit somebody in the head once or twice. And then the fans will like him better, which is a pile of crap and making excuses and covering up all the bad deals he made, which is why I'm head of waste all the money, paying off the Kirk Mollers of the world. You're not fooling anybody. Okay, Brian, you were a good guy, but you made it. You know, some good deals and too many bad mistakes. Too many bad bad moves and the worst move, bring it, bring it in your brother who's a hard ass and the team to want to play for, which is the reason that the whole season hinges on Pavel Barais, and if he stays healthy, you had this team might be able to make the playoffs. But the problem being that this team never develops the youngsters in the organization. They're all these promising kids. They never get any better, but like, right, Warren, or they trained them into Buffalo and all of a sudden. But I'm being used to playing great. He's in a guy that instantly got finals. He's playing like a superstar. He's playing dynamite defense. So maybe there's a little problem somewhere in the organization, okay? It's not the youngsters in the organization, but somebody in the organization that don't bring them along, don't develop him into what they, their potential like me. Maybe that's a possibility. Did they ask that question this morning? No, no. They were two of these sucking around. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. New. Yes, sir. Man, that Bob Butterworth and that Ken Jenny are the worst thing that ever hit Florida in like a million years. Yeah. Guys, put, I mean, Bob Butterworth, wherever on the state, and he put me out of business with his moral, you know, BS. Put you out of business with one. I used to, you know, why do various forms of went? What I used to do out of title notes. Yeah. And we got called everything from loan sharks, the predators, to whatever. Okay. So we're out of business now. Yeah. Where are these people getting the money? And getting the money? I get about 30 phone calls a day and these people can't get the money. Okay. So they're a lot better up there right here. Here's a mobile in West and hello. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil, how you doing? Okay. One thing, Miss Green, and that's feature. My son's 16 years old and he goes to that school. On the news, ever did you say school in Hollywood? Did I say that to school was in Hollywood? Yeah, that's what I thought you said you were reading. He probably lives in Hollywood. I don't know why to remember where the school was. Yeah. I was in the market. My son went there and actually he was selling it. The teacher was silver-lazed middle school's. Yeah. Yeah, and marketing. My son said she happened to be a real teacher. Got along with all of the guys. He had only sexualizing our guys. The kids and everything like that. She was straight. It was going all the kid liked her. Yeah. When he found out about it, actually I haven't heard the name yet, but I don't know what she did is. But when he found out about it, he can believe it. Also on Jennifer Lopez, I think you should stick to 98 degrees and all those other guys. Jennifer Lopez is very, very hot. No, she's not. Yeah, leave that to the guys. Sure. I'm asking the guys in here and they also said the ones that saw the making of the clothes. Oh, come on. Guys, they don't want to stay on what I argue with you. They don't know you could go on any other. No, they don't. They don't know you could go on any other. No, they don't. No matter what I say, you know, you always stick to this thing. And I know you think you're all stick to 28 degrees. Stick to that guy stuff you've figured you know nothing about women. Sure, I got to tell you right now. I haven't pickable taste. Okay. In fact, I'm sometimes astonished and appalled at the really crappy taste that a lot of you straight guys have got. See, real good looking straight guys with real skanky looking broads or the other way around. Real beautiful women with the guys that look like a liar. I love it. Just like the guy in the 98 degrees video. That's there at the altar where they are the readers girl there. That they're all like, huh? The guy that you winds up mirroring that what they probably don't know. I can't tell him a card except the one I'll buy no. She doesn't marry any of those. You missed the whole point of the video. You're so obsessed looking at her boobs. You missed the whole point of the video that they're all like doing her and whatever. And recording her and giving her a ring. And she's at the altar and they said the breaks come on there and a song. And they show she's getting married to a guy who's just like, Lionel, I love it. You never saw that guy. I thought it was one of the bands. Even the albino or all of that bad. Both of them. Now even he don't look that bad. You better get with it, okay? And quit arguing with me like this guy said. Yeah, Georgia will agree with everything. I'll say not. Usually disagree just to be a prick rhymes with spick. Just as a personality. If you sure if you want to think that Jennifer Lopez is really hot, I'm happy for you, okay? What they can do with makeup and camera angles and all the other. That's why they shouldn't be doing that. That whole series, the making of the video is a tremendous disservice to allow these performers because they show you how marginal a lot of me look. Now Brittany on the other hand, I'll grant you without them. It comes you didn't look quite as she looked, okay? And what they were real or not, I don't think anybody really cares. That's the, exactly. That's where they're floating right now. Here's a mobile and for a lot of deal. Hello. Yeah, yes, sir. How you doing? I want to talk about these bright wingers and hypocrisy. Yesterday Jerry Falwell was on Hardball with a heraldary barrel. And he was saying that the disc and pass doesn't. Okay. Little worked up today and now we got him going. That's good. He said the same thing as something like that. By the way, I'm supposed to tell you that the guy at the altar is speech from saved by the bell, which I would have no idea. Save by the bell is that silly show that's on Saturday morning. What do you want to see or not NBC? They just can't get away from that in reruns for the eight minute time. Screech. Screech. Now that they mentioned that he still looks the same. A little bit older, but he still is just his growth test because he was on that show. See, every show like that's got to have a nerd. Every school show. Just like, what was this show with John Revolt that was in? What was that show? Welcome back, Carter. Welcome back, Carter. Now what was the nerd on that show? Horse stack. Horse, yeah, horse, the crap. Yeah. Horse, crap. Yeah. Here we show like that in TV. Always got to be one nerd. Just like there's got to be nerdy parents like unhappy days. There's got to be time, Bosley, and the parents are always like real goofballs and real, you know. A real good reflection of American life. 560, 50560, Pont560 on the 18th, and give me Archie Bunker in the George Jefferson any day of the week. And eat it too. Eat it, that is. Here's a point in beach, yellow. Neal. Yes, sir. Okay. First time, long time, at a fellow foot flusher. Yes, sir? Got a question about what do you mean a fellow foot flusher? I'm not a foot flusher. Oh, well, you know, all the other foot flusher is out there. Okay, not me. I got a little insight to that foot flusher and thing. Yeah. When I was younger, I used to have a job wherever, once in a while, I had to, you know, clean the restrooms. I think these people bend over and aim their ass at the toilet and just let it fly. Yeah. You've seen that so many times. You don't want to touch the thing anymore. All right. I got a question for you about Florida law enforcement. What the heck is going on with these signs out on the street? Speeding finds double. What is that crap? That's arbitrary. In other words, if there's construction there or there's been construction at any time in the last six or some years, or if they just had a bad mood when they get up in the morning, they just put something. What the heck is it? I mean, what's the copper right on the ticket? Oh, by the way, Judge, double the fine? I mean, you go ahead and court and they say, hey, we felt like putting a sign up? No, no, he just he'll just write out whatever the fine is based on where he gave it to you. I'd like to know by what legal means they're allowed to do that. And see, now you're nitpicking, sir, this is Florida. They don't worry about legal means. Like I said, it's arbitrary. And if they decide it says, it's just like the FCC. They pick and choose which words we can say and which words we can't. What topics we can discuss, which ones we can't. And then go try and argue with them. Okay, so city hall, you know, if we can put some of our own signs up, whatever we want, you know? How about how about we put up signs today? No speeding fines. Right. How about no speed limit period? Right. There you go. There you go. Okay, pal, good busy. Thanks. Another foot slusher. I'm sorry. I mean, two inches long. If that makes you feel a little bit safer, but the people that are really germ neurotic, I'm just a little worried that something they're going to be like Howard Hughes on a bed day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, TNT line. See, there's a message here. I know it's really dangerous. And even I was again a little carried away with that bed freedman story because it was right on the front page. But, you know, she deserves to have her side story told. But it would seem to me that in the case like that instead of disappearing for a day, all I can understand she was in total shocking psychosis. But instead of just disappearing, there should be an immediate denial. Let's never happen. And here's what really happened. Now let's go to court and figure it out. As opposed to letting the media crucify you and then trying to like, you know, when you reputation back, which don't work too good. Here's POPPOB, Chelo. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a camera right now. Christine Haggillers in the front page of these sunset and the lifestyle today. I don't know if you want to check that out. Yeah. And cops are out on University and McMab Road. I don't know when under the age of 112 drives down that road. So, just, oh, okay. That's all I got. I'll play slow down. But in their case, I don't think they could. No, I doubt it. Okay, thanks for the bed. Oh, fine. Yeah, here's Christine to the mosque. It's here that Roor. She was a mosque a tear by the way. And looks every bit the part. Now that's a pretty flattering picture. Okay, Tito look too bad. And not great. But she is for her that they too bad. Christina. If you saw her last night on TRL, you had she's got a hockey beaky nose. Okay. And she's real real scrawny and her fingers are like pencil. I mean, she's a scrawny. She looks anorexic. And if that's your thing, their guys are in anorexic chicks. Okay. That's what you like. Believe me, Christina is your bag. Like when But we think all of these really beautiful people out there and then they take these marginal people See I could understand it if it's somebody who's really talented They can really sing if they're great singers you know is Jennifer Lopez a great singer. Oh, it's Ricky Martin a great singer. Oh, huh is Christine Agalera a great singer? Oh If you start with the Nick from 98 degrees who happens to be a great singer, whether you know what or not 567 that won't be disagreeing that guy will call back which is the last thing I need to be talking about Tony Martin again Tony, yeah 567. Oh 567. Yeah, he's a better singer than Ricky Martin Remember old Tony Martin I bet you don't remember him. He couldn't sing you there by the way Here's Oakland Park. Hello Hey, oh, yes, sir. I'm so sick of these lawsuits anybody should be sued It should be that Joseph Zuki For a rare radio Okay, I love it to Zuki. I love it. Yeah How about to how about your lawsuit this how's that going? What lawsuit is that that the IOT? Oh, yeah, there we go. That's the bridge that a raiseholder game to that guy Yeah, that is idiot See what I'm saying and it must be it just before labor day now And I'm going on vacation very soon not soon enough But it must be now we finally reach we've bottomed out. You know I've been predicting it all summer actually We've held up okay, but I think we finally bottomed out we're done of the drinks There couldn't possibly be anybody here now except lose was like this guy I got lost and what a bridge that Oh boy 5 6705 60 we're hanging on by a shoelace baby pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line We got the mad dog not at all the capital in studio. They probably the phone line broke down or something You know something something crap out over there as usual That's one good thing you know when you're technically in that pin real cheap like this If it is always scheduled a lot of outside remote. That's always a real good idea 1126 a Q.A.E. rents palm as soon as a douche bag We had strong brew no that watered down sucks so to demonstrate this lift heaves drop on this Saturday night day. Hey, Julie. Want to get naked now? Oh, I know that's our first date. So what? Look at make it go away. You're moving make your fast hormone boy now. Let's check back in after just one Strong brew. Don't want to get naked now. Sir. I'd love to friend Friend. I'm John whatever coming with you. Watered down sucks strong brew is 300% alcohol by volume and guarantee they get a buzz on It's like this five different flavors to choose from strong brew It's 1135 60 WKM this just in thanks to ever fastest two man or where this came from James, Pro at a disappointing wide receiver will play three seasons with the dolphins in 1980s before they gave up on them was arrested Tuesday by federal drug agents Three others were arrested with about agencies four kilograms of cocaine and twenty seven thousand dollars in cash Long history though. You rest occurred at Pro at Columbus George at home Pro at 35 was charged with drug trafficking Pro at play with the dolphins from 1986 to 88 mostly is a backup to mark Clayton and Mark Duper A native of Los Angeles, Pro at a ten and four-it-a-a-state police said the cocaine they seeded is worth an estimated $400,000 Long history though. So there you go is the week goes on baby. It's kind of a dolphin thing 560 505 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. What you just told me I was already just hanging on by a string I think the string just broke. Well, you just told me about power 96 taping a TV commercial in the QAM studios Meaning in the sports studio over there or something like that. How do you like that? The power 96 sports that are morning nerds were in the QAM studios yesterday taping a TV commercial in our studios Which I don't understand because they got state of the art studio right now. Huh right now They're in there right now. Is it over there? There taping a TV spot right now and we get nothing We don't get a guy damn sandwich board much less of full system in here that works Thank you Greg and I'm so excited to learn that Chicago sports radio suck Thanks for the good news even though they don't have Joseph Gackie yet You think it's bad now 560 505 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line and the got no they got no interest in anything here today yesterday the same thing Here's a mobile in the ranch. Hello We got line eight. Okay. We got line eight soon to run line one at line no works So let's take our last call home stand hello That's on six yet the person button harder than that home stand Good morning Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just turned on the radio and I heard you make mention of Tony Martin We said any particular context What do you mean any particular context? I was in here. I heard his name in the end about a billion years You hadn't heard his name in about a billion years Tony Martin that was signed by the dolphin Oh Talking about the same get out of here. We're not talking to old parts okay. That's the only call I had I'm gonna talk to this guy Tony Martin the singer from before Jesus was a baby. Are you crazy sir? Oh my god, what did I tell you about what we got left here man? We're playing with an empty deck 567 05 60 don't answer the phones. I'll take care of it. Okay, just relax just keep by doing your show with the joiner W2Q I am Yes, sir. Hey, George. How are you? Okay, man. Talk to the new place. Sure. Where you come from? Okay, let's go to Bokeh. Hello Bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir turn out radio off. Please. How are you sir? George must not have told you to turn out radio down turn out radio off please How are you sir? Great I just wanted to mention to you that That stop-loaded amated to extra the other night considering those teachers who were caught in that Sex club the swing club the All over the world now has the sexually repressed capital of the world right? I mean it does not bother you just a little What would he mean doesn't it bother me just a little what what my host did my supposed to do car wheels here now Start crying of course it bothers me. What are my gonna do about it sir? What happened to our rights? You don't have any rights you live in South Florida man Ken Jenny decided you don't have any rights It's just it infuriates with other people selling crack on the street. Yeah, I can't do it. They want well Maybe they got a crack problem. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, okay. All right Neil. Thanks for the bad news. Okay You like that's a bullet no case. He needs the things that I bring up weeks ago now all of a sudden this guy just discovered I it's all over the world that we're embarrassing. Hey, how about that? WQAM Yes, sir. Hi Hi, I I'm talking Neil. What are you calling from? I'm very Connecticut. Okay. Let's take a call from Danbury Connecticut. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Good. I finally get The internet here. I got you I'm gonna talk pretty good. Great. Finally everybody around here can hear you. Everybody in the world is less than two bad We don't have a toll free number so you wouldn't have to be paying for this call, but at least we picked it up real quick, right? Yeah, you picked it up in seconds. That's right. That's right because we knew you were calling long distance That's right. We have full grip and you were doing her psychic readings on the phone lines All right, good. Well, I just want to let you know that everybody up here is worth some of the team Be prepared for the frogs coming down from Canada. Okay, because they're running everybody off the road here. Okay. Thanks for the bad news All right, there you go Danbury Connecticut. See what I'm saying when I pick up the calls they're from all over the world Because I got the magic touch just ask Shirley Peters on their she'll tell you how much music WQAM All right, all right, and heard you talking a little bit about Tony Martin a singer earlier You know he's not a distant cousin of Dean Martin, but Dean Martin you can buy his new tape so the best road his new tape is is Okay Dean Martin is making new tapes and leave or not to six feet under, but to not very clear. There's not a scratchy Why you can buy the best rope ever from Dean Martin and he refers to Tony Martin a singer at least three or four times or no Tates I'm glad you're bringing up the Local topics about Tony Martin. Okay. Thank you Wow Ha ha ha ha ha ha WQAM Yeah, I caught a chunk of the first team this morning. I heard that Brian Murray said something what the organization Do you organization you got to stay at right to the organization? I was just wondering what kind of comments he made if he was talking about making any kind of trade I said maybe one little a fine tune later I don't think it's somebody cheap, but other than that what you see is what you get that's what he said Oh, let's look forward to all right thanks a lot Neil skip the games. Okay. Oh, by the way speaking I see in the games I forgot to mention the good news yesterday Last month I get a letter from the Panthers. It's my statement and the balance do whatever it is I'm out do this this statement zero nothing do right now. Okay. So I'm assuming there'll be another statement coming When I pay off the rest of the deal with the station me inverses me four if I live long enough and then no problem So I forget about it Yesterday I get a thing from the four of Panthers and it's not a bill for the remaining balance It's a your past new man. Where's the money sweetheart? It was due August 19 which I'm supposed to be psychic because I never we you got any notice that it was the August 19 Now that you've made a little 27th which is three days away So I immediately made out of check put it in the mailbox last night when rushing the post office Put it in the mailbox to make sure they get it by tomorrow at the very latest which is the 25 It would help you guys I don't want to say that you don't know your left hand for me You're right. You don't want what you doing over there at the macaruna and that organization But your billing practices are a little bit bizarre. Okay. How can I be passed? Do and not pay the payment when you tell me I don't owe anything less does statement you clowns you idiots you WQAM JNND WQAM and that's what we're going back to Jan Burial and 12 o'clock hour QAM Yeah, I'm confident angel yes, sir and You know in whole world about people killing each other people have guns everywhere and everything the biggest story Engines will let the president in universities resigned in this week. Yeah, yeah, hey I got news for you the front page of the Harold this morning. That's the front page story the upper right hand corner Like that's the biggest story in the world is the president of FU is resigning this week Yeah, and the front page of our papers the front page of the Tampa page. How do you like that? Like exactly couldn't have said it better myself Oh That's right let him go be present up there with a seamen holes or something like that 22 before noon at 5.60 WQAM Either they spider bane old rod get spider bane You red red it's really gross That's why they you bet it and the Is like These 38 all days or giving hurt in a frequent way And closerzers It's $1.23 at $5.60, you have a little screen-less action here for wild distill. Just for a little variety. See if that's, is that going to help you think? No, we'll see. Got to call in here from Connecticut. We got two in-a-n-a calls from, well, one good one, one bad one from Volker. That's not bad, 50%. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. WCQA, and hello. Football, whoo. No, yeah, football, whoo. There you go. There's one of those sports. There's football rules. Now, if there's one of our QAN people, you know what I'm talking about? Various. Football rules. Football. That's not what the T by the way. F-O-O-B-A-L-L-L. Football. All right, bo-bo-bo-bo-zo. More on. Idiot. Embecile. Sybilden. Jackass. Nice going, Greg. God bless you, baby. And your God damn sports format. So I'm getting out of gigantic magnet, a tax, just attracting every moron, every no life, no brain. And you know something back in the days when we were on, I don't want to say IOD. And they were doing this crap over here. And they were doing their two shares. It was kind of laughable. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. Yeah. How did you QAN? It's my book that was you told me blow out. WCQAN. Yeah, what's going on? Yes, sir. You and I, a few jobs today, huh? I'm doing a job. Hey, question for you. Why can't politics nowadays just focus on the issues in hand, and never mind trying to find garbage on everyone? Sir, I hate to break the news to you, but if somebody wants to be the president of the United States, and wants to, you know, have his finger on a button that can blow up the whole world, I think that we ought to know probably a little bit more about them than what they decided they're going to tell us or not. No, I agree. I think that if somebody has got a, has got a compulsive, you know, a personality, you know, whether it's a booze or whether it's drugs or whatever it is, if somebody's got that kind of a problem and whether it's president or pas, that they're always the possibility you could make her come back. Okay. Well, I agree with your statement, but my thing is, focus on the issues and if they're there, anything that would make a, focus on the issues, are you talking about George Bush? When do you get a start to win that? Okay. I know that. I think your table came, okay. They're not, they're not, they're 20 get them out first off by showing his, they're not his background. Nobody's trying to get them off. They're trying to make him answer questions. He's the one that brought up the business about how he could pass the, the national security test back when his president was, his father was elected to president. He could pass the test. They could still pass it today. And they're asking, well, what about before that and he's going, well, no, I think he was incredibly, by not addressing the issue and saying yes or no. That's right. All of them requires a, or no. And that's it. That's all requires very simple. I don't mind this. You know, the reason why he doesn't want to do that is because he has some of the strict drug laws in the country. And if he goes out and said, yeah, I've done cocaine when I was in my early 20s. When you said, but sir, when you've already said that you haven't done it in the last 25 years since you were 28, that's like an admission. That's a tacit admission that you did it before you were 28. And he's putting people in jail every day of every day of every year. And he's putting people in jail every day of every year. And he's putting people in jail every day of every year. Why wouldn't you come out to the face? But also then why would you start out by saying then why don't we just stick to the issues? It is not. No, no, no, no, what I'm saying is there should be combination. I mean, all right, no one want to go. Thank you. Yeah, he had we talked about Tony Martin. Let's bring out the, let's bring out San Jose, too, huh? Benny Goodman, little Swing and Sway with San Jose. Or San Jose Smith, one of the other. Yeah, there you go. You do something useful. God, almighty. I mean, you talk about doing a tap dance. Sir, the fact is, if somebody wants to be president and they've got some kind of a, you know, a problem or didn't have an A pest, the public has a right to know about that. I don't think that people want somebody sitting there with a finger on a button who's at a drinking problem. Whether it's five minutes ago or 25 years ago. And in Randley, Carlos, whether they want or not, I think they have at least entitled to make that judgment. That's all. We're supposed to be worried about who is screwing home. I don't think that's really going to make a hell of a lot of difference. WQAN. Yes sir. Hey, your show is pretty good. WQAN. WQAN. Stop, I'm saying, not, but late. WQAN. Speaking. Speaking. There you go. Yes sir. Man, you must be delayed. What can we do for you sir? Well, I want to be talking between bites. What can we do for you? Yeah, I'm having a call. I'm having a call. I'm having a call. It's not pretty good. Hey, I just want to talk about me. I think. Yeah. What's he doing? WQAN. Hello. Me, yes sir. Just mobile and waterdale. Speaking. You're still in a great job. Need more people like you speaking out? And I'm looking at you all the time and you help the day go by a lot better. Don't say, day go. We're all working, Schlepper. I'm a day go myself, Neil. All right. And I'm looking at, I want to say we need a new stadium in Miami like we need five more given. Okay, thank you. WQAN. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. Yes. I want to know. We went. We went. Come here. Come on. We went. Come here. Come on. Come on. What is it? I say. What? How did you feel, Anne? Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. So how do we public and get it? I like it. What is it? I said, how do we public and answer this question? How can they back this morning? What do we need to be public and independent? They're not up to them. They're up to the bush people. They're not up to the bush people. They're not the nomination yet. They are coalescing around. They're not. No, we're not. Sir. Sir. You asked me a question. I'm trying to answer. And you're telling me, wait. Okay, you will. I'll listen to you. Thank you. Now, the coalescing around this guy because he is the only one that can be poor. Sir, they're not coalescing around. And if you saw the talking head shows on Sunday morning, they're doing anything but they're ripping him and asking. Oh, you got down like hat ripping him. Yeah. They're coming their hands together with the glee. That's right. Absolutely. And they should rub their hands together with glee. That's right. Okay. Because these guys with him in 1992. Yeah. On mercifully. Right. Okay. And they talked about his Vietnam War avoidance. Sir, look, don't come to me and to give you some answer as to if the Republican Party doesn't have a candidate who's worth a pack of crap. I can do about that. And now we're supposed to. If the best they can do is people like Gary Bauer and Pat Buchanan and the Steve Forbes with a personality like a dead man who makes Al Gore luck like I'm actually in jumping me. That's their problem. Well, let me tell you something George Bush is a boop. Okay. Who has no substance whatsoever. Yeah. Ask him any question on the issue. He has no positions. Okay. He's just a boop. Yeah. A boop. He just got through telling me that he's the only one who can beat Al Gore. Well, the Republicans think he's the only one who can beat Al Gore. Are you a Republican? Oh, not. So go dance the jig. Okay. Go dance in a hallway, pal. Let's have a party. Okay. There you go. Let's get some candy. It's a band of ren out or whatever. And I'll let you know. It's swinging the whatever. Swinging sway a cus your game. Man, oh man. These, these, you people out there got so many problems of your own doing. Just go on and have a party. Okay. Just go get drunk. Just have a big celebration. Okay. Invite George. Yeah. He'll drop a few for you. He'll drop his doors for you. WQAN. New. Yes, sir. What's up, man? How you doing? What's up? Yeah. You sure it's pretty pretty good, man. Yeah, sounds like it. Tell the, tell the, tell the, tell the, tell the, tell the, tell the, tell the, put a pantaloones back on. WQAN. Yeah. Yes, sir. Meow. And I'm law. WQAN. Now we're getting the real softs. Over the ins, uh, admitting their problems. They're, he's lost, huh? Yeah. No kidding. Have you seen the front page of the sunset over the day? Yes. Yeah. What the, uh, re-story is the palpino high school band. He has a reunion. Yeah. What kind of crappy, you lousy newspapers? crappy, lousy newspaper. He has a son's sentinel. Looks like a little cone that a country news paper. He's Malokhani at a Toro page where it says that the age of 40 should be the, uh, legal age for consenting. It's about that sex. I think that makes a lot of sense. Don't you? No, uh, WQAN. Hey, New York. Yes, sir. That's one of the tell you man, F. Marino. I don't care about Marino. Yeah. Every day, living in 13 years. Mm-hmm. Well, number 13. There you go. And now look at that. Number 13 and 13 years. Great minds of work alike. Never cared for you, no man. And let me tell you something else. Walk on you. We went off a whammy man. How come I went off the embarrassment factor was too high? Oh, man. I love that, so. Yeah. I would say up night. Just with me. They stole my armacres. I couldn't continue. Yeah. And I was really a great experience there whammy. In fact, that was at a finding moment of this town was the whole whammy experience. That was their idea of putting on a great local station. That was their idea of really getting involved in the putting together some great local programming. And by the way, the news, the sports, all of that's going off. You do what you are aware of that, aren't you? By the way, all going off because they, well, they just can't afford it, you know? Whammy. It's not. Uh-huh. Pretty embarrassing. I mean, they sure put a lot of effort in that production. You couldn't hear the audio. You couldn't see the video. They didn't put one creative thing. See, I hate to break the news to those guys, even though they can't hear me. Because the Maddie Lysham and his crowd are out there in a west coast. I don't mean a floor. I mean, of the US as far away as they can get them. But television is a visual medium. You have to put something in there. Like I said, even if they would have run like hell, you know, all the beautiful people from the MTV stuff. The people from tens, and they would have put that on there. Did they do it? No. Did they do anything? No. That's why the show is not on, sir. WQAM. WQAM. Kro? Yes, sir. In you. In you. In you. I'm listening, sir. Yeah, how's it going? What can we do for you? I don't know. WQAM. No. Isn't that amazing how they just loved the dial. The number here my voice. Yes, sir. How you doing? Well, just as good as I was 14 seconds ago. Great. No. The other day I had me two rest with a couple of friends. Whatever we're partying. We're walking to the Fratazzi, whatever. Yeah. We need a bunch of these little girls. Let me not say little girls. Like 18, 19, whatever. That's a little girl as 18 or 19. Well, for me, for little girls. Yeah, how old are you? 24. That's not a little girl. That's perfect. So, anyway, it's legal. Yeah. So, anyway, my friends are talking to a bunch of them. And I need these two girls. They're really pretty. Yeah. They're talking to them. And they're like, oh, you must be all messed up or drunk. And I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm a crack. They're like, you're a crack. I'm like, oh, I'm a shfriper. And you know, there were two eatish little Jewish girls. And I, when I said that, I go, no. But I looked like a shfriper. She goes, yeah. They're dirty animals. Could you do me that? Yeah. You good? And, oh, nothing, whatever. Okay, thanks. So, let them lose their souls. Maybe she saw the godfather one time too many. WQAM. Okay, Marina. Fuck. WQAM. Yes, sir. I have something to say to all these stupid, literate collars that are calling in. Don't waste your time. Quit calling it. There'd be something else. Yeah. That's all I have to say to you. Okay, thank you. I don't stop calling. No, pay any attention to him. Just keep those phones buzzing. That's where I like it. WQAM. To fantastic lesson in human nature watching this. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How you doing, buddy? I'm doing great. Good. You know what? You should run for president. Because we don't have a fan person back and run in this country. Yeah, maybe Bernie Faggotter one first kind of a paved the way for me. You can have Georgia's advice, Francis. No, I don't think so. I don't mean to. Okay, thank you. WQAM. I deal. Yes, sir. This was just telling you hello. Yeah, pretty weak. Pretty weak, Steve Nichol. Okay. Pretty weak. Just telling you hello. Oh, my god. I'm going to tag us seriously. If there's anybody who ever thought that there was a place that's the end of the year. It's guess what. Open a window and look outside. You're in it. This is the end of the world. Even skater Davis never saw an end of the world like this one. How's she doing by the way old skater? WQAM. Only if WQAM. This guy is falling. WQAM. Whoa, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? It's not a nut. WQAM. My bum is on a loan. My bum is on a loan. I love the. Oh, by the way, that was number two. Three last night. Number three on the TRL Tom Green. The bum bum song. Number three. How do you like that? He said kids call it and devote for it. They did. I thought so. Even though it's a horrible video to close on much much too long. And it's not even mildly amusing to be on. Have you seen it? Oh, you'll be just in shock. You'll say, well, you know, it's him. So it's got a little bit of amusement in there. But generally speaking, it's not a thing. It's caliber of humor. But nonetheless, number three on TRL. Which is kind of embarrassing because Nick and Jeff were hosting the show from 98 degrees and they were number four. First week on the bum bum song Tom Green. I'm amazed at anybody in this town. He's even allowed to watch the Tom Green show when he comes right down to it. I'll tell you one thing that's still legal. I mean, any day now, they may outlaw this too. And that's great cigar smoking pleasure from our friends in Nixon cars. That's right. One of these days, you know, a sheriff can or somebody in Broward somebody in date. They'll say, well, we better step in and make this illegal. Those people are having to get a bit of a time smoking those great cigars. But the last time I checked it still kosher, it's still okay. Play that to Hank ID if you got it there. No, no, seriously, because I wanted to discuss this before we continue before this show goes on. W2M Miami for Lord of it. I'll case a wee slurred a little bit. Okay, when you're fat like Hank and I, I am your slurre every night. At least you didn't say the spokesman anyway. Now, what were you just arguing about since you always agreed with everything I say? And by the way, you did say Jennifer Lopez and the skank. I should look like she's gotten punched in those. Yeah, I have a time at it. She's probably. But at any rate, we were just talking about food. And I was trying to explain to you why is it so difficult to understand. Listen, listen to me carefully. Atlantic City subs. We love them. They're great. Okay, fantastic good stuff. And they brought food in this morning for unfortunately the worst team. And nevertheless, when they bring the food in, there's some way in around we get some because they like us too. And I take the Italian sub that's all rolled up and it's got two picks through and it's cut in half, which is great. And I take the, I don't eat the bread. I use the bread like with the bread. I use the bread like with the bread. The bread will be ready to eat as a holder. And I eat the cool cuts in the onions and lettuce and tomatoes all wrapped up. And it's great. It tastes fantastic like a sub sandwich without the bread. Right. And every time I say you, let's get that without the bread. You talk about a platter of cold cuts. I don't want a platter of cold cuts just like yesterday. And then you can eat the sandwich without it because otherwise every time it comes like it was yesterday. See, you want that without the bread. Is all you get the effing sandwiches is what I said. Get it with the bread. Use the bread as a holder or just wipe your back down with it or whatever. Why is it so difficult? I know you. You're not. I don't think they were fast. They're not. You think they know what's your bread English. I don't want the bread necessarily, but if you don't understand it, you can do it. Like with toothpicks, you're with. Don't you understand. Couldn't you stick a toothpick through without the bread? Yes. And I do. But since that's so complicated, just get the sandwiches. I'll show the bread away. Like here. Take a look in a waste basket. Okay. Why? The effing bread. See that there's the evidence. I never touched it. I never ate it. I never sniffed it. I never sniffed it. I never thought it was a bread. I never thought it was a bread. I never thought it was a bread. I never thought it was a bread. But if I can say that's why instance Joe was an ad can sort of guide. But what if they don't put up a title? No, no, no, no. There's a bit of a waste all that bread on us because none of us are going to eat. But they don't care. How much can this bread cost them anyway for a croissant? I hate it themselves. There you go. Even cheaper. Joe wants the bread. Call time green. Call undercutters subs. God. I mean, you talk about making a production out of nothing. Just get the subs sandwiches. I'll throw the bread away. Then there's no complicated instructions. We don't have to worry about getting a whole platter like I did yesterday. Oh my God. I like it rolled up. You know, so like it's all together. Instead of like that thing I hate yesterday. With all do we expect, and you see, I mean, get serious. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Is it new? Yes, it is. Is it Roy or is it. WQAM. Yes, sir. Speaking. You're saying. You're a short set of control. Every city gets to show now. He's setting up you. He's one. He's setting bothers you. I just turned off for a second. George, you were going out of the other. And you understand that. Every time he gets to show, I'm in there. What you just said. Whatever your in your absence, he does a show. Right. And ever since that is, anyone who has a business, you have to undergrad with or get a taste of it. He's not going to be in line. Oh, you're not. Oh, there's no there's no question about that. Since I since he started doing a philanthropic occasion, what he does is while on doing this show, he practices a show in there and jokes it to their and is the audience. He's a professional in there with Joe Castella while I'm on the air. Yeah. Every day in between, Mark and down the names of the chronic colors on a yellow pad. And it adds a bad marriage. It's going to be over at some point. Yeah. Oh, I guess he forgot the bird. Okay, listen, a very good point. It's the excellent, but he's not listening. He's ordering lunch. No, sir. I could say anything. I wouldn't make any difference because he's not paying any attention. I think I'm saying right now. He's in law and he's right. See exactly. And Joe is he's, you know, he's not Joe is just on the payroll here now. He's making up for last time. He's just getting paid for sitting around and being an audience, which is fine. Don't bother me. How do you like that? How do you like that? Hit the jackpot baby and it's still letting it on here. All right. asshole from Hollywood. All right. A as an major. He's an asshole. All right. When they start sounding like you with that whiny, whimpering voice, that's when it becomes chronic. Okay. That's when it becomes unething acceptable. Any other questions? WQAM. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, mobile and format. Speaking. Hey, Neil, listen, I just got to thank you for last week when you were talking about the pizza. Yeah. Okay. How do you do what a godfather's? Yes, I found I looked it up right away in the phone book and wasn't in there. And you never guessed what it is. It's in a damn headskat space. The new headskats, they've got, you know, they got these food things up here now. But that's good thing. You could guess in your car and guess in your ass, I guess, is the way of the word. Or a sand double burrow. Double everything. It was good though. It was good. It was the same as it was before that nice, tasty sauce and then stuff like that. So it was really good. Did you actually, did you treat it? Did they have the Mexican pizza still? No, they just basically just had the pizzas. They would make them. And you can actually order them to go through. They don't deliver, of course. But you can go there and order those deals they have. Like, I guess like Domino's and stuff. Much better, much better than all other crafts. Oh, wow. Excellent. I'll put them on the map again, man. Yeah, that's not what you need. Thanks. Okay. There you go. We got a caller and four buyers who went over to try and got five. There's nice going near you. Well, we need Godfather's back here desperately. I mean, desperately. What a great place. It's so typical. Anything good. You know what I'm talking about? Okay. Yeah. Most of the good stuff that comes here vanishes just like him. By the way, Eric, fast me a thing this morning about how my Howard was out in the LA. He was visiting their FM, KFI's FM, whatever that is. Which they had him on in the morning. And he went to the studio at night at KFI because he's now become a big Phil Henry fan. He was sitting there watching Phil do his thing. What's your course watching the show when Phil does it. Watching the way he uses that phone and do the voices that's really special. It's unbelievable. And I'm thinking to myself, boy, Howard could you learn something about comedy watching the film. W2AN. W2AN. Good. Good. See how come your spics have nothing to say? Well, don't mind. Sticks. Those are your sticks. No, no, how come your spics have nothing to say? I'm not having a thing. You. I mean, see you take it personal. You're not. You're not. You. You take it personal. You're not. You're right up there. I'm saying your spics mean you. Your people out there in radio land. Not you. Those aren't mine. I just got through standard. Not you. I just got. How come you're now in Alex yours? Jesus Christ. Did I was right to call before? Man, since you started doing these film shows, you're just a maniac. You're out of control. You're lunatic. And defensive. The defensive, the most defensive professional. You've never seen in my life. You changed dramatically over these last month. You've become like a little tube on on legs. I'm not. WDQ. Hello. There's another one. Yeah. What is it? You think that is. Yeah, that is. When you're speaking, it was called me back. Okay, baby crap. Dally stars. WDQ. Yeah. Yeah. Speaking. For my. Normal. All right. Yeah. That must be crazy over here. They're going to Godfather's pizza is good. I took a look in there. You took a look in there. Did you eat the pizza sir? I wouldn't want to. Sir. Let me say it again. Did you eat the pizza? That's the question. The answer is obviously no. And guess what? You lose. We believe the other guy. Now, I'm not saying the godfather's is necessarily the same as it was because it's a long, long time years and years since we've had him down here. The other guy said he actually tried it and it was great. See, I don't go into a place that look at the pizza. You know, I tried. If I'm going to make the effort to go into the place, I'll probably try it and see what it tastes like. He reminds me of the guy of the woman at that time that was shopping for a slice of pizza. Because always remember I told that three years ago. She was in their shopping for a slice. She was a head of me online and no, I was looking at it. Now, I don't want that. And she took like five minutes deciding which slice you want to. Well, I think we're sitting there getting nice and cold. And by the way, how come we don't have hardly any places in this town? Like they do in any real city, like in Toronto downtown is pizza pizza. It's great. I love it. Even though I shouldn't be in no pizza with crust, but I love it. And they got a whole different variety of, and you go in there and they see a order of slice. Whatever kind you want with peppers, with sausage, with pepperoni, whatever. And they stick in the oven and heat it back up for a couple minutes. It's great. They're always mobbed around a clock. They're always busy. How come we don't have that here? Can you imagine going to New York and I find an onion places out there that have pizza by the slice? Of course not. Boston, a million places. LA, any real city. Do we have that here? No. Here's lots. 10 past noon at 5. 60 WQA in the air. It's new in it. That burger team. Godfather truly reaction figures. They're fun for the whole family. Collect all 10 mob action figures with each water fries and super large drink. And that super large drink, no exception. Get Sony in a favorite garbage can. So you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out Sony's sister or get the bullet riddle body of Sony after he gets it at the Jersey toll boot. Wow, isn't that great? Impress all your friends with the Don himself. I'm making an offer. He can't refuse. So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures. Remember, it's only business. And he said Burger King. 1215 to 550 WQA. By the way, I got a call all slowly and so I caught a kid. Me and claim that I had bad taste and I don't know my women. You know what? You know, he's upset because he had a several masturbatory experiences. Lots of the Jennifer Lopez video. Squirt score and you can't put it back in. And it's one of those things you can't take it back. You know, like a compliment. You can say, hey, you're a really good guy. And then you find out he's an asshole. I take it back. You're an asshole. But Squirt score. You know, once it's out, you can't put it back in. Right. You can't suck it back in. WQA. Hello. I like to speak to Neil. Speaking, sir. Good afternoon. Neil. Good at you. I was just calling to say this is great. I'm a first time a long time listening to the return of the lightning round. It's sounding like George. I'm sorry. It's not like the lightning round. It's just that every now and then these people need to kick in the ass. And we do this for some reason. All of a sudden they come out of their shell. I think it's the nature of these. This pound. I've been doing it for a hundred years. Well, I hope the George isn't going to take the route of the bird. What does that mean? Well, you ran him off, right? I ran him off. Do we ran him self off? No, fair enough. I don't know. I have a shameless request. Yeah. The Barney bit. Were the Barney sticking to dump? Yeah. With all the gas being discussed with the dot fathers. Could you play that? I'll work on it. Thank you. Okay. I think the answer is no. I'm pretty, pretty fondress. You know what I'm saying? Get almost as fondress as any act. Yes, that. How's that lawsuit coming by the way with WI? Oh, please. How's that good friends? Bob and Sheryl do it over there. Remember Bob Green when you took to the swim club that time? WQAM? Yeah. Yes, sir. You have to call and tell you, thank you very much. I went to Vegas and clung my brains out. And was that your first time? First time. And? I'm believable. What a grace. The best. Where did you stay? The Rio. Oh, so sorry. No, I just got a bad experience in there one time. And I hate the Rio. And in addition to which it's so far off the beaten path. Why would you want to stay there? Yeah, absolutely. I guess there was a good first time because it gave us an opportunity to decide where we want to go back. But you did write a car though, right? Absolutely. Okay. Well, that's okay. It's a bit of a joke through the desert to Grand Canyon. Right. Very scary, right. But it's amazing. It's amazing to see all the stuff out there. I mean, I'm in the middle of the desert in the middle of nowhere. How they did this. Thank you, Bob. See you. Oh, God bless you. Absolutely. And thank you, Nail, for allowing us to, or promoting it on the air. I should say for this number of years. I believe it or not, man. They're actually placing in this country where you can have a good time. This is not one of them, but Vegas here is. Yeah. Thanks, Nail. Okay. Glad you enjoyed it. They had a really interesting thing. I think it was, uh, what was our watch in Toronto? What we can see, see, or somewhere? I don't know, it was on A&E. It was on A&E about Bugsley's Eagle and about the early days. In fact, it wasn't just about Bugsley's Eagle, but it was about the early days with the saloons and the cat houses in Vegas. And then about how the work came along and they had a shut the 16th street cat houses down. And then about how Bugsley's Eagle came along. Because they already had gambling out there, which I wasn't aware of. They had some downtown, very small casinos in the 40s. And then Bugsley came along. And that's when they moved it, uh, built a flamingo at a very outrageous cost. And the start of the strip. So thank you, Bugsley's Eagle. Version piece. WQAN. Oh, right. For fans. No, two o'clock to him. Two o'clock. Can you hold it? Oh, right. Thank you. WQAN. Well, near my or sucks. Okay, there's a bulletin for you, okay. Rod need a my or sucks. That's not what I heard this morning from the spokesman. If we had any hockey calls today? No, no, except that one, the little baby talk, a Julio. The deadly, deadly stuff. Do you have any idea how people laugh at you sir when you talk like that? Everybody in this community. It's such a black eye for every Hispanic of every descent. When you start with a little spanglish baby to the deadly stars. It's almost as bad as New Jersey. Can you tell me about the New Jersey devil? You know, I have to have been here. When you live here, you're whole life. You think you'd be able to learn to speak the language, okay? And that goes back to you, Bobonic speakers too. Let me say it again. Peter Warwell. He speaks perfect English. He can't play hockey with a crap. But he speaks perfect English. Kevin Wies. He speaks perfect English, okay? My career speaks perfect English. Grant Fior. All the dark, complexed Canadians. All those people I saw in Finland, all three of them. All two or shparks is us all colon journey. They speak perfect German. Whatever language they're speaking. They don't be speaking, Bobonic. One of the most disastrous thing is anybody believes out there for a second that this is ne racist, a disgustingly racist country. The fact that the education system and the government that operates it allow people to walk around speaking like that and graduate them through a middle school and through a high school and give them some kind of a piece of paper that says that they're like a human being. That's that is grace. It's that is grace. It's that is grace. It's that is grace. Give me a song and a dance about well, if it's spoken in the home too bad, okay? How about if we don't have any more illiterate teachers? How would that be for a start? How that would be good. Teachers and principles, of course, speaking, boom, bombics. And they're supposed to be able to teach kids to speak properly. What are joke that is? A big fricking joke. How about bringing in people who are articulate and qualified and pan them some serious money to educate your kids and you people won't stand for that because you don't give a crap enough about your kids. WQAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, Neil, I've listened you for years. Yes. And I enjoy you. I like you show. I actually call many times there's a big butt coming. I'm not in smell. Yeah. I bet. I'm back in and listen. You're stand with George W. I hate to say it, Neil, but I'm not going to call you a hypocrite, but your stand is very hypocritical. No, it's not. It is, Neil. I mean, I was really thinking about that. And if it's been anybody else, I didn't, you don't like the guy because he's, you know, George is son. No, not that. And I don't have to. Sir, he doesn't stand for anything before this, and business about the alleged cocaine or drug use came out. I still didn't like him. This has got nothing to do with why I like. You don't like him. He doesn't think for anything. I was trying to plug different personalities into that. And if anybody else had come out and had a drug use, it's incident 25 years ago, you would be not a drug use drug. It cocaine. If it was marijuana, I couldn't care less. Not cocaine, cocaine and booze. He's got an addictive personality. It sounds like to me. I don't think most people want a president who has a victim personality. Or if they do want one, I think at least they've got to write to know that before they go and make a tell-gen vote. And you know that as well as I do. But you know, 15 years ago, you know, you know, you have a lot of people. How about if he murdered somebody 15 years ago? You know, I'm saying 15 years ago, again, you know, hold a position. I mean, you'll excuse the fun. Well, what does that have to do with it? What if he was behaving addictive personality? What you're talking about is you're constantly saying that the drug law and this country are our cane, right? I'm not talking about cocaine. Only marijuana. cocaine shouldn't be legalized or decriminalized of course not. Well, I'm cocaine is one of the most dangerous substances we have. It's killing this country, sir. Well, the thing is the guy made a mistake 25 years ago. I don't want to go. So why don't I think the one who is why doesn't he admit it? Why does he just say that? You know, I don't know who who has his ear. Maybe he's getting bad advice. But the thing is this, it's 25 years ago. I don't know, sir. You don't understand. The question is why doesn't he be forced? Why don't he be forced? Comey, this was the thing with Clinton. He lied about this. He lied about that. All of which was true. Then how come this guy instead of, you know, being more like Clinton? You think that he want to be exactly the opposite? Okay. I did some of the experiment with drugs. I had a booze problem. That was a long time ago. Okay. Fine. And I hope it's all I think. If you came out and admitted it, so leanly open. Then you would never problem with it. I know, I would have much less of a problem. That's right. Okay. I mean, I still wouldn't support him under any circumstances. Oh, like I was done for. But as far as that, I don't think anybody would. And that's what they're all saying. They're not saying, oh, my god, this is an evil guy. Because he wants to do a couple of lines of poker, whatever he did. They're saying he's a freaking liar. If the answer is no, say it's no. And if not, come, come clean. That's all. I, that I agree with. But to just the fact that he did it, I mean, shouldn't up prevent him from, you know, running a, in all the pens on the circumstance depends on whether we had a serious problem. I mean, if you know, if somebody had a real serious code problem and a booze problem, like I said, the public may not judge that that's the kind of person they want sitting there with their thumb on it. You know what I'm saying? No, exactly. Okay. I retract my stick. Okay. You're in your kid of four given up. I'm backing out. God bless you. Back out easily. Carefully. Five six seven. Oh, that's an old rule thing said. Five six seven. Five sixty. No, else case. It was just. And pound five sixty on a mobile one line. See how easily how quickly I turn him around. So to speak. No, I'm not, I'm not a goodie to choose. Like I said, I'm the last person in the world of the guy named goodie to choose. But I still say, and I get flies against all all the things I knew. You guys out there. You want to bang your teachers. You did bang or whatever. It's not right. It's not acceptable. School teacher shouldn't be having sex with the kids. And you people out there say, Oh, yeah. Well, if it's my son, all right. Nice going Johnny. But if it's my daughter, yeah, blow your brains up. Or if it should be the neighborhood priest. Which of course it probably is. And then for some reason, that's okay. Nobody seems all up tight about that. You know? What if your son was having sex with a male teacher? Well, that's why I mentioned about the priest. Or male teacher? Yeah, just to make sure. WQAN. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, look for the literature and copy the management game. I brought to get the gaki up the air. Sir, the incompetent management of this radio station is upset with Joseph Gaki. Or he also has some of those naked pictures of Greg Reed with a Billy goat. Listen, when he said last time in the car, I'm over here for a mile. Listen, the 770. Still, you know, still I've been looking to you. You have to have to name him. Car calls it. It goes, what do you think, go? Cecil Collins runs so good. Joseph remark. Well, maybe he was born. You know, like the Bruce Springson, you know? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. That was just fine. Very good, by the way. Excellent job. This guy is like the race to radio journalism. Absolutely. Journalism. Come on. Let's get carried away now. You know, I mean, I'm taking on this. Yeah. Unbelievable. But, you know, Greg Reed sucks. Joseph's a gaki really sucks. And I'd be happy. And then, be happy. The entire staff, I want you to know that we are all. Everyone in this building is embarrassed as hell. I mean, you're politicized profusely. And wish we could do something. And let's go, Marlins. Baby. I don't know how long you came tonight. Maybe you was born around. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. If he could catch the balls, I'd like to team. Which is just a pleasure. I'm going to need a winner. I heard a guy coming. Okay, man. Come over next Monday. I think you got to make your hired. Did I get barbecue? Did I get barbecue? That's good. I mean, seriously, you listen and you think of yourself. Now, wait a minute. What kind of an imbistool could have put this man on the radio in a major market? You know, he makes the Lenny Martes spot sound like agency spots. Really? I'm talking about like from the real agency. That's how bad he is. Jersey, gacky sucks. Jersey, gacky sucks. Jersey, gacky sucks. Jersey, gacky sucks. I'm just going to play that till 2 o'clock. You know, make me feel a lot better. I will make me feel great. And then when that lunch from the Lenny City sums comes. She wasn't that a great idea. I hadn't said it. I told her that place he was going to go where they helped spit in the food. I don't want to mention it on the artwork was. What? Well, you know that they do. Yeah. 26 after 12 at 5. 60 WQ and by. Oh, God, Leo. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. I'm going to play that. Well, hell, yes, I do. I'm going to keep it. But all your time, too. And I'll just say, oh, see you there. I'm going to take care of things. Take care of women. I'm going to be a women. I'm going to be a women. I'm going to be a lot of people. If they're doing I have a soul. You're going to run with your little ghost be dogs. And you never have them in your so-james. You're lying running in an oil area. You go believe that your reaction can happen. There's no big thing that's coming. Get everything along the insolps. Actual. Oh, hey, oh, oh, oh. Get everything. Get everything. Perfect. Five, sixty. Double to credit. In addition, by the way, the George W. Guy that backed out gracefully about ten minutes ago. In addition, like we said before, I should be pointed out over and over again. When the governor of Texas is having a lot of people put in jail for cocaine use. Any himself may see it's a felony. It's against the law. It's not a question well that he do a little bit too much booze. Yeah, it's against the law. It's a felony. And when he's the governor of the state and the state is enforcing those laws, putting people of all ages in jail for doing the same thing, who's the hypocrite? Anyway, somebody faches me from a USA today yesterday. Look at that. We're killing ourselves with sweet. How do you like that? Thank you. Who was this? Len. Thank you, Len. From the forum in yesterday's USA today. Page 15A. And I'm not going to waste my time reading it or your time either, but it just exactly what I said. American's eat 7.1 billion pounds of candy year or about 25 pounds per person. A year. I guess that leaves up the candy bar that I bought an Echrodes last night and Broward Boulevard. As she stood there with her elbows, props and a communist. Nobody's got anything to say about that. Why do some of these people? And how much could those people be getting paid? Minimum wage? If she's getting paid, Minimum wage, she's still stealing. Because she's not working, she's just standing there. She's doing the affair to ring up the sale and take my freaking money. Didn't even have to put it in the bag. I put the candy bar in a pocket of ice. You know, just give me the receipt. Give me my change and have a great life. And I hope I never see you again. That kind of a deal. And believe me, she won't. WKOM. She won't. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm the mail. Yes, I am. I just wanted to see if you listen to the spokesman this morning. Yes, I did. I talked about it. I've had no response. Oh, well. So I saw my an elevator right away out. You and your. They shift my hands today. Welcome to the organization. I've been able to try to get a lecture. Well, I've been working with the organization. I've been working with the organization. I've been working with the organization. Because the organization is going to stay in in auto. You're not going to stay in auto. Yeah. Well, basically what he said is we're not going to spend any more money. We're part of that. Yeah. Yeah. I want to spend. We're not going to spend any more. Right. And, you know, we could use somebody like him or even keep primo. But. Ain't going to happen. Ain't going to happen. Okay. So say a prayer for problems. Yeah, we're gonna play shoe for the thing. No five six seven oh five sixty we might play this though All right If you're gonna work up two hundred Oh, yeah, that was really a lovely baby Okay, that's enough joling What do I ever happen to joling she just the hit it off her Nashville never come back she came by what did she do for us that one time she had something else The anniversary song that was that before or after that's a good Yeah, she should have quit right at that point. She did that Oh, cuz that song you know you're the one that played it today. Yeah, you know And I mean I wasn't gonna say anything back in those days, but you know now that I had this attitude now that you said to Shirley Right and a little Darren you're on right again Yeah, so what do you think the Dallas star 560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line W 2 a n Yes, I'd like to speak to me. Oh, please speaking. Hi, Neil. How are you doing sir? I'm doing this fine. Welcome to one Mickey Mouse radio station I like the call sugar-wide Mike and do you back? Okay, thanks a lot Welcome to our Mickey Mouse station where Greg Reed is busy running around tell us about how does Chicago sports station suck? I guess he didn't hear sure The guy can last night on this station, huh? Cuz suck would have been a big compliment in that case the worst four hours in the history of radio I mean embarrassing would have been an understatement People are on death row for lesser crimes than putting that man on a year W 2 Q a n Yes, sir. Yeah, I just leave the needle please speaking Neil, it's I'm calling from my job. My wife will go to the Vegas is weekend and There we rented at the Imperial Palace. Is that any good? It's a good location. Yes That's not a great hotel. I mean the rooms are okay. You know, it's just don't spend a lot of time It's gonna about New York here. We got a package for like four days or five hundred twenty dollars Well, so why then why you go to the Imperial Palace? Not just asking because you've been to before the New York in New York, New York. It's a hell of a lot better than Imperial Palace man Imperial Palace blows to be I mean I don't want to I don't want to say that cuz it sounded to me like you already were committed to stay there No seriously if you can change it and get into New York New York do it. I will I will trust me. I will Thank you, you only good thing about Imperial Palace is the locations pretty good number one number two There's an ethylens right next door talking about killing yourself of candy that is good and very expensive I don't care See John is always saying that oh, it's overpriced. You know, I don't care. See when you make a few bucks You don't go shopping for price when you buy candy Like a phanny farmer if I want cheap yeah, although I'll be honest with you now a phanny farmer Which I think started in Rochester I do believe in that you have a big other in Boston because every time we go to Boston There's a phanny farmer where I shop downtown And that's not too bad, you know farmers phanny trying to think about how to You never had a farmer's phanny. I'm not sure I thought you'd put it done in the same league with that. Well, you have had effelent. Oh, yeah, they had that What what tell us the kind Chris is a crispy crunch or something like that? That's the same for candy bar in Toronto, but oh like you know the one I'm talking about it's got like the coating and the answer Oh like the crushed nuts Yeah, like crushed just to die I could eat like five pounds of that right now and that would the big smile on my post Who would you who I in? Joseph Jackie Hankleberg and Joseph that that that that Oh, yeah, thank you. Thank you very much. I'll dig that up Is matter fact Oh Thank you by the way, Sandy K. Okay, it's the talent is what does that on which one is that on? I thought it was on 92 maybe it's not in there. Is it? No way definitely not in there That's the and I'll look forward to it in the break, but it's definitely in here somewhere Isn't it? Thought for sure was it on one of them I thought for sure was on 92 which I have in my hand right now. Oh, it is on here. Okay WCOM hello Patience rule could you understand I want to do translate did you get it? Yeah, okay. Thank you patience rule That's all what they say in the chicken coop I'll tell you then 241 at 560 WCOM sounds cheers the gaggy sucks, okay? No Yes Oh Oh Oh Oh Those are the names for book of Ryan was a real panel of 1246 and has 60 WCOM It's you know, I'm taking it back to these 23 long pond was years I've been on here in this town I don't think I could have survived without the great promotion of it every station I worked I you know they only got it really promoted me. I mean really enthusiastic the ins but a ton of money was packed There you go love your buddy bud. He said it was all a bunch of bullcraft anyway. All that other stuff And one of his more lucid moments which didn't have too many of them but nevertheless Yeah, that's what he said all that language stuff. I had to bunch of bullshod What he said After he finished talking about the god dang Italians and how the risk wound up is yacht Nice God buddy, but we had billboards all over even after I told him I was leaving They were still putting up more billboards because Harry penis Valentine a very short term short live program director He said oh, you know years is the only show on a station that's worth promoting we're too embarrassed by the rest of the crap How do you like that that's what he called it WQAM Hey, yeah, sir. Good afternoon. How you doing today? All right? What are your doctor? Confidence. Miss I'm right. Hey, by the way you turned me on to the sub center I love the food man. Right great people over there too They are yeah, they really are I want to say something to you know about you talking earlier about you know the whole thing The whole hypocrisy, you know one thing that hadn't gone know if you want to teach people I've overheard you talk about this guy What man? Hell ever happened So the bush brother. I think the thing was me or was it it's like you know the one it give it that was George his brother I'm not a good brother. I'm sorry. Yeah George George senior now that was your it was that George W's brother or is it uncle? No, I think that's his brother. Yeah There's a jab and George W and then Neil the one over the banking scandal. No, you know This is just a period all of a sudden You know it's like these people I need now they're trying to find another state for him to be governor. I think 94 I think it's a franchise that I'm right It's like godfather's gonna have franchise not over the country Absolutely, and I think I want to break the comment on Neil is being an being a This is human being not even in terms of being a black man You know I'm a little sick and tired of people you know the whole thing with the commission He hasn't caught on tape doing stuff. You know I picked up This is a black class and they say oh How are you ready to go to him at all? You see in the internet or whatever you should have done and I'm like the bottom line is you're crook The crook. Yeah, I don't care what color you have to be of a car a crook or crook Right, because you lose all kind of abilities you don't Okay pal. Thank you. God bless you There you go. That's right a crook is a crook well. That's because back like the OJ thing again You know he was being picked on because he was black and murdered two white people And what else wrong with these people anyway? WCU A M. Hello. Yeah, hi Neil. Yes, sir. I think you be in a little hard and just check-ackie on Joe's a gackie I'll get a get a get a get a get-ducky how many various stations will give a job to somebody on life support You gotta help the handicapped. Yeah, that's true. I think he I think he feels so several minorities first of all He's got that the chin the lips that go from your to ear Which I think fulfill certain handicapped minorities Yeah, yeah, well listen and being personality challenged I think is another category But I think more shocking and I use a more shocking Yes, he has been given done level a car a program on Sunday morning. That shows how desperate there isn't Yeah, they will back to yeah He has a guy a journalist from Los Angeles every Sunday and he told this fellow that's on the that the only reason that He he wasn't his problem was because he was a friend so the guy who was very sharp tolling or you want to you must have some real good friend in the SBA Exactly, well said I think I think you know I started a lot of writing my mind what goes on Who the this guy knows what kind of Incestors relations right what kind of naked pictures does he have more that that's the way it works around this building is that all of the people are here That shouldn't be here. They have naked pictures believe me Yeah, but then you got a lot of pictures because you got the three of two just in the morning, which are also Right, they could picture Santa sham he's got they could pictures Scuran and sales. He's got they could pictures and I know a lot or not he's got they could picture And can can maybe Sean can they be Sean or they are very Can they be felt? Not felt that but sure All right, they worthwhile any of them no Oh, then only the really go and I think they'll look too bad. Okay, listen have a great day of me go on Okay, I'll do your best to Joe. Okay. I'll say audio show to late audio show. Cheers My was one of making quick exit five six seven oh five sixty thanks to our good friends at Atlantic City subs for our coming back a second time today And you know so much happier. They were to bring us to food than they were the worst team. They just huh? Oh, yeah, they love us. They can't stay in those guys. Oh, girl. These okay the other two are kind of weak No, actually it was kind of interesting because after the VM Embarrassment on the morning show this morning So during the break they're coming out and they're all you know asking me because even guilty knows that I'm the only hockey Maving in this place. That was a two hour blow to it was embarrassing It was really in fact I think manages is probably gonna talk about it today at two o'clock About the embarrassing sucks job. They did again on the shepoxment this morning Even all mandatory courses not hockey intensive at least I'll say one thing for my scene with some of the games You see me through my mirror and at least he makes an effort to go out and see and get involved and learn something about it And suppose the some of the bozos around here Well thank you and I look at that. Thank you so much. That's exactly what I wanted That's exactly what you see with toothpicks to it through the bread you take the toothpick out you hold it like this You're full back the things like that the fold like I know Yeah, yeah, and then you eat their sandwich without the bread It's fair that it's very convenient that way in fact you really need the bread because it holds it all together that way As opposed to asking for a plate with a pile of crap on it Whatever man, but didn't this work out it worked in it and you don't have to give any special instructions That's all tag in sub roast beefed up whatever you want and here it is and then you eat what you want But they do that anyway. I just they do what anyway. They cook poll cut platters. Dolly platters Party platters You know that guy that mentioned the bird before I Don't want play We have to end that now. No, we don't I was waiting We're on the platter it puts the load in the back of a sense of the guy that can eat bread is going to order bread on a sandwich Am I supposed to feel guilty that I'm going to throw the bread alone? Is it matter of fact? I feel good that I threw the bread away. Hey, I was just thinking of you and now you're going to make me cry good WCOM Yes, sir You were sucking up the Murray like a big hole. Yeah, yeah I stuck this I'm go tell you was out here just to just dying for my input dying for my approval You all these said this yeah, you're such an asshole man. You're pathetic go back to New York. Oh, they won't take you W2AM Hello Hello Do you want tricky leg you faggot and Not a ricky leg Ricky lake how do you like that a little kid about two years old? No, this bag it doesn't watch Ricky lake Okay, and that he probably does Hmm, this is good What no, I got I got my own a fresco that I brought into them With the artificial sweetener of course WQAM Yes, sir. Oh, just George. No, this is Neil. I think. No, I'm okay. Hey. Uh, this is gonna make your day Article article in the in the paper and the city No, for me, the oh in Texas Went to Spanish only signs City council meetings. Yeah, I saw a fantastic article on the iPad pages morning about that Yeah, that's that's what this country is going. How do you like that? Yeah, they said because 80% of the People Folks later so the 20% is big English. There's food Yeah, maybe they'll be not maybe they'll be encouraged to the smart thing and that is get there a lot of there Well, yeah if they hadn't figured it out by now right now right this ought to be the sort of be the last sort of put them right over the edge Okay, thanks for the bad news 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line So what do you think about that this their stars Nobody Q. I am Yes, sir. I mean, I'm gonna tell you the guy who's sent his kid on the phone to say that I won't tell you man. I got to get out of this town. Isn't that amazing? A little a little a little kid you want to give you a bag of it I mean who would have this you had a mind the fact of it, but I mean choosing you watch it If you like that's a really bad Yeah All right, now where where can I go? Is Vegas a good place to live? No, would you live out? No, I would never live there Well, why would you want to live there? I don't know. I got any place seems better than this town Any place to vanna George is not too far. Oh God. I don't know. I might probably move to North Carolina if you know No, no, no, no, not too many space invading up there now George right exactly. I may have a plan Good luck good. I'm okay. Okay. Well, okay. Well, okay. Well, be too long just relax hold on the bat. You know pretty soon some of the civilized people will be back here in town After labor day a few will start trickling in Some of our hockey people come back Very hopefully Yeah Okay See this is all before we had Ray Whitney and Palmville, Burry 1256 at five 60 WC away and heylv my Minus I hate it. I hate both of you. I hate this. I hate this. My aim is my aim is my aim is my. I kid. The all-light cut in little stinkers. That's a little sound that comes right out of you. Think about the movie. Wanna copy me and do it exactly like I do. Get paid for writing little songs about Google. My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on, but I can't figure out which device to go. I'm going to fart on. You're doctor-draias. You're a major pastor. Yeah, I'm not. What do I smell at? Did you look with it? Well, it's age 12, it seems like I always smell that hot grip and gas isn't too much. It was pretty swear. I got this off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard into my underwrap backwards. Like Chris Crock. And every night I'm like, oh, dinner mad. Then fart out my ass. Stats in a fat bitch who ain't you fat. Smell this honey. You'll just wait a minute. I'm a girl. I don't give a fuck. God said me to think the world up. My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim. My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim. My aim is my aim is my aim. My aim is to see to what I'm going to be kicked out back in July high. The problem was something. Problem at my ass and die. I shot him in the face with my vapor. The worst happened later when I covered his desk with use toilet vapor. Walk in his trist club, my chances were filled up. Most of Bob Tandy took a dump in a kid curve. Went over to a dead to head off fucking agar. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father. Got him that cent of my life I was lied to. I just down down my mouth got all cats that I did. I thought I'd throw up to be a famous rapper. They corrected about strange noise. Made on the crap. You know you lose dirt when the women rush to leave. You try to hold your back but you're running and you're leaving. This guy watched that and said it was pretty cool. But I had to go go drop the kids off and move. My aim is... My aim is... Got better great ones on somewhere. I came up with that idea. The photo there's stuck on the facial as good in the food. 103 and 560W QM. Here's a letter that somebody fact me yesterday to take wrote to thenoconsent, which I didn't just get around to yesterday, but it's really great. It's written the Kurt Frank executive news editor that thenoconsent will just be your Kurt. For the last several months, one of your carriers has been showing your paper as a courtesy, but this has become a problem. I take the money here all in a few years ago. I made a pact with the devil to read it, and you know how that goes. So if I have to read both papers, that considered cool on usual punishment, which is punishable by five to ten years of having to read both papers two times a day. You don't want to have to do that. Also your paper has deteriorated badly, and is not just a mouthpiece for John Henry, and is too bit baseball team, which wants my task dollars to buy him a state of because he's not a very wealthy billionaire. Your paper has deteriorated. I notice now that passing dogs won't pee on the sun-central, but prefer the money here all to see how badly you slipped. Please take care of this little matter for me. It'll make my disposal problems a little less painful. I've since that your hell bent for recycling when that is in Vogue, so why not go whole hog every cycle in the printing room and save the public to trouble? Side Thomas and Miramar. That's it. Throw it in your old can and get the shredded people in there okay before the paper leaves the the joint. And do us all a favor, especially with the tutorials like this one today about how 18 year I love this. The law rightly regards children under 18 is not emotionally or mentally mature enough to make a fully informed decision about having sex. And people are growing. Right. Crazy people man. Crazy crazy crazy people running the media in this country. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on the 18th, wireless line. We're doing a little screenless here today, but it looks like we're at the end of the road. I have to digest that great lunch from Atlantic City, Sub-Zemha, for play a little bit of music. WQAN. Hello. My name is Dean Lorraine. Oh, how you? Your name is Jim. Oh, he's name is. He's an answer. That is name. Yeah. I'll say it like I said none of your people have anything to say. None of them. Not one. How can we have all of those people here and nothing to say any about anything? Not even to help with the Dell. All of these things that they can be talking about nothing. WQAN. To the public. Okay. WQAN. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, the thing in text with the ahuios. Uh-huh. How can you imagine if we tried to make English, you've pushed language to Florida? They already did. Right? They already did. Yeah, I'm looking at that thing in text. I'm page 18 and you're here in a national news. The thing would make an English to language here. It was all over the place. Of course, because that was evil because it's American. We're supposed to weigh, you know. We're supposed to bend everybody that comes up on a banana boat and bend to their wishes. See you later. Okay. Thank you. Much is gracious. 560505060, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I know it's Joe has got a whole new job. Now is the George's permanent sidekick in here, which is pretty interesting. No, I'd listen. I don't be grudge. You, I mean, you know, you're a good guy, but the air, you'd like doing anything these days or oven lunch. Since the 1015 this morning, that was waiting for lunch. Oh, waiting for lunch, eating lunch, then digesting lunch, then getting rid of lunch. And then it's, go home. All right. That's my kind of job. Woo! WQAN. Of course you would have to hang around with. Sure, you know what we're going to do. We're going to start dealing with him. Sure, Steve, we got the number, you know, the, the facts, the whole deal. We're going to start dealing with him. We don't want to talk to you. Okay. We'll talk to just about anybody in the world, not you as assied from Hollywood. We won't talk to you. We'll deal with it. We're on record here today. We will not deal with you. Okay. If we have to get you fired, if we have to get you put up on a cross, crucified, we'll put, we'll have channel 7 coming covered. But whatever it takes, goodbye. WQAN. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Are you going to want to do a CD this year? Yeah. Definitely, right? Uh-huh. Talk to over. Yes, sir. Okay. Is my end is going to be on there? I don't know why yours, but mine will be. That is a great sign. You know, you've been with me this one day that some of the charity songs you really don't even realize how fun of the R.C. Here, the real song. Right. I was walking through the mall there today and that I don't listen to rap music. And that my name is, which is like, that's the take off song, right? Right. It was quiet. And I just, so funny. I just said they're listening to a thing in the guy that you know, it really doesn't make it even more. And the message is, keep M&M away from your documents that never stick one in there. Thank you for your eye. Thank you for being you. Okay. And have a great day. Bye. Good old M&M. See, they've changed the video. The rap music and a hip hop because rap music you know, is just another word for your literacy. So they changed it to hip hop to make it like more and acceptable music form, which it's still, no, it's not. But nevertheless, one, oh wait at five, 60 WQA. Alright, okay. In, whoa. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Right Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressed. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare their shit out of people and intimidate them and they're giving you whatever you want. That's right, handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? Drop a bank. Don't have enough money for fear. Or the convenience. Take chips and pretzels while you're at it. It's all free. You've got a handguns. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. To simple solution, a life's complex problem. Why have to do is wait the five days for it. And happiness is just around the court. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares? Find a dancing off the street. Just buy a lot of handguns. The great alternative to working problems out can be considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make your fans. 14. 16. He's going to be a human. Jim managed. Yeah. Come on up at two o'clock for vacationing, Hank. And then the six we got to Donnie B. Working at that Marlon game. I like how I said, let's look at it from my positive standpoint. The Marlon game means no. Cheers, a guy. How do you like that? So let's hear it for the Marlon. Oh, he's pretty pretty. So we're doing screen loss. And we got one call ring in at the moment. So I just, I didn't realize that Atlantic City subs brought so damn much. Look at that. They sure don't bring that much for the morning guys. I'll tell you that. God. They brought a platter of like 50,000 subs in here. Tuna subs in Italian cool cuts and turkey subs. And olives and onions all kind of great stuff. Thank you, Atlanta City subs. Five, six, seven, five, six and great stuff to by the way. I mean just outstanding. Out for extending. Nobody QAN. Well, yes sir. Yes, sir. What have the plans for Lauren? Okay. Now this is the guy. This is the guy that called yesterday 6,000 times with the five, six, one number. And there is a God because it's self-ful and crap down. How do you like that? Sure. You're a bigger asshole than Andy from Hollywood. How do you like that? You're even bigger. At least he's got an excuse. He was just born on a like a mental defective. What's your excuse besides the kick out of New York? That's the guy. WQAM. QAM. Hello? Yes sir. Oh, this is going to be short. Yes. Who the hell? Two stupid. Two stupid. Even be able to have a conversation on a phone. Unbelievable. There you go, Igor. Knock yourself out, man. Good stuff. Great stuff. I agree. He says. Are there your pardon? Al Gore? Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18 and two line. That was beautiful. Let me tell you something, pal. If you're too stupid, even be able to have a conversation, even say what? Hello, goodbye, FU. Then good luck to us all. Okay. Suicide sounds like a real good solution to your problem. WQAM. How hung is well hung? WQAM. Meal. Yes sir. They're going to cut your tentacles. Uh-huh. I'm just WQAM. Meal. Yes sir. The first time I'd ten year old son saw a Joseph Gackie doing the sports on TV called a monkey mouth. Uh-huh. That's David Riff's monkey mouth, the Gackie. That was probably the nicest compliment he's ever been paid to. Thank you. Even a ten year old kid, though, that Joseph Gackie is a joke. He's a clown, is a monkey mouth, a group ball, okay? He does not belong on radio much less TV. And they wonder why they can't get any numbers on channel for news. And they put his ass on there. Are you people crazy? It's not bad enough. We gotta look at that thing on what's your name's lip all the time. What does your name? I got out of block on her night. We need a one of us though, we're name anymore. And a guy that Barbie doll guy that got with her. I never even knew his name in the first place. Now that's starting to bother me. What is your name? Angela Ray. See, even my old mind is stuck. It may come back. I had to remove that little thing. I got into block it out. Works doesn't it? Yeah, works. I put the toothpick back in now. Okay. What is it again? WQAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. My name is Croke. KK. KK. Who's rock this? WQAM. Hello. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you shouldn't pick on the gas. Can't hear you, sir. You're whispering. Oh, sir, about that. Speak on. Pick on Joe as much because he stuck up for you yesterday. Stuck up for me on what? On his show. Yeah. Hey, I'm a sports show. You don't take it off a Frank? What do I care? He still sucks. He still bleached, stuck up for me. Great. He sucks. He doesn't belong on the air. Hey, you don't have to mention my name. It's not of any interest to me, sir. He blows. He's not a broadcast. There's a joke. He's an industry joke. WQAM. Hey, Neil. I want you. Okay, sir. Hey, Neil. I want you. Okay, sir. Great. I want you to ask a question. I've been ahead of time for a while. When I had before I left that call or the chronic eye, any from Hollywood, everyone said that he had died. And I had to ask him. That wasn't the right. Unfortunately, sir, that was the good Andy that died. Not the evil Andy. Oh, great. So we keep making fun of everything. What is it? We keep making fun of everything. Yeah. Great. Great. All right. What are doing this number out over the year? One of these days very soon. It keeps going. At work. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. What are you talking to Neil? Speaking, sir. Neil. Yes. How are you today? Okay. Yeah. I love your show. And. And Joseph Gaki sucks. Uh-huh. Joseph Gaki. Yeah. Gaki. Yeah. And maybe I'd cool. Uh-huh. How do you know that? How do we know that that was coming, huh? Very limited repertoire. Our Hispanic friends here in South Florida. Very limited. Ping da cool all what else. So what I'd leave out. I'll get all my call and that's about it. That covers all the territory. WQAM. How do you like that? WQAM. Body call. There you go. WQAM. I love you, Neil. Uh-huh. WQAM. Neil. Can we have a show for Kapa? WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I want to see a new Neil. Yes. I. Well, head sir. Ah. I'm listening. I'm sorry. I didn't realize that was. I'm listening to you. The whole thing. 50 million people are listening to you right now. I'll let you your best material. You said to smart person and you so werety and everything else. Yeah. Why do you spend so much time wasting it on bringing down at the broadcasts? Other what? At the broadcasts. What language are you? What language are you speaking, sir? English. Could have fooled me. WQAM. You so expected? That was good. Good accent. WQAM. Neil. Q. WQAM. Are you doing Neil? OK, sir. I wanted to call earlier, but I had to take my little dog to the vet. Yeah. I wanted to call when you asked about a... Then one in Florida, you know, I was in Miami all my life. And I could give a crap about Dan Marino. I'd rather listen to the interview with the sports sportsman. Dispouchment? Dispouchment? Yeah. I didn't even hear that, but I can guess what we're on. You know. Can I give you a little bit of clue when I went on? Oh, and for like two hours? Yeah. That was a two hour blow job. Yeah. That's great. OK, good luck to pal. Now, but it was great. Maybe that's why Brian had to take a small on his face. I got off the elevator. WQAM. WQAM. Well, we took the dollars. Now, now, you hear in the background? That was beautiful. Tell me first. The most important thing we have a little kid that need to be coached. But when we got adults that need to be coached, that's especially good. Very good, sir. Try it again. OK. Read my lips. My name is Thrill and the... WQAM. I'll give her some. WQAM. God, thank God school starts next week. Uh-huh. Exactly. These are all adults. What do they go back to school? They're Neil. I wanted to call you yesterday. I got a quick story about American Airlines. I got the best one yet, though. Give me a chance to tell you this. OK. OK. After they kept us waiting in the terminal for two hours, because, you know, there was mechanical problems with the brain. Here comes the best one yet. They finally let us board the plane. Once we're sitting in our seats, I was reading a magazine, whatever the pilot comes on the inner come and says, we're going to be... I know that we're going to be delayed probably another 45 minutes. Because he's not satisfied with the way that's mechanic signed off, you know, the paper that the plane can take off. Within X-Menio. He said he wasn't satisfied with this picture. The way he signed off, he couldn't read his name out. So we had to wait another 45 minutes to an hour, where they tracked this mechanic down. Because the pilot wasn't happy with the way he signed the paper, you know, he couldn't understand the name that he wrote on it. I kept this another hour sitting inside the plane. You can find one that tops that. OK. That's my story. OK. Thank you. I think it was that good. Did you? Did you think it was that good? It was pretty great. No. That was yesterday, by the way. We ripped American Airlines for four hours. And yesterday we had some very... We had a lot of American Airlines employees who called who were very honest and said they hated their employer and that they suck, which was true. And then we had a couple of people. See, it's very good. I think it's great. I've said this before. I'll say it again. It's great to be a professional faggot, you know? Because it gives them an outlet. Because every time you say something that pisses them off, oh, you damn bad it. And it's great. Something to fall back on. So to speak. You know what I mean? Yeah, that. Which they probably have a lot of practice. And we had a couple of those yesterday, including the little cluster fork we had from those people on the one line there. Yeah, sitting around grabbing it or reaching for it. WQAN. You're new. Yes, sir. How you doing? All right. All right. All right. And now one of your biggest fans. All right. Yeah. All right. I want to know that it's all right. Bye. BOoh. Shall we go? Got you. First off. Dude, I guess we had Ante Point right now. How did he get that? Yeah. Right. So, what is this one? I know we don't have it. So you going home on drugs? Correct. That's right. I don't agree. Okay. WQAM WNWQAM WQAM Speaking WQAM WQAM WQAM WQAM WQAM WQAM WQAM WQAM WQAM WQAM WQAM WQAM WQAM WQAM WQAM WQAM that big breath and just just wouldn't know they think they're gonna get on it's a dial tone kicks thing you know yeah that sounds of course maybe it's a lot of fun going to a dial tone on a tricep time let's see that's not bad not too bad I enjoyed it there's Moriah scary one of the one in the gigantic breast maybe Louise McGill ran off of the other one that could have been it one twenty five and five sixty wqm and you look why you air in shit like this I got the fever for the playroom shingle new low fat shingle now with a third less police I saturated mono blue to make the neck rep and we're trying to sell you a few months ago in fact I can't believe the FDA let us get away with all the unhose of artery clung and crap reloading into our potato plucky new low fat shingle slower in fact higher insult consumer warning some ingredients may erode the colon small intestine low abdominal wall and are not biodegradable all human waste matter resulting from consent share this product must be disposed of using industrial grades field bio hazard units changes potato chips are manufactured on the planet cryptone and not recommended for students one thirty five sixty wqm five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line we're doing a little screenless here today exercise we do want to go while because the rest of the public are sitting back going uh oh yeah oh by the way no women when we do this ordinarily we get very few women what will we do the screenless uh none zero zippity do go goodbye to all the women I thought I'm complaining mind you but that's just the way it is wqa n what's the lotion in the rectum wqa n well here's another little kid yes yes sir real what can I do for him oh can you play that uh that uh anything wqa m yeah speaking sir yeah I'd like to talk to Neil let me say it again speaking yeah yeah I want to say don't worry about nothing yeah and let's say get out of here don't worry about nothing wqa n throw the gacky socks and he is a monkey thief okay wqa n sure the gacky's better wqa n I'm not a tool you all you sagot wqa n okay wqa n throw the gacky's better oh how about turn a radio done we'll do good jackass turn a radio off my let's go let's hear the material let's only a four-hour show let's go two late wqa n wqa n okay sure I just can't wait for man to come on too will you flood back and wqa n amen how are you doing okay we know it's embarrassing to say that I live down here and nobody can call you with a topic it's no it's more embarrassing to say that I worked down here much less forget about it I can't believe that people have an opportunity to speak with you to bring up a point to do anything but to be in intelligence this is the best I can do it's been that way for a hundred years pal oh yeah I don't know how you do it I've been listening to you down here for eleven years how tell you why I do it tomorrow is the twenty-fifty and what that means it's a big big fat payday you know wow that's why I do it and the next day is vacation day so I like your lifestyle yeah I'll tell you thank god you can't take that get a vacation and get away from all these people down here they don't have anything intelligent to say and I wish I had more than that Neil but I'm done okay I'll give you a thank you we'll stick a fork in you like somebody I know would say wqa n god wqa n you think it's common wqa n yes yes yes yes yes yes excellent wqa n it's the lotion out of your deputy qa n well Neil wqa n does the back of my wqa n they meal yes sir want to be a pet a five wqa n that's probably the guy from big U Marti again qa n oh wait I'll wait till they all get load up again and one more two let's use 133 one through about another six hundred between now and two o'clock wqa n yes sir yeah about the George Bush thing completely thanks so much for a creation of Joe Q's back 25 years ago should be all of it right now sir let me say it again if he it has no problem the why doesn't he fests up to with number one and and number one I'll come to relay to Texas is putting people in jail for it then you know what you call recreational drug use my quote get asshole friend how do you like that this guy's another one these guys whose nasal passages is so bored out his whole sign as is this guy can't even speak his nose is his throat he needs a good eye or nose and throat man is what he needs somebody's recreational drug use what a crackhead wqa m yes sir it was up the other one okay it's about those uh pkwqa m you know yes sir you are the best and and I will I don't want to leave anymore because something wqa m hi Neo how wqa m look he in a say so wqa m Neo I can't believe how you how you put up with this what do you mean by that that's already 25 you'll too I've had tons of calls here today man oh just look at better than give that number out and begging for calls yeah no just just the damn just the people I want to leave you out here keep in mind people all over the world are listening on internet and this is what they hear from South Florida and you know I think it's a very accurate reflection it's perfect I'm embarrassed to live your meal and me too and you're too sure and see yeah wqa m wqa m yes sir Neo let me say it again yes Neo wqa m wqa m you know the whole wqa m Neo yes sir good afternoon sir and wow a lot of you bound tomorrow and not wait I want to thank you for actually lying that fuse my brain to get out there next one you have a wonderful time question for you apart from uh uh the service or later oh show any reason to leave that resort what do you mean by that I mean what else sort of see I had never been to dig this before well you don't want to stay in one place I mean when you get out there you'll see that uh you'll see all these lights and wqa places and you want to see them all the mgm and uh New York New York and uh seizures and all of the all of these things you want to see it all so it's water and suicide don't just unlock yourself in here and one joint that's a bad idea I will follow your advice to paint okay have a great time yep one is your lungs out wqa m and then just blow it out wqa m w wqa m it's a lie I'm not a knot wqa m say Neo yes sir how dumb are people that they think recreational or normal drugs use it in relevance for a diet that's trying to be present how dumb is this time who's putting people in jail right now for doing the same thing right I mean like you know this is like I'm this here with the dumbest talent that I think I've ever heard of all my life yeah I just moved here I think it was a bad uh that is good you come from good old Baltimore mayor and you came here you must be out of your mind man for a job but I'm thinking it was a bad after seeing you know very bad the worst to see you ever made this is the end of this is the armpit of the universe I'm I'm learning that in the in the stupid thing some pump of the uh of uh or whatever whatever but you're the best man just to all listen to you and I'm I get a good take off the man take it easy alright see yeah bye yeah he'll be a healthy blown his brain's out in about six months will be reading about him in the in the new's papers wqa m Neo we only think worse than wqa m Neo yes sir hey don't listen first of all I'm a sports I'm a sports nerd number two I'm a sportser yeah number three I'm a sportsman in hand yeah number three I'm a spanic yeah number four I'm a Christian but I believe in a personal relationship I don't go Bible Bible thumb personal relationship with what with God with what with God or you mean they do God yeah yeah um number two I believe in leaving people alone that's what you always preaching and you don't have to leave people alone people alone good idea and my thing about a bondics is you know my children I got four children and uh they're in the school system quote unquote black school system and uh I've got a problem with how these peaks so I'm always on their backs about you know speaking English to get a job and I want to stay in the show talking about uh uh I think about a couple of months ago talk about what speaking white and a lot of the kids were talking about today they figure if they speak English that they're acting white and if they excel in school that they're acting white and they don't want to do that for the friends so what I do was I called all my kids in the room to make them watch the show yeah and uh I think it paid off I really do well I'll tell you be beaten the crap out of them if they don't start speaking that we speak in property and I really think the reason why people Christian uh atheist whatever listen to your show it's because you are entertaining yes so that's what it's all about I mean they can they can call you whatever you want if you have a crap as long as the check clears I couldn't care less hey and god bless you sir thank you and have a great thing okay there's three deep which is uh Josh Ferrell from uh young and the horny pretending to be a singer tell you if he actually is sure to have end the nick or Matt what was his name on a show no he's nick it was Matt whatever it is see that's what happens when you don't keep up with your favorite soap operas for a while what do you want drugs uh I'm on much what's too late they're gonna know a cool gatespot now I just had that what why did you want to see it no I had never seen it yes you had I have we are used we're right here in this room months ago they showed it though it here it is again no it isn't there's some other bogus pot okay can I do this pot please no 21 before two and five sixty wqm how it's threatened and they serial The concert ended with burning trees playing on stage wasn't taking place. Chile peppers went hot for me. Their girls' woodstocks often flame well-fucked for a surprise, but that pissed the people lost. But burning merchandise was a hell of a stand-off with stock riots. I had hot-set set, they didn't flame, but woodstock riots. I had to claim an actual door-aid. Woodstock riots. I had started on the left-aid. Woodstock riots. I hope to still start on the door-aid. Yeah! Go see Hainfors! Who's faster in cars? I'll show that open-up with all change rounds ended up with the burning to the ground, knocked out two towers, the crazy night, Carson's galee. Grand-for-as-life, I think keeps there to say, only some kids ruined the show. Thanks to this melee, they've forgotten to piece of love. Woodstock riots. It started on the left-aid. Woodstock riots. I hope to still start on the doorway. And you remember who this really onstage when they started putting them over the edge, who got a muskotic, a little bit for a spiscuit. This is who doesn't. Yeah. Good shot in there. 145 at 5.60, WQM. We got the mad dog coming up at two today. Who's going to take the real stories about Joseph Gackie? WQAN. Thanks, thank you for- WQAN. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. You know, when I look out in America today, it just makes me sick, really. I mean, this country, I mean, forget about your better off moving to Turkey or the country. You know, I'm going to take the real stories about the K-K-K-K-K-N, for all of the forth, you know? Hello? WQAN. Hey, if I didn't build you, I'd take WQAN. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Mr. Neil Roger. Speaking. How are you today? Great. Well, that's good to hear that. I have two things up to say. Okay. Number one, I want to congratulate the great job you've been doing for the past years and I want to congratulate your day and night for the big 20th coming up tomorrow. And to keep up the great work. Number two, it incenseens me to see all these people, calling all of them have nothing to do in their own, in the whole they have nothing to do. And the color, radio station and blow off a smart remark. They're blowing it off. Yeah. You can say. They're taking people there running people like you. If you feel like you were done great things for those friends and it's like that tax increase that I've got enough money. I did a single hand to leave, man. You know? The vote too, yeah. You know? I don't understand. There's no, I just want you to keep up the great work and I appreciate to have you listening. And thank you so much. All right, buddy. Okay. WQAN. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. WQAN. WQAN. WQAN. Hey, Neil. What's up? I'm a Puerto Rican smart stuff. Uh-huh. And I just have two things to say. I'll leave you alone. One, my Mustang can be told, Corvette, and two. WQAN. Body, honey. WQAN. Neil, thank God for you, man. Thanks to you, my wife and I are finally going to take a trip. Great. You know how to do places in the Isle? Don't take American Airlines. You're out there with that. We're going to Isle, babe. Uh-huh. I take Delta. Okay. WQAN. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm vacation about two weeks ago. In the middle of the night, I was just flipping around the AMBile, just to help it. This is a fresh candy and stuff, and then I hear Chris Moore. In the middle, I like it. 11th or eight night, he's on the fan. More on. Oh, he's got people calling, talking about, what's his name, Goldstein? Somebody called about that in New York. Something about Jim doing games, and how he sounded like a mouse. He's got a press in New York about being a mouse now. Y'all leave, they're talking about him starting like a mouse. They're his good friends. Yeah, I'm a good one. He's from the back standing buddy, Chris Moore, on the fan where they don't even have any ID who guilty is, and he's ripping him on there. That's nice. Please get capital of New York. Okay. Have a great day, pal. WQAN. WQAN. WQAN. WQAN. WQAN. WQAN. It is. WQAN. WQAN. W. What is it? Couldn't hear the year what it was? I think he said, anti-M. What was it, vase? Excuse me. WQAN. I knew. Yes, sir. I would hate this people calling and ragging people that have nothing to call about. That's what bugs me. But I wanted to you, pal. An airline that has a service that might be of interest to you. Yeah. Yeah, they serve up young boys. Uh-huh. Yeah, it's WQAN. Hello, Neil. Yes. Got a shameless request. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Can you please on the cash be a good attitude? No. WQAN. Come on. WQAN. Hey, me, I eat dinner. Okay. What percentage would you get? If this is about it means to be number one in young Hispanic men, this is what it means. Go ahead. Yeah. On the benefit we get. Did I end up off? Go back to that. I couldn't hear what going because it's. No one I believe me. It's a bonus for you. Okay. Anyway, I don't know. What people that listen if you had a guess or if you had an infamy, what percentage do you think our call is as far as not? I'm not thinking about a chronic everyday, but like 1%. 1%. Uh-huh. And would you say that at 1%. Uh-huh. Out of the 1%. I'd say 98 need mental help. I think 98% of the 1%. Okay. So I must be that too, hopefully, that don't need it. But anyway, I just, I love you, show it. It's just, What the heck? WCWM. Hello. Yes. All right. Yes, sir. Hi, Michael. Uh, what a call about. Yes, sir. I flew American Airlines once. I'm so sorry. Yeah. And we actually, please. Thank you. We actually, uh, we love the flag that we got there early. Yeah. Which was pretty amazing. Great. Considering it was a bit, you know, full of the nanobub people. We were going on to the Dominican Republic. Yeah. I'll never go in either while I'm never going terminal C or D again. Ever. I don't care what anybody says. I will never go in that part of the airport again. It's a full country. It was pure. Wow. You know, it's even with a chicken. You should have to have a passport just to get through, forget about going anywhere, just to get into that part of the terminal. All right. I have a great day. WCWM. I have a great day. Charlie, can wait and see just how long it takes before they find them. They start that and they don't get come out. WQAN. WQAN. Hello? Yes. Oh, another one of yours. WQAN. Yes, sir. You know, I've been listening.