Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Ford Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. We're talking Neil called 566-056-2-3 for date in Brownell or Count 560 on your cell ball. The opinions of Neil is guest co-er's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the feasly broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 566-2AL-7, I thought, nurse. I'm not a piano player, I'm a piano player. No matter how hard it's right, can't get further date, gather to power it is. She would touch up in me, shasadee, I'm grieving. It's too hard and believing, cause it's really not so fun. You dated guys really hard for all. Oh, you're too lazy, you're too lazy and you're not the only one who's busy. No. You must be something wrong, you're too gay. I'm really don't know where I went wrong now. Well good, let's play that new disc on here today, just from start to finish. It's 10.02 at 560-056-2A, I'm unhappy on Kipper. What do you say on your Kipper? Does anybody know? No, I don't know what you say, other than what the hell am I doing here today. I could have done a nice three day weekend in Toronto without all I do in here. Because, see if I guarantee you want to receive a sneak over to program director, you know, he would have set on Friday, take the day off. Everybody else is going to be bailing out of here, but you know who's fall that really is is that goddamn beefo. I come in this morning and there he is, is Jaldi here today? No, thank you to be on today. No, man, it's to be on. Yeah, right. Because in the parking lot downstairs, even the glam here, even John Peanus, to him every day is the vacation, by the way. Life is a vacation for this guy. Even the glam are Jewish here today. WQA, I'm speaking. Paul and Tim and Pa. Who is it? Paul and Tim. Oh, nearly. What's up? You don't fall in Pembroke Pines. Oh, it's all right. Take all the time you want, Paul's going to be a long day at Jump Kipper, you know? Yeah, no, no. You're not Jewish, are you? No, I'm not. No one cares in the end of the bush. That's right. Nobody gives a crap. That's why I'm here today. Yeah. All right. So, what's up, Paul? Yeah. I got some gossip. Yeah. All right. Last night, I heard that you're a gay Jewish fat. Thanks. Yeah. Okay. That's some gossip. Well, right. I'm gay Jewish fat. I don't believe you. No, I'm a straight Jewish fat. That was excellent. Paul very good. Tony was a guy. WQA, I'm hello. Hey, how are you doing now? Okay. I'm just want to say, you know, a very good weekend. Thanks to Hurricane Booting. I don't know how to be about that. How about Notre Dame losing the middle of the day? I would be a part of the day. I would be a part of the day. I would be a part of the day. I would be like, I think it's something. I don't want to start getting in sports intensive because it's a bunch of crap. But let me ask you this. I know the fixes in and Notre Dame, thanks to the cat lunch. Church is the only school in America that's got its own network telecast. National telecast. But how could they have been rated number 24? How could they have been rated anything when they lost two in a row? Well, you know what? They're going to lose two more. They got to play Tennessee. They got to tell USC. Oh, I love it. I can't wait. They're going to have all the popes going to be. I don't know what they're going to be doing now. And then you know what's going to happen to is nothing. I'm going to get sanctions. Cause ball there at illegal stuff. Right. Yeah. Probably trying to think of knows that like you did when he put that guy of the electric guy. I didn't get bothered to do it. They'll tell him there's a bunch of Puerto Ricans in school. Exactly. But you know, say, glad you're on there. Glad you're on today. And I want to call a few people do. I just quite a service. Am I being on on your own? Kipper. I sure if the audience appreciates it, including that asshole, Paul from Pembroke Fund that started this out with his stupidity on a call. See, that's the problem. I'm going to turn on the price soon. We got A as like that out here. But I call a few people do spend. Go ahead. John, Alex, and Pat. All the rest of the, how has he? T-baggers? You're all bunch of douchebag. All right. I was going nearby the gators and FSU. Too bad about those hurt coolings. You know, too bad about that. But I did see the end of that game. Game is sexual excitement to see that in the section on the last play on that desperation heave. I bet you there was a lot of heave and going on in your old two, by the way. Too bad. You lose. How do you like that sports? That calls out the end of the worst team. And by the way, good morning to all our sports friends out there. I had never, I never realized that every sports or in this town listen to this show. They put down that they listen to the EDR and Hot 105. Air-read, dark, complexed person to stay on the, love this show. I mean, you know, if they had a choice between being called Sparksers and Niggers, they like this Sparks Award. That's, that's why. I'll work it and use to that nigger thing. And that's why they call me each other nigger now. This is nigger Neal. So here's a picture on a front page of the hero list. So all by the way, the hero, we did, I don't want to start on a negative note with the hero. But what did I do with that thing? Here it is. In a sports section, not that I want to get sports intensive, like I said, because God only knows, this station has got a sports disease, a sickness. But, and didn't I tell you, didn't I tell Hank what he came in here last week that Brian Greasy is not ready for prime time and probably never will be. And you know, I was talking a little dog in the, whatever that room is back there during one of their 20-minute commercial breaks this morning and even he admitted it. That's just because Bob Greasy is Brian's dad. So therefore everybody's given us kiddo in all free pass. He's, he's blows. Okay. He's not, they've got to cut it. They get bombed by the, slowly pathetic Kansas City Chiefs yesterday. But at any rate, so in the hero that's got the story here missing L.A., you got it. And it's got in the insa where it's got the final score of the game. Chiefs 26, Browns 10. And underneath it, Titans don't miss McNair versus Browns, Titans 26, Browns 9. So Cleveland got the Browns back, but the team is so bad. They lost two games in one day. If you believe the heroes, yeah, the Denver Browns, remember that doesn't have the Broncos. At least you got a couple letters right in there to first three letters. That's good. Nice start there with the hero. And mistake, after mistake, after mistake. And of course the biggest mistake is buying that rag. They could wipe their echo. And that piece of crap, that paper. Oh yeah. Chiefs 26, Browns 10. Titans 26, Browns 9. So almost the identical score. What a joke of a newspaper this is, huh? So what I do with that picture of this said you. I mean, it's a juhala, baby. And I'm here. And our program director says to me, I'm Friday. Oh, you wouldn't be a big hypocrite like that to take me for three days, weekend. Why don't I not? Everybody else around here does. You want to see our parking lot downstairs. Look, I look like the hurricane came back for seconds. Not just tropical storm. What do they call a missing? Just the tropical whatever it is out there. I don't know. They're eight. Now, begins with an eight. It's not good. It's the one in the Caribbean that's going northeast. It's one in the Gulf. It's with an eight. Who's an eight? Harvey. Is that it Harvey? Four years like out of touch. I think that is a black guy. Probably got smacked in my head by some guy. Probably got smacked in the head of the swing club. By the way, I would have stayed out today. But if George would have done the show, you had a head here at Part 25 about the guy in the swing clubs again. And about the score. Just directed. Here's Miami. Hello. You know, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Listen, I had a good weekend. I went to the UM game. Yeah, who? Aren't you crying? No way. I call anyone every seven months. OK, you sound like one of the crimes. No, never. Never. Anyhow, the thing I was thinking about, I went to the Dalton game yesterday. And I suffered in the rain and in the heat, which was the worst. And I went home and I watched the tape of the game because I really didn't pay much attention. I was there. Jake Plummer, they're talking about him. They're talking about how when he was a kid. They cut him on the sidelines. Taking his nose, rolling it into balls and flicking it. When I saw that, I was just dying. Don't think of this guy. I glued it. They're going to do a feature on him or they're going to show him. You always see these athletes grabbing themselves scratching them. So that's one of the classier things that Jake has done. I mean, not just picking a nail, but rolling it into balls. Was he doing it, too? Yeah, well, I don't know. He's going to be selling it. Yeah, selling it. Selling it. Smoking it. That's it. I'm out of material. OK, thanks. There's a guy who saw the important stuff of the game yesterday. It makes you realize that they squeak by a girl's team yesterday. And of course, last week, they beat a team with a girl's quarterback that got beat by Kansas in yesterday. And in fact, the so-and-bearist families want to say in Broncos in the newspaper, they changed it to Browns. Because even the sports editors over there couldn't believe Kansas City could beat the Broncos 26 to 10. So they figured, well, I must have been the Browns. Pretty embarrassing if you ask me. So let's talk to people today who've been, I asked this before and never get any response because they're too embarrassed because we know it's a gay club. He's initiations and he's in all this other stuff. Anybody who's in a fraternity or ever been in a fraternity? That's a fact. I'll tell you that right now. OK? Just like all those professional sports stuff, just like the US military, all of this stuff, guys shower together. Every initiation thing has to do with guys being naked. Has to do with genitalia, getting guys drunk, shaving her head, shaving her private, doing private. Why do I think they call him private? Because they go first class. I'm an attacker, tenet five, 60 WQAM. Dude, what is it? Wasn't really all that gay until now. Pato, Pato, right now, it's top man and one go. All right. Just lip-boarding, but don't feel right now. Come and be one go. Hey, Mr. Coral, tell your people. Right, like a man, be one go. Hey, like a man, be one go. Hey, like a man, be one go. Hey, like a man, be one go. Hey, like a man, be one go. Six men, seven men, eight men. Right, like a man, be one go. Six men, seven men, eight men. Right, like a man, be one go. Hey, be one go. Right, like a man, be one go. Hey, be one go. Hey, like a man, be one go. I'll do people with bunch of barbell shops. Right, like a man, be one go. See this spirit in the club. Right, like a man, be one go. Six men, seven men, eight men. Right, like a man, be one go. Six men, seven men, eight men. Right, like a man, be one go. Hey, be one go. Right, like a man, be one go. All of the people are the great nerds in history. You know Robert Novak, the right wing asshole, the right to the Chicago sometimes, it's on 75 different, the most panel shows, especially on CNN. So yesterday, there were debating back and forth or whatever it was, and somebody mentioned the Blair Witch project. And he said, what's that? Now, I understand, okay, I haven't seen it. No, we're like, is there really a lot of pukes coming here, you know, any day? But, uh, how can you be that on the touch? How can you be that old and that bloody dirty? It makes Bob Dull seem like, you know, an MTV of DJ. That's how pathetic Robert Novak is. And speaking of pathetic, oh, before I get into a rip and, you know, let's eat by the way, we'll soon, just to piss off the real Orthodox out there, the house eating, and the other silly Orthodox people that are living in the Stone Age, along with all the other religious peoples of the world. This bears repeating in case you missed it last week. This should tell you what the sports nerds are all about. Killer executed in Texas dies as a football fan. This is a true story. This is from September 15, which was last, whatever day it was. Wednesday. Huntsville, Texas, William Prince Davis, who killed a man for $712, and there's been on death row for, uh, Zilly Nears since June 78, by the way, is when he committed the murder. Praise the Dallas Cowboys, professional football team, to the day before his executed here. Here is his final words before the lethal injection took effect and he was pronounced dead. I'd like to say in closing, what about those Cowboys? That bears repeating over and over and over again. That should tell you everything you need to know about the sports flag club in America. Why don't you not those Cowboys? Oops. So here's a picture on a front page of the Haroldus morning, Stephen Rosenberg before Lauderdale. Oh, with a schmotton is said, by the way, with a bini on his head, a ten-day young kippur service that temple coal on me in plantation. Young kippur, which began Sunday at sundown last night, is it time when Jews asked for forgiveness for their sins, a Cooper City family about those out about some of their stupid sir that got on the inside? I have only one question about all of this crap. Oh, hey. Yeah, that's my question. Oh, it's tradition. You know, something so is slavery, so is bigotry, so is intolerance. There are certain things that are traditional that should have been stopped and so are all these initiation things and these hazings at fraternities and in sports that hockey book that I got just unbelievable and about halfway through, I think I'll bring it into Marmy, we read it on here. Look at these phone calls here now. We had about five or six on here before. Now there's one. Is it a sin to use the phone today? Oh, must be a sin for even a grand-de-use the phone today. That must be the excuse. Okay, please give me a nobody's in school today because it's a dual holiday. Everybody's pretending to be Jewish today. You know, the Graham Art and Schul, I'll tell you that. Yeah, how can you be in school when you got to be in school? That's what I say. And I got one call on the board. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, while I was left. Let's hear from some Jews who are eating today. Oh, who aren't going to show up. Why are celebrating these ridiculously holidays? A toning for your sins, my ass. How about God should have told for his sins? I like the hurricane that killed the last count with 74 people would probably be more than that. That God started because he was pissed off again. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy young kipper. And back to you. Thank you. Can we do? Can we? Next to me, all the day for you. Okay, I certainly will do that. Anyway, did you catch yesterday's arrow? The three-page bread on how they're going to do the public and to building a stadium? No. Oh, I'll try to factor to you. Well, it's three pages long. It's a special. And how they're trying to mimic everything. Sunday, I go did to build a new one. Yes, one. And you're going to happen. And you're going to happen, John Henry. You're dreaming. You're living in the law, all land, baby. It's not going to happen. It's incredible. Neil, you've got to get your hands on that section of the newspaper because it's truly amazing. Yeah. And three pages. And not one. Did they mention that just last week? The Beatles, the hotel people were voted down. No, they're kind of acting a secret by burying it there. I never had one phone call about that. I'm Friday. One of the most embarrassing disgraceful things in history. Here's a very important unanimous vote. And they voted no. We're not going to give one more penny to the hotel tax. To the guy to John Henry or anybody else for more or readers and stadiums in a buried in the business section on the bottom of the page. Yeah. Well, yesterday three pages. They could not find a paragraph to stick their that article in just to mention that the hotel people said, Hey, John Henry, screw you. I must be crazy. I must be not exactly. Okay, pal. Thanks for the. I'm sorry. Happy young kipper. Happy young kipper, everybody. But it's not supposed to be as I screw you. Okay, it's a silly bunch of crap. Oh, but it's our most silly day of the year when you're supposed to fast. And by the way, speaking of fasting, you know, this, I'm just wound up. I got so much crap here today. I don't really care if you call or not to be honest with you. Because what do you got, you know? Oh, you would gauge the respect. Well, that's the, you know, that's this town's material. First of all, this thing on the front page with this picture here. This is more propaganda being spawned by the media. All we's sucking up to religion is there anything on our hands? Here's a guy with a been on. You know, that would seem to be a logical question. Why is this man wearing a beanie and holding a book written in a language that goes from right to left that he can't read and don't understand anyway? There's a very good question. You know, I'm going to say the question is, but that's not on there. Because the media has to continue pandering and pandering and pandering and pandering never ever stops, never. Here's a mobile and call spring, hello. Neil, how you down to that? Okay, sir. When we're going to choose working to make. What is it? I thought I was going to choose working to make. Yeah. I called you Friday to go to a tech today off. Remember, because you used religion to kill each other, we can use a take a day off. I went out to their last night and I'm tired. The day on the juice, I'm passing, that's day to go up a dinner. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no. What is that all about? What is the point of that? Even although obesity, of course, I started to say is the number one illness in America. You do understand it, don't you, sir? Yes, sir. Fat is the number one obesity in the number of the number one illness rather than number on killing this country. And you realize that people are turning all these quack pills and dangerous drugs because the medical professionals usual has let them down. They've abandoned us because they don't know squat about making people lose weight. They don't know nothing about it. That's right. And Neil, I want to look on doctors, but I might for two or three hours today. Fakers, blotters, murderers, yes, go head sir. Talk to my boss and this bag. Okay, go ahead. Hey, do you guys hear this bag? You're not the anti-close. Okay. See you, pal. Well, he's got a very good number of Bubba. It's good enough for him. I thought he was yodeling. First, I think that's those are the first signs of syphilis, aren't they? I don't want to say that. I thought it was a shanker. So anyway, look, look like Bill Bradley might actually have a chance there because Al Gore had come to find Al Gore couldn't have fixed election. Even against the dollar like the bushman. I always liked that Bill Bradley. Oh, not. He's pretty boring. Anyway, why is why are Stephen Rosenberg and all these other Jews standing there holding this book and with this thing with a schmoth on it? Although, at least he's not wearing a talus and all the other trappings like you're a barberica accountant for in their David. So every time I think of him, I just shut her and I, although I will say that he's a microcosm of all the problems of the world. He is. He is a walking, living and breathing and I use those terms very loosely. Microcosm of all that's evil and horrendous and sick and tragic in the world. You see this business about tradition traditions only reinforce those things that separate people, keep them apart and and perpetuate their hatred and and the bigotry. That's what traditions do. So tradition isn't good. Tradition is usually sick and pathetic and doing something just because somebody else really did it for a long long time. Doesn't mean we ought to be doing it. Monics, Tana, Halila, Hazet, why is this day any different from any other goddamn night or whatever it is? Which this ain't even holiday that we say that. Even a gland though what that means. I'll say one thing about New York, even the glam or Jewish in New York. That's one of the good things about New York. I think too much else could about it. Look what they did to us. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Good morning. Yes sir, where is this? Hey, just two things I want to tell you, remember. Are you Jewish sir? No, unfortunately I'm working. Listen, remember as you're talking about the hurricanes and Notre Dame how you hate him. Yeah. And they both lost on Saturday. I don't know. I'm such a good mood. I know because your team, Michigan State, whip their butt for the third year in a row. Right. Listen, how committed is all the professional Jews want to take all these holidays off or with this tradition? Yeah. But when it comes around during a springtime when I want to take good Friday off, can't do it. Why not? And then make a big stink about it. That's when I want to understand. I've had, I've had, I've had, I've had, I've had some ass on your forehead and just tend to be alone. No, seriously. Take off ass Wednesday and ask. Yeah, I know. When I want to do it, I look. I was seeing, why were you? I started bringing my own lunch to work. Brace of macaroni and cheese if you're Friday and something that you're real developed Catholic? Yeah. Right. And on Friday, is it good enough for the Catholics, baby? Listen, you know, Neil, I was forced to go to catacus and then go to social insurance. Yeah. I was just wondering, so, you know, I know all the stuff that goes on with you. Did you know, fact in the church? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know all the BS that, you know, the things that you're supposed to do on Ash Wednesday and Palm Sunday, and I'll have, but every time I bring it up, I want to take Friday off for good Friday and they're like, why? I'm like, well, why do you take your date off? I'm glad you're late with a religious discrimination suit. I just like one of the big women. Yeah. I'm going to make a federal lawsuit out of it. Good. Neil, have a great day. I'm out here listening to you. I always listen to you. I love you. All right. There's a good cat like boy. Oh, five, six, seven, oh fuck. Come on. Let's get the Jews out of the closet here today. Stop pretending you're observing them. Kipper and you're in trouble today. Stop with his bull crap. I'm embarrassed for you. Okay. Every time I look for Jews in a audience, can we find any? Oh, no. Everybody in his place, even John Pena's like I said, even he don't show up today. And of course, Hank, he's always Jewish, you know? One thing I'll say for Hank. He knows how to hell. Stay out of here. If I'm not saying that I blame him, but this guy, I won't go into invocation. And they can't change his holidays, Jewish holidays, Irish holidays. I mean, every guy damn holiday. And here I am like a shrug coming in here because we got a program director that doesn't have the balls to say like a real man. God Almighty, your kick and ass, you're bringing in all this money. Look at those ratings. Look at those trends. Take the day off. Have yourself a good time. Have a nice three day weekend. Did he say that? No. Oh, don't be a hypocrite. Oh, you need you there. Oh, that was George might do another show on swing gloves. Which believe me, if he does, it could be his last. 1026 is 560 WQM 100. A good time for the great taste. Neil, this is noodles. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. Yeah. It's fun. A thousand. You broke. A thousand. You broke. A thousand. You broke. A thousand. You only sold me a Bloomberg store. A thousand. A thousand. A thousand. A thousand. You broke. A thousand. As you replace these, Palmer Omни. As you replace Gray Omnis. As you judge me, Once you give my power to someone. Spare the blue sky to be shipped. You never lemon. No. Never mother of a kin or a worker. No. I like the other one much better. It's a 1032 of since that time show van dog, you know what I'm saying? It's a shame no more. That's what Bulkab Ryan said. I got one of his checks. I almost forgot about him. 560, 560, pound, five60, yeah, 18T wireless line. Look at for Jews who are eating today. Here's the lady mobile in Parkland. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I'm the owner of the chair. I'm one of the chairs in few. I had a big rest of the morning. All right. And now even my car driving around to go spend money. I think just for the Gnage, I'm gonna pick a fight with somebody. Recto, I'll ride. So I thought that would be a perfect day. Beauty. And the other thing I thought was interesting. Both convert to backers two before you're finished. Yeah, perhaps. If I'm lucky. The priest out in San Francisco. That the church is going after. Yes. The guy who molested all these altar boys. Patrick O'Shea. Yes. Good. And quick. The guy was stupid because what he did, he stole money from the church and then the church got pissed. Right. They would have left him alone. They don't care about that. That's right. Excellent. They don't give a crap about molesting all the boys. That's probably a part of the job. That's right. So the guy was a schmock. He was a part of the job. Yeah. So have a great day. And my other favorite thing is when they say to me, you have an easy fast. Yo, yeah. So Neil. Have an easy meal or two. Yeah. Okay. Thank you, sir. Yeah. We're eating today. Okay. And we don't care how many of you barbaric Jews from the stone age are fasting. And you know, two beds. And you're going to eat. In fact, I'm going to eat a lot on here. I'm making it up. I'm going to like Steve Kane eating noises on here. Smacking my lips. Can we get like pork chop stuff with crab? Oh, sounds like a lot of stuff. Yeah. Let's eat a lot of self they're here today. Yeah. Let's have a couple of cheeseburger. Anything. Trace sounds good to me. I'll just piss off those silly Jews. Okay. Stop already with the barbaric nonsense. Well, yeah. Oh, but it's your. I'm kipper. How can you be working? I'll tell you one thing. I'm taking off Martin Luther Cundig in this coming January. I do every year. Why to hell not? I mean, granted, it's easy to be Jewel forward day because you can't really tell for sure unless you're going to start checking under the fly, you know. And even that's no proof in this country. But it's kind of see, it takes a lot of balls to take off on Martin Luther Cundig, especially when you were literally white and pasty looking as I am, nevertheless. I got plenty of black blood trunks. Throw into my veins. Just like George does, even though he's in denial. No, I think you're right. Yeah. This is Спасибо, Joshua. Sir, şehers, Dwyer George, and you can be hang of the gay rap. I wore my obfalsches to work today. Cause when I was a little kid, my mama always used to say, I'll be sure to put on your folishes, even when it was on my shot now outside, cause he's a real nudge, a real real nudge, a pest, unnudmit. Who by the way, was rifling through my garbage several weeks ago and bob翼 Dickers Barr rapper. One of the all time great lines I was. I was rummoving through his garbage and i'm going to leave some real good crapping. pretty soon, Mom. Back, maybe some of you from the dogs leave your present in there too. Well wrap them up in Snickers bars. In fact, maybe it'll look like a little baby roof bar, you know, like a candy like floating into a punch ball, something like that. Here's North Miami, hello. Russianatobak, all my Jewish friends. Uh-huh. How you doing? Pretty good. Why are you working off? What do you mean by that? Because I do every year. I'm not going to be a red. Okay, well, I mean, if the program director would be a main switch, he's not, and he would have said take today off. I'd have said, sure, whatever you say. I mean, what ever turns you on? I mean, I have a lot of Jewish friends, right? I don't think I would have said the Him, whatever turns you on. Yes, sir? Well, you don't want to be that. But this guy is only Jewish when it's cool. When it's convenient, yeah. When there's some perks to be had. Yeah, but it's cool about it. He's honest. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's freaking Jeff Be Forest, man. That's beful. I hear you. You know, something, if you could see the pupa hanging out over his belt, I ran it over at the end. I ran it to the forest down the keys. Yeah. He's huge. Yes. He's almost as big as Hank was. And he did all. I told him all the way to Hank lost. He found it. Yeah. And then he'll found it. But the vanilla was when I wanted to a marvelous game, and I thought that redhead is freaking guy. What does he think? Real-de-viewed, booster? Oh, man. You know, we haven't, I haven't any years. No, over a year. He won't show his face as he's still bigger than the guy in the house. He looked like two radar ranges together. He looks like two apartment complex. Yeah. He also had duplex. He's unbelievable. Anyway, no, that was it. And back to it. And back to it. We even got this far to speak in here. He's going to the only. Oh, God. Could do that. Here's Stephen Ryer. I hate to pick on Stephen because he's probably not a bad guy. But he just happened to be on a front page in Haraldor this morning with his mouth on his head. And everybody in town is asking, oh, why is this man standing there with a beanie on his head? What's the big sentence? And why are you paying dues to go support subsidized this craft? This drug. Oh, we got to do it. It's tradition that's over five thousand years of tradition of doing something stupid. Why? What's the point? Got to wait tone for your sins. What sins? Let me say it again. Let God could have made this paradise. We don't have to have no cancer. We don't have to have no God in diseases. We don't have to have all these germs. And like the spider bites the Georgia. We don't have to have no spider. Of course, you couldn't have little mismuffle without a spider. I guess they would have shot the hell out of that without the it's a bit to spider. All these God people. All these brainwashed silly people. You're silly. You're just ridiculous. You're silly. You're embarrassing. Just like, you know, Superman. I mean, cartoon people, comic bookwright people, they can make up characters that are invulnerable. Could God do it? No. Could God get rid of the devil? No. Could God get rid of this crazy thing called hell? No. Hell. He made it. Why does he want to get rid of it? No, no. You know, now see your blame at all alluciferous crap on the Lord. Oh, God made hell. No, you're wrong about that. The Lord is uh, he was looking the other way. Oh, and the preacher out there and forward. Did you see what he said? He said, God. Oh, seriously, he said, I want to get the words right. He said, God was there. He God was in charge. He wasn't out to lunch. Those words, exact words. God was in charge. He wasn't out to lunch with those seven innocent people. God, one way by the crazy person, they were blessed. They're in heaven. Yeah. They're in a better place now. No. And that this is pathetic. They're in a better place. They're in the ground in a box. That's a hell about outlook on life. Okay. That tells me a lot about your value on human life. That being in a box in a ground is a better place than being here right now. Oh, man. That says it all. God was in charge. He wasn't out to lunch. Well, I mean, he could be out to lunch today because it's your own keeper. No, you don't think he's eating today. Huh? Because I've said you'll want to thank God if you're eating today. We all know what you're going to do. Go to go. Exactly. 21 before 11 and 5 60 WQA. Don't you go back to Canada. You too bash up. Well, come to the drive through window. May I take your order, please? Yeah, I'll take a double cheeseburger, no onions. What you like so French? Flies with that burger. Yeah, and large co. Regular diet, regular diet, regular diet, regular diet, please. Uh, regular. How much is that going to be? You, you, aren't you? Try to get rid of these. And what kind of a name is it? We all, uh, right, Dominius. It's 10 44 at 5 60 WQAM. Of course, now this event van thing and all kinds of articles about that is the data approaches in early October. Is October 11? I do believe that they're going to be a maybe doing their thing. See, the old Cubans, we hate to break the news deal, but there's a whole bunch of people going to take Dave County back. There ought to be a big project starting today, starting on your own keeper. It's called reclaiming Dave County. What do you give me a look like that for? What does that mean? Why? What do you mean? Why? Why? Why? Why not? You used to be pretty good. Might be a little bit. We all got out of there. No, that's that. Let's take it back. Just just to piss them off. This off the old Cubans. Let's do it. We're taking it back. In fact, I say, Los Van Van, they're going to be doing a concert every Friday night right down in the middle of Bison, 10 year old park. Right down there at the, at the Domino park. Dids on the freedom cell. Fats, Domino park, they're going to be doing a concert. Just to piss off the old Cubans who want to tell us how to do everything. Who can, who can sing, who can do this, who can do that. I'll tell you what you can do. That's right. Here's a lady mobile and coral spring, hello. Hi, me, El? Yes, man. How are you? Great. I just want to let you know I am a Jew and I am not working today and I just got left the director of McDonald's. All right. Great. And I'm going for a drug test. That's what I'm doing today. You're going for a drug test? Yeah, for a drug test. To everything it's not poor on me. It'd be eating it in a pot. You'd plug a drug test. That's true. I probably would. And I want to know if I could call somebody a Jewish bag. Go ahead. Dr. Mark, you're a bone crushing douche bag. Okay. And I love you, Neil. See you. Bye. What we don't have any lady game players so far today. That's a good start. I won't take too long like that bitch I called on Friday playing the crap in the background. I'll tell you one thing she did make a good point and that is instinct. They sound real good on the phone. Don't buy their videos. Certainly don't buy their CDs and don't watch their crap on MTV or any other place. But if you want to hear an insect listen to somebody else play it over the phone. Like if they're in the toilet and your phone is in the living room like if you're 100 yards away from the guy in the phone they sound great. Another game player. Why did they play so many games? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 and 2 wildest line. Have we heard from anybody who was ever through any of those hazing initiations in a fraternity or in a sports thing? No. And you want to know why we never do because they're too embarrassed. They're too embarrassed to admit about all the homoerada crap that was going on. It's a gate club you moron. All these fraternities were allegedly macho guys who really want to get laid with young women allegedly and maybe they do but nevertheless see that that dispels all your theories again. About you know it's either this or it's either that the fric or fracquette. Oh there's bice. Oh buy this. They're all over the place. But you talk about latent and blatant. I mean all of these fraternities and all of these in crap and this hockey book that I'm reading I'll bring it into Marwood. It's even got to story about the one kid that they had made and put the marshmallows in the rectum. Now see if they made them stick the marshmallows in their ass and then whichever one was able to pop it out first the other kid had to eat both marshmallows. What about that bucket game that was on the right there. That's in the book. They said they said hey listen if you can't do it just say bucket and they did. Here's book you're hello. Hey Neil are you doing okay sir. Well that was disgusting now I really want to fast. Um June not in the shoe won't come. Anybody for a wini roast here's a dude that's not in shawl. All right how come this phone isn't lit up with you is that aren't in shawl today. Not fasting none of that crap. Good. Uh first time caller you still listen to you when I lived here 12 years ago just moved back about a year ago. You moved back from where? Chicago. Oh why would you do that? Because if you ever lived there? No. Cold is hell. Outside of great steakhouses it's a rat it's a rat and fat that it's terrible. Really? Two cold. You know six months out of the year it's six feet of snow. Have a question and I have one request. I try to stay on the asking plan and you mentioned something about the Tyson beef strips one time. Yeah. Are they in the frozen food section? Yes they're in bags. You know where they have the bags with like the stir fry stuff the meat and the chicken all that. Yeah I can't find them. All right where do you shop at public? Yeah public. They're at public. Really? I don't have to try. Acts. Acts form. I will. I'll act form. I hope I'll how about today stuck in a temple with Jews. Okay that'd be fitting. You got it. Happy circus. Yeah. Zyg is on stuck in a temple with Jews sounds big to me. We hear from a lot of Jews today. No because they're all pretended to be real religious and devout the retoning for their sins. Yeah the retoning for taking that extra discount. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and baby hello. I knew all you doing today. Okay sir. Do you follow in my own rhythm today let's just say I uh here's the Jewel of the rhythm method today. I just I just loaded up on a bunch of bread and sausage gravy. I can prepare it. Now on the way to go and tell my sins in the river known as the baby sewer system. Bread and sausage gravy. But that's about as glad she's you can get that's great. Well there's reconstituted bread that you flush count as watching the way you're going to. We also should play Timmy Dean's bagels today to an honor of young kipper. Oh that's all I got. I'm just going to fart around all day not try to make too much out of it. Okay I've been good. Okay all right I'll see you done under. He's going to fart around five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty. See I want to feel by the time I get done here into a clock even though it is in Monday and a special Monday. I want to feel that it was worth my while. And George is laughing already because he knows that it's uh a lost cause. Five six seven oh five by the way here's a very strange letter to the editor in the uh herald this morning. It says no to HT TV. Ray high definition TV I have five TVs in my home I can see an ingrown here on a guy's patient or close up what happened to democracy I don't need HT TV. This is a joke that's not funny and I'm in sense. He's in sense as Roy Morris in plantation. Oh he's pissed off and fired up about a baby. He don't want the way HT TV. He can see it clear enough already. Thank you got a good point there Roy. Here's Holly Wood. Hello Neil I want to I want to collaborate something with you about fraternity. Yes. I uh I was in the fraternity I went through the pledge week. They painted my personal scold and so on. So I ended up painting your private. Always got to get a hold of your private parts. That's Holly's fraternity boys are all about they want to see a naked they want to grab it they want to squeeze it they want to get you to do something with it. It's type of gang rape me. Right. I brought him off and then on the following night they tried to make me kill a kid. Oh yeah. And that's when I walked off. I just left it off my clothes and everything else and my father was furious. He was a former alumni. I want to make another comment about this ridiculous holiday of the Jews. Oh yeah you know there's talk about tradition the concept of tradition is murderers. Look a look at the tradition of circumcision where they remove the male forcekin and the female clitoris and thank god. Well wait a minute who's the Jews don't remove the female clitoris. Those other blinds. Those are very interesting. I'm up till up till about the second century. Yeah Jewish women being very strong hard to told the Jewish men screw yourself you do what you want with yours I keep mine. So it stopped any but the error of the rage. You can continue that to it to the shit. And my wife Jewish and she had bacon and eggs this morning and a lie and went to work. Okay. Thanks honey for me. I don't talk. Have a nice day. And back to you there's a smart guy. One of the few 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. There's a guy there's one guy that had the balls to stand up and tell us the kind of juvenile embarrassing crap that goes on and he's hazing rituals and fraternities in sports and a military ridiculous just unbelievable. They're all sitting there. Oh yeah you value what are you and that's right at least I'm out of the closet. I'm not putting on an act for everybody like all you closet cases out there that are running around trying to gang rape your classmates. Because it's the module thing I just can't imagine any real heterosexual guy who's 100% purely one on the Richter scale. I can't imagine what him you wanting to see you know all these other guys start naked what's what's the point you're getting your underwear so I can thank you. No for you forget about getting you underwear that's just her starters. That's just a start. Not for play. Here's Margie. Hello. All right here because you came in today and care enough to give you a very best. Yeah you sound like from left the left yet today's game. Jimmy Johnson I think we're leaving himself from the post game show yesterday. Beautiful. It's not a classic. Score score. Yep. All right that's all I got to contribute. Okay thank you so much. Okay there you go that was one of Bill's Infrasal Time Great lines which that don't cover a lot of territory outside of that. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line here's a mobile and pro-gable. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes Neil. I absolutely agree. I have a theory on why Jewish women like chicken season so much. Yeah because there are 120% off of everything. That's true. That's it Neil. Little off the top. Okay pretty week 560. 50560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Not even I love it a clock in. It's really week. Let's order some lunch. Okay let's get some good crap in here today. Who's open today? All the goyam will be open. What do you want? I don't know. It all is uh sling him this morning. Hold on Jimmy. Because they're gonna live or six. You had four. I did buy five but somebody's a little neglect. 560. 50560. Pound 560. I'd like some good kishki you know but we can't get the good kishki anymore. Certainly the jujube places aren't open today. How about a good kosher deli delivering today? I'm your mkipper. 560. 50560. Pound 560 and too bad about the villa deli. Did we ever get the definitive word on that? On their clothes. They're done. Fini't though. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you? Okay sir. Um Sunday paper, some Sentinel John Henry was added again out in Phoenix quoted here as saying, um, let's see, Marglant's future is largely dependent on getting a stadium built and said tourist taxes could be used unless quote, especially in first on quote, and in the way of securing such support. Wonderful those special interests would be. Maybe maybe the tourist uh, maybe the hotels don't want to pay uh charge another tax to their customers. Well, they're crazy. I must be nuts. Uh huh. That's right John. Yes you are. It's a wanderer bunch of schools having taken you away from where. And the people at the hero let me talk about blatant. Why do they just put it on the front page under the mast head? We're here to show for John Henry. We were wearing his little uh, his left pocket. Well, I think they're the next articles probably going to be somewhere in the front. You know, maybe guy can sleep and come back with another editorial about Cincinnati and how that stadium has really brought back to city. Yeah. Okay, pal. All right. Thanks a lot. How about Cleveland? 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line a really weak Monday, LaShona, total whatever it hell that means. Okay. In other words, get off the guy that we're literally just crap and let's have lunch. Oh, you're not going to change us. We've been doing this for 5,000 years and we believe in it. No, you don't. You don't believe in any of it. You do it because your parents did it in their parents before them and you would because you've been brainwashed in the doing it. And anybody with a brain is sick and tired of all these stupid idiotic rituals and all this nonsensical crap with a capital K. 1056 at 560 WQA. And by the way, if you need to cleanse it, we can get them on his uh, page here on his uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, so sad. Always does that. Like, like if we need him, like if something happens here, if we have a major emergency, like if there's a fight, oh, Greg, there's a fight. Yeah, he can go out and the hollow and start hypervettilating in case there's an argument. Greg, it's a fight. Just take all the time off you want, though. Okay. Just just take all the time you want, getting that, getting that in cartridge down there, take two or three hours and stop it to Dennis again, too. It's a fight. It's a fight. What a silly place. It is. It's just a silly place. It's not a place of business. It's a silly place with a bunch of silly people. And of course, all of them are out of touch now because it's uh, too holiday. How many of them do you wish? No, but they're all out of touch anyway. They're out of touch. I bet you even uh, I bet you even he is here today. Probably down the other joint. He's right on the other. Oh, he is here. Raw. Is here? He's going to everybody's desk. He's probably probably spine failure joint now. I came here tonight. I got the feeling that's not very right. Put on a hammer, so don't take it off. If you see your rap, I say, my laptop. Come up to the lesson piece, pots this to the right. Here I am. The Kettish temple with you. Oh. When I'm stuck in the temple with you, and I'm wandering on it as I should do. I don't want to break it so where it is wrong. And I know that I don't like my football. No. Smucks to the left of the name pots this to the right. Here I am. The Kettish temple with you. Well, you're in your daddy's business, but you claim it's your own stuff in there. Then your uncle's stock comes over. Ask your father a big o' land. Okay, so grab the door of the baby. The head of the groin. He said, why don't you have that jubo take the day off? I said, okay, see you. Is nobody just said take the day off. Starting a two-hour thinking that five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. All of these things that people do because somebody told them to do them. If they would sit down and ask themselves, you know, just one very simple, very short question. You know what that question is? That's the question, right? God, a one-letter question. As in, am I doing these things? Does it make any sense? Does it make the least bit of sense? No. But don't confuse people with the fact. Oh, you such a trouble making you start not again on our most solemn day. Yeah, that's a good day to do it. Two by the way, the point out how ridiculous this is. So we got Maydays is bringing us lunch today from the Annorth Period report. You know, the airport out there by where those planes keep crashing. I'm sorry. Now we love our friends it made days and we love North Period reports. If you don't want planes going by, don't have a house by the airport. That's all. How does that make sense to you? If you don't want to be living where there's a lot of planes, don't live near the airport. Said your guy damn house. Okay. Go someplace else. God. 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. You fact, sorry to you. Okay. Thank you. You old you you. 567560 and Zygaz NT. There's another good old you for you. He's probably laying to fill in the day. Do you want to think you can lay at this stage of his life? Here's North 4 Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neo. I got a question for you. Yes, sir. How would you like to make 65,000 a year? I wouldn't. Okay. Good. Not for me. Of course, how about a Schlepper like you? You'd probably be in a right big step up for you. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You haven't only haven't looked around your pal. Just open up the window and take a look out there. Here's Hialia. Hello. Hello. Yes. I was born and raised in Rochester, Neo. Now, one time was in my school. That you were. Boy was being hazed for paternity for paternity. And they took him to a Congresswoman Avenue cemetery. Yeah. And in the course of it, they had a client a tombstone. Climate tombstone? Yes. The tombstone. I mean he died on the surgery. So many of these figures are coming. At least they didn't have to move him too far to offer the funeral, anyway. Okay. Thank you. Okay. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We're getting any kind of a meaningful calls here today. No. Bad, bad, bad, bad. Come on. Let's make a sign of it. No, we'll fat bag it. Come on. Let's do it. Sing along. Just tears my kishki's. I'd mean just reaches in there. Didn't it tear my guts out? No. No. Tragical Jew. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, deal. Yes, sir. Hey, don't. Keep my Jew here. All right. Just don't you know, my way to lunch. We have some back beans with pork strips. Beauty. And then later on, I'll be sitting on the throne of twenty for my son. Uh-huh. I want to ask you how come our Orthodox Jew brothers, they're such a difficult tradition. How come they're sacrificing animals to a ton of others. There's no. Oh, they are. Oh, yeah. Okay. All right. Love you now. Have a great day, pal. In fact, I understand that they're running up some Caribbean people. Oh, I'm sorry. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I had really horrendous cab driver yesterday going to take me to the airport in Toronto. He was a Caribbean guy. Either I haven't thanked you making. I was assumed to make him but I guess he could be a patient or something. Baby, behing in. Could be from one of those barbaric islands down in the Dating. Oh, he couldn't drive his finger up his rectum. Now. All right. I'll ask my thinking of myself. Got a few bad drivers. Probably not the best occupation to be as a cab driver. You know, didn't phase him. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Uncle, deal. Yes, sir. Hey, I don't know if you've ever brought this up, but did you get to read Hannibal? I get to read what? Hannibal, the sequel this I don't know. Oh, no. Why would I be that? Oh, I didn't know if you had any interest in that whatsoever. None. Okay. Can we get an armisting in the arms? Well, that's why I thought maybe you'd be interested. No, I don't mean. I know you've priority coverage, but Rick Sanchez is okay. 567560 pound 182 wireless line. It is so hard. And now here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean forks hostage with a few words about new Timmy Dean Bagel sandwiches. Hello, I'm Timmy Dean. You know, as someone had told me, 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels. I'd have said, huh? That's due food, isn't it? But times have changed. And I guess I've got to change with them. But I don't have to like it. You people want your bagels. I'll give you your bagels. With a big old grease, it's why I've a Timmy Dean poachs hostage. New Timmy Dean, non-coacher bagel sandwiches. Oh, you're too. You can buy them. You just can't eat it. New Timmy Dean Bagel sandwiches. There's a little bit of big it and everybody. 1113 at 567WQM. All you kids out there, your parents try to drag it to show for these ridiculous silly old holidays. Tell them, cops are hoist, okay? Come and get lost and what time is lunch? And that's right. Don't the spicy crappies bad for you. Very bad for you. Isn't it? No. But it sounds good to be able to excuse the eating. 567560, Pond 560. So anyway, Greg Reem was in here. I said, where's my back sweet boy stick at Denise? Yeah. And the kind of wandered out for Doris scratching that same spot. And his head. Here's Pepper Pine. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I got something funny for you. Yeah. The guy bringing you up. Should I Danny? We were talking about the fantasy other night. Yeah. And he starts telling me that Chris Wells, Peter Warrow, and Kavashar are going to be like the leading scores for the team. Chris Wells. Yeah. Who had no goals and to assist last year? You believe that crappies. Oh, Jim, come with that. This this guy needs a lobotomy. Who's that? The guy that's bringing me lunch today? Yeah, Danny. Oh, my god, Danny, you need the serious health. You need some assistance, Danny. Even works for the Panthers and he doesn't get it. Oh, that probably probably why. Yeah, that's probably the reason. He's a project. And they call someone a douchebag. Yeah, sir. Right. Sure. Sure. A douchebag. Okay, see him. How come I haven't got any spire reports on a Panther exhibition game, huh? Because we're hockey intensive, right? Oh, no. I'll tell you what kind of a town this is. Here's a headline in the Sun Sentinel. This is about the Marlin 10 game road trip on which they won one and lost nine. And one and nine, Marlins are encouraged. Now, if they're losing almost every day, but at least it's close. Give me a break. God. You think that anybody with a brain is blindness to propaganda? You think like I said, anybody is blind as propaganda? I must be crazy. I must be not exactly. It was too much effort. Why even waste your time on your capary? You know, that's the most of the work. At least if you're going to work, don't work too hard on your capary. That's what they told me. Because then you're really burning hell for a long time, like on high cook. Yeah, if you don't, you know, they don't do too bad. Then it's only like on slow cook. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on it. I mean, we could talk about the hurricanes, baseball teams. Back when I was broadcasting the game and two players who actually played in the major leagues, tying a kick in a cat and kneeling it to the front door of some of somebody's apartment. And the girl that they terrorized, who tried to commit suicide, and I think eventually did. I could talk about that on a year, but you guys don't want to hear that. Because that's nasty stuff. And of course, it must be a rarity. Because real, male, real men don't do things like that. Real athletes. So when you wonder the next time you read about some poor young thing getting raped by a bunch of jokes or gang raped or whatever the hell it is, you know, it should be real surprise. Because that's part of the whole guy that's American North American sports team. That's just American. Those young hockey players up there, there either get and down or doing it, so we're both at the same time. 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. And now I got to quit the fully. 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Like I said, those are always some of my favorites. Where they got the material all cute up and they spend all godly nose. How much time diddling around and diddling around, getting on the phone, making the call, getting on hold, saying they're waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting. And here comes their magical moment. And about a half a second later. Those are always my favorite. Keep some off the streets anyway. 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's hear it for Michigan State. Come on. Let's play the MSU fight song. If we had a beaten Notre Dame beaten the god damn cat looks and see it's not really a catalyclane Boston college as a Catholic school. I like Boston college. You know, even though they don't have the greatest team in history, everybody remembers that BC win over a higher house. That's what he's doing by the way. I came there last night, Doug. Yeah, everybody remembers the great the Hilmery by Doug Fuddy for BC against the Hurcon many years ago. Oh yeah, loved it. So it's not really just a catalyclane. There's a lot of other Catholic schools too. But Notre Dame, there's just something special about them. Something evil about them. And their entire mentality. There's the evil people. Even their uniforms are that dark black and gold. You know, it's like the sign of the devil. Yeah. In fact, Lou Holtz when he left there, he said that somebody stuck a pitchwork in his room. That was the end of that. And I said, you know that you've been head when they send you off to South Carolina. 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Coral Gables. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Let me tell you something. You know, George. Tell me something, sir. Our great governor, George. I mean, Bush. Yeah, Bush is our governor. I mean, I mean, Chad Bush. Sorry. Yeah, wrong Bush. I'm sorry. Last week, you know, right before Hurricane Floyd was supposedly supposed to hit South Florida. Yes. He was live all over the all the new stations. Even our cables, CNN, everything. One minute into his speech, he got cut off. Yeah. Your was so funny. Are you speaking to my mom at the same center? It says, well, Floyd must be a Democrat. Yeah, because he got cut off a wet the snow. Or even clips. Well, yeah, Cliff Floyd, as the shorts, he's probably Democrat. 560 705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T. Robbers line. I'll tell you one thing like I said, make it feel worthwhile. I coming in on you. I'm kippered today, which I very easily could have taken off because they don't want know, well, you know, religious discrimination soon because even if you're an atheist, there's a lot to atheist use and young kippers. A lot to serious through messing around with me on, you know what I'm saying? So I could eat. And of course, around here, you can take any day off. They don't keep a crap. Long of the spots. Good on. But here I am showing up to a dislike I did on the day in the hurricane that last Tuesday when everybody in their brother took off, nobody was open. Nobody was working. Some of I showed up here. What kind of thanks did we get? What kind of appreciates did we get a God damn metal? Did we get something extra for it? Did, uh, no. By the way, do you find out if you're bonuses in your paycheck? We won't know for sure until actually get the piece of paper, but everyone in the authority said that yes, it would be there. No, I don't mean would be. I'm not talking about would be and should be and might be it could be, you know, with the order and, uh, and hopes that somebody cares. Oh, don't ever give an order like that again. Here's Miramar, hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Uh, first of all, before I start off on the thank George for the education of how to be beer. Uh huh. And I just got trained to stop last night. And I wanted to say something that you, you were talking a lot of a couple of days ago and I weren't able to call in, uh, you know, I remember. I, I wasn't able. Uh, do you know, Jay trial? Yeah. Everybody was pissed off and fired up and a rollover had months and months of material. Oh, and yeah. Yeah. He did give us a lot of material. I'll say that. I hope you're full of sense. We're going on. And this guy came in, uh, this, uh, Vincent Boeocie, wrote a book. Right. About outreach. Right. I want to know how come nobody's outranged about, little girl. That was about who? The little girl, John Beney. I'm going to be in his notebook speaking written about this. Oh, there's a whole bunch of books being written about it. But how do I write a book when nobody knows anything? Well, we know she's dead. And as a matter of fact, you mentioned O.J. and that story, Lauren Schiller, that wrote one of the big stupid books about O.J. He wrote a big stupid book about this too. And, uh, you know, really? Yeah. You know the detail? Do I know the title of it? Yes. Oh, I don't know. But his name is Lauren Schiller. It's a hard, hard back. So, I mean, how many books by Lauren Schiller are there about John, but it's brand new? Okay. It's out there. Thank you. But you don't want to waste your money on it. Why? I want to know, I want you because she the reaction from the O.J. trial. It seemed like this place was about to go into another civil war. Yeah. I know. I'm hearing nothing about it. It was because O.J. was a big celebrity. And, uh, in fact, we heard nothing about this child. And I said, we see every three days they'd rag it out again. Now that the hurricane has gone, what do you mean here? Nothing about it. There's little kids anonymous kids that get murdered every day. And you never hear anything about it. John, but a ranzi, you would have thought that she was God damn, uh, Queen of the universe. That's true. You would have thought she was Princess Dye Dianu. Have a great day, pal. Don't buy the book. Please, people are starving. You're wasting money on crap like that. God. And, and, and, and, and, and, and of course, if you buy the tabloids, you'd have been fired out that it's the beyond the shadow of a duck. The, uh, and what do we have just the other day? One of the detectives on Good Morning America. We just had the story on Friday that beyond the shadow of a duck, she was sexually molested repeatedly over and over and over again. It's part of all the niles about it. Oh, no, there was no evidence. Oh, yes, there was. And, like I said, I must have been if it was an intruder, the same intruder must have been. Or maybe she was just unlucky. Maybe a whole bunch of different intruders broken and because she was such a cute little thing. They kept molesting her every time they'd go in there. They'd rap her. Or maybe just some college fraternity kept breaking in there. Or some, you know, junior hockey team was breaking into the girl. No, they do that too. No, they make some feel more virulent way before they rap each other. Or before the coach does it. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the year, you're laughing, but it's true. Here's Miami. Hello. That one. Yes, sir. Sky. Let's go to a plantation. Hello. Plantation. Yes, sir. Can't hear you, though. You're phone ain't working. Must be taking the off. You're welcome. To sing, I'm nice. You boy was one, Israel. Yes. And I'm observing half of the holiday today. Why is that? I think the loop is better than none. No, I'm eating the whole day, kosher. That's great. Listen, I want to tell you some stories for years ago, and I can't from Israel. Yes. I was working in the York and I had some acidic guy at the 20th year, but they're on Lexington. And the whole day, you know, the whole week, I was just stories like the one and to go to school when it keeps kosher. Why didn't you marry to a Jew, you know, when you light up Friday, can't learn on and on and on and on. Anyway, I want to put fill in and everything. Why don't you lay it? Yeah. Yeah. So come to him, keep always say, I better hear that you went to school. Anyway, they have to wait a comeback to work. And he says, you know, everything is yours. We work today as usual, all this over. Anyway, Thomas, I'm going to morning. The first guy is smart to come in. Says, I'll be. Listen, I got a stone credit card. Would you give me a credit? I give you only 20 cents on it. And only 20 cents on a dollar. And that a whole time you heard about you's observing, you know, when it comes to real life. Yeah, but it's ain't nothing like a discount. Yeah. But I'm saying just in the whole time, why don't you do you real good you? You know, after the holiday, I'm keep working. Yeah. Okay. Well, listen, have some kifty for me, I mean, okay. So long. 5 6 70 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. All your kids out there just say, okay, to stupid religious crap, any religion, I don't care which one it is. They're all a bunch of lies. They're all a bunch of hoaxies, pokus, just say, I ain't going, okay. You'll have to drag me kick it in screaming and then I'll file a guy to end this cremation suit against a bed. Ma. Just say no, come, leave me out. When and out, leave me out. You go and do all that barbaric stuff. I'll stay home and get laid or something. 26 past 11 at 5 60 WQA. You better. You. Hi, I'm Hal Prasler from Geraotic Farms. The other day when I was on on a day hike with my men's group and something really strange happened. You see, one of the guys hit me over the head and the next thing I knew, I was tied face down to the ground button naked and while this experience didn't give me a great idea for a new drink, it was sexually very satisfied. Geographic farms, a man, an idea, a plastic bottle. Oh, too big. Maybe a smaller plastic bottle, georotic farms. It's 11 30 at 5 60 WQA. What have we got coming up today? But when we got your managed, at two because Hank has been a professional Jew at the 6 to 8 45. We got kind of a bull cap and then we got money that football, the Falcoons at the Cowboys. Plenty of open lines for we almost no waiting 5 60 70 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Any are you doing? Okay, sir. The other thing about that crazy guy who ran into a fight with his ex-wife and blew overhead off and then his? Yes. I mean his name was in Recap by the way. You know, I don't understand what the power would be. We can't go to church. We can't go to church safe. We can't keep going safe and schooling anymore. And it's like if you want to follow problems, just get a gun and blow everybody's head off. Well, you know, I saw the interview instead of the neighbors on the news this morning, I guess it was. And they were all saying, well, you know, if they wouldn't have had a weapon in that house, uh, nobody would be dead today. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. You know, and it's a losing battle man. This is part of the American psyche here. It's your fighting a losing battle. The second that people are there and you are on the Saturday game on the hurricane game that you ever see that, uh, like about five seconds they put Joe Sedaki on the television. Yeah. And did you see the one he was dressed? No. It was like a normal day lord. Yeah. All right. Okay. Thank you. Whatever you said. Anybody but nobody said. No. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. Let's play some some young kipper music today because I can see it's going to be a long two and a half hours still to a clock. Here's a mobile in Western. Hello. Hi. Hey. Do you hear me? Okay, sir. All the two I was going to the bank and I had a couple of four days. Great. And I, I, I, I was driving to the bank. I could see, I heard a new rock that was on and then I was like at a baptant 30 and I chuckled the area on and that you're asked to press the call and it's, you know, very interesting. What do you say that, uh, you know, people are forced into the kitchen tonight. It's full of just, you know, I've been saying there you go. Do not harm sounds good to me. Okay. Get a new phone pal and the Zagazon. Sponons is terrible. Okay. One call up in a board. That's going to be it. I guess five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. And the town where they just refuse to send their very best or even their worst. They just can't do what they can't get it up. Twenty three and a half years of this agony of pleading and squeezing and begging and controlling even just the thing about hazing and college fraternities in a real town where we had some people with just a little tiny pair of ball bearings that would get seven thousand people off their ass right on the phone telling a story that would raise the hair on the back of your neck or maybe on your back though. That's right. But these people are too push-up. They won't tell you the truth because then we'll think bad about them. Then we'll think that they're less than real men. And of course we know that all of these guys out there especially on this sports bags station are real men because real men take showers together. Just ask Brad Davis or he ain't feeling too well. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Hey Neil. Happy chippers or happy kip. Happy kip. I can go right. I guess on this or whatever that. I just have one question. And I want to go in the in the 60s and 70s. You know, we never got this day off. Yeah. Okay. The kids are off school and you can't go to a level where everyone's in their school found it. You don't forget that. What's that? I said to do holiday. And of course they call out a teacher's work day. You know, they don't dare say oh what to do with holiday. So they make it. I'm sure in both Dayton Browden and he plays elsewhere. There's more than 10 Jews living like Palm Beach. Oh, it's a teacher's work day today. I have people that I need to work working in my office here. They can't work because their kids are off school. Yeah. It's pretty like that. I am taking ML Cali ML K birthday or whatever it is. I'm taking it day Martin Luther Coney. We're taking that day off. I think it's January 17th. I'm like that. And it sounds like you probably should have taken the day off today. I should have for this for this kind of response. I could have stayed home and phone the guy damn show in. But nonetheless, we love you. We're glad you're on. Okay. They care. Don't eat too much kishki. What is this letter? The outhouse news and world report. What is this? What is this? Oh my god. John Henry says has a screw loose. Okay, Tommy. Whatever you say. Oh, speak in a medication by the way. I read a great piece of one of those alternative health magazines and it wasn't by somebody from the assigned college's George about all the kids taking all of these drugs and that's why all these horrendous things are going on. And this violent behavior by the young people in this country and the fact that those kids out there in little tin were both on those drugs. And that's why the one kid got the refused by the Marines. All these things. All these people on Prozac. I'm going to tell you if you want, if you want to learn why it's bad to be on those prescription drugs, just come in here on some regular workday. We'll sit you down in a room with Peter Leonard for about five minutes. That's all you'll need to know. And you'll never let your kids anywhere near those kind of drugs. And you certainly, if you've got to have a brain, we'll never be taken any. The only prozac you ought to be exposed to is the music. Not the goddamn drug. Here's Holmes, Dad. Hello. You know. Yes, sir. I'll be only thinking I'd like to atone for today's not calling you enough. Yeah, that's this whole audience here to tell him for that. You know, this may appeal to periant interest. Sure, George, yours will pop up. But, you know, my wife and I do swing. And one of the things that we decided to try this year, we always look you for something new and different. We went to a shelter. We do live on the beach. And we just decided, hey, you know, because my wife is better placed this wing than a hurricane shelter. Well, she also likes sex in public places. We decided to look for it. We got to get off the beach anyway. We got to get off anyway. Yeah. So, let's go over hurricane shelter. Exactly. We went to North Miami North Miami. Of course they always sit those shelters. They got those big blankets for you. But a hunkered down under. So, you know, got to let you know what's going on there. Hey, let me tell you, we were hungry now. We let the blanket slip up a little bit under and she did her usual cat calls and, uh, rectum. Uh, of course it was late late in the night. Even the night as they say. Yeah, I better wait. We thought George might want to consider something like that. I mean, for section public places, you know, what are they going to do? Tell us we can't screw. That's true. Okay. Listen, we'll see it. Camilla sounds. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a AT&T wireless line. See, would George, I mean, a whole thing. You're just so obvious. And like I said, I have no problem. I'm all for the swing clubs. I'm all for any kind of adult establishment. I'm all for them. Nobody drags anybody in off the street with a skyhook. But in George's case, it's so blatant and so obvious that what he's trying to do is be intellectually dishonest with himself. If you want to cheat on your wife, go out and do it. Just don't talk about it. Just go out and do it. Which, of course, we know we already use anyway. But that's beside the point. But don't, you know, don't try to like do it a half past. You either do it or don't do it. Don't try to like lure all these other people in it's say, oh honey, here. Have another 20 or 30 beers. And let me see if I can't Kanye would have really been here. Well, whatever to have your, uh, liquoring or up with. I'm not kidding you with. Whatever. Well, I'd say I see that's why I like bubble. Okay. He cheated on the ice princess. And he's not going to swing clubs. He's doing it like, you know, like a real man. Not like some sort of little spikkat's pretending to be a swinger. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I got a follow that. Yes. Well, anyway, I just wanted to thank you for that. Maybe you wanted that guy to sell Asian Army Sunday. Oh, I'm just saying, yeah, we're sticking out of salvation. We were, um, doing a lot of your work in really cool over here in NASA and, uh, free court and March Harbor with a surprise that coming through. I'll say it. Thanks. You know. Okay, great. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Whatever you said. Whatever you said, sir. How do you see there's certain things no matter how many times it bring them up like those things. And I'm really, I'll bring in the book to market. I forget the name of it. I mentioned them Friday. And thanks again, my lawyer friend down there in the keys for sending me that book, which killed a lot of good time on a plane going up and coming back. Great book. Macho Sport like hockey and of course it's the same in all of their sports and in fraternities and in the military. Anywhere that there's hazing, hazing exists for only one reason. That's a day. Club you more on that is absolutely correct. Regular ordinary one of the milled pedestrian head of a sexual's don't have any need or desire to see their friends, their male friends, naked in their underwear to see their testicles, to deal with them, to play with them, to what said were so on, to put marshmallows in there, and fill in the rest of the blanks. How about a little shoe polish? I've been even like that. I heard Jordan Nibes in that. 22 before noon at 5.60 WQAM. That's what I hear for a Sam ran out of there like, look, I'm bad. Stay hover out the moon, man. You have sex and do not care for a disease, down there, boom, it makes you want to cry. So no fun who it came, it's itchin' drive. You insane. Ooh, it makes you want to die. Ooh, it should have been the condom. Now you get this problem. Yannabriga, let's be an addiction. Go insane, you're out of your sight. Oh, we're fine. What a disease. Oh, my, we are. Do many more of a nice day. 445, 50 WQAM by the way, I understand that the Phil last been through, was a professional due today. Oh, how come we don't have that thing anymore? Do we have it? Yes. But I'm just stormed for time. In case you have another thing. That's me. Anyway, so he was a professional due this morning. Took the morning off. Guess it was doing the morning sports on IOD this morning. Since Lamada guess is doing the afternoon's. Are good close personal friend, people's here. He's an asshole. Using some phony name doing the sports this morning on IOD. Oh, how's that? What they have done? What they have done to that place. Nice going, Rhana. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where are the sline? Here's a mobile and camera. Hello. Hello, me. Yes. Happy holiday. I want to know your comments. There was not a good news. New year post about Matthew Tanon. Yes. And he said that college should recruit mostly nine Jewish whites and at Jewish groups with two or two influential in the US foreign policy. What he says that? Do you agree with the secret? Why? What is there to he's a really, not see. What are you worried about? Pat, you can't. And four. I was just reading. I found that a very funny thing. He did tremendous service for the Democrats next year. He's going to run on a reform party and save a lot of way of votes away from Bush. Nice going, Pat. Let me ask, what do you think that you actually asked the dollar? Oh, you're fighting for this thing. Why would I watch that? It was a dump. Why would I watch it? It was a good fight, but it was a dump. No, it was not a good fight. Anybody that even likes boxing, the wood and say it was a good fight. They said it was boring. It was like watching Russian. Have a great day. Oh my god. Did I? He's asking me did I watch the fight. Do you see what I'm saying? No matter how much I tell you, how I despise boxing and how barbaric and idiotic every day. There are people who assume that just because it's there, I'm going to watch it. What I want you to do? If they paid me by the second one, I want you to know. What is wrong with you, man? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, why the slime? Had their first exhibition game of the year. One of only two against the Bruins on Sunday night, which I noticed they lost. First Friday, whatever it was, did we get one call about that? No. All we do is get a call from our buddy Danny's boyfriend there, Thomas, about Chris Wells is going to do this. Did we get any report from anybody that was there? No. Nothing. But this guy wants to know, did I watch the fight? You're calling the wrong show, sir. You're calling and by the way, it's interesting, since I'm not the sports maven. I'm driving the work this morning and in between CDs, I heard a little dog go down about how amazing it was that they're using instant replay for spotting the ball. Didn't I talk about that last week? I didn't even remember that. In the Patriots' JetSkint, about the controversial fourth down play, Tommy Tupamix had died for it, did he make it the official say no? And now he goes there, there's a referee goes, they call it official time up. It sticks his head and that thing on a screen to see about spotting the ball. I ran and raved about that. Hank came in here and I talked to him about that. And the little dog just discovered that yesterday. And you want to know the reason, because I got a satellite dish. I see all of these different games. I see more football games in one weekend, if I'm home, then somebody's guys see in a whole season. And they're on their bapapapapai, you know, talking up a storm and getting 50 million phone calls from people who think they know something. Here's a lady in Bokai, hello. Hi there, Neil. Yes, man. Hi there. Just want me to introduce myself because I want to tell you this is my first call. I started listening to you when I was 24 and that was 23 years ago in the past. Oh, wow. I know. It's a long time. I adore you, obviously. Serious business. My daughter now, who was the youngest caller, actually. She was four years old when she called, she was in the college of nursing up at the University of Florida now. She called over the weekend, there was a young man who was beaten to death by Tennessee fans. Beat him to death. Beat him to death. He was in surgery for seven hours for his brain and he died. He was just a nice young kid. I knew, oh, him didn't know him personally. Doesn't matter. This is what the fans did up there. These crazy, crazy lunatic fans. Barbarians. I don't, and it hasn't been in the paper here. Are you beating to death because he was the Tennessee fan? No, be cut note. Tennessee and seven, ten of you. I mean, because he was a, he was a leader. A leader fan, well, whatever. A leader who cares what they are. Right. The bottom line is they're disgusting human beings. If human is the word. Tennessee, well, that's subhuman. Obviously, and he said these crackers. I don't want to say that. She's a nice, well, Jewish girl saying that. So I told her don't say anything. You know, but nothing in the New York Times, nothing even in the Bovertone. Nothing anywhere. And I wanted to let people know people listen to you, obviously. And it has, death shouldn't go insane. Well, how can they suppress this story like that? I don't know. I don't know. I called up the times and you can't even get through to them. And I'm sure. I want to about our local papers. We're talking about the times. What about the hair loss on Sentinel? Absolutely nothing. And this is just uncontanable. You know, there's a line there between, you know, having a riotous good time and, and taking yourself over that line and killing someone because he said on the Gator fam, yeah. Going home, right off campus, it's crazy. This is a, you're right. This is a crazy city. The world is, the world is six. I know. I know. I'm just besides myself as a parent. I was, you know, obviously incredibly upset and just as a human being that what the hell? And my kids have to live with these animals. Yeah, and we got a whole bunch of people with beanies on, uh, mumbling words today that they don't understand. I know. I know. Well, I'm a beanie. You know, what's the plan? What, what could this it do? It doesn't do a damn bit of good. And speaking of beanies in the times, they had a very funny picture. The Pope was giving some kind of wonderful speech about, you know, increasing the population. And his beanie flew off and I have this picture of it, you know, it was, it was, it was, oh, I know, it was humorous, but. So that's the flip-mile. Okay. Well, thanks for the depressing news. I, I love you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Fine. Okay. How come we can't get anything about that stir? Well, it was only one, you know. I mean, even the story of four words, there were seven people got shot. That didn't get too much. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and boating beach, hello. Hey, Neil, I feel like case vacation just getting a death request. They're not on that wall. Anyway, what? I just, I feel like case. Excuse me. Would that death request? Anyway, it just got, hey, I'm out of here. There's something funny about what you just said that I missed something funny about that. That's nothing funny about it. Oh. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You're a jerk, sir. You're a jackass. You're an idiot. But I guess you already knew that. And so did everybody else who knows you. Here's a mobile and Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Love the show. That a lot of colors really isn't in it. Yes, a jackass. I'll send that to the more wrong. And one last question. Are you seeing the more weeks? Throw a vehicles. He's an asshole. No. You haven't seen it? No, I'm jagged from that last call. What's it about? Ah, sir, I've echoed a little bit of a six-cent. I recommend you go see it. You're going to love the movie. It's a great, great one. Oh, it's got his pseudo-intellectual, like heavy-wagon knows. That's what Kevin Bacon thing? Yeah, but it's a really good movie. Yes. That's a movie ever, I think. It's the one where Kevin Bacon's running around. They couldn't hold movies then. Ah, no, he's a dick-introd, then I'll move you pretty much. Oh, the dick-in-hold and the dick-in-hold. Oh, he knows. Yeah. I'm guiding light on, but do you guys agree with that? Yeah, he was all right. He was working at further support, but this is not. But look, he was all right. Okay, I'll see you right now. Ah, yeah. Oh, God. I'm gagging on it. Wow. Did it's in the ear and here, probably. I think what it is, got his punishing me for working on your mkipper. Oh, I'm probably wondering, is he's pretty pissed off? Yeah, I'm emotional. He gets such a, he's a basket case. This goddamn guy. You know, every time something doesn't go grand in the worst part of it, he already because he's on this, and he knows he's going to screw up every time. And he still keeps doing all these things. And then he blames somebody else for it. Ah, Jesus Christ Almighty. 560, 750, 50. Didn't we have a doctor mark call earlier when the show, if somebody trying to mention his name? No, I didn't hear it. I didn't hear it. He had a doctor mark. No, we haven't that boy. You are really sensitive. I haven't even said hello yet. Hello. Hello. Hello. It was, especially, you know, a doctor mark. A pleasant coincidence that we've been out of touch for a while. I was listening to, uh, on and off in the car. Yeah, well, I'm not doing too much doctoring at the moment. I know that. I'm happy for you. No, it's better to be without doctors for a while. Right. You know that. Especially this obesity problem that I've got. Man, it's, uh, that is one of the most complicated things. My way to come back up again, too, for a while. Yeah. How do you like that? I don't like it. It's just a normal one health problem in America. It's an illness. It's not. It's, uh, obesity is the number one criminal in this country. And you guys have let us down. But anyway, I don't know. I mean, you specifically. I know that. I don't know. I don't know. I've got a profession in as a healthcare industry. We've let a lot of people down on a lot of things. That's, especially. So, by the way, Oprah weighs two twenty. I thought I mentioned that again. So, her fat ass in a tabloids again this weekend. So, like I said, it was a coincidence. I was going to call you in, uh, you know, because I never got this list. That are results or anything. And I assume we're still friends and coworkers. Yes. But, um, then one of my patients, my home, oh, assisting my down from 15.4 to 10. How do you like that? That's a full, full, a cast. So, the answer is, it takes it so simple. And it's even in what way? I think that I can't tell you how much formula. No, you can't be at the home. And it's, I almost formula. Oh, okay. All right. I'm going to pick you up and put these beers a lot. Yeah. I'm not going to bring these beers for you. So, one of my patients told me that he heard my name mentioned on the way down. And I said to coincidence, I was going to call him. What was it about? He goes, a woman. He says, he knew called up and said, he wanted to do it. Okay, if I call Dr. Mark and do it, she's back. And I said, well, you know, we'll be the first time I've been called that. That's for sure. You know, full, well, I get very mixed reviews. So, I'm, I, what does that mean? Extra news? What does that mean? What that means is, I want a personal level down. Well, no, not just that. But, uh, then a professional level. Especially speaking, if everybody loves you and agrees with you and is happy with you. That's fair. You're either lying to your feeling and you're not really boring. Exactly. Anyway, I'm looking forward to seeing you one of these days either at your place or mind, so to speak. And, uh, you know, I missed you during the summer because I was taking classes during this low season and so forth. But, uh, everything's back online except we don't have a radio when you office anymore. Really? Yeah. Why did they repel it? No, no, no, just, uh, we decided to type up the ship a little bit. Yeah. That's about it. No, we didn't repel it. Oh, you just said joke. It's a joke. Yeah, I'm telling you what, the way you money is so sensitive. I know things are tough on the beach. You don't have to tell me. Exactly right. Exactly. And the way the industry goes, I mean, I wouldn't be surprised if doctors would be in repud right and left. I wouldn't be surprised at all. They're actually just at mum to themselves. Right. I'll see you soon. With warmest regards. Okay. Okay. There's my good buddy, Dr. Mark. The repot is radio. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Wireless, come on. Let's go. Let's get some going on here today. The Jews won't call. Let's get the going going. Okay. Screw the Jews. They won't call me today. We had like four or five or six or seven. That's about it. They're not going to waste their time on me today. They're in shawl. It is in which the orthodox they can't call anyway because they're going to help they use the phone. On Saturday, on Shabbist they can't do it Friday night, on your own kipper, on Russia, Shana, on ass Wednesday, they can't do this. They can't do this. And obviously if you see any of them, they can't shave either. It's 11.56 at five or five or five or five or five of the shower in July. Four minutes till noon at five, 62 am. I have the Holy Father's Day. Do you have reason to believe you may be using drugs, huh? You know, I have been acting erratically lately. Just last week I went bowling with Jesus and Jim Morrison. Those may be some of the telltale signs that you may be using drugs. How do I know for sure? Some of the other telltale signs may include you have drugs in your house. Yep. That's me. You know where to get drugs. Me again. You know all the drug linkedin. Oh yeah. You talk about woodstock as a first toolman. Dude, Jim is gonna play the National Anthem again. And you can eat 32 cheeseburgers in one sitting. They're very, very cool, correct? If you've answered against any of all of those questions, you may have a drug problem. If that's the case, you need to try boosting too. With the home drug test, the fastest and most reliable way to find out it's even using crap. Each teaching, the home drug test available at most major pharmacy. Some cops, the teacher, he says. Fire out, man. I'm gonna hit the time. Come note, Maltzon. 12 noted, 560 WQM got, Jim Madov manager. Oh, right. For a Jewish Hanth over, good too. So here's the story. Thanks for facting me this very depressing story like the lady called a couple of calls back. Two men, one a university of Florida student, died Sunday morning from injuries received in separate instruments. Ryan II, TEW II, a 20 year old sophomore, died around 7 am yesterday. From injury sustained during a fight early Saturday morning. Two who lived in campus apartment clubs, etc., etc., was approached by eight live oakmen looking for a party. Said sergeant James Toriano spokesman for a Lansing County Sheriff's Office. He said Joshua Wells, 21 of Lyville, allegedly started an argument with two outside of two second floor apartment around 23 am Saturday. When the argument turned physical both men fell down a staircase and was allegedly kicked to when they had knocking among conscious. They came down the stairs together fighting to them and said, well, maliciously kicked them. Two was taken a chance at UF with multiple sculp fractures where he died. He was going to make a difference in the world said, Ed Morris, two is roommate and pie cap out for fraternity brother. His life was cut way too short. Wells who left games filled with his friends and two cars was arrested in Columbia County after being stopped by the FHP. The other car was found out of gas and salani county. Wells was booked into the Columbia County jail on an aggravated battery charge. A secondary murder charge was at an after two died. Doesn't say anything about Tennessee or anything about football, but that's what the story says that I got here so far. Thanks to our friends from Maydays at the Annorthpair Air Port for a great lunch today. As usual. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Gainesville. Hello. Hey, you know. Yes, sir. I wasn't a call in or anything and then I heard the woman call when I talk about the dead students. I live on the campus here and my window from my desk faces outside of what's called University Avenue. We can remain party place to date. And from about Friday night through the game, the game was at 8 o'clock at night. There was nothing drinking, browsing in the tent. Just kind of see the end feeling as fortified and traffic and lots of problems. And people basically drank all day and the game was at 8 o'clock and they came in about 765 to the game from being out there from between 10 and 11 to 8 or 9 hours. And it's a terrible situation that something like this has to happen. But one of the ones who died too was a friend of a friend. But it's not a situation here when something like that happens. Nothing like that. I'm not going to get a bunch of crazy drunken redness together. All that's right, Tennessee and Florida together. It was terrible. And the thing was, once the people were out there, we needed students. I mean, there was a fair amount of students, but there's 50,000 students here. They're only 21,000 tickets for the students. A lot of them were people coming up from Tennessee. A lot of them were people coming in from the students surrounding areas. That, you know, this is the biggest, the biggest event. Okay, your phone died, but thanks. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T, wireless line. Here's Helen, they'll be chill. All right, Neil. Yes, sir. Just call to see how my favorite AIDS candidate's doing. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. By the way, I'm glad you're off a women tired. That was sick and tired of watching you trip that tomato sauce down your three change. Yeah, but thanks for listening, everybody. No, sir. Thank you so much for listening. I want to wait and see how long you could do it. Could that was it? That was the end of it. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. He will watch the TV show. He was the one. How do you like that? He was sick and tired of it. So he's glad that it went off. In other words, if it was still on, he couldn't have turned it off. Boy, this guy needs to join NA, Neil Hollerson, on the other hand. One call after the board and that said, both had some real sweet hearts today. I'll tell you, some real real pleasant people today, like him, several. But life goes on. We just keep pound right ahead, stocking at money away. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and four-loader deal. Hello. Yeah, I mean, you know when I show more when you go on, you get down in your meeting and you have got some of the goodness. Where are we going? That's it. That's the end of our call. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's asshole day. Heard QA in. Chris, when you do a show in South Florida, I guess every day is asshole day. This is the response. This is the response by the way to this story that we just had. This is the response. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. I just want to thank you for saving my life. And that's the truth. What does that mean? Well, you always talked about the AT&T diet and I was very overweight. I was like 300 pounds. And I said, you know, one day I was going to try it. And what was happening was I was just kept on eating fish food. I was just losing control. And so I went on the AT&T diet since December. I've walked 80 pounds. Great. So my hair is coming back and all of a sudden I feel a lot better. Excellent. And I'm not up to any more. So I just want to thank you very much for saving my life. And that's all I wanted to do. OK, keep it up, pal. Thank you. See you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6. By the way, I'm having the inside of a fully-chicks cheese sandwich, which is good. No bread. But I got the meat and cheese, which is sufficiently a trace to piss off some of the more Orthodox Jews out there. Too bad. By the way, all your kids out there are good bacon cheeseburger. They would be good. And that kind of call a couple of calls. So there's a good example. While you young people out there stay away from hell and they'll don't know anywhere near there. Not that anybody ever was. Especially now that they closed down at the button, or whatever the whole name of that place was, South, North, East. Here's a mobile and cross-bring. So, I'll. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Guys, do we still watch and we're having a look in for you? Yeah, he's looking. He's squeezing it. He's squeezing it right now. I don't really have much material. I just had a question for you. Because I hear you talk a lot about the refined sugars and the meat and stuff. Which do you think is worse for you? Which what? There are either the refined sugars or the dairy. So here you talk about both of those are killers. Just a minute ago, you said that we find sugars and the meat. And then all of a sudden I said, which what? And then you said the dairy. What do we talk about? What do we talk about? Is it a meat dairy? Meat is dairy? Meat is a dairy product? I thought it was. Okay. Thanks. Just pick up a great steak and the dairy department is your supermarket. Now, seriously, how is it possible? I mean, that guy was older than 10. How is it possible to go through life that long? And be that dumb? Seriously, can anybody answer me that question? No. How is it possible? Just by us, Moses, you absorb a little bit. Just, you know, if you ever leave the house, you absorb through the pores of your skin. Forget about a brain. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the 18 T. Wireless line. What do you mean? Get out of your sucks. Gah she's morny. I feel reconciled with my own dishonor. I couldn't resist bearing since me. I saw her over the limits of jagging. What kind of arranging standing these brother? The house? I am in a reality today. Today i will not switch to f serious When i will turn into a With love of Never Mr Gheart� But remember If you don't chickens announced beyond justice Ox sauce Rink Coscz Some But I'll never, ever, know I'll never, ever, ever. Spoon's net big ol' Now we all know he won't know he won't know he won't know. Ooh, now he won't know he won't know. And I'll never, soon, never. Hopfinger's quakes didn't lick the buck to sweaty end to linen. Hopfinger's bow ever stings with fruits and haves of vitchies and juts. Hopfaller's nanos, those big, stupid, big, stupid, they're here to kickle. And even though I love these things, I will not switch the business. No, we know that we won't know he won't know. You've got to know him. No, we won't, we've never, we'll never, never. So, that's a good opportunity. No, we won't, we won't, we won't, we won't, we won't. No. No, we won't, we don't, we don't, we don't. So, that's a good opportunity. Well, 15 and 5, 50, WFU, I'm happy you're on paper Julia. Okay, all you want today. You don't pay any attention to all that other drug crap because it's a bull crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T, wireless line. Just remember, tradition is poison. Tradition is the continuation of crap. A reason to separate yourselves from everybody else. Am I going to change it? No, no. Here's more Lauderdale. Hello. What's your father for I've seen? Yes. Yes. To thank God, will mind that I spent this morning in the end of employment office instead of a tool. Oh, wow. If God was looking out for you, you wouldn't have had to be there. Maybe I should, you know what, I did in the tone, properly last year. That's what did it. Yeah. So, can I get some odd solution from Uncle Neal? No. No. You're not going to get a deal. Good luck, you pound. Take it. You'll need it. No, you better cut the crap out. You better go to Schull and pray. Just pray real hard. You'll be getting the job. Won't you have to pray real hard on it? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T wireless line. You know, that guy from Alabama, I'll call before. He's probably one of those guys that was in one of those college fraternities at the school of hard knocks. He's probably one of the guys that they may get done on all fours, you know, into his sheep routine. The poor Lauderdale, hello. Hello, Neal. Yes. Neal. I am a non-schule-going, non-safting Jew. All right. And I just had the... I just finished lunch. I had a little bacon lettuce and tomato sandwich. Great. Now I'll do it. Yeah. That'll put you right over the edge. So far, nobody's come down from the heavens to strike me dead. Yeah. Wait a lot next time of thunder and boldalightening man. Thunder clapped, yes. Thunder clapped, no one exactly. Even he was Jewish. So anyway, what's the story with the Los Dan Dan? The story is that they're going to play whether those old sticks like it or not. How do you like that? October 11, they're going to play. Yeah, more power to them. And the people on to the age of 100 say, all right, we like it. Yeah. All those intransigence, they like to be called now. Yeah. They don't like, what was that one word that they don't like? I'm reading the same column that you read. Oh, in Riqueh. They don't like to be called hard liners. They like to be called intransigence. How about if we just call them old assholes? How's that sound? It's me. Okay, pal. Maybe one request. Yes. Be true to your shoulders. Okay. A big isn't. I'll read it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line. We're all in long, we're almost there. Maybe we got to kill two o'clock and then Jim Mandich is going to come along. Right. Give me a big song and a dance about how great the dolphins are. Anybody really believe that? No. But he'll give you a song and a dance. I want to hear somebody on his radio station. Tell him like it is about Brian greasy. I knew Brian greasy before any of you. Okay. Because when Bob recently nighted the Herkone games together back in the 83. I think it was on TV at one season. He used to bring Brian all the way to baseball games. He was a little punky kid. And he still looks pretty much the same. He's a bigger punky kid. And he's a nice kid. But the only problem is he ain't ready baby. He may never be ready. And what? When are the people the sports that are done is radio station? Gonna start telling it like it is instead of constantly gilding the lily. Instead of constantly covering up for crap. I mean, I can understand if I'm working on the SPN and ABC television sports. I'm not going to be knocking the bullmore help boring years. I'm not going to be telling it the way it is because I got to be a shield. Here's a mobile in the keys. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Pretty good sir. Oh, that's good. Just a couple of things actually. Number one. I know a bunch of people all over the state that listen to you on the internet and everything. But they don't call because you guys don't have any hundreds of them. No kidding, pal. I got news for it. We're going to have an eight hundred number real soon here. I'm going to want to know why. That's right. Damn cheap bunch of bastard to run this place. They think that the way that they do things here is they just keep it baby. Ask them a question. You try to put their feet into the park. Oh, yeah. Well, we're working with that. And then they just hope you forget about it because they're not going to spend a God. And they're seriously. They want spend a dime that you don't force them to spend. Well, why don't you tell me another couple more spots or something, you know? Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, let's start running those 15 minute breaks like we got an afternoon. Oh, I love that. It's awesome. Makes me change the channel. Right. So to add competition. They love it, too. The next thing is, I don't know if you've mentioned this or seen it or not, but I was reading on the internet between porn sites that there's still Henry is going to be syndicated. Right. By, I don't know who premiered anything. You haven't heard anything about that. You know if he's going to be down here or not or have I heard anything about it? We had it on the year a couple of weeks ago. But if I heard anything about him being here and answering his, no. No. You think he starts very soon, September 26 something like that? Awesome. 29, 29. 29. 29. Yeah, awesome. If you can hear it. I don't want to listen to it on the internet. Look. See the problem is the only place that would put him on the air would be queer channel would be INZ. Right. And at night, if you live in a broader with you down there in the keys, you couldn't hear it if you're alive dependent on it. Seriously. Yeah. Great. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. If you want to drive up the day to night and have a list of the film, heavy party every night, you can call that. Yeah. That'd be great. Right. Okay. Alright. Thank you very much. Bye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless lock. Come on. Let's have another one in big ball games. Good night. Let's everybody get drunk all day. How come when I was an Amsterdam on Queens day last April 30? And they had 400,000 at least young people coming in from all over the goddamn country. Starting as early as 19 in the morning. All out there drinking beer all day long. And the worst thing I saw was, in fact, maybe the best thing I saw was a bunch of guys like taking a leak up against the aside of a building a few times. Nothing happened. No fights, no shootings, no killings, no beating anybody up, nobody dead. Everybody go home. They clean up the streets, nine, ten o'clock and nice. That was it. Next morning was like none of them were over there. You're not talking about the American Barbarians again. I'm going to start that crap and tell us the truth again. We don't want to hear it. We can't stand it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm an ex religious Jew who is a guinea portrait. Oh, it's not right. It sounds good. Oh, come in. And my mom tried to get me to get a temple today, but I wasn't going to have it. You're talking about a whole. Just tell her get lost. Exactly. Exactly. Listen, I heard I'm seeing an incident. I said this year, a young support coincides with some Hindu holiday about their Huggard Gennash, which is the guy of wealth. Making lots of money. That's what they were kind of funny. If you hold it together. Don't be thirsty, though. Exactly. Okay. I have a good day. See, much out for that pork. Nothing worse than getting some bad pork. I'll tell you that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. One of the slides here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm going to go to the station a few times. And how come you're calling fix and all that? You have turned to this station a few times. Yeah. Why do you keep making the same mistake if you're offended by this station? I want to try to ask all sounds like. Yeah. Well, I'll tell you what. You'll just go to your hand over one ear. Listen to the sound of your own voice pal. That'll do it. That'll solve your problem. Speak. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And by the way, low's band band. They're going to play here every week. Okay. Everyone. They're going to play with the other guy. They're musical group from Cuba. Everywhere. Everything. La Cucaracha. Right. Can't keep playing them. Desi Arnez records forever. You know. Pablo. Get's a little old. Get some goddamn Cuban music in there. Beat with that damn rookie Martin Crab. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yes. Okay. I mean, the University of Rochester when had some, you know, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the. Anishated guy, they were bad. And I'm not in favor of having these fraternity. They were bad. One. What did they do? What did they do? You don't think that they made them, they made them pay up their rear. And then they give them a, uh, uh, pie in a plumber water. And they had a good time mainstream. Yeah. You know, people don't realize the great connection. You got mugsy, Solomon, you're a great uncle and he was a great guy. Oh, the great people applauded the move. The mugsy was. They would, it wouldn't be so rough on you, right? What does that mean? So I'm just saying it was a great guy. No, I'm not looking. I've never met a lucky guy. He wasn't a lucky guy. I'm a crazy boy. He broke your legs down. I'm a crazy boy. Like you said, I think with more experience and more, a plan. He'll give a little bit better. Yeah. And what I think I was going to say without you on the, on the, every day, uh, it's something that we wake up and you're a great joy and you're, you're wonderful guy. And one of these days, you're going to sway on this station. Thank you, Lord, blessing me. Don't hold your breath. Okay. One of those days, ladies, ladies, I'm going to say thank you, Lord, for blessing me. Anybody believe that? No. What was, what was that? Where did that come from? Well, I guess he knew my uncle. What a religious family we were. Five, six, seven are all bookies prayed. Yeah, they pray for the horse to come in last. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line. I tell you one thing, I think, even though we didn't get to her can. I think Floyd blew in some of the jungle juice into the air here because everybody seems to have been held copious amounts of it. Here's a mobile and coral spring, so long. Neil, how are you doing? Great. Two jackasses in a row. Unbelievable. Yeah. You can adjust jackasses. I listened to the harakun's game on Saturday. I was extremely excited to see them lose the game. Yes. Bowen air, my ass. There it is. That real brief. Neil, quicks, fine. Don't forget. All right. Yes. Let's say, dude, when so this shows a gacky and he had a great comment. One for the ages, if you can get the tape, he said, when Nate Webster hits you, it's like a ton of steam and fallin down on top here. It was unbelievable. Got a good work? Yeah. And he should know. Yeah, he should. Okay, thanks. He should know because there's a gacky sucks. Okay. 25 pass known at 560 WQAM 560 5050 5050 5060 on the AT&T Wireless One. We're here in mostly today from the accident audience. You know, the ones who are just having radio accidents. Can you imagine if the people who listen voluntarily, whatever start call, and we'd be loaded with call. Yeah. We got the old spick. We got the homophold and hell and they'll who sheep left him for the weekend. We got all these people. Those are my favorites. I mean, when you let them go and then all of a sudden click because you know, you've let them go farther than they ever believed that they would get. And they'd run out of material practically before they give their little shots. They run out of material. They're like I said, that guy from Hall of Daly. There was a classic example that it what happens from some of those bad hazing rituals where a bunch of silly young guys get one or two guys done in their hands in these. And got only know as what kind of things they've done to them. You know what I'm saying? They may even have got them for all we know. For life. 26 past noon at 5. 60 WQL. Anybody have a heart or a liver? For centuries, man has wondered if the dead truly walk among us. And so, do they too have bodily functions this Friday? One young boy is about to find out. I can smell the parts of it. Yes, a six sense. You know, I'm hearing the male of aator and some of red swans, but no one can make sure that them the six sense. Make it stop. It's freaking wreaks. Read it for you. What is that? Don't tell me those are the tickets that came back. That the guy never got in the male? No, worse. This guy never picked up his tickets. Once that we were given away, there's really good plans to level the ones that cost eight billion dollars. Right. The 160 dollar piece. And what's the guy's name that ever picked up his guy damn panther tickets? The best ones that we had. Wayne. Wayne? Wayne? Wayne? Wayne? T-you okay, Wayne? I hope a guy. I hope a guy damn army of jirbles crawls up your rectum. Okay. And dies right in there. Didn't pick up his. This is unbelievable. Not only can I even get a phone call tell me anything about the guy damn exhibition game. How this one looked out. That one looked out. Well, well, look anything at all. But here's the guy we give the best front row of seats. 160 bucks a ticket face value that's $320 tickets and a parking pass. George puts it in the envelope from the pickup and the guy doesn't show up. What can you say? He's an asshole. Understand, of course, that I asked them all before, you know, I take their name and everything. Yeah, they'll be able to pick this up for you. Right. You know, all of this is closed. It's such an attachment. Right. Yeah. And they promised and swear. And does he pick it up? No. No. 170560 pound five 60 on the AT&T while the sun. See that's across the old Cuban a call before. You know what that was all about? The one that allegedly see this is the new deal. Oh, a lot. Once in a while I do an any. Yeah, right. You're listening every God. Then day every minute. This is your new technique to try to avoid being caught as a chronic. As a compulsion. I can't turn it off. But the one he's upset about is the fact that like I said, There are a whole bunch of there's a new way of coming baby. Young living and reading. We're not talking about shows like Alice penis to me. We're not talking about assholes like him that are in the hip pocket of Mickey Harrison and the hero. We're not talking about a whole new breed of living and reading people that are going to Reclandate County and take it back from crusty old one dimensional assholes like him. That's what's going to have. The result of that election. That was only the beginning. And the fact that those band band are going to sing and perform. And so is everybody else who wants to invade County. You guys, okay. You're going to embarrass this place long enough. You've made it into a laughing stock. The pan name game. They wasted 200 and some odd thousand. I think it was $220,000. Promoting for a thing that never wound up coming here. Because again, people like this old spick. And there is steerheim. Gotless politicians who cave into them. Get on the bus, Merrick. Get on the metro whale. Get out of town. The metro whale. 5.670. If it's good enough to get barba walters on that money, I'll give it a shot. Look what a different time. Boca people with speech defects doing a goddamn news in America. That's what it takes. Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello. How are you? Show all meal? Yes. You have to excuse these people. I think that between the pressure of hurricane, pink Floyd and the hurt who lost. I think they're just inventing on user. They're going to give a crap about the hurricanes. I know where the Jews are. There's a shoe. Is that a temple? A shoe? Yes. Cooper city high school. They're lined up at the town. They're lined up and down. They're rolling road to Palm Avenue. They got 2 PSOs out there. I've never seen anything like that. What are they doing? They're going to be there. Maybe they're lined up at the drivesuit McDonalds. Maybe they're going to be there. They got so much better. I think I saw a hank over there. And Neil, you know, how you're seeing a hankshed called her today? And don't you just have to pay for the seats? Of course. No pay. No play, baby. It's like a playoff game today. I think they pay a lot more. That's right. The bigger the holiday, the more you got to pay. At the time. You have a song from the old days called The Whole Wild Road is Jewish. Do you remember that song? Yeah, I don't think we got it. But I was supposed to play me through the usual. I'm very reminded me about it. I never tried to spell. Yeah, I do got that. I'm a goi and I'm trying to convert. Okay. Thank you. You're sure. The whole story is okay. Make a list of all his new kill the last hour. Just like a spot breaks on hankshed. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Wildest line here is Carl Springs, hello. Hello. Yes, how are you? Great. I wanted to thank all the Jews for saying out of my favorite restaurant last night. Which one is there? The big bear brewing thing here on Carl Springs. We can actually get in without a waiting or hand. It's a good story, buddy. The beer is lousy, but the food is very... That's all accounts, who cares about the beer. The last time I ate, there was Passover, and basically we were for Jewish holidays, and we go, there's no line, no way, you get right in there. That's fantastic. Excellent. Anyway, I wanted to personally thank you, because thanks to you, my son called my son Julio, called from Normano, he's listening to you right now on the Internet. And he's listening to me, he's still named the real life that I haven't called home, so he called home, so I wanted to thank you, and call him a major pseudo-do's bag. Okay, thank you, Neil. See you. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, Ramswood, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. All the heathens out there, they're not in school today, and why is anybody? What is this gonna stop? When is this gonna stop? It's so predictable. It's like marks something on a counter, and people will march, they'll pay, they'll march, they'll go, they really are sure why it's something to do. Like I said, it's tradition. Enough already, do use your brain, does it make any sense? No. Does it change anything? Does it make you feel better? No. Does it, you know, I wonder if my orlans can use to go to Schuil on the high holidays. I bet you probably did, just like all the mafia people that are always running into the church. And here's a check for a $3 million from the Corleoni Foundation for the Catholic Charities in the name of Mary Corleoni. How much was it $600 billion a summer-diculous amount? We have an understanding. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Right, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a friend of mine who refried next to the Jesuit there in the Olden Road. Uh-huh. And a couple days ago, they brought a trail in Loretwood, white chickens. And they built it on horrified. This is a queue on people, you know, they'll leave next to that place. They were hidden in Jordan with chickens. I hid on a piece of things that is a rat, a ritual, a sanctuary. Yeah. We do that every young kid. First, I'm going to Lando El Pojo Paragán. Yeah, that's it. But people don't understand that that part of the ritual of two of the real old drought to that Jews. Could you explain that to my friend, he's here? I know I could not. But you know that he does success. Yeah, they wrap it to fill it around their neck is what they do. Yeah, I'll make it. If somebody will find it. I don't think we want to do it. In the hairy cane, I was listening to an old friend of you because John led it. An old friend of mine. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Why does he wish? No, my God. He was not able to do it. He was able to do it. He was able to do it. They were able to do it. Oh. And they said, give me a message. If he said, uh-huh. Yeah. I've actually lost it. I bet you just about lost. I'm sure that I'm not. My friend didn't wish to be in my friend. And the dark came in the end. My friend. Brother. And it was a guy by the way, he led no friends. I'm so proud that you helped you go to New Jersey spot that. Uh-huh. He's a lot of time at that. When you wanted to say yes, but you have one to say no. Maybe you should have done one. Yeah, we should get we can get John love it to do it for us. Uh-huh. Very good. Keep working on a pal. I bought it. And watch out for the chickens. So lose your head. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. 2121 here on 560. W make believe QAF. This has been the old Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? Then some, we'll try to put these down. And then we have a lot of fun on this location. I can't live right away. Now listen here. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. I'm so sick. Very deep. Our fighters all be packed up. Our Mayoz service. How we ready to pray. How we any. How do I feel so sick? That's my F darner. From hills that I drive. Now she'll be singing away. See twouries short. It's a 1246 and five. It's a 1246 and five. It's a 1246 and five. It's a 1246 and five. It's a 1246 and five. It's a 1246 and five. It's a 1246 and five. It's a 1246 and five. It's a 1246 and five. It's a 1246 and five. It's a 1246 and five. It's a 1246 and five. It's a 1246 and five. It's a 1246 and five. It's a 1246 and five. 60 WCM. It's like this. Rush your son of business. And of course every Jew that I know. It's like a compulsory thing. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Do I know one Jew that operates his life based on a Jewish New Year? No. I want to Jewish calendar. No. So what's the point? Tradition. It's like a bad habit. It's like chewing your fingernails. Tradition. It's like pick and seed that you're back to. But not nearly as much fun. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pont is I'm not going to sit. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and Pont, five, sixty on the 18th, wireless line. Well, you know, it's like looking for gold. You know, you finally find something good. And then you'll lose it. Oh my God. You're scour. You look under the goddamn sofa. Where did that thing go? Here's a Palm Beach, hello. Yes. Yes, sir. Yes. You know, just wanted to know. This is a, by the way, New Year. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Can't we just redefine how was the state of mind that that's an old story. How Palm Beach is discovered that? Yeah. This is crap that the Pope came up with weeks ago. Right. If they did mention the Pope in there, but I, this is the first time I read the account. Yeah. It's pretty funny though. I just, if, if you hadn't had it, I was going to give you some new material. Just take it for dinner. If you got a good ball, you can get in that state of mind yourself. You've got to keep on. That's my style. There you go. And that's why he's in that state of mind, plus it's good business. Okay. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Whatever he was going to say, sorry. I thought he was done. 560560 was he done. He was done. And Palm 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. It's a great day to say goodbye to all this religious crap. It's you. I'm Kipper 1999. Okay. It's the last year of this century. As we know it, as we're counting it. It's the last year with a one in front of it. You can go to the bank on that. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. No, Neil. Yes, sir. This is Tommy Windows. I'm a friend of Gary Decine Man. I'm a longtime listener in the first time. Tommy Windows. Yeah, that's me. That's your real name. No. That's not your name. That's my call. That's my hearing. This is my name too. Right. Two points, Neil. Number one. I tried to shoot because you recommended it. Yeah. I thought it sucked. However, you saw it. Yes, point two. For 40. I've been doing business for the last one. For 45 years. And for 45 years. Yeah. You know, on the on the on Kipper, they would open a four clock for people to break the fast. Yeah. However, there's still under construction in the interior. And they won't be open for another couple of weeks yet. There's going to be a lot of pissed off Jews in the area. You understand that. So why would that be any different from any other day? I said, have a great day. That was a friend of Gary the Simon by the way. Although, at least we can kiss the ground. We can be thankful like Gary the Simon himself didn't call. Because his boring is this guy was he was like a Mexican jumping bean compared to Gary the Simon's phone calls. And he knows that. Good guy. Bad calls. This guy tried fish food and it sucks. Like I said, hey, I'm wrong. You're right. There ain't nothing like a nice big vet of vanilla ice cream man. Pick out. When it's out, pick out. Stick your head and put your bathtub up with it. Take most of the hair out first. Fill your bathtub up with it. And just have a party in your pants within a ice cream. I'll take the fish food. You can have the vanilla. Okay. I mean, there's some things in life that aren't debatable. Fish food is one of those. That's for the pH for those of you uninitiated that have never had been in Jerry's fish food. Whoever really understood what we like schemes all about yet. And this guy's a friend of Gary the Simon. How do you like that? Who goes out of his way? Number one, the knock fish food, which of course has been in Jerry's one of our fine sponsors. And then knock our good friends at the Rascal house. What a Hank's fine sponsors. How do you like that? What are my favorite choice in history over there? That was fun. Yeah, we're going into barbarian eats. And all his relatives, the Gatsimishbahah, all of our variants eat there at the Rascal house. You've been afraid and will, my think. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the 18th, 10th, 10th. So you thought that Jerry the Simon was kind of annoying huh? But Tommy windows. See, you were busy. You were talking to somebody. He starts not by saying, oh yeah, this is Tommy windows. And my cousin is Eddie head jog. You know Eddie. Yes, that was excellent. That's his cousin. Eddie, Eddie, that's the guy. Here's Carl Gable, hello. You know, yes sir. I thought you might want to hear my ex-girlfriend. Oh, there's an recap by the way. I'm sorry. With ROTC Hazard. Yes, please. This ought to be good. Well, it really wasn't. And actually, you're not good to do. Well, I didn't find out about it for a year. Let's put it that way. Got it in the ROTC at a local university summer years ago. I don't want to mention the name. Yes. And essentially, it was supposed to be just a big drinking party. There was a lot of, I guess you would call them alumni. You know, the office officers. Right. You know, guys in their four kids. Nice to meet you. But they got in their shoes. Right. Exactly. And essentially, I remember us just having to, you know, we had our hands tied behind our back and we were in this big room. Oh, and always starts with booze. Then there's some restraint. There's a lot of nudity getting you on the wear. Well, dude, there actually there was. And I mean, let's put this way, not that I recall. I just recall being, you know, fed shots. And, you know, it's like, everybody to one, two, three, you know, I lost count. So I had an opportunity to follow in year once I was in. I guess you'd say I had an opportunity to participate in, you know, the aging of the new recruits. And what I found was after they were drunk. Everybody put on like, you start black robes. Like, you know, the guy from deathwares with the hood and everything. Sure. And there was a mock trial. And participating in the mock trial, we're not only the, you know, the regular ROTC regulars, but also the alumni. And the other servers. Right. And the ones who lost, of course, were the new, were the new pledges. And basically, I did participate in this part, but I, I mean, you don't know, it just, it made me read, almost, uh, essentially these guys had to go down on selected judges and post to them turned out to be these old guys. Right. These guys surprised. They had no idea what they were doing. Okay. There was even guys helping them, you know, like, over and over and over, over and over, whatever. Right. It was pretty bad. And, you know, you don't know, I think, start them a little bit. I actually left the ROTC at the end of the second year. You know, just, that's stayed with me. Uh, see, I have any, this is all part of this phony, macho crap in the military, in the, in, in, in, in, professional sports and universities at these fraternities. It's, it's unbelievable. You know, every time I would look at one of these officers, I had no idea, you know, what I had done. Yeah. What he was thinking of me when he was looking at me and, uh, I can tell you, it's still, it's still disgusting to this day. Yeah. I can tell. Well, okay, pal. That's, I'm glad you survived. Bye, bye. See, now you know why most guys won't tell these stories. They're embarrassed as hell. And who the hell can blame them? Just before his 16th birthday, he tried out for the Junior C team in Tilbury near Chattam, Ontario. Well, I grew up in Tilbury and I played all my minor hockey there, and, you know, I would have liked to play in my hometown. So it was a good feeling. He made the team, the Tilbury Hawks. He soon discovered that he couldn't consider the real Hawks until he'd been through and initiation party. I can remember the coach saying that, well, he's going to get to know us better, and, you know, we're going to have some fun, and, you know, I thought it would just be a good time. You know, you're going to have to be more to players, more better, and, you know, you're your 15th. Yeah. Well, this is a good time, meaning to the 15th year. Well, people are just to get around, you know, meet the players, you know, play cards, or, you know, just stuff like that, watch TV here, something? He said that they would, they'd be staying there overnight, because they, they didn't want anybody to drive in home that was drinking and I, you know, the, my kind of assumption about that was, I thought, I knew there were some older players there, and I kind of figured that's sort of what it was about. I didn't really give it a second thought. I know when I came home with my wife, we felt pretty good about it. You know, like it was a pretty reassuring meeting. It was my first experience ever drinking. Yes, Scott never had alcohol before, but his first few drinks would leave a lasting impression. They played this little game of life. The fungal game I think it was, you know, they four beers in and you'd have to funnel it down your throat. I mean, after that, I was pretty, pretty much wasted. The party was here, the home of a prominent doctor, who was one of the team owners. Scott was shocked by what went on, more so, because there were adults presence. Well, they brought two boys and have ones, and they made them strips, and then all the coaches and managers and that, they're there with a lot of the veteran players. And there are two beer cups lines, and about probably 10, 10, 15 feet away from them. And they told us to do push-ups with their general to go in the beer cups. They kept and took a marshmallow. Now, I remember you had rubber gloves on, and you'd insert it into the players and the player would have to record a little squadow over a cup and try and get it into the cup. And the player must be able to eat it. Out in the room, there was like a bucket with a string attached to it, paying over a chair with two hockey sticks in between. And they'd make the rookie tie to string, there was a penis, and then all of a lot of coaches, veterans, and that, it all broke Pox in the pale. So there's a detail, was hanging on the end of the string. Yeah, there's some Pox in the pale. Yeah. A little weird. Yeah. The worst part, like what I saw was the train that they're sitting on, one of the other rookie space. And that just is disgusting with nothing, with nothing on. It's a date club you moron. 1257 at 5.50 WDQA on the floor. So why did you two laugh? No. Millions have converted for fun and profit. Now, you two can turn your pagan ways around at Pearl Strikes. Will convert any goal for just 99.95. That's right. Listen to one of our successful graduates. Oh, Ken, I shall loom. Malakkeh, I shall loom. At Pearl Strikes, will convert anyone into a Jew. Malakkeh, I'm sorry. I must have left my wallet at home. I never knew I could. I'm a lackey, I'm a lackey. I'm a doctor. Translated means, Stortus, did you make sure to give me a kosher meal? Millik, Mahalakkeh, Kamala Hien, Paka Bos, Pahoo, translated. Yes, Revise, the check is in the mail. Yes, you two can convert into a Jew for just 99.95 at Pearl Strikes. Act now and get a free yardside candle for just $10. Or old Strikes. Will convert any goal for just 99.95 or more if we can. Kamalakkeh, how the homeless better read backwards for Christ day? Oh, not for Christ day. 103 at 560, W2QAM 560, 5050, 50. Congratulations to Scott Lower Schwarze by the way. Especially since Scott got out here just in time. What do you work here for about five minutes and got out? And of course, you're a good friend. You're a good friend. Tracy Carosato. They've only got hired here because I'm the one getting his name in the first place. And leaves here the day that he left you to go up the boss in the secret sports. Does he come in and sing goodbye to me? No, he's say up your ass. No, no. No. Come scare. And sucks around with you because you dragged into the sl... See, Georgia's thing now is he takes everybody he can into building and slaps them to his swing club. Tracy never won with me to the swing club. He went there. He maybe didn't want to go there. He went there because of you. Yeah, right. He wanted to go. He went there because you turned him on to it. So to speak. And Joe Costello. And I'm not going to start mentioning the names of all the people. But that's the idea. So he's going to be a slip everybody from this place in there. Uh-huh. So that when they have the next raid, we can close this joint down. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Hello, Neil. I think he'll be taken. Roy. Yes. Hello, Neil. Try it again. Yes. Happy foot. Now, happy for him. Neil, I'm trying to recover from the hurricane's loss this weekend. And I start my weekend on a way. He's trying to work on the neighborhood. And there's a porter hiding behind a mailbox. Yeah. Any nails, of course, during doing 40, 1 in a 30. Now, my question to you is, he was obstructing the pathway to the mail. Somebody wanted the deliver mail or the positive mail. Yeah. Is this illegal? He's going to tell you my new old business. I mean, I want to be a guy of a case. No. No. Take a defense team, baby. Take a defense team? Yeah. I know. Appreciate it. Good luck, pal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's take a, oh, by the way, there's a great article in here, which I'm not going to wait because I know what I read these things to everybody tunes out. That's the same reason they don't read newspapers. George Castaneta, Jorge Castaneta, who's a political scientist and writer in Mexico City, wrote this column for the LA times, but they had some room in one of our papers. I guess this was the hero. So on the op-ed page, today, no one is winning the war on drugs. And I'm not going to read the thing, but it's right on target. Not to talk about the hypocrisy of people like George W. and all these others. And Baba, legalizing certain substances may be the only way to bring prices way down. He says, and maybe the only remedy to some of the worst aspects of the drug plague, violence, corruption and the collapse of the rule of law. Here and all over Latin America. While this may appear as an aftermath of many in the United States, it's cost and benefit to be assessed in the light of the pernicious, hypocritical and dysfunctional status quo. That comparison hardly will favor business as usual. Nobody is winning the so-called war on drugs. It's a joke. It's a freaking lie. It's a scam. It's a waste of billions would of be billions of dollars. People are starving to death in this country. Idiotic illiterate trash are reproducing, making unwanted babies. People are slaughtering each other like it's a goddamn barbaric nuthouse. And we're wasting billions of dollars on a so-called war on drugs. Here keeps a lot of people there at the DEA after their armpits and cash don't run in. And of course keeps a lot of those six dollars in our people at NIA with a job. 560, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. The article you were just reading, wholeheartedly. Without winning the war and drugs, what is this? Let me see it again for the umpteenth time. Let me start treating the drug situation as a national health problem. I know. I know. Then they'll start making some. Yeah, they got drug pedalers right at the airport. Right. That we don't know how long that's been going on. I mean, that's probably going on. I got on a plane. I got our plane this weekend. It was a side there. I said, be sure and put your hand when age under the seat in front of you. So they don't follow out of the overhead and then days of the other path. I don't know. I'm really unbelievable. Listen, I'm a teacher and I don't understand this. Why are we getting teachers as business with that teacher and Holly with them? Remember that case a few weeks ago? What do you mean, why are we getting in teachers business? That's totally personal. I mean, if the teacher wants to hang out at a club, you know, they... Oh, you're talking about the swing club. I thought you were talking about the female teacher with a 13 year old kid. No, no, no. The swing club case. I mean, that's just crazy. I'm upholed. Whatever happened with that. I don't know. That's why I'm... Nothing happened here. You know, they went to trial and I never heard another word about it. I never heard another word about the teacher with a 13 year old kid. I never heard another word about the cops. They are a 15 year old, you know, I'm saying this story to make the front page. I hear. And then they say, should I give you a follow up? Yeah, I hear you. But I don't hear the Harold speaking about it or opposing it. No, the Harold, the Harold, the fact I should have said that they talked about how the police would do these things. It's just that my public sex and degrading, etc. But it's hard to hear a bunch of goodly two shoes. It's hard to hear a bunch of goodly two shoes. Hypocalyptic Alassso. Where's the privacy? Yeah, he just repeated it. That's a... See, you don't have a bleep Michigan unfortunately. Sir, you forgot to put your... That's right. That was good though. But the way don't throw that article away, I'll fix it to Eric. We can put it on the website. So you'll hear the next... The, uh, Mexican drug war thing. I think I just threw it out. Don't odd cheese. I didn't see it throw it out. Didn't I throw it out? I'm sure I threw it out. When it's out, I threw it out. I'll find it somewhere. People are calling. People are calling what? Oh, I got to... Where's that article? You're not making this, not that good. It's okay. It's not that great. Tell me what's that, Harald? The next 10 times they showed it on MSNBC. Nice going there, Harald. It's about time. It did something worth while with your life. About this phony war on drugs. You should only croak. You people in law enforcement that are putting weed people behind bars. You should only croak each and every one of you. Okay. That's my feeling. People go out through a murder people. People who endanger the lives of everybody else. People who do DUIs who got their own special attorneys by the way to get them off. So they can go out through and drink and then danger your lives again. That's okay. But if somebody does a little bit of weed or grows a couple of plants in their backyard, we're going to throw them away for 20 years. Crazy people. That's what's running this government. Crazy people. And I'll tell you one thing. What else to sell out? If Pat Buchanan is the candidate of the reform party. Is that telling you everything you need to know? Uh-huh. Yeah. That's going to be the deal. And here we thought Jesse, Jesse the body. Oh, he's a, you know, give me a break. Another bunch of crap. See, because Ross P. Rowe, he's got all the cash. And you know, he wants to put up somebody with a big name. Who can siphon all the votes away from George W. Bush? Like I said, there's a pap you can. He did it, stuff. She's been called a diva. She's an icon in the music industry. And she recently released a new album. But what is it really like to work with a legend known as Share? Find out tonight on PBS for the Revealing Documentary, the Share Bitch Project. I mean, it was like she would just say my hair needs to look amazing. Not just so tight, I'm saying. And she just got on and on and on. I mean, she's the Share Bitch Project. Tonight on the corporation for public broadcasting. Yeah, Jesus right. 115 that five 60 W Q and we got you made it today. Yeah. For Jewish and Goldberg, most of the establishment being real Jewish today. We got a real skeleton parking lot downstairs. How about the water now to you? She here today. She's not Jewish. She like, uh, some kind of a go. Shut up. She's actually, Fracking water, not you. 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Davey. Hello. What's the deal with Tennessee? I mean, you know, those guys are in tomorrow. Okay, great. Here's Dave the cop, hello. Press the button. Yeah, I have my finger to want to press it with him on her. Hello. No, really press it this time. Look at that. This thing. My phone is like a larger to this guy. How you doing? Look at that. I'm pressing and pushing and it doesn't want to put you on there. Happy holiday. I'm sure whatever you say. Listen, one Jew to another. You know, marijuana will never be legalizing this country because of the liquor lobby in this country. It can only probably to the gun lobby. You know, much money they would lose. You know, a lot of these laws need to be repealed. There's some seriously wrong deal. If you can get more time for dope in Texas and murder in California. Whatever happened to the history on the cops with that 16 year old Drolldown in Kendall Dave. I don't know. I'm not pretty. I'm doing robberies in Liberty City, Neil. Yeah. Anyway, listen, count up with anything good. I mean, well, not that recently. Anyway, it was a much even calf to go. I can kids are reading and I got jealous. So they went to holidays. But I'll tell you this, the holidays ain't worth the damn unless they're knocked over. The Jewish holidays. And they ain't worth the damn since the baseball playoff went to the night games. And that's with, you know, I sort of coincides with the synagogue membership dropping. So there may be a point where it's great story in the paper this morning. The Marlins like I said before one and nine on the road trip in the real, excited about it. Well, you know, well, what do you got to do? But it would have given us an excuse to all the kids to stay out of school. But since then, they changed the days off. They made it a teacher's work day instead of calling it what it is. Well, you expect when you put the Bud Sealing, would you put a go in there or a dumb go like him as commission? Yeah, what can you do? Anyway, happy holidays, healthy and I'll see you in the circus. Okay. All right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 6, 60 on the AT&T, where I was lying. We got Marlins games tomorrow. Boy up the old shoot. Back to them. Double header. Montreal at Florida, baby. There it is. The toilet bowl. Two of the worst teams in the history of baseball. The Montreal expose where nobody wants to go see them play. Here to play the Marlins, 330 to first game to screw up, hang show again. I'm going to tell you something. Not to be outdone. We got a game of 12, 30 on Thursday. So we get an early get out of here on Thursday. See, it's not bad enough that we only got about one. 15 games left, 15 something like that. They're really going to stick this stuff in the middle of the daytime to do the best to screw up our ratings for the summer book. Thank you so much, John Henry. I guess this is his payback for the fact we don't want to build a McDonald's stadium. I must be crazy. I must be not. You must be. Here's a lady in plantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I have a casting report. Yes. They're all at Duncan Donut on University and Pine Boulevard. Oh, man. WIND UP. Who's there? All of us Jewish people who left services early. I'm working on that. I'm working on that. I'm working on that. The president of the hospital. I wanted to have to know. Yeah. You're not supposed to break the fact. It'll sundown. I know, but I was getting a little bit dizzy. Yeah, I don't blame you. You know what? It's not easy being Jewish. I thought a lot about what you said, but I don't know. Very good. The circumcision part. But I don't know. Some about being Jewish can be alright. You know what I mean? Although it's very long the services. You know something you can be just as Jewish without going to any service. You know what you're writing? Any doves without observing any silly old ritual. You're writing. Putting any schmatters on your head without tying up your arms until a blood stop circulating. You can be just as Jewish without doing any of these things. You're writing. You're writing. You know, I would like to tell you something that's a rabbi said last night if you'd like to hear it. Oh, hey. This was at the Coenid Reserve. And for all the people who aren't Jewish, Coenidra is the first night off the holiday, you know, young kibber. And the rabbi told us that his friend and his son were getting ready for Coenidra services. And his son said to his father, we have a really big problem tonight. Dad, because the jet's game is on at the same time as Coenidra. And his father said that that is what a BCR is for. And if son said, oh, are you going to keep Coenidra? I just thought that was so cute. Yeah. But, how old are you son of a 45? Probably. But anyway, also this is the bi-rebi-related. Have you gone yet? The bi-rebi-related. So, revise. I told you about the revise in Bilaxi. Have I gone to Bilaxi, Mississippi yet? Yeah, I heard angst going. No. No. No. I'm not going. Oh, God. I can't believe it. Well, I think I'm making things. Yeah, but, huh? Yeah. I'm going to make a clear. Try to tell her it's a place for glam. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Bill, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Cheers. Ben O'Reste and Sample. Just finished my Amitchies sandwich. All right. I was sitting here looking through an old sports-ilest radius. Lose on hold. And he just came across. I thought you got a kick out of it. Not bad enough. We got the Mac Arena and PP Park. And that filled with this is a, yeah, even the new predators arena. Going to call it the Gaylord Entertainment Center. Beauty. It's an, uh, argument. I think that's the gay center for sure. I guess our goal through was right about all that. Anyways, uh, just a check and in, uh, thanks for being there and coming into the day. Cause if I heard any more about swing clubs, there's going to lose it. Okay. That was good one. See, yeah. The audience is tired and heard about swing clubs. Okay. I just thought I'd mention that George. What? It wasn't all week first thought. First of all, you're the one that said it was, I joking. You think that seriously? You said you did a whole week on it. I was joking. Well, I guess I don't know if you were the, I guess you're, you've got to, to me, just like it did some of these people. Like not at all. By the way, it was great. All these horny purverts were calling up. People jumping out of the closet talking about all their crazy crap. I hate to break the news to you. Let me say it again. Nero casting. Okay. The number of people who have gone to swing clubs, you could fit in these two rooms and have room left over for the time. The whole point, the raw, these people curious about what it's like. Calling up asking this has cannot. Sure. Other people answering their questions. Right. It was like, you know what all the calls we've had about the, uh, packed in talking game. Yeah. Same thing. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Boker, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. You were speaking earlier about the war on drugs. I got another, uh, waste of money for you by the government. A little west colossal, but nonetheless unacceptable. I was reading yesterday's Sun Sentinel on the Outlook section. Uh, under the headline, abstinence makes a comeback. Uh, is the state of Florida is throwing hundreds of thousands of dollars into the education system in this state. To try and convince teenagers not to have sex. Oh, yeah. And then the best part of out it is the argument that they're using is, is telling them that condoms aren't effective. Yeah. So, you know, basically, don't don't rely on the condom, you know, you can't use them. So, just don't do it. So, the ones that aren't getting that message might be getting the message. Well, if we're going to do it, the condoms aren't going to be the kind of, like, I just read a thing yesterday that like 50% of the people that are having sex and including teenagers are using condoms anyway. So, right. So, uh, more on one of baby. All right. Mm-hmm. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Just about out of material here today, the Saudi Institute calls left on the board. 37 minutes to go until Jim and its side. Yeah. For Hank Goldberg at two. I know you got all that football stuff all wrapped up all balled up, and you got to let out all the sports there's calling it. I bought them, Heracoans, almost pulled it off again. State ban, huh? Guess what? They lost. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. Notice those Notre Dame people are real quiet. Rip them and verb well, those herbs and asslash Friday. They have a call from a Notre Dame person. No. Michigan State, third year in a road, tears them up right there in South Bend, 22 to 13 have a call from a Notre Dame person. No. Because God's pretty pissed off with Notre Dame. I'm going to kill you that right now. He's headed. He's second tear that crap. I would be surprised that they lose every game the rest of the year, even at like those girl schools they play. You know, they always play one or two the military schools like Air Force and Vassar, those kind of schools. Here's Haven't you, are you? Hello. Haven't you, are you? Hello Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Okay. Let me explain to you something about the drug problem. I spent three years in a Mexican jail in something called Reclosario Saur, which is in socio-moco and Mexico. I was with some of the biggest drug laws down there. If you saw how these guys live in jail, Neil, forget about Miami or forget about living in some really high class hotel. You would definitely want to be in there. They have been made. They have their whites living within. They have the best food. They have cell phones. They have computers. They have the government officials visiting them on weekends to make sure everything's okay. They pay up everything. The drugs in the jail are better than the drugs outside. And there's just too much money for the so-called war on drugs. To ever be one in America and spending all this stupid money down there and nothing's happening. Right. So you know, it's just going to keep going on and going on. And the American public just doesn't know what's happening. I mean, they have to go down and see how these big drug people are living down there. And I tell you something, it's the greatest light in the world in those jails. Then why did you get out? They give me eight years for possession. I got out in between a half, but I'll tell you the truth. I had the best time in my life. I didn't have the gym. I played tennis. I got them with some of the big boys down there. I'm not going to mention names. And it's just great. I mean, you can't be polite in there if you have some money. And these guys are paying off everybody. And the government officials come visit them. It's just a whole different scene. You know, it's not really a jail. It's more of a country club. Okay, glad you had a good time. Thank you. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T. Wireless line. 200 open lines here for last 35 minutes. No problem at all. Because we got a lot of people being real religious today. Going to show Duncan donuts McDonald's. When he's given that Dave Thomas that big and double cheeseburger, excellent for young kipper. Here's a place you can go. That's actually open today. And that's seminal Indian gaming. If the hitters now from the producer of teaching Mrs. Tingle. It's making the teacher tingle. Hey, kids, kids, my new science experiment. Here, play with it. Uh-huh. Ma'am. Oh, oh, oh. Uh-huh. It's making the teacher tingle. It's theaters and it shows up. Everywhere. One 30 is 560. WM Anybody hear you anymore about that uh, teacher with a 30 year old kid? Oh, any more about the story down. No, any of these things, any of them? No. 560. 5705. When we hit the hurricane, we got the Juw hollodays. You know, these things have to take their time and do time. Like Linda Blur said. Here's a mobile and Oakland park. Hello. You know how are you today? Pretty good, sir. What kind of moron do you get in calling up saying the Mexican jail is nice place to go live? What an idiot. Well, I guess you'd tell us a lot about where he's living now. Gee, there's what? I'm going to fight living under a bridge down in Oakland Park now. How big? Um, I got a question point, please. First of all, if no-terdamers are Catholic school, what the hell are they doing? Oh, and two. You know, doesn't God take his Arizona? What do you mean, oh, and two? I think they're one and three years there. I think they've lost three in the row. Oh, they've lost three, okay. I'm providing you guys they've lost three. Um, I know you're not a boxing fan. In fact, you say it's barbaric. Right? I don't say it. It is. It's a matter of fact. Okay. Well, then I'm, you probably won't know the answer to it, but I'm really curious about a question that maybe one of your answers that's when your callers could answer? No. 560560. Call up with boxing trivia on the gym manager. Okay. I'm not interested in trivia, and I'm certainly much less interested in boxing. And let me say it again. The idea that a guy, a bum like Jake Lamada, that they would make a movie about his life story number one, is ludicrous and the idea that anybody would say it was a great movie. That's even more ludicrous. Just ridiculous. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's for Latterdale, huh? Okay. Here's our last call today for Latterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I've been on a town for a while, and I heard a promo for the Panthers. Yes. When did that happen? It's great. When did it happen this year? What did they hire them? A couple months ago. Okay. I just got back. I was away for a few months, but yeah. Wow. Okay. They haven't done any games. Yeah. He did. I heard some of the exhibition game last week. He sounded good. Oh, great. I'm looking forward to the thanks, Neil. Okay, pal. I'm a veteran cry. Everybody agrees. Better than Christine. I'm all run by a million light years. Of course, he, when I don't like about the JGC, he doesn't use a lot of those old Funny, funny expressions like my friend, Rimmer uses, you know, like the Marshpigs and the Halfboards. Come on, Rimmer. Almost the 21st century lighten up a little bit. Get with the program, Rimmer. Those old funny, funny, funny, funny expressions, man. Even faster, he was embarrassed with some of those. Here's my me, be, chill out. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen, like to tell you, jerk, had a great week when you were away. I really liked it. I had people calling him. He had female calls three or four in the row. And I never listened to George. Anytime he sold him for you, I should turn him off. Yeah. But I caught the first hour, and I've never been to Swingers Club and I don't intend to go to one. But it was very interesting having the people come out of the closet and talk about their experiences, some go back, some don't go back. And I think, I think George Taylor was very good. It was an interesting week. Great. Six days. I think he was there six days. Right. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. All right. Here you go. George didn't want a full job. Okay. He didn't do Swing Club's all seven to six days. Whatever was his five and a half. Half of it. I had to start my new religion. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Listen, Neil. According to the Miami Rags, the Hollywood teacher from South Hard High School, that's the most charges were they still upending from the semesters from Pablo. I couldn't make out. Your phone is breaking up and I just dropped against one of them charges pending still on the other one. Yeah. The South brought teachers. The South brought teacher. The mail teacher, the charges were dropped. The semel teacher according to the Miami Rags. But is that that whole, that's ancient news. That was that you asked, you asked about it. So I'm calling the judge. But that's old. That's from weeks ago. That it was dropped. Against one. But what about the school board though? That's where the problem lies. The lies with the whole community that find new indulge in everybody else's business other than their own. Right. Exactly. Okay. Thank you. Do I learn anything from that? No. Okay. 600 open lines. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60. See when Georgia's here we get women callers. We get interesting callers. We get brilliant people. When I'm here, it's like a battle. Okay. It's like a battle. So I think it's time to step aside and make way for the new wave. I could have taken off today. I said, I'd like to be out on your own. Kipper on Monday. I'll play June for a day or Queen for a day, whichever you like. He wasn't too crazy about being here today. So here I have to wind up today again. Vegan for calls 25 minutes to go. I got two stig and calls on the board here. Pacific. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Hi, Joe and Neil. Okay, sir. Listen. Speaking of ziklomata. I don't know if you read the book. Of course not. Why would I read a book about that? Well, let me tell you why. I read the book before I ever saw the moving. Yeah. Ends up at ziklomata killed a man when he was a teenager. Now, if you read the book, it's there. I'm not making this up. Yeah. The guy was a freaking criminal. And. Okay. Well, I'm just saying, you know, it's another, you know, I don't know, you know, I don't why the ziklomata like you were saying. You know, he's the guy was a hood. Yeah, I'm confident he was a murder. Well, according to you, I didn't mean to book. So how do I know? Yeah. I would, I would lie. I'm telling you. Okay. Okay. What are you saying? I don't believe it. Okay. What, what difference is it? Like that's not the point. The point is that he was a two bit character of very little significance in the course of human events. And this movie, this black and white doll terminal movie, which Joe Peshie, that that that would have same forwards over and over again. And Robert and arrow acted like some psychopath, but not nearly as good as in taxi driver. And that's it. That's all it was. I mean, any thank God that no, I shouldn't say that because then I wouldn't watch that. I wouldn't have wasted my time. Because if you can get by that long pondress opening scene where he shadow boxing with himself and the music goes on. And that's why I never watched it before. That goes on for like about 75 minutes, just with the opening credits rolling. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line 22 before 2 in QAN. 2 in QAN. We swear with my bitch if you were this I'm still surprised. They'd be the truth your eyes. We got man. We swear with my bitch. We look like him, he's inside. We sing like a chickenly wine and a toast. Our agent says we got a thing. We swear with my bitch. Our biggest friends are 12 year old girls. Who think we're as cute as we be. Yeah, but as they get older they all figure out. We're hiding our late and seeing. One thing is for sure. We get mad at you. Why are you close? I'm the delicate guy. Don't you feel the obsession of your eye? I don't. I'm the delicate guy. I swear with my bitch. 1.43 at 560WQM. Here's one of the great hate letters in history. On the side of course aren't they all? On the front of the envelope on the bottom left hand corner. Attention hate meal department. Now wait till you hear the very listen. Wait till you hear the first sentence. Dear scumbag after listening to you since the year of 1985. Talk about a slow learner. 14 years it took them to realize all of the following. I have now realized one thing. I've wasted a lot of my personal time. Yes you have ratings. I guess that's all those effing horrors you work for. Care about. But your program is four hours of fart noise. And eating benches. B-I-N-C-H-E-S. Benches of fat tubin and pubins and Jews. Eating benches. Who after wiping sandwich slime and pizza drool from their free eating SH-A whole faces. Start dreaming of where free dinners and concerts tickets can be collected. You stay in South Florida though you readily admit you hated. Hey pack your SH and head to Italy now. Don't wait for three years. Your constant negativity toward everything is a tired old story. You're not a tired effing hack. A hack that hopes some asshole will give his lonely phone a ring and say something stupid. Thus providing the tired scumbag hack with four hours of ripping material. Actually you're a lucky tired effing hack because these same 20 phone colours have provided you with a handsoment come. I guess the reason for the high ratings is the given fact. What is your this excuse? The given fact that people are eagerly awaiting your demise and total meltdown on air crash. It won't be long. Three double you. He's only waited 14 years. Oh god. Patience pays off at the end pal. I also note every other project you put your hands on is on his turn to SH. When he lost the job. Keynes baseball lost the job. Appearances on at Mark Jacobs and TV show a major embarrassment. What a major talent appear on a sad tech piece of SH and commercial like that. No, but they probably had great free food. Good for you, Fed. I know the drill pal everyone sucks but you and you'll read this letter rip my ass before. Yeah, I can't rip your ass pal because you're anonymous. You don't have the balls to sign it. Even a first name. Even a made up name. Giving you yet some more material and another payday. But at least I get my voice heard. You my friend are a week lonely piece of yesterday's news SH. I washed my hand of your SH program and an overrated Fed has about 10 years to late for a effing dirt net. F.U. Since certainly not your effing business. All this must be Joe Pesci Jr. Every other word is effedist and as I said. But that's pretty original. This is beautiful. Framin. Been listening since 1985. It took this asshole 14 years. 14 years to discover that I'm an effing old tired hack with no act. By the way, thanks for doing those cake. I can show this so I can put a free car by the way. There you go. That's your idea. By the way, asshole. The only reason I did him was because we had a deal going with Kendall Toyota. So that George could get his car back in those days, which was free. But nevertheless, since you're an expert on everything that I touched, including her Itc. Baseball, which went to another station that I wasn't working on, by the way, which went to GBS. And as far as whammy is concerned, lost the job. Thank God. Okay. Thank God. And you'll notice by the way, the news on whammy, the sports on whammy, Airbnb locally originated program on Airship Whammy with the naked people in the show, other than that Airbie local show gone. So must have been Nielsball that whammy is a total flop. It is zester. It must have been Nielsball because I touched it. And you know something? We took the free money with a smile on our face. And it was a tremendous impediment to this show. That's why Tom Shove and spitting his grave right now. He was right about that. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Miami Beach. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. I'm going to call him. Thank you for those hockey tickets and Friday. Did you go? It. Yeah, it did. Not like that. I'm going to call him. Have an everyone call about the game. I know. That guy Wayne, don't ever get them tickets to get to the game. And now that you mentioned it, you know, I forgot. We gave away all those other tickets for that particular game. I forgot that. And nobody else even called and said, thanks for the tickets. Or we had a good time or blow it out to your ass. Nothing. Oh, I had a great time, Neil. How did they look? They look pretty good that. It's right here. Whatever his name is and the guy looked all right. Yeah. Well, it was the same usual self doing a try to pick a fight with everybody out there. He's definitely a gun. Chris Wells is the gun. Yeah. Or warrel, you mean Peter Warrel? Well, I'm sorry. We're out. Yeah. Yeah. How are you doing? Yeah. I'm going to be looking pretty good. What else? How are you doing? I'm going to get too much out of the next division game. That's true. So many line change. It wasn't. Can you keep it. Okay. Let's get a good time, pal. Thanks. Two. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18. I should probably take the last two minutes of the show today to apologize to the audience for taking a paycheck for this tired old show because somebody is standing with a handgun. Somebody standing with a goddamn shotgun probably forcing you to listen like they did to this poor bastard for 14 years since 1985 and one of the best lines in here was I've wasted a lot of my personal time. How do you like that? And he's given me a song to dance about him a lonely, tired old piece of crap. But he's wasted 14 years, four hours a day, five days a week that's 20 hours a week, a thousand weeks a year, 14,000 hours of his life, listening to this show, and don't forget watching the show on Wemi every night. Don't forget that. This is probably the asshole that called from Helen Dale Beach before. Who by the way is still listening right now because you know that he says in here, oh yeah, he'll give you more material rip my ass before it's said to him. So I wish like I said, you don't have the balls to sign even a made bullet. Not even smart enough to make believe name on here. You're such a puts. None of your ethnic business. See, I always consider the source of the sources somehow. So I say, okay, that's what I'm going to ask. But if the source is totally anonymous, don't even have the balls to put in there. So how can it mean anything to anybody and guess what? Does it? No. No. 14 years of mysticism of subjecting himself to this tremendous punishment, this no talent piece of turd on the radio. I don't know about you, but when I watch a program on TV, when I listen to something on a radio, when I listen to music, I do it because I like it. Because I'm enjoying something. No, not here. Not here. Just like all these people we had today with their radio accident. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's David. Hello. What's the incident of key furniture? Okay.