Sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Latterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show That's out in the old called 567-0560 toll free Very hard Or pound 560 on your cell phone The opinions of Neil is guest coller Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley read acquisitions or the Beesley rod cast group Now Neil Rogers On point radio 560 Neil is out today. J.P. will be running the show so please don't call him unless you want to bother him These are tapes enjoy have a good time George is out of town as well This sound of the southern sports of street Me and the red that were up in the cat group See And I'd stand through it for sure You'd say Holding cowards they spawned Gagians The stacks are loaded and here's how it's that band And it's the play by play All the radio Play by play on radio Play by play I'm so hit on the radio I'm so hit on the radio Swing of the splinter To magic in your sky And maybe if you might go baby I'm tired Very in there And my voice is pretty so good guy And out of the internet You just saw it out of me You could smell the rotten noise And it's easy to feel Don't be excited The crowd began to cheer And it was played by play on the radio Play by play on the play So play on the play So play by play To the audience Everybody play with me And something And I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say And it's one of them And guys don't close it I'd say I'd say I'd say And I'd say I'd say There's Gov messed up And if you're back Share your pieces Now the roll helps And you try this And I'd say I'd say And I'd say I'd say I'm going to be a great man. I'm going to be a great man. I'm going to be a great man. I'm going to be a great man. I'm going to be a great man. I'm going to be a great man. Somebody is a real lucky. Harry picked yesterday to die. Somebody upstairs who will take a few minutes off of what I would have done before our marathon here today. I am wound up tighter than a snare drum in heat. I want to take back something I've been saying the last few weeks about Gary Sarner and our sales department being a mosquito tool. There are things that go on in this place and I said this right at the end of the show yesterday about that bizarre thing where we had the same spot run twice in the same break. Which wasn't the end of the world but it was just to me it kind of epitomized everything that goes on here. But there are things that go on in this company the likes of which I have never seen in my life. And I'm going to talk about all of them today. And some of you people with big mouths who work in this company and there's more than one by the way who take great pleasure who's the way of making up I guess for very tiny egos is by abusing everybody who comes in your path. Guess what? That ends today. Because if I ever see it in front of me I'll get the two by four that I'm always talking about and not your head from here to kingdom come. Because the one consistent message that I've told the people who listen to this show for years is a great crap because life is too short to take crap from people because usually the people who do a lot of the crap are people who are crap. You're probably wondering what I'm talking about and of course I'll have to set this all up. I left here yesterday in a great mood I go to my car I almost made it to the door. I had the button pushed on my keychain unlock. I heard the little click I'm ready to get out of it two seconds away from sanity. Now that was two o'clock yesterday so it's twenty hours later and I'm still psychotic about it. About a display in the parking lot downstairs that went on that is so unacceptable. And if anybody ever opens up a mouth like that to me don't have a knuckle sandwich in two seconds. And the people I'm going to tell you when you pick on see this is something that really just amazes me. It's real easy to pick on underlings. Anybody can do that the boardops the producers the track whoever might be anybody can do that. So I don't waste my time with that. I spend my time dealing with management who are always incompetent and here at a level that is so staggering that it just blows my mind. But abusing the people who work around you and by the way most of the people I've encountered here the so-called little people who are underpaid and overworked are pretty damn good. Joe Costello Robert Josh Friedman. He may be fat and smell bad but he did our show a few days into the fine job. Tommy in the morning I don't know but it seems to me he's probably does a good job. I don't know who's the who does Hank show who has to put up with that crap every day Josh and Jason. Josh and Jason. Who has to be a don who's all the time. See I'm going to tell you something they had a bad day at the track if you had you know not getting laid enough whatever it is. Don't take it out of the people around you. You're not acceptable. Not acceptable and it's said that I have to waste time on your show today especially and I'll waste I'll spend plenty of time on it today. I feel like a school teacher here. I know I talked about it when I first started on this station eight weeks ago and I said I'm going to have to bring these people kicking and screaming into the world of real radio release something close to it. Because they're so far removed from it that it's just unbelievable. You'd have to be here to believe it. You'd have to see it with your own five eyes to believe what goes on here day in and day out under the name of business and abusing the people you work with every day. And I know that most of you listening to me right now you work for other people and let me say it one more time if you work for yourself and you make a decent living. I'm not talking about rich but if you work for yourself and you make a decent living. I can't tell you how in the SIM of you because working for other people blows. It blows because most of the time you wind up working for people who are inept. Who are assholes who are wannabes who are liars who are procrastinators who don't know what they're doing but that doesn't mean you have to take crap. And I'm not going to mention any names on the air today, fellas. But I'm going to tell you right now don't ever even dream of opening up the mouth to me because you don't only have a knuckles sandwich but your head will be on your ranis. W-I-O-D-O-I hate that station. These back and he's stalking the cycle who wants to make the Chicago Cubs pen and contenders. Clint Eastwood is 30. Harry and the charity. However if I is Harry, Harry was Steve Stone and the cops are getting this beat out of the day. Clint Eastwood gives a whole of fame performance as the legendary Cubs broadcaster. There's action. Fuff it. Stike it. He's through that. All right. Pass Clark suspense. It's crazy. It's comfy. It's airs off. The old man. The romance. Oh look at that. It's on that prawns. Steve's only couch. Clint Eastwood is dirty Harry Perry. Coming to a theater near you. What is it? I want a toe. A toe. A toe. Three. Three out to the ball. Three. Three out to the ball. One. Five. Five. Eight out to the ball. Six. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Four. One. Three. Five. Five. Five. Four. Like I said, it's a good thing we knew he was gone this time. We knew that was all over and it was just a matter of time. But it's a real good thing I guess that for me also for my sanity because it'll break up today what's going to go on an issue. Just a little bit of a diversion. Because Harry Carrey made me a cubs fan. I couldn't have given a crap less about this Chicago cubs. I got a satellite dish in 1987. Big dish. Watch WGN and there was Harry Carrey doing a cubs game to the course as a little kid growing up. See, this down here, like I've told him many times, is a wasteland. How do you get on AM radio down here is a no-speaker in place, but I'm being put up. You get a tower of babble down here because it's so low. Florida's flat is a pancake and as it result the signals from like living in breathing places don't get in here very often. Very rarely. Maybe once in a while if the wind is blowing in the right direction, you get WSB from Atlanta, which blows. But as a kid growing up up north, you become a sports fan based on that radio. Back in the days when there used to be real broadcasts, is not a bunch of ex-jocks. The people who could pay to verbal picture and make any sport exciting, who could make the hair stand up on a back ear neck, would get you involved in whatever the sport was, whatever the game was, get you emotionally involved in it, even if it wasn't really all that exciting, they could still take it and make it exciting. And so I grew up listening to real broadcasts. There's not, unfortunately, we got like one and a half generations now who've grown up being exposed to the bush legers, to ask Jax, Joe Dodgeola, Phil Rosudo, Jerry Coleman. People who couldn't broadcast their way about God-damp paper sack, because they once were a Jax strap. There are a couple of exceptions to that, like Pat Summerall, who's a great football amount, so I don't care what anybody says. Summerall's great, especially when he's sober. But most of these guys are garbage, but when you were a kid and you grew up listening to Mel Allen and Bob Prince, and Vince Gullie, who I'm not a fan of his, but nevertheless, he's still around. That's what, in fact, there's almost, and Ernie Harwell, who's also still around. And Harry Carrey came a waxed-do in the Cardinals forever and ever. And Jax buck, who started doing Rochester Red Wing baseball in the early 50s, won up in St. Louis with Harry Carrey. And so Harry Carrey made me a cubs fan, and the only reason I ever watched comes baseball and I was lucky enough that they a second or third year, I guess, the third, not the second full season I watched comes baseball, is the year they won the division. And went to the World Series. Would Sandberg and Mark Grace and Mike Balucky and Greg Maddox, and I mean, and then of course it, I would be because Mike Disney, our GM at that time, was from Chicago and a cubs fan. We started doing that thing every year where we would go up to Chicago and do a show from a refused bleachers right across from a really field. And it was a waste of programming. And there's no question in my mind that doing those shows just blew off the entire audience, but I loved it. It was great. It was a lot of fun. George, you've got to go one year for about two minutes until they said, okay, get back on a plan and go back home because you're having two good of a time and it's for free. We're paying for it. Right? Yeah. And we were sitting right under him, by the way. When he leaned out and sang the, uh, take me out. Yeah. He also came under show the one year. I don't know if you were there that year. No, that was the year before we're Marvin got to go even though I was your producer. Yeah. Well, Marvin of course, that's another story. But at any rate, speaking of abusing the producer, there's somebody you should have abused and I didn't even abuse him. God, we're a waste. We should bring him back, try it again for about just one show would be good. Make up for last time. But at any rate, so the one year, I guess it was the first year we did the show up there. And that time, Saul Fos was my agent. I wonder if Saul still in jail. But anyway, he was my agent. He was also Harry Carrey's lawyer and agent. And since they were so tight, Saul Fos was kind enough to get Harry to, you know, come over to Murphy's bleachers before the game, which was a big deal because everybody's always Harry was a driven by limousine from the hotel. He lived at Chicago, which somebody will call and tell me, I don't remember which hotel it was. But he and his wife Dutchy lived in this hotel. And because Harry didn't drive because he liked to, um, he a blood man and the imbib, I held a lot, uh, they used to bring him by limo to really feel every day. So we're on the year doing the show and it gets to be, let's see, in Chicago, would have been the game start there at 220. So it was 120. We're still on the year. So maybe it was like about 12 30, I guess. And Harry, it's been supposed to come by around that time. Didn't show up and I'm saying, well, of course, we know how busy he is. He's not going to be able to make it today. But it's really great to be here across from really feel. You can get Murphy's bleachers. You look out the window and there's the ballpark right across the street. And now as I'm saying this, the door opens. And here's this very little unimposing man with these big glasses walks in. And there's Harry who took the time because Saul Puss asked him to do it and came on the show. And he was just as, uh, amazing in person as he was on the air. A real character, one in a billion. And I brought back today is when he did the St. Louis Billkins basketball and came away, so most people of course don't even know that he ever did that. And was great attitude. I mean, to think that I'm listening to University of St. Louis basketball on the radio on KMO X. I mean, how to help it. I've been interested. But he just made it so goddamn exciting that you couldn't help but listen. And back in those days, buddy, Blatt and there's another ex-joc in he was great. He did the St. Louis Hawk's games. Back in the days when he had a few white people playing basketball and didn't have to be a seven foot freak to play and there was a great and exciting game. When Bob Pettit and Cliff Hagen and all those guys were playing for the St. Louis Hawk's. In fact, buddy, Blatt and there was so popular in the St. Louis that when he tried to retire one year, there was such an outcry from the fans that he had to come back and do another season of Hawk's basketball. So anyway, after all these years of growing up and listening to these people and I got to meet here. And like I said, 87 got the satellite dish and became a big cup fan and watched all those games. And even even last couple of years as bad as the cups have been. If I was home any afternoon, especially on a weekend and there was nothing else on, I'd flip over to WGN. There would be hairy doing the games. And it was kind of sad. It was kind of sad because the last three, four years especially after he had the incident, not just so much after he had the stroke of a few years ago. But after he fell down down here. That was about three, four years ago at the P.P. park. And he really was never the same again after that. And of course, here's a guy who had a stroke. But you know, it's the choice you make. He wanted life to the fullest and he was a carouser and the drinker and etc. And that was his choice. But he still made it to 78 which ain't all that bad. Not too bad, especially to be able to live like the way you want it and enjoy every minute of it. And so Harry Carrier's going to what that basically leaves you got your earning hardware and Detroit who they tried to screw over. And then they ran force and to bring him back and Vince Gulley and Los Angeles. And you got a bunch of, and you got, you know, a few, a few people like Michaelang and Pittsburgh who are real creative, real personality is real strong. I'd been the real great broadcast. Who can paint a verbal picture and makes sports exciting. But Blair, they have anishing breed. Another 10 years, they won't be anybody like that anymore. I became a hockey fan in 1958 and they ever saw a hockey game in my life. Never saw it. There was no hockey on television then. And as a kid flipping around on my radio there and I used to listen all that baseball. I'm on Saturday night. I come across 740, a CBL in Toronto. And I would listen to this man on there was Bill Hewitt. And I thought, God, this is awful exciting. I don't know what it is. But it's very exciting. And it was hockey night in Canada. And I started listening and I became a Maple Leaf fan 40 years ago based on listening on a radio. And I would tune in every Saturday night and I would start following the results in the new newspaper. And here 40 years later I'm still stuck with the same crappy team but nevertheless it's an important part of my life. Based on great broadcasters. And so when somebody insults my intelligence and tries to tell me that pretenders, another one I mentioned in names, Chris Moore, but people who sit and try to be comedians and refuse to describe the action. That people who couldn't make a game exciting if you held a gun to their head. That these are broadcasters, you are sportscasters. Most of these guys today are a joke. The correct cue is just retired and bossed into the Bruins for 100 years. One of the best, one of the greatest. And he was in, I know Fred was about the same age I guess as Harry Carrey, close to 80. And he could still be working. Could still be working. And it could still be one of the best because he made the game exciting because he was into it because he was a fan. Because he knew how to paint a verbal picture, even on television. Even on television. Painting a verbal picture. Last night came across because when we got these old impacts, there's nothing on. It's a joke. Came across on classic sports on a small dish that we're showing the final game between Canada and Russia. From the Canada Cup 1987. And Dan Kelly was doing a game on CTV. You know, one thing about classic sports that bothers me a little bit, they dig up all this great old footage. But they never give credit. In fact, I don't think they even know who some of these people are. They never give credit and said you would be an ounces word. And Dan Kelly, there's another voice from KMOX and St. Louis and the St. Louis Blues and before that, the Montreal Canadians. One of the greats, the Suncan broadcast is where I have a paper bag over there with the avalanche, but nevertheless Dan Kelly was one of the greats. And there he was last night doing a Canada Cup game. So that's one of the reasons that this whole, we were talking about yesterday, this synthetic era of sports. With all these contrived songs and all this bull crap and with the signs up there that show you a window applaud when you're supposed to get excited. And all these prefabricated ball parts that I'll look the same and smell the same. Not a question, a living in the past. It's a question of having had something taken away from you because it used to be fun. And now it's nothing but business. It's all it is, just business. There isn't even the slightest element of fun, the most sports anymore. And of course, here we are on your all sports station. And in a couple of days or a few days or in a couple of weeks when they start dropping the bombs on Kuhan Iraq, I've been wondering this last few hours because I did see several times yesterday, CNN showed that over and over and over that the meeting they had at Ohio a state that was supposed to be an orchestrated thing. There, there, there, you know, bubbles on there the other day and I am all for them. I hope that they bomb the Iraqis into the Stone Age because like Clemens said in Godfather one, if they to stop Hitler at Munich, they wouldn't have had to be there right then. But here's all these punks at Columbus. Mother may have been about it. Doesn't make it a lot noise. So they showed that over and over and over again. Of course, it's very obvious the seeds of being planted now that we're going to go in there again. And I'm thinking to myself, I'm taking that one little finger and I'm scratching that little spot on the back of my head. I'm playing Greg Reid Jr now. I'm scratching that spot. I'm looking down at the floor and I'm asking myself, what's going to happen when the Gulf War Park 2 starts having bit on WIOD during Gulf War Park 1 and during Hurricane Andrew and during a lot of other things that were going on in this community where people tuned in to hear us talk about them. Oh, I do have a TV set up here. Thanks to Jeff Cohen. We have a satellite this year. Thanks to Digital World Satellite. Digital World Satellite Company were kind enough to donate to us. And I do have a window so I can look out the window and see if there are any mushroom clouds forming down on 441. There are any magic mushrooms growing in the parking lot. But other than that, I have what do we do just as Bob Prince would say we just kiss it goodbye. We just kiss the audience. Good bye and hope that it's a real quick war and on last year 2 or 3 days. I ran to Kathy Little country. That's like the first action of space. Just get rid of that. You're in drinking jubbing and blow up the whole goddamn space. That's a full change of other f***er. That's a full change of other f***er. That's a full change of other f***er. That's a full change of other f***er. That's a full change of other f***er. That's a full change of other f***er. That's a full change of other f***er. That's a full change of other f***er. Mobile and forlaterdale. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I have a group Daniel Spire report. Before I tell you the fire report, I have to say you did a thing about it. The Domino's Pizza situation. I think that's the biggest of course I've ever heard of. What the driver's not going in a certain neighborhood. What do you mean by that? Well I mean the fact that the driver's not going to go in the bad neighborhood. And the bad neighborhood's happening to be black. The black people are being persecuted. Yeah right. Exactly. It's always the sense that you're persecuting or discriminating because you're not willing to risk your life and come into a neighborhood where there's all this crime. Exactly. The judge ought to be like I said. The judge ought to be forced to go to work for Domino for a week. And make him deliver all the peaches in that neighborhood. What say what? Tonight. About a year ago I explored an M. University, the ratlers. Yeah. The peat the companies absolutely stopped delivering in those neighborhoods because they were being ripped off and beaten up in everything. I think even a year ago someone was killed over a frigging pizza. Nice. Now the book Daniel Spire report. Yes sir. He also by the way was extremely abusive to wear boardops and totally unacceptable in her behavior. Go ahead sir. Besides the fact that she's having my baby, I saw her a young circle. Okay. Push in a push cart around the circle and you know what nail her leg is not wooden. It's plastic. What does this man just get to? What was that? What did he say? You don't remember that? They were making jokes. Uh, Tony, she had a wooden leg on the air. No. I don't know who started it whether it was on that show or Rick and Tom's air. And she's having his baby and she's got a wooden leg. I don't have no idea what this man was just talking about. Very, very old. But since you mentioned Rick Riley though and I was talking yesterday about how much I look Rick and So I didn't we had a lot of fun working together. That's all true. The one thing that did this to me well or a couple or several. Well, one thing that disturbed me the most about Rick that he did that is unacceptable. And that is abusing the boardops. She don't do that. And especially Adam who is a hard worker and really dead. Whatever show he's working on, he puts his energy into it. He's a dedicated true man. Next to George he was the best over there. And you ought to appreciate it when he has somebody good working for you. You should appreciate it and treat him right. That doesn't mean you always have to agree with him. But to abuse people, to brow beat people and to do it on the air or off the air. But on and off the air, it's unacceptable. And we had a mistake. And yes, I did go ballistic over at the end of the show. I wasn't taking it out on anybody in particular. I just was pointing out that it's part for the course and it's you. Because this place is so screwed up. And so somebody upstairs are traffic lady, which I don't want to mention. Phil is by name, but somebody upstairs gets wind of this, which I'm sure she's listening right now. And I'm very happy to know that. And starts calling people over the other building at QAM and abusing and screaming at all kinds of people. None of whom, by the way, were responsible. And even if they were, wasn't the end of the world. It was a mistake. And it was embarrassing playing the same spot twice in one break. But it wasn't justification for reaming people out and carrying on and screaming at abusing people. Some of whom are working for minimum wage or next to it and have it to take a lot of crap. And so if I have to spend a lot of the show today and I'm not, I'm not doing it to try to paint myself out as being Mr. Primadan. I'm not. But I just don't believe in abusing the people that you work with. Now, in management, I'll make an exception for that because they deserve it. These people, especially, you can't complain about our management because we don't have any. We have wannabes. We have people who make all kinds of promises and grandiose representations. And then you come to find out, well, they really don't have the final say on these things anyway. Because the beadley people over there in April, these are the ones that control the first rings on this outfit, which is why every single check for any amount no matter how small it may be has to come from Naples and has to be signed off on by the beadley's, which is also why people wait for weeks and months. And for lifetime, sometimes before they get paid by the beadley's. And I'm not making it up. I have no reason when I came to work here always like when I started with Max in the first three months, or a paradise, they left me alone. We were having a good time. We had some asshole engineers. And Max, but generally speaking, it was paradise. We had a great book that fall book was gigantic. It was humongous. The log was sold out with real spots, by the way. And it was paradise. Then, of course, when I came down to renegotiate that window in my contract and buddy buds started act and like buddy bud, it packs in. Then we started having some real problems. And even though George will find this distressing that I would say this after they blew out Steve Nichol because they thought they were doing the behavior in broadened people during Walters Sabo, the body twins, and started dicking around with the programming. And putting all those corny, corny crap on here and brought in John Ford to bring back the old corny IOD jingles. How is IOD doing now, by the way? How's the talk on IOD? Oh, they're not doing talk anymore. They're all news? WIOD. Oh, I hate that station. But I went in there with the best of hopes and spite of all the things that I've warned about. Buddy bud is born again. He's this. He's that. He's a mad man. I went in there with the greatest of hopes because they inherited me. They inherited my contract. I had no choice at that time. And so when I came over here, I had the best of hopes and people Gary Sarnerer's telling me and this one up there. The one I'm talking about today, which I don't want to mention, full of spawning. They're telling me, oh, you'll never work for anybody better than Greg Reed. He's the best guy in the world, but a beat by the Boopy takes care of his people. His word is gold and Yadia. And then, of course, I proceeded to go through several months of near nervous breakdowns every time I was back in town. You know, thank God I spent most of that seven months out of town and out of the country far away from here. Or I'd be in a rubber room right now. I'm only right now at this moment starting to calm down just a little bit from the first 50 minutes of this show and the preceding 20 hours. Which other people might not have thought so much about. But to me, it epitomized where I am and what's going on here. And it's an ugly picture. And it's not going to continue like this. You have my word on that. It is not going to continue like this. So yesterday at the end of the show in our final commercial break, we had a spot that ran twice. This is the second or third time it's happened this week. A 30 second commercial that ran twice in the same commercial break at the beginning of the recorded spot. And at the end. And I sat here with my mouth opened down to my puppet. And I came back on the air since it was the end of the show. And I gave a little two minutes seminar to the people in sales and in traffic and whoever else works here that you don't run a spotter's commercial twice in the same break. And then I find out the reason for this was that this is pedoloma restaurant and really bothered me about this before any advertiser. But it bothers me because we had a great meal there several weeks ago, George and myself and John and Crystal and the Zoltan and his wife. His name is Zoltan by the way, not Zoltan. Whatever. Whatever. Well, whatever it is. We'll get to that in the minute by the way. There's a thundercloth at the end, whatever it is. But at any rate, so we had a wonderful dinner. It's a great place to give me my own little special cigar or a locker there and they're very nice. People, the food was fantastic. Great stakes in Italian food. They got a nice smoke room and there. It's a wonderful place. Great sponsor. And it disturbs me because they're paying their money. And they were buying a 60 second spot. And evidently, Gilles over there in Japan playing a squeaky voice radio. And he's not here to redo the commercial. And as a result, instead of instead of scratching the commercial, which they're paying for a 60 second spot. Because we only had this dirty. Instead of scratching, you're going to instead of writing a 30 second spot in twice in two different parts of the show to be the equivalent of a 60 second commercial. Some genius over there decided that we would just run the same spot twice in the same break. Well, it takes up 60 seconds. That would be like my sitting here and saying, I got a 60 second spot to do for a pizza lock. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to say, hey, pizza lock really has great food. Hey, pizza lock really has great, you know, pizza lock really has great food. And do that for 60 seconds. That would not be a commercial. And Jeff Cohen would not pay for it. All of you would like all the mentions. So you like getting it for free now, which is why I'm doing it. And the spot too. So I went a little ballistic about that and to come to find out that after I walked out here at about 203 and not all that overly concerned, but it was just another another one of these QA and aberrations that I'm becoming used to all the way. I don't like them. And I'm trying to do something to embarrass people into correcting them. And I was on my merry way out the door. And I got down as far as that stoop out back. And there was speaking of stoop. There was Gary Sarner. There was mosquito tool himself sitting there on the stoop. Smoke in a bag. I said, how you doing? Okay. Get to my car. I pressed that little unlocked button on my keychain. I'm only moments away like two seconds from opening the door and being on my merry way. Toward the turn bike. And I hear Neil. And it's mosquito tool. And it comes wandering over because he wants to do the anti routine. Want to get into a whole yenta song to dance about all these rumors about the station being sold. And what he has heard is that Cox brought casting wanted to buy power 96 and kiss. But had no interest in buying QAM. And of course, it would make no sense to me really. And spite of all the hopes that I have. It would make no sense for the Cox broadcasting for the sisters to sell IOD with a much superior signal. And practically give it away including the property. And then come back a year or so later and buy this station with all the debt from the Wayne Hysinger with all the sports franchises with the big payroll with the inferior signal. It just wouldn't make any sense even though that's the rumor that we continue hearing. So I'm engaged in a conversation about that. And then he asked me something about a certain sponsor which is one of his accounts, which has been running multiple times on this show. He said, you know those people are only buying one spot a day. They're only going to pay for one spot a day. I don't know what that's all about why she's putting it. And I said, I really don't know, but I find it very annoying because it becomes extremely repetitive. And I don't think that company A will call them just for argument is to use a letter that they're trying to buy all those spots every day. It really isn't necessary and there's been a lot of money. And I don't think it's right that you know, so now the person that I've been talking about here today, all I do not want to mention, Philistine. Come zawalting out to door and start saying add it. And at that point there wasn't even a half a word out of her mouth. I said, hey Philist, how come company so and so is running on my log twice today and three times yesterday? Because it's Gary's account and he tells me that they're only buying one spot a day. Well at that point at that moment, remember when we dropped it bombs on Nagasaki and Hiroshima at that point there unleashed as she came racing over to where we were standing close to my car all the way across the parking lot. A torrent of verbal abuse at Gary's Sarner, the likes of which I have, I don't think I've ever seen from anybody in this business. To another human being. And because the guy evidently is Wimpy, I mean he never stole a free train. He's probably not that bad of a guy. Maybe I don't know him that well, or really don't. I have no grudge in the wax to grind with him. But because he's Wimpy and kind of a puts, I guess it's another easy target when you've got people intimidated and they're used. They're conditioned into being screamed at. And now pay for those motherf-a-fetched spots and I'll get that dead Greg Weed. And this, I'm telling you, I thought that eyeballs were going to come popping out of this person's head. And I'm standing there, we're not going with a discreem or each a key to banana. And other conversations, which is to this, playing the pedal-lumous spot twice and one break at the end of the show yesterday. And Lou and our sales manager, such as he is, is standing there also. So now there are four of us standing out there in this conversation is developing. I call her with Erin, I told Joe and I told her that I told her that I told her. And this hysterical performance is going on. Linda Blair on her most psychotic day in the exercise never came close to way performance like this. I mean we got the Oscars coming up very soon. Why not make our own nomination? And then she turns to me, the body, you know, that account, that's Dalton. Dalton, I say that you think is so great. And at that point is when I should have just walked away and got into my car and left the premises. I never said Dalton, Zoltan, whatever his name is was so great, I said he looks great, which he does. And he's a nice guy, which he is. And his bright and articulate, we had a good dinner that night he's got a lovely wife. And he probably could be this is his first job in a radio sales like many of our people. And he probably could be a damn good sales guy with a little bit of guidance and assistance, and not too much brow beating. But you see the way this all fits in together. Everybody. Everybody is inept. Everybody is incompetent. Except this one person is the alter ego of the general manager. Because he's been here a very long time and will defend and to her death. Will defend the defenseless. We'll make excuses for aberrant behavior for lies, for procrastination that is unbelievable. I don't need a lecture from Phyllis or anybody else about the experiences that I've had with this company these last 11 months. Within here, nervous breakdown of having to coerce people to live up to their words, to build these studios such as they are. With attempts to get paid for things that were supposed to be paid to me like for hockey tickets. And to get people paid who would show us for this radio station. I could give you a list of stories. And we're still working my lawyer by the way on where those TV spots and billboards to promote this show that are in my contract and we're promised that we've had a half a dozen different dates. We've been told they're going to start and I've been on here here almost two months and still haven't seen a guy with a sandwich board promoting the new rob your shore with a hangover shore or the worst team or anybody else. Haven't seen it anywhere nowhere. And I'm out there for fifty five minutes. I might as well go on home and argue with my dogs. At least they would have smiled and I wouldn't have had it wouldn't have hurt any bull crap. So unless there's anybody in sales who needs to speak to me about business, let the word go forth today from. Let the word go forth at a two-o-one every day Monday through Friday that I'm here I'll be gone. I'd rather go run naked in traffic for an hour than spend another hour like I did yesterday. Listening to stories and rationalizations and then the other the big guy and I could John what is his name John Jarris? I don't know what he seems like a nice guy means well. He drives up in his big cat like what is his title what is his function? Oh, we don't know something to do with power 96 but also another one of those people we have all kinds of people upstairs. We got that ray guy we got it. We know nobody knows what they do. I know seriously you're laughing but it's true. We don't know what the rate Perry. We don't know what he does. And this particular guy has met me in the elevator on a couple of occasions over the last month and a half. And so all of the Mark Winery people for Mark Winery that's Mike Sun has advertising agency are going to be coming in tomorrow to shoot some footage for the promotional campaign. We're going to have a report on TV. Great. Excellent. Never happened. So I asked him some questions about that and he tells me all we had all this TV time reserved and we're going to do this. And I've eaten spend a lot of money and then for some reason which nobody could get answered to it was all put on hold. You know, I remember George before WI would be with sold. I had a $200,000 TV campaign that we're going to run in an inexplicably. It all got pulled. Remember that? I'm not suggesting that there's a parallel. But I do remember the figure very, very specifically that there was a $200,000 TV and Billboard campaign to promote WIOD. It got put on hold and we couldn't get an answer why. And then all the rumors started really flying out and heavy and the next thing we know, passing bought the station. Oh, God, he's got his fingers in legs crossed and his eyes too. There you have, don't put the panthers on that is. When the hell was a baseball who began on your way out? Here's Andrew Dice Clay for Dicerone. Alright, let's say you eaten. You're sick and you're tired of being potatoes and that's store tops. It's all like me, honey. Eat this Dicerone. Come on, it's almost as simple as you. Put the f***ing bag in the f***ing pot and you're turning on the f***ing stove. You think you can manage that honey? Hey, but I've been a f***ing thing done. So remember, Yanky Doodle came the town right on a pony. Stop the feather off, please. That f***ing cold, it dice our pony. Oh, you're right. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. The taxi ain't there, she. Alright, there must have been a little dicerone on the Adisbeir. I like that. That was a great effect. Alright. I was going, guys. Listen, you hear that? The CD is hyper ventilating, it's going to be a shot. Why does it seem that it's always, I don't know about you, but it seems that it's usually women. Who's think that they have not always, I mean, in all indicated we have more than the one person here, guilty of brow beating of the troops and the screaming and hovering and going psychotic. But it seems that generally the majority of people who behave this way toward their fellow co-workers are women. Now, back at IOD, we had a woman a young lady who is still there, by the way, which is astonishing. Her name was Sarah, still is. Oh, she hasn't changed that I would. And she was the promotions lady. And they had a very silly promotion that they ran one time. It was called the WOD tragic trip. Maybe some of you were long-suffering listeners remember that D.O.W. IOD. Oh, I hate that station. It was a really dumb promotion and it was a very vague and ambiguous, nobody really knew what it was. And we were going to send somebody to someplace where they really didn't even want to go. And the whole thing was just a disaster. And she came into me one day and she stood in front of me during a commercial break. While a show was going on in the less but during a break, and I had indicated that I didn't want to participate in this promotion because it was just a garbage. And it was kind of, I really don't remember the details. But at any rate, she says, and I was very trying to pull out your show. You're ething on grateful son of a bitch screaming and tricky. Here's this, I'd say early 20s, how old were you to say she was, about 21, 22 years old? And she's standing there, not not because I consider myself such a big shot, but I do happen to be human being. And of course, I wasn't in the middle of a radio show. Now, I'm going to tell you something because this wasn't the first time she had done it. She had also done the same thing with Rick Riley as our recall. Remember? Yes. And I remember, was it about this or something else? Whatever was about. She held it, Adam was to, should have been, oh, that's right. Adam, what was the line about Adam? That's why you're just a board up. Right. That's why you're just a board up. See, women and minorities, big things that they can get away with anything in the workplace because, well, you fire their ass is going to be a sex discrimination lawsuit. There's going to be a racial, well, whatever it is. It's going to be a lawsuit. So once you got women or minorities, man, there are a lot of companies that are terrified to ever turn them loose, because no matter what they do, they think they can get away with it. And they're the first ones to yell by the way, they're being harassed at a screen at a against. And yeah, I know those stories from upstairs by the way, too. I know all about that crap, polygarbage. And then we also over the Paxon IOD, we had it. And let me say it again. She's still there Sarah in the Cox building over there where by 100 used to be on 29th Avenue in Hollywood. Should have been fired on the spot that day. Should have been fired. She's still there. She's a woman. And at the Paxon IOD, which I will not mention a name here because I'm not that stupid, we had a lady working there who was so incredibly incompetent and that, if she didn't take 10 years off George's life, I have no idea what possibly could because he and I'm not going to say what her job was or what her name was or who she be. But I'm going to tell you this right now, he had to redo her job every morning before the show started. And boy, talk about a big hostile mouth and an arrogant hostile attitude. I mean, just look at that lady cross-eyed man in the wrath of Jesus and Moses and Abraham Solomon would come down right on your push. I'm telling you man, this is this is if you get nothing else out of their show. Ever do not take crap from anybody. That's my message. And maybe people think that they've been able to do things for years here with impunity. But that's before I showed up on a scene. Not that I'm such a big shop, but obviously I'm not intimidated or threatened by George Bees, Lee or Bruce Bees, Lee or Greg Raid or Duff Lindsey or what's your name full of substairs. I'm not here to abuse people. I'm not here to brow be people. I'm not here to do any of the above. All the way, you know, I'll do my stick on the air. I'll do my evil poke in front of the sales people. I'll go quite frankly. Most of my experiences with the sales people are very fine. No problem. Really. But I'm not here to abuse people or to play God or to look down my nose at anybody else. And so the shenanigans that have gone on here for far too long stop now. Because I'm going to tell you something. If it happens with anybody in this building or the other building again, I'll hear about it. And you know something, I'll go on here with it again. Every single time I find out that this kind of crap is going down at WQAM, Power 96, Kiss, anything to do with the beastly Miami stations. I'll put it on the air. If that's what it takes to force some people to either look in the mirror and assess the way they interrelate with their fellow workers or maybe in some cases. And I really don't know, get some assistance for whatever it is that is troubling them. And you may be chuckling when I say that in there, but I'm telling you, I don't, I just don't, I don't cotton that kind of behavior. I'm sorry. Here's a mobile lady and there's a lady mobile and Davy. Hello. Hey. Hey. How are you? Okay, man. I got to tell you some advice. I'm embarrassed to say it, but I'm from Davy. If anybody calls from Davy, expect re-toddiness to come out for them. They're very slow, screwed up people. Yeah. And so I would expect any smartness to come from them folks. They're all redneck, sh**k, kickers and sitting there drinking. Okay. Great. But what is there something going on today that we don't know about? I thought Monday was the holiday. I thought that was President Day Day. Maybe they maybe they're celebrating like a President's week. This is amazing today. This is a star-shake. We're having an impact on this show. The likes of which I can't even believe. We're reaching everybody. We're reaching even a retarded people today. People on the inside who are locked up and padded cells were reaching them. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, good afternoon. Yes, sir. I want to tell you something. I moved down here from Chicago about four years ago. And was the worst career move I ever made. Yes, sir. I would go along with that. Well, thank you. I came down here expecting sunshine and nice people around that crap. They told me I'd get down here. I'll tell you this. If I couldn't move today, I would do it in a heartbeat. This city sucks. It has nothing to offer. The weather sucks. The people are unfimmedy. They can't drive sh**. Nobody can open them. Oh, man. You know, these people are very frustrated and they keep saying crap. You know, I mean, let me say it again. It's still legal to take one in America. I don't know how long it'll last you, but it'll take a good one. But you can't say it. You can't say crap on the air, sir. I totally understand your frustration. I share it with you. Believe me. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Speak to me, sir. Okay. Yes. If you're talking about politics, please push it out. I don't know if you've caught the channel tag or interview up. I read the video. You know, I heard about it. I already left this walker home. Yeah, well, I was one of the jocks on one of the pucks who pulled the pirate radio station. That's an enterprise life. And, you know, he was like, you know, saying, oh, you think I'm top of forever. He's trying to shut a dog twice or any. Wait a minute, let me ask you this. Why should he not try to shut you down? Why the hell should you be allowed to have a pirate radio station? Where you're on their spilling crap out of the airways. Yeah, no. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. We were really probably only. Rating station. We're all we do is play the discos we style and then and retro music. And we try to get a license, but you need a house from a million dollars to get a license. Sir, you're you're not listening to me. Okay. I don't care what you're playing. You don't have a right. There are laws about this. The airways are governed by the government. You don't have a right to put out a pirate radio station. And then call me and try to defend it as if he's a bad guy because he's trying to get you off the air. You have to be off the air. No, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All these times there's come and stuff. So he was rating to go in down. Taking all his visitors. Sir, how are ninety six is the number one rated station in the market number one. And number two, you're breaking the log. You understand that. Sir, you know what that means. I understand what that means, but where? Where? Where's what? We're still in the SEC. So we're a little bit more about that. You can sue the FCC from now until the year 25, 25 when Zagarin Evans make it come back. And you're a chance you're that a Chinaman's chance in hell. We're suing the FCC because this guy and just like all these other pirate stations in date county, I mean give me a break. Oh yeah, talk about people who just make up the laws they go along. There's one for you all. You plantation porters that are so bent out of shape with people going five miles over the speed limit. There's a guy who just makes up the laws he goes along. They don't have the money for a license. So they're just going to go ahead and get their little tiny transmitter and go on the year and spew out whatever it hell they want. Unbelievable. I think the guy that called before was right. Here's an important facts from a franket. O'Cala was listening on the internet. He says the trial here in O'Cala pretending to the so-called obscene t-shirt. Reach take inclusion yesterday. A jury of five women and one man found the guy not guilty on all counts. How do you like that? Unbelievable. They waste the tax fairs money to take a guy to trial because he wore a t-shirt that some forker decided was obscene and they dragged his ass off to jail and had to go through a big song on a dance and the jury said you're full of crap. Anybody remember the first amendment? Right. Up in O'Cala even though you still remember what it was. Nice going guys. And thank you Frank. My dad's not me all. He makes him and he had me up. When I was over there he was. He was not me. I was killed by my daddy. And I was a bad dad not me all. And I was a little kid. It's not a meeting of his family and I'm a good one to go. He's a bad dad not me all. And I was like, Anna, you know. He's a bad dad not me all. He made me to get up to work. He's a good one to get it. So let me just mention this stuff thing here because I'm gonna forget about it and I don't want to do that. Boy Tosh.of Kron, I-95, child's mother charged with attempted murder, Hobesound, and apparently drugged and paranoid mother, once accused of starving her newborn daughter, pulled her toddler son from his car seat and tossed him out the window on Thursday, as she raised along Interstate I-95. She picked him up by his coveralls and threw him out since Lord Highway Patrol Trooper Deborah Busby, the screaming two and a half year old boy, purtle across the median as shock motorists pulled over to help him. Stephen had died lost consciousness only as per a medics placed him on a gurney. The boy was in serious but stable condition with broken bones on Thursday night at St. Mary's Medical Center was undergoing CAT scans. And Barry Jackson's worried about if we're gonna have the Jimmy Johnson press conference. See what I'm saying? Well, I see I got this TV and here, thanks to Jeff Cohen and the satellite, this thanks to our friends at the digital world satellite. Not so I could watch ESPN and find out if there's any big sports score stories breaking, but so we could have CNN on here and find out if the president's gonna get him peach. If he's at any good blow jobs this week, if we're gonna have a goddamn war with the rack, what's going on in the outside world. Barry Jackson, I suggest you open up the window and stick your fat ass out there and find out there's other things going on in the world. Okay, you simple then you jack as you, you fit in like you're just like those people that that guy was talking about. Anyway, this little boy's mother Chris and Hadoa 30 of West Palm Beach was charged with attempted murder and aggravated child abuse and was being held on $60,000 bail at the Martin County jail. It was Hadoa's second child abuse. The rest of 1991 Hadoa played a guilty to child abuse charges after her infant daughter turned up malnourished and convulsing at a hospital emergency room. She received five years probation court documents show and here's the best part. Hadoa was going through a divorce and had won temporary custody of her children court record show. How do you like that? She was going through a divorce and what temporary custody of her children. Hadoa and a parent manic depressive who was no longer taken a medication had lost a lot of weight recently. She'd become obsessed with a notion that a secret agency was trying to steal her son according to neighbors and friends. Probably the Illuminati or the trial-adural commission. She told them she discovered the plot on the internet was playing with their child. Oh, the plot was on the internet just like all those great NHL trade you see on there. About 10.45 a.m. traveling north on 95. It's beat up to 85 miles an hour. Hadoa threw the toddler out of the driver's side window and then skid it into a ditch. The boy hit the ground screaming witnesses told police and continued to cry as witnesses raised to the company. Hadoa ran back to the work child, writing about pornographic movies and poor international news coverage and local papers according to witnesses and police. Well, not in last part. I think she's got a plot about poor international news coverage. There's nothing in there about the Disney connection. No. She, uh, I heard somewhere on one of the radio news. Obviously not the Disney movies. Well, not us. We would know. We would know she was thrown out of the head. She'd rather see the kid dead than, uh, to be exposed to the pornography of Disney movies. Oh, yeah. She's also a priest. Well, maybe she's smarter than we thought. She knows that they've no fact in the church. She probably saw a priest and got there not to shave this woman. She's getting custody of her kids. The first one, the little girl was convulsing and starving to death. And this one, she chose out the window. And people are worried because we're having too many abortions because we're not making enough babies. And the Pope is running around telling people to gotta make a lot more babies. And no, no, with that birth control. That'd be bad. Oh, God Almighty. But I bet you're the right to life or is that going to be screaming about this? Cause this kid's already alive. See, they never care about anybody that's already alive. It's only that fetus that they're in love with. Here's Palm Beach, hello. And you know, good morning. I've even talked about porters the last few days. You know, a story on CNN, a North Florida man arrested handcuffs taken away for standing on a roadside with a sign that says speed trapper hit. You was going to see this reminds me of the thing about the flashing your lights to warn the other motorbors that there's a speed trapper. How can they do that? I just thought on that. I guess what they say is that you're interfering with law enforcement when you do that. Is the technicality of just obstruction of justice. Oh, my God, his bed is Baba. Who's not even getting any, I'm job out of it. Have a great day. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm reading the Miami morning rag here at a very jackass. Got a collar, article there about you. How a disservice is to these sports idiots that they're not having the sports uppates every hour on your show. Yeah. I mean, police. You know, I mean, a very jackass is a little immature asshole. If there was anything very earthshaking and important happening in sports, it was faxed to us over here in the middle of the show. And I would put it on the ear. But the fact, and not only that, like Joe Sacky continued, we find out we had it on the ear here yesterday. Right. So, if there's anything earthshaking, I mean anybody that's that much of a fanatic that has no life whatsoever, which is very jackson by the way. I mean, this guy's pathetic. And of course, he's nothing but a shield and an asshole. No, the thing of it is, there is those fanatics who listen to this station. Because I hear him yesterday, the fucking up the Hank, these sports trolls. I mean, it's it's thickening. Get a life of people. So, don't listen to the, if you don't want to hear that. Hank is entertaining. But yeah. We can get all these people. Well, when you've got a sports station, you're going to attract a lot of those people who this is their entire life. They're incapable of thinking or talking or doing about anything else in the world. And they want to, they want to soak that up every minute of the, and those are the right. Those people are pathetic. I've said that's in today. I came on a station and very jackson is one of them. Yeah. And then because you didn't care. They didn't carry Jimmy Johnson's first conference last week. Instead of, it's a ruptu. You know, we're going to be interrupting this show for a week. No, no, I hope so. For his Johnson already, but he also is going to hear about it. Three ages to free age. These people in a spiketown, football season is over. If I hear one more talk about football about the dog is dropping. I mean, God, these people get a friggin' life already. Amen. Come down. Okay. But he's right. See, Barry Jackson. This is not a sports show. I hate to paint you a picture. I'm sure you're listening right now. You're a little pud-wacker. This isn't a sports show. It's the new Roger show, which is probably the best guide to anything that ever happened to this radio station. If I do say so myself. And the notion that we're going to be interrupting it to put Jimmy Johnson under the gun. Get a life. Okay. Take an interest. Take up a hobby. Like, a ruptu. Russian roulette would be good. Okay. There's actually worth while and get with it. But see, he feels compelled to write that because he's catering to exactly the people this guy's talking about. That's what his column is all about. Broadcast sports. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil, who's going to be the 31st draft pick for Seattle? Like, this coming summer for the Seattle roll kid with a great arm who plays for Ischbrimming High in Michigan. Absolutely correct. Yeah. Well, you know, I'm sure lots about that coming. You know, if you thought I owed D1 crazy on draft A in April of year, just wait to hear what goes on on this station when the NFL draft comes a boot. comes about. Oh, geez. Waiting on the alert. Man, I saw that cover of the Harold that we've had that crazy woman running down the highway dropping her kid 18 months old not two and a half. So that's a that's a I mean and the mother they want to give the kids to the mom. My paper here the kid is two and a half years old. Really, oh, their Harold has 18 months. Well, I guess it's a big difference whether he's 18 months or 30 months or whatever. As you're bigger the software is a little kid and she threw him out the guy damn window on the I 95. Just sad. And then, you know, the other woman that stabs the mom and from the kids. I mean, it's nuts. No, it's so well, any. And people like Barry Jackson are worried about who the dolphins are going to draft in the 30 second round. I mean, you talk this last guy that called was right on target. He said everything that I've been saying and thinking for a long time. I have no respect. I have nothing but disdain for people. Hey, you think you think so and so but on Tennessee last year. I mean, what are we talking about bidding on God damn college? Baldies get a life already for five. One minor request for my brother Mackenzie the Disco-Dish bag Piper. Have a great day, Pat. Say it's going to be the same. It's going to be the same three or four things you're that's a problem. Just play them over and over again. Well, let's just play it for a hundred times. We can do it with spots. We can do it with comedy bits. Here's Halea. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You're talking about the lady who, you know, the lady who threw the kid in the screen. Right. Well, I'm a poor life her and we're, we care about the children, you know, happen to them. He's in the church. Okay. Oh, yeah. That's right. This is the fact that the church guy is the fact that in the church. Oh, okay. When are you going to get a life man? We care about the children. We care about all the fathers. Did father O'Key did your boyfriend run away? Is that what happened? Is that why you're so psyched? Oh, cool. What did your problem with father O'Key? I don't have any even known. Okay. It's difficult. How was he? This is the, this is the fact that the church is okay. Okay. There's none. He's sick. How about the right to life? Well, but of any facts, the effectors and article in the advocate this week for according some guy from the Vatican, who says that everybody at the Vatican is a fact. You think that he's a liar? He's a liar. Okay. He's starting the church. He's probably just a fact propaganda. This is what I think. He's trying to the church. Yeah. Yeah. I do. Uh-huh. It's like you trying to hurt the Catholic church, right? I know that. See, it's on their work that way. Because they reproduce too fast. I can't slow it down. And just because you're hate to pulp. What do you mean? I hate to pulp. I love to pulp. I love the pulp. He's an old fact. He's like I am. You know what? Yes, he is on him a better dresser. Although quite frankly, I've never seen his dress. Other than that, that white smata he wears all over the place. I understand in private he wears dresses up just like a gay and Jehovah. He or she. He or she's got. My religion's better than your religion. My religion's better than yours. Well, my religion has a gay ministry and racial hate. I religion's better than yours. I religion's better than the art of the religion. I religion's better than yours. But he likes a thousand best. Thank you, honorable people who wear the dress. I religion's better than yours. Why religion's better than what religion's better than yours? Why religion's better than yours? We have no respect for women. Drive a cap to make a living. Why religion's better than yours? And I believe you have an intro on the religion's. I believe you have an religion's better than yours. To pop up us, we'll be close to we slaughtered taken doctors close to my religion's better than yours. Why religion's better than yours? Why religion's better than yours? We will be blessed to have a better than your prime religion's better than yours. Please. My religion's better than your religion's. It's my religion's better than yours. We now endorse her father's like full of brushes. You are to smile in religion's better than your life. But religion's better than yours. We wear ties and ride our bikes and getting married lives of wives. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than your religion's better than yours. We don't want to use our family's better than yours. Let's do Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. How are you today sir? Very well. I just wanted to take the time and see it for how maybe you permit me to speak. I'm about a pastor of a local church. And I hear your program on a regular basis. Yes sir. I can't say that I'm critical of your point of view. The only thing that I don't understand about you is your atheistic. My what is it? I believe you're an atheist. Correct? Yes. God forbid. Okay. Meaning that you don't believe in God. What's what? Of course not. Okay. What kind of watch do you wear around your wrist? What kind of watch do I wear around my lip wrist? Well, hey, the first example. Rolex watch. No, I don't wear a Rolex. Okay. Well, let's just say I take a Rolex. And I put in a front of you and I tell you that that Rolex happened by itself that he just created itself. Wouldn't you say that I'm a ignorant person for thinking that that Rolex happened by itself? Sir, you know something I wouldn't give a crap. You're not. You don't worry about how it's panic. No, I absolutely do not because I know that we don't know the answers. We don't even know answers to things that happened a few years ago or a few months ago. We don't even know if Monica Lovensky was even given blow jobs to the president. And you're trying to get me to believe a bunch of bull by mice that were written by primitive people thousands of years ago. See, if I did care about those questions, see, long time ago, I said to myself, we don't know and we're never going to know and that's the end of it. I'm not going to waste my life. Let's need a bunch of fairy tales that are being spread by other people for purpose, for like taking over your mind and your money. What happens when we dive in? You go right into the ground, just like just like fight, it'll go into the ground. Just like the cockroach goes into the ground. You go a dusted dusted, etc. And so on. That's it. I mean, I mean, are you really afraid of death? It's not a matter of being afraid of death because sure it is. No, listen, religion is about two things. Two of death and money. That's the only thing that really knows about. What are you are absolutely right? Right? You don't need religion. What you need is a relationship with God. Look at there is no God. So there's no such thing as God is religion. That's a good way from that word. Well, yeah, I'm not going to play semadical games with you. So there is no God. And if you believe in a God that the Jews invented or the Goi invented or the okay, there's been thousands of God through the years. Every culture is invented, their own God. The Aztecs with a some God. Everybody had God and you know something. It's all just a bunch of double talk. That's all. But if it helps you to hang on to that, I don't want to deny you that. But I'm certainly not going to be done in the opinion to the right to the right to the right. I have the opinion. I respect your opinion. And I like I say, I hear your program and I am critical of your point of use. But now there's certain explanations that are logical. So then there's only two things either evolution or I want to ask you this question. Okay, this lady that tour kid out of the car yesterday. All right. Are you listening to me? Yes, I am. So Tom Hussain is making chemical biological weapons over in Iraq, right? Are you listening to me? Okay, we have El Nino, which is causing flooding and all these road test things happening and people dying, right? Right. Now, God is omnipotent. How come all of this is going on? There's also Satan. Oh, Satan. And more than he come from who invented him? Who invented him? But aren't you? Who invented Satan who created him? Well, Satan said, I want to hear you. Yeah. I'm listening. God created him a perfect angel. Yeah. See, here we go again. He created him as a perfect angel. Obviously, not. I thought that we thought that was JT snow and then they traded it in the giants. He was a perfect angel. Well, how do you explain? See, if something is perfect by definition, it's just like God, he's omnipotent and he's perfect. But he keeps screwing up all the time. And we have leprosy and we have cancer and we have bubonic plague. And we have AIDS and we have all of these other diseases. We got this new disease that we're talking about every time you turn around, there's another new disease that affects the brain and eats the brain away. Every time you turn around, there's another new disease. And it's Satan. That's what he's asking for more on to say stuff like that. God is great. But Satan, see if Satan, if God is omnipotent, all he's got to do is get rid of Satan. That's all. Hey, you're gone. Like that. Like he snapped his fingers and he created the universe. He also snapped his fingers. Satan's gone. Let's have peace and tranquility. You live 300 years of peace. We don't have all of these problems. We don't have wars, man is perfect. Doesn't have free choice. But then there won't be anyone to test us. Oh yeah, we have to be tested. Like Abraham, go kill your kids. I was just kidding. Psych, yeah, just just just testing you. Just checking out to see what kind of a good you really were Abraham and by the way, I want kidding. Circumcised who you can ashril was. Yeah, ishmile. Ishmendric. C'mendric was circumcised. Okay, ishmile. All of this, these bubble mice, he's my god. It's just it boggles my mind. But you know, something I don't waste a lot of time thinking about it because I realize, especially the one good thing that's happened to me doing this kind of work and doing the show every day is I realize how weak most people are. Most people are such sheep. Like these people we have sitting on hold and somebody says something while around hold and that they can hear and then we punch them up on here and they repeat it like a god damn parent like a minor bird because their minds are so weak. They don't have an original thought in their brain if you could find it. But thank you for your concern. Always religious notes. They're afraid of saying three little words that make it very easy. And then we start asking all of these questions for which we don't have any answers. All you have to do is say, I don't know. There you go. And people can't say that and they're never had been able to say that. So since the beginning we recorded time, everybody says, oh well, how do we get here? And then okay, we don't really know, but we'll make up an answer. Instead of just saying, I don't have any freaking idea. Let's make up an answer. Let's make up some fairy tales. I was reasonable to me and you know something they could have done a better job. They could have made up some, I mean like the Virgin Mary on the side of a bank building in Pensacola where I mean, come on. Other cultures did do a better job. The Virgin Mary on a Totina pizza at what's your name's house? Rosie, Rosie Ricardo, whatever her name is in Hollywood. Lopez. Oh, Rosie Lopez. I forgot all about her. She's small potatoes. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, you know, I just wanted to say I'm really enjoying your show today, but I had a comment to make. Okay. Isn't it true that a homosexuals aren't supposed to do anything good? What does that mean? I'm just asking. It's that there isn't why you don't believe me. No, it has nothing to do with anybody's sexual orientation or anything like that. It has to do with not believing in fairy tales. So here's the little considerate fairy tale. Here. That's why I said fairy tale. Here's another example of a call of just like the other the who the other call before with this. Oh, yes, sure. Sure. I'm fine. Same thing. Same thing. I really enjoy your show, but and now you want to take a little shot. Oh, I'm from the as negativity on the other hand. We got from them. Let me ask for this. Why do you want to listen to the show then? Because it's me off. I was listening to the show, but you know this time because it because it was. But then time, you know, you really don't know. Let me ask you in. Why do you? I'm not in a negativity. Yeah. Okay. Then go find something positive. Go find yourself a good vibrator. That's real. And make sure it's on positive. See, this you're not pulling anybody's sweetheart. You're not pulling anybody for a second. If somebody says something that makes sense and challenges all this garbage that's in your brain that you can't get rid of. Then right away, you have to do it because you're a faggot. It's because you're this. It's because you're bald and old and you're Jewish. Whatever it is. And she just can't handle it. She can't deal with it. Well, sweetheart, if you want to believe that there are the little green men on Mars and on the moon and on the cockamol, whatever you want, it's a free country or way to hit and just be a bozo the rest of you life. Because that's what nothing negative about reality. Well, it's pretty ugly. But nevertheless, if you can cope with it unless you were a weekly in which case you need religion. And obviously, you do. It's like there are a lot of self-hating religious facts. Oh, no, no, a question about that. That's why the Catholics have that dignity thing. So that they can go there and pretend that the church loves them, etc. And so on, even if the church, of course, the Catholic church is just loaded. Nothing but fags in the church. Just read anything you want about the Vatican. There's no fact in the church. Like I said, make no mistake about it. You show me a guy in a dress and I'll show you a faggot or a guy who likes to dress up or both. Under Johnny Bench liked to dress up. Here's Campbell. Hello. Yeah, yes, sir. The Rick here. How you doing Neil? Okay. Listen, I know everybody looks up to you all the other talks are toasts. But I don't get it. I don't get it. You know, don't take this wrong. But how can you, you know, mix sports with real topics? You ought to just stick to sports. Sir, let me say it again. This is the Neil Rogers Show. It's not a sports show. Yeah, but the bodily function jokes. Who are you feeling to nine year old boys? Yes. What's the nine year old girls? Yeah. What's the deal with? And so in other words, you're listening, but you don't like to show it. That would you tell me again, sir? You're not going to ever listen to it. You're not going to be a people who's calling to tell me how to do this show. But for some reason, which you refuse to explain, you're listening to it. Why are you listening? Why are you listening? How good then go out and play some sports. Okay. Go play pocket pool. You're not our face. Another one. Unwrestened. Huh? Another definitive QAM asshole. But thank you very much for listening to the show. I sit and I listen to the assholes that call it on the sports shows on this radio station. And I wonder to myself, what kind of morons are these people? A one about the Bobby Schmendrick on the Viking who cares about Bobby Schmendrick and the Vikings for Christ's. It's the 24th of February. Who gives a crack? And even if it was the middle of August who would give a crack? So I'm not mixing anything with anything. Let me say it again. It's the Neil Rogers show. And if you don't like it, go find someplace else to a sit your fat ass. Okay? Pathetic. We got all these instant program directors out there. Why not come over here, pal? You'll get hired because you know nothing about the business, obviously, which is the main qualification for getting hired in programming here. Here's Boca. Hello. Neil, how are you doing? Great. When you go to the movies, you know, like a movie's what do you do? You leave. So for the last car, if you don't like to show. Yeah. It's the town. But they don't understand. They never do it. I've got 50 billion people out there. They were closet listeners who pretended that they hate the show. They hate me. It's disgusting. It's juvenile. It's whatever it is. And they're listening. There's a guy that's almost an hour into the show. And he's still listening. You know, one thing about this professor who who commented about Miami and you know, Miami is pretty much like you said an armpit. It's an anniversary public. It's a toilet. It's a joke. You know what? No, it annoys people. You have channel six or any report on a student and I racked at speaking English. He's studying to be a guy. Are you going to start with this again, sir? Are you going to have to be a kind of with his bilingual stuff again, sir? People coming on this. Oh, God. I hear take a leak. God, can you believe this? People that start that crap with me. He's like the other guy. Because you know, you're not going to be on here more than like two seconds. One, two start that crap. You broke your little twerp. He saw a guy in Iraq, Spigget English. Well, let me tell you something. You go over to Baghdad and either stay there or try functioning in English and Baghdad. Okay? I go to Rome eight million times a year, which is a hell of a lot more civilized than educated than Baghdad will ever be. And there are aside from people who came from this country or some very educated people who work in the service business. Nobody speak it in English over there. No, what I expect them to. But what the hell difference does it make you function based on like living and whatever the conditions are around you? And these people are want to keep banging away and banging away and banging away. I'll tell you that living and breathing Hispanics in this town, all speaking, which made me so better than this guy does. And he wants to waste his time with these or of fart sitting in Domino Park who refused to speak English. I have no room in my life for those people. Those are the very same people that are threatening everybody and this professor from FIU because you express to the opinion that they don't like because they don't understand what freedom of speech is all about. They've been here for 40 years almost now and they still don't understand anything about this government and they never will until they croak. And they're very embarrassing for the rest of this. Well, there you go. But this guy wants call Sandy Peyton, okay, sir. Maybe you can find her skinny ass somewhere on a radio dial. Call her up and she'll talk about it for the next 55 hours nonstop. It's boring. He's he's he's worse than the guy's the call the sports shows and believe me, they're terminal 90 percent of those colors. I wouldn't give you a nickel for their pathetic. I mean, you talk about narrow casting. They're talking about stuff that appeals to such a mind. A minister will number of people who cares about that crap about some 15-year-old kid that's playing high school volleyball and peering Illinois somewhere who's got a really big left foot or whatever their hell he's got. God, here's Miami Springs, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil, good morning. I don't I don't know either agree with everything you say, but you know, many times. Well, because each one of us are different. That's right. Very good. Excellent. Well, and I don't expect a bunch of lemons out there. No, exactly. I'd like to answer really thoughtful of people. Yeah. Well, yeah, I've got glad. You know, you you've cut my chain of thought, but it's fine. That's yeah. Yeah, as far as the fish roots concerned, we'll get the remember is Boko burgers. Right. Same thing happened. Yeah. Inortal bites. Well, Dr. Rackens died. Yeah, exactly. What's things that you believe in? And I think you've got the power baby. That's what this shows all about. It's got the power. Not just sitting here and clapping my guns for four hours, but actually being able to motivate people and having some credibility, that's what they show us all about. Anybody can sit down here read ball scores for four hours. Yeah. But changing the gears a bit because what spurred me to cause when I switched it on and I heard you talking about the professor, actually he's very at ease what we have to admire. You know, some of us can turn more about the substance. The style comes afterwards, but we have a group of people that are more interested in appearances. And all they care about is appearances, and that's what's important. And it's not. But it's important is doing the right thing. And then that by itself, you're going to have the appearances come back later. It serves no purpose to have a bunch of crook here and mami date. So the fact that these old Cubans down there, Miami are defending Xavier Suarez. And what goes on politically in the city of Miami is so incomprehensible. It shows you how intractable and hopeless they are. And that's why we should just forget about them and just sit them all in Domino Park. And let them just eat their coffee, Cubano and Tilei, they're getting testins, and just get them out of here already. Well, most of them are dying off. And then we'll try to see the new generation. Right. And in regards to, you know, because you have people talking about bilingualism, but really I hate to sound feel good, but when makes this country great and why this country to take a leadership role around the world is essentially, you name the group and there's a significant group of those people here that live here. You know, it doesn't matter whether it's from Pakistan or from Cuba or from Iran or from Iraq. They could be from anywhere and you will find that nationality melting in here. And that's what makes this country what it is, a lot of people. Well, that mess, yes, but also have a little bit of the moral responsibility to be able to intervene and say, well, you know, we understand. You know, in the long run, I think it's a lot better that way than to try to consider this country something homogenous. Well, this guy wants everybody to be just like him. No, no, in diversity, this strength. Okay. All right. Well said, have a great day, pal. Even though it's not working here, but we're trying to, we're trying to, like I was talking on the table about Toronto yesterday, heard that, or they have tremendous diversity and people get along and nobody's not going to try to go about bilingualism. Then you go over to Montreal and Quebec. There's another example of what happens when they start with this bilingual crap. Two cities, not that far apart, same country. One of them works magnificently well. Great city. Other one, a zoo, a circus. People are fleeing from there because of the frogs. This story of that they got two faches on this from Bartow, which I thought was mildly amusing. But now that I read into it, this guy named Johnny Larmor, he said beside US 98 holding a speed trap ahead sign, passing motorists, they're thanks, mild and wave, but the deputies were not pleased. The deputies, those working at what police call a traffic speed enforcement area gave them a parking ticket hand cup and took them to a mental health crisis center and confiscated a sign. A cheap homemade sign, the deputies said it was evidence. Polk Sheriff's Colonel, Grady Judd agreed with Larmor and said, Larmor 48 is welcome to a sign back. Hindsight is perfect, said the Colonel, but what we should have done is pit pull up stakes and move on down the road. Mr. Larmor was doing our job for us, which was to slow down people to the speed limit. See, that's where the whole thing comes in. Are you really there to get people to slow down or are you just there to write tickets? That's the real question. Now does anybody believe that these speed traps are set up to slow us down and make us be good obedient, right? They're there to write tickets is what they are. And so they were forced to unhant cup and unreleased his sign and set him on his merry way. After they handled this poor guy who was just because it was a road out of the middle of nowhere. And he thought it was like pretty irregular ridiculous that there were set up a speed trap out of the middle of nowhere. Like on how you just rode with a speed limit is like two miles an hour. And I'm going to say again, you people out there that are too stupid to realize when the a porters are out there in heat and there are speed traps every five yards. If you don't want to slow down and just go around that WDL align and get yourself a double ticket for speeding and for going on the other side of a WL align and hate his road. You idiots you. I'll never forget as long as I live that Jack has son of a Friday and his little girl in the back seat pulls around me passes me on the wrong side of the WL align and she turns around to give me a look that would kill ugly little bitch because I'm not going fast enough to suit their fancy in my beautiful Corvette. Well, two damn bad. Okay. I hope you want to get an 8,000 speeding ticket. You jackass? Probably was a kidnapping. Here's Martin B. Chillow. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? I'm trying to call you for quite some time. I don't think the educate your audience a little bit. I will please officer up here of Palm Beach County and you guys got a wrong. There's no quotas. Traffic is very, very small percentage of what we do on a daily basis. The reason why we target certain streets is because we have a lot of old people with influential people that run a city. They want us there to slow people down. But you're right. A lot of times when people hide, I disagree with that theory as part of traffic control. If you want to slow people down, you sit right out of the snow or road. But the light. But the people I'm talking about like in plantation, they really don't want to slow people down. They just want to write business. Well, if they want to slow people down, they'd be sitting out there and how you just 24 hours a day and these people that are tailgating and trying to force you to go like 20 miles over the speed limit, those would be the people getting the tickets and they're getting on my nerves. Well, they do. But the city is going to be a very small percentage of the revenue from tickets as well. You know, you hear these people talking about how come all the people that are driving all the bad vehicles out there with the ball tires and no breaks? How come those people really get stopped? How about the people that are driving 20 miles out of the speed limit, the left panel, how come somebody doesn't pull them over? I've never heard a statement. 25 years, I have never seen anybody that was driving slow and irresponsible to get pulled over. Never. That is a statute actually. Well, you know, of course it is. Well, why aren't they aren't they getting pulled over? I can't speak for all the other officers. But I mean, speeding is the rarest thing that people find out about the stuff someone's heard. You know, a spy registration or bat vehicle, whatever you want to do. But still traffic is very small percentage of what we do. Very large majority officers get out and they really bus for asked to make the city safe and so on and so forth. And that's what people really respect up professionally and more and I thought I'd call them to be another. Well, because most of the cops we hear from like that arrogant Jack asked to call me, which you go Friday, that would give me a lecture and the given everybody also lecture and the, it just was up noxious. That's all. Tell us that we want to make up to the allows us we go along. Well, that's different everybody. I'll go to the school for myself. Well, thank God for your sir. Have a great day. Thank you. There's a real cop with a, you know, a real reasonable attitude. And like I've said before, there may be 20, 30% of the cops that got that attitude and there's about 30 or 40% of between or we're going to kind of jaded because police weren't in turn out to be what they thought it was going to be. And then there's 20 or 30% on the other end of it just about your assholes who are just out there to hassle a public. Your hair was too long. You're too young. We don't like the way you look. Whatever it is. You're too dark. You're too light. So the speak. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. You're too light. Look at this name. Where they come around. surfing the gorgeous planet. Unmothers. You are too dark. Look around that marked the room. Let's go youigos. Read it out. Your eyes are built and edged. It's like a Pizza crap out of your kid. You're doing a lot of meat now. You're a kid of rubbish. It's not a good job. I don't just get paid. You take a sacrifice. You get the shine of the crown. We got this grotesque story which this newspaper, this I'm going to think I may have to get to hear all the good. This son said no seriously. I'm looking forward because they had it on the CBS evening news last night. In fact, Dan Rather had a really sour push and they showed El Presidente on air who said very briefly. Outrages. He said there is no excuse for this and they showed him saying that. That's all he said. And of course in his case lately the less said the better anyway. But in any way, the story being US students, Lag and Math and Science, American high school senior scored the lowest students from Most other countries in an international test of math and science according to test release a results released on Tuesday. And this doesn't include Asia by the way. Now Asians, you know like Jackson, the other groups to the Chinks, they're always like way up there on top. But they were not part of the survey. In spite of that, we came in 19th out of 21. The only countries we beat out were Cyprus and South Africa. How do you like that? Even though it's not listening to this, even those Americans who took tough physics and advanced math courses performed worse than most students taking equally rigorous courses elsewhere, according to the Turned International Mathematics and Science study. Although students from 21 countries took the test of general math and science knowledge for the end of 1995 school year, American scored below the International average. 19th out of 21. And I wish I had the entire list of all I was like all the European countries in Canada and like any place you can think of, except Cyprus and South Africa. Oh my god. But I guarantee everyone of those students could tell you who Michael Jordan is in Mike Tyson. This ties in with what I was saying yesterday. There's nothing wrong with knowing who those people are, but it's a disproportionate set of values in this country. And that is that being intelligent, being anything other than just stupid and just going along with a crowd and being a moron, that's what it's all about in America. That's exactly, and the positively, what Americans society is all about. Just like there are people stupid enough to believe that this asshole from the UN is telling it. No, I saw the competency that when you're talking about that guy you infuriated by. I saw the one last night again this morning where he says, We can do business with Saddam Hussein. That was where his exact words. This asshole from the UN. The third world moron from the UN. We can do business with Saddam Hussein. That's like, that sounds like Neville Chamberlain all over again to me. We can do business with Adolf. He makes great the meat season to make your meat real tender. That's what it sounds like to me. And in newsweek, I just got into the newsweek yesterday and it shows the all of the missiles you know, that obviously his blood sugar is like 800 at this point. Out of control, I did go to publics last night since that guy was nice enough to call in yesterday. And did get a pint of fish food. And very seriously, sneak in and out. Got about four or five items was out of there without being identified. Sneak back into the house, put my fish food open. You see open a little bit so it doesn't burst in your microwave of course. Little air out like just a like that. Just a little crack. And then you pop that baby in a microwave for 35, 37 seconds. And then by the time you got, you know, ready to sit down. You got your soda there to wash it down. You come back and it's all ready to go. And it's tempered to a nice soft consistency. And you stick your spoon in there and the first spoonful of course. Is going to have that only that real thick chocolate marshmallow real real super rich stuff. And it's also guaranteed going to have some of those little tiny, super dark chunks of chocolate in the shapes a little fish. So you can have a great smile on your pussy and become born again at the same time as you're popping that in your pussy. Speaking of born again, by the way, did bring in my Charles Temple and book farewell to God. Which evidently, we must have somebody listening about there this time. Because evidently, we got a lot more response on that just from my talking about around the tape from all the old. I would de-tape on Monday that we did back when I was talking about it live. Everybody there, brother, wants his guy damn book and unfortunately it's a Canadian book. And I'll give the number up. I don't know if you're going to have any success because it may actually be banned in this country because it's so honest. There's nothing ball that controversial about it. Up in the fact that he says religions a bunch of crap and he used to be a minister and used to be Billy Graham's best friend. And talks about what a phony he is, which we all know. But I do have a thing I'm going to read from there a little while because I figured in fact maybe I'll just read the whole book on here. I'll just do it like not like Mark Shienba. I'll just do it a few sentences at a time as opposed to putting everybody into a coma. In my usual sneaky way of getting that stuff out. Here's my me late sell out. Oh yeah, no my friend. Yes sir. You know what I'm saying? It's not that despised. Real downfall of the society has to follow on all of the high needs of control in the media. Oh the high needs are controlling you. Great. Thank you very much Louis. Louis Furker and do it a voice. The high needs are controlling the media. How do you like that? I didn't know the media was in charge of our educational system. Of course the media brainwashing the public. That's right. They're maybe brainwashing them. The name of the book is farewell to God. The author is Charles Teppelin. Unfortunately it's published by M and S publishing because this guy is a Canadian A by McClullum and Stewart in Toronto. And it's not available in the US, which is a very I don't understand why that is. Why the hell should this book not be available in the US? Damn it. But I will give you the number to call it's an expensive book. It's 30 bucks. It's a hardcover book. And it's well worth it because it's probably the most best investment anybody will make if they want to. If they want to immediately have not sooner have all the arguments that they're looking for. Although really we shouldn't have to argue because if you tell me there's a God. It's not in cover to about me to prove that there isn't. That's always a logic in reverse that the religious use. There's a little there's a little green monster on the ceiling there. Oh yeah. Well prove that there isn't. Wow. I don't see it. Well. Yeah. Anyway, on the chapter called the God myth and this is very brief but it's you know, just pick little passages from this. It's very well worth hearing. And Charles Temple I'll let me give the phone number first. It's area code 905. 713 3852. And you have to talk to the order department. There's a book number but it's just too many numbers. 905. 713 3852. Ordered department that aim at the book is very well to go. And the author is Charles Templeton who says. Christians are a small minority in the world approximately four of every five people on the face of the earth believe in God other than the Christian God. The more than five billion people live on earth, reviewer or worship more than 300 gods. If one includes the animist or travel religions, the number rises to more than 3000. Are we to believe that only Christians are right? Christians need to remember that their beliefs came from the Jews. They inherited the concept of God from Israel and expanded to include the worship of Jesus of Nazareth as God. And the practice most used regardless blasphemy. In New Testament times the Jews were a relatively small group of Semitic people living mostly in a forbidding land at the eastern end of the Mediterranean. It was there belief that their God was the only true God and that the gods worshiped by their neighbors were all false. Christians having superimposed on Judaism the Christian faith had the temerity to insist that there is only one God. There is and that the God of every other people on earth are spurious. The apostle Paul stated bluntly in a letter he wrote to the Christian community at a thesis. There is no other name under heaven given among men by which you may be saved for there is salvation in no other. Such in sufferable presumption and consider the implications. Paul is asserting that anyone in the world who does not worship his God is damn forever. But let comments sense rule for a moment. It is reasonable to believe that if the creator of all earth and the father of all mankind wanted to reveal himself and his well to the men and woman of the world, he would do so only to a tiny group of men and to reenigrant people, leaving the remainder of the world in ignorance. But many Christians do believe in takes this. They believe that apart from their God all men and women of impagant darkness, indeed it is this conviction that provides the motivation for Christians and their efforts to get the gospel message out. Even more incredibly, Christians believe that the failure to accept Jesus Christ is saved your Lord as to be consigned to death and an endless hell. The implication of this belief is clear. It is that the vast majority of the men and women and children who have lived on earth are in hell suffering endless torment and will remain in this condition forever. To believe this is to make the Christian God a monster beyond imagining any intelligent human being will recognize that the concept is incredible. Incredible. Yet it is the care teaching of the New Testament and a quote from that chapter by and of course this guy was a was a Christian minister for 19 years. And to why don't good buddy of Billy Graham who says this full of crap and finally came to his own conclusions and left the church and is got a brain now and thanks for himself and has written the fantastic book. And he bunks very simply and very directly and very easily and very accurately all of this garbage all of this kaka with the gods with their the Jews with their god and the Graham with their god and this one and the mussels it's all a bunch of a loaning. And of course in this country where we got all these religious fanatics running around trying to stick superstition and gobbledy go into the school system. If we had as many people running around trying to teach you a learning something in the school system we might have people in IQ bigger than their fingernails who would not be asking you no questions. Let's go to a mobile in candle. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, how you doing? I'm weak and weak my voice is weak like I'm a man. Yeah, I can tell you need to be talking about that quote. Yeah, the quote is going away. It's just this audience. I'm weak and more now. Sorry to hear that. I'm burned out for mass holes. I've been listening to you for a while and I haven't heard you kiss nobody's ass. Yeah, I don't. I'm not an ass kisser. Yeah, I don't know. Look, if I had a player on here and he's playing great. I would say you're doing a great job, okay, but I'm not going to kiss somebody's ass just because they're on a certain team. Yeah, what the point is I do you. But not only that, we got so many other ass kisses in this town with L. I need to kiss ass for you. All right. You know, I think I am a hockey fan. I play the sport every week, practically. Yeah. And and regardless, they're not doing good. Oh, well, they're not doing good. But what is wrong with these people in this town? What has happened to this to the audience? What has happened to the people are supposedly support this team? They have not they have locked y'all now? They have nothing to say. I'm going to tell you something after today. I will never mention the H word on this show again. Ever. Oh, you got a lot of people that love the H word. Well, that's not the same word. Have a great day, pal. All these hockey calls on playing is my blank stuff and Bob Cole and Bill Hewitt. What's one of my ways in my time for here? And I think there are people I know of course, then the rimman, you know, people up down shows. Yeah, the people the only calls we used to get off the road road. We get 10 million calls screaming and yelling to play and he get this crap off the year. And the only calls we never get are people wanted to free me. They stopped. That's right. That those shows were an abortion because the only thing people wanted to use the away free tickets, panther t-shirts and just like the assholes and the stands when they're throwing those t-shirts up. But it's not only little kids that get hyper ventilating, even the adult of the arena. Hey, I want it. They're like killing each other for stupid guy dentes shirt. That's the epitome of the excitement in the arena. Please don't tell me it's because the players are sticking to the, I mean, a lot of those guys are trying. They may not be all that good. But a lot of those guys at least are going out there and giving them a shot. And compared to the first two years, which believed me, I remember that like it was yesterday. On our most co-letto stays were great compared to that Roger Nielsen garbage they were planned. Roger who? Value old coach. Oh my god. I'm serious. I'm doing a show in Sanskrit. I'm in the middle of Siberia and I'm doing a god name show in Sanskrit and these people are like Greek. They're Greek. Breakfast, oh, that's it. And like I said, after they never they, the hockey word you'll never hear another breath about it. Those people at two in the year about that on the show, find a new home. Maybe you won't find anybody else in this town talking about it. And for good reason too, because even if they knew something about it, they'd be spinning their wheels. They'd be wasting their time. So we can't ever go back home and be a cry. All right, all done, see. We'll not you and your life. We can't stop by the fire, our sights and retreats are good. We can't stop by the fire, our sights and retreats are good. We can't stop by the fire, our sights and retreats are good. We can't stop by the fire, our sights and retreats are good. We can't stop by the fire, our sights and retreats are good. Take a boost, street my ass. Does this tell you what's wrong with the world today? And others, poor Canadians, man, those poor bastards, they lost their gold medal because this gabriati guy, the scoop ball, tested positive for pot. Now pot stays in your system for like a month, three to four weeks. Okay? Now I think the whole thing is ridiculous at best because certainly marriage, you win, he is not a performance enhancing drug by any stretch of the imagination. No way Jose unless you're unless the contest is an eating contest then you got an edge or a watching TV content. Right, but other than that, I mean, if anything, it would be a performance dulling. So maybe three four weeks, this guy is so stupid that he smoked some weed back in Canada, which of course is very common place to say the worst. Extremely common place, like out on young street and church street all over Toronto, and I'm sure in Vancouver, even in Moestra, wherever this guy is from. He's probably from Whistler BC or someplace like that. Oh yeah, he is from Kitchener and the medicine hat and Whistler A. What a silly bunch of people. I mean, love a Toronto, but what a silly bunch of people. And then right, so he's so stupid, you know, these guys practice their whole lives to do the silly crap and go over there because it's such an honor, it's such a big deal, and the smoke and dope like three or four weeks before they go over there. So on the one hand, naturally it's stupid and just like now there's an article in the Sun Sentinel, which hasn't learned about that yet, I guess because they're sleeping. But pot testing gained support for the NBA and some of the NBA biggest star is favor-mended to retesting players from marijuana, breaking ranks for the players union. And it goes on about Chris Weber and I say, a writer in this one, and that one, then the peekaboo street, and it's set of and so on. Joe says that the guy says that he got it from secondhand smoke. I just going away party. Secondhand smoke. They're like, sounds like Bill Clinton now. We're kind of like a secondhand blow job. That's going to be the newest excuse after today after the Grand jury testimony. It was the secondhand job. Oh, sorry. Can't say that. How your idea was more than a secondhand job, or let anyway. I wanted it. Hey, you done it for Capriotti here, and when I'm at the left and ball from the court, Don't knock my hand. And I get my best hip, off the Jennifer Capriotti, headed for Fall Can Bond. That's right, it's the Jennifer Capriotti, tennis ball can't fall. Cops will never suspect it, it's been looking can't. Just empty the ball, screw on the ball, filling with water, and yours, that to destroy brain cells, the Jennifer Capriotti way. Oh, this is so smooth. It's the bonnet, things that tennis ball can't. It's the bonnet, things that tennis ball can't. It's tennis ball can't, that things that football can't. Proceeds benefit the Jennifer Capriotti, leave us a bet, but normal approved. Okay, so that big goofy David Robinson, all star center of the San Antonio Express, we should be tested. We should all be tested. It's an old brainer, meaning merge, but you're winning. And I said, you David Robinson, you're an asshole. Okay, and a goodie too, shoes in the phony. Why is it anybody's business? Unless it affects somebody's performance, why is it anybody's business in any profession? All is mandatory drug testing, all these different jobs now. It's nothing more than a goddamn witch hunt, and it's nobody's business if you're smoking weed. Well, it's illegal. So are a lot of positions in sex too, okay? But that doesn't mean that it's anybody's goddamn business. Oh, it's picking up positions in sex. I'm at Mommy's house. I'm going to have to start taking notes. Every week she comes up with another classic. Now she's decided that probably the president must be gay. And I said, why would you say that with all these women that he's doing? Oh, but he likes oral sex. Forget notes, you need to rotate. Oh my god, talk about out of touch with reality. Talk about from a very distant generation of the long, long past. And I try to explain to her, Ma, all men like oral sex. And of course, she just went on to her next topic. Well, that explains why your dad's so early. You really want to get me started, don't you? Even Monica Lewinsky wouldn't do that, okay? For a lover money, trust me when I tell you. The thought is so grotesque. The thought of that is so puked inducing that I can't even begin to tell you, oh my god. So no wonder Ma's got an version to it. I think he did make a good point, but in reverse. But in any way, the president's a faggot, okay, because he likes oral sex. So that goes back to the survey we took last week, which most of you lied about, by the way, but there you are. Ma thinks the president's a faggot because he likes oral as moral. But in any break it in back to this week business, it's nobody's goddamn business. And unless it affects your performance at the office, on the plain seal, the bit some stupid goddamn sport in the snowboard, whatever the hell is guy is riding over there. This poor Canadian bastard, this capricot, it gabriati, whatever this guy's name is, he ain't no peekable street, I'll take it that. They got split in, they got a curler, a woman curler from Canada. Her name is Sandor Schmerler. Sandor, I swear to God. We laughed so hard last night. I thought I was going to pee in my pants when I heard on the CBC. They were talking about Sandor Schmerler, the woman curler, and she's from Whistler, Wheeze, or something on the F-flaves. Oh my God. Oh. And you people are taking this seriously. Any of you? Oh man. Sandor Schmerler, the lady curler from Whistler, Wheeze. But she ain't got nothing on peekable street, I'll take it that. Who is almost as good as I, I'd be hip, or whatever that cool name was, that basketball player from Maryland, or Virginia, whoever the hell you play for. Nobody cares about whether Jax or anybody else is smoking weed, because all this audience is, and they're sick and tired of being drug tested. Like this is some kind of a, like a police state. Oh, it is. Sorry. I'm telling you that for years, it's a goddamn police state. They're going to give you a drug test because you're going to work in Walgreens or something. They're going to give you a drug test to be sitting behind a desk somewhere, because you're the executive vice president of a bank. That's got like 75 customers in the Poccipsy New York. They're going to give you a drug test based on what? That's like the freaking ward police. We got up there at the F-C-C. The Congress gets together, Jesse Holmes and all these other Nazis, and they get together with these old, prudish farts, and they just make up a list when you can't say this. Yeah, based on what? Well, we said so. Oh, that's great. That sounds like the American way to me. That sounds exactly like what the founding fathers had in mind. Founding fathers, who the hell were they? And what's their score in your Olympic? They grew hemp. The founding fathers. Yeah, they were smoking the rope, is what they were doing. And they were also doing the slaves, the slave women. But we don't want to talk about that, because that's a, that'd be bad. Let's go second hand. We've heard of the dangers of second hand cigarette smoke. Now we got the dangers of second hand marriage. We need smoke. But it gets you to squallified and lose your metal baby. And they'll stick your ass out there on Peacaboo Street. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. First, I think, actually, I did take from Maryland for a year. I think so. But who cares? Yeah, there's a, about the drug testing thing. Yeah. What are you drawing? Where do you draw the line? You say it's okay that they smoke marijuana and they... That's why it's rather the line. marijuana is not a, it doesn't affect somebody's performance. It doesn't, it doesn't enhance their performance. And people are like, I just said a minute ago, I'm going to go on stealing money and robbing banks and seven, elevens and gas stations to get money to support a marijuana habit. It's ridiculous. So that's, that's your reasoning for not testing it because of why they, they smoke marijuana. What is your reason that you should test for marijuana? Well, I'm not saying that they really should. I don't think if, if they're going to test for one, they should test for all. I don't think they should draw one. How much of a thing can I call it? How much they test for nicotine to see if you're smoking cigarettes? The cigarettes are illegal. Well, what difference isn't make whether it's legal or illegal? Like I said before, in the state of Florida, any sex other than missionary position, man and woman is illegal, okay? So should we arrest everybody? Or should we really go into people's bedrooms and find out if anybody's doing it in the wrong position? No, I don't, I don't agree with you. So I thought, David, does it make if we have a lot of our care stupid laws? Who's business is it if it doesn't affect anything or change anything? What difference does it make? Well, then it looks like the problem is actually with the law, not that they're testing for marijuana. I mean, I agree, I think that they should, I think that they should test for marijuana there. And I think that they should test for marijuana in the NBA. Based on what? Based on, I don't, because I think that the jobs get away with as much crap as they, as they possibly, they get away with too much. So, another way should only only only only, only, only, only, wait, only, only, juxtmoke marijuana. Is that what you're saying, sir? No, but that's what we're talking about here is where the testing is done. You brought up that they're testing in the NBA. They've tested in all, look, it, you know, as well as I do that. If you go to apply for a job in a lot of companies in this country, not just sports in any kind of endeavor, government job, they have random drug testing, you know that? I hope. And based on what, what is it there business if you're smoking pot? I don't know, maybe they're afraid of a, you're job performance, maybe? I'm not really sure. I can't really, I can't really tell you why they do it. I'm just saying that if they're going to test for marijuana, how is that going to affect your job performance? Well, did you talk, well, you mean if you smoke marijuana in the night before? Yeah, exactly. Listen, I'm not giving you an answer for why they do it. I said that. But we're having a discussion. I'm not asking you to justify it, but what, how is the smoking weed going to affect your job performance? I'm not saying it will. I don't feel that much, so what's the point? Well, like I said, I think it's because they're going to test for one. They're going to test for all. I don't think that if you say, okay, well, hey, it's okay if you go in smoke marijuana. We're going to test you off for cocaine. Son of a, you're not taking a different speech between hard drugs in marijuana. We're going to see, okay, get an influencer and call me back. I'd be delighted to be with you with your phone blows. This guy doesn't see a difference between cocaine, which is a highly addictive substance, which affects people's personality in behavior. And in many cases, causes them to become dangerous. That is correct. Trust me when I tell you, I have known people who become totally changed. Personality change are unfrustworthy. Those people most of you don't want working for you. If they're really addicted to cocaine, if they have a serious crack problem or any other kind of a co-problem or heroin. First of all, the night they had some broad on their one of the, one of the tabloid shows last night. The night before he croaked, how much heroin after heroin and coke and fish food, whatever else he was doing altogether. And vodka on top of it. Just to make sure to wash it down. You got to wash it down with some good vodka. That's right. That's what Boris said. Bad enough. It wasn't bad enough that he was doing a heroin by his doing coke too. So he's dead Chris Farley there you go. But I mean, this, this guy comparing, I mean, oh, yeah, they're getting away with enough as it is. Who cares about that? Why don't we get all upset if they're beaten up their wife and their girlfriend? Why don't we get upset about that? How come nobody gave a crap at the Jimmy Johnson sign of Lauren's Phillips? Who's not about a goddamn gangster? How come nobody cared about that? But we're concerned if he passes a drug test or not. That really concerns me whether he's smoking marijuana, not whether he's going to be beaten women up all over the place. What kind of mentality we'd be talking about in this country, man? We're talking about people to just, they can't sit down and look at this thing rationally because most of them are emotional cripples, emotional cripples. And this crap about the NBA is going to do pot testing. David Robinson says, oh, yeah, we should all subject to what it's a no brainer. The NBA has an old brainer, okay? It's for a bunch of illiterate freaks is what it is David Robinson. You asshole, here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Are you doing? Okay. We shall all fit dog. Go ahead sir, I'm listening. Okay, well anyway, on the second hand, smoking the marijuana. I have a friend who basically could not smoke because of the government watching over him. Yeah. And he enjoys burning every couple of times. So when he went to get a mandatory, you know, pissed us. And he came back positive. He told the his his position officer. He's like, oh, no, I was in a room with a bunch of people smoking. Yeah. The probation officer gave him a bunch of like, I got a great bid for both of Brian by the way, to the tuna second hand row is second hand smoke. But anyway, anyway, he says that the prison officer of the prison officer gave him a bunch of evidence about how much second hand smoke you had to be exposed to for you to come back positive for even a minute. You had to be in a room that was on the couple of hours, you know, constantly breathing it. Yeah. And I mean, if you smoke pot in the bath at any point, if you'd like to smoke that stuff and you're in a room and they've been smoking for two hours, you're going to tell me you're not going to take a hit or whatever. And I mean, snowboarder. So let's not ask you so much. I was in. Well, no, wait, no, I want to hear this about snowboarding. Let's hear this. No, I need snowboarding and the Olympics who is not going to think that these snowboarders are not pot-a-licks. Any other things? All these guys are watching. Pot-a-dick. Oh, yeah. I mean, they are the biggest burnout. All the surfers I knew in high school. Yeah, surfers in snowboarders. There you go. I love your logic, man. This is great. I mean, it's just follow the bouncing dots. Here we go from A to Z to T to FU. Okay, great. Great job, pal. I could have been the greatest call in history. Oh, man. Those, those chronic pot-heads. Man, those snowboarders. I want to box Sandwich, Merler, the curler. I want to watch these doing. He's probably got her here up in curler's that bitch. Oh, and Sweden, by the way. I want to curl women's curling my tickets. Canada. Oh, my God. The Canadian's like 95% of all curlers in the world are Canadians. And they already lost one match. Between that and maybe losing this gold medal, they may never come out of hiding. They may like start doing like the Eskimo's and build igloo's and go inside and never come out. Come out. Here's a mobile lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Good morning. I just is the first time I'm calling you. However, I listed to you for years and I do admire many of the things that you say. But, however, I take issue a little bit this morning with the pot testing with regard to your employment. There are some situations where it is very dangerous, the smoke pot, particularly if you like to drink beer, lunch, or even have a drink at lunch. And you mix it with the pot. There are things you can do that you normally wouldn't do. Like what? Well, for example, I know of a personal experience because I happen to be an insurance agent and we have a very serious situation that occurred in one of our, in short, business operation with a man, did that just that at lunchtime. I think that. And then a job that he has been working on for ten years, stuck his hand in the mixing that and cut it off. Alright. Well, I'll see you Jim. I guess you won't be doing that again. No, I guess you won't. So what's the problem? Well, the problem is that drug testing on the job is in many cases very important. And so if you smoke pot, you shouldn't be doing it while you're working. And then maybe if you're working in a job. Well, wait a minute. You said you shouldn't be doing it if while you're working. But if it stays in your system for like up to a month, then how do you know what you when you're doing it? Well, suppose you smoke it recreationally on the weekend at home, not when you're on a job. Well, I don't know very much about how long the stays in your system. Well, I just got through telling you up to a month. Well, what about your testing after lunch? Yeah, that's right. How about boost testing after lunch? Let me tell you something, as those kind of things. How about a breathalyzer test after lunch? Well, I don't. I mean, where do we stop this insanity is what I say? Actually, I really do believe that we have become insane with testing, except that in the case of drugs, it is a very important thing in some situation. I'm not saying that we should be testing everybody for everything because we're losing totally our rights and of country. We don't have any rights in this country. We have a right to be oppressed by a fascist police state is what we have. I don't have any rights. This is a free country to joke. Hey, listen, we still have the right to talk to you about these things, which makes it a right. Yeah. Unfortunately, we're limited to what we can say. Debbie, you still got to watch your language. The word police are going to come down and they'll take you away. That's something else again. I don't agree with that either. I think if you want to say foul things, you can say them and that shouldn't be oppressed by anybody. And whether it's on the radio or TV or wherever. But the point is that there are, I don't know whether you agree to this completely, maybe, and partially, you're a degree that there are certain situations where drug testing, whether it be marijuana or heroin or whatever, is an important factor. I would say if you're working in a candy store, then I definitely should be able to drug testing you want some, or in any kind of arrest around. They don't want you to let it go. It's a profit. Right. Don't let shop. That would be good one. Have a great day, sweetheart. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 because God forbid a few smoke weed like two weekends ago. And you had a beer for lunch today. We know that you are a danger to society. God forbid pizza chef or delivery boys. Definitely. Yeah. That's right. Chinese food delivery. I'm telling you, he's never needed to need to smoke weed. How do you like that? And he still had the munchies. He was a hungry boy. He was just a big, chubby, hungry guy. That's all. And he ate all $40 worth of Chinese food on the way back to the house. Can you imagine if they tested radio management for alcohol after lunch? Oh yeah. If they went up there right now. Oh my god. How about brain testing for management? That sounds good to me. Of course, where there's no sense, there's no feeling. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I have a question. Yes. I have two questions. And then I want to show them what the fuck. How come you can't get ice cream like Italy here? Because I ate a lot of pistachio. I don't need a lot of ice cream, but man, I used to eat. I ate it every day in Italy. The pistachio ice cream in Italy. You a lot, sir. You a lot, sir. I was not ice cream. It's gelato. It's made. It doesn't have a lot of cream. It's not a lot of chocolate and artificial crappets. Made from all natural stuff. And they don't make it here. You know, once in a while a place will come along and try to make good gelato. And even if it is good, the public stays here so bad because the bisite and ryrs and seals and eaties that those places will go out of business. Man, I don't, I mean, I don't, I'm in an ice cream, but I was eating it every day twice a day. Yeah. Every little shop had it. Well, when I go to Italy, I eat it a lot and the ice cream too. Hey. I have a question for George. You said you'd have this commercial called Feep Field Extreme Watches. Was it his voice on it? Yes. Oh, I thought. Yeah, he apologized as profusely for it too. And about it. Let me ask you a question. Did this guy would have been from Amsterdam or it's legal to smoke pot? What were they going to say to the guy? Well, you know, it's interesting because I've learned that now that is a good point. Merrah wanted. They were just saying on CNN that Merrah wanted is not among the substances listed at the Olympics as being illegal, but that it reverts back to the country and the laws there. So if it were one of the Dutch players in like a soccer player, of course, then I'll play in those soccer and win a little bit. But whatever the Dutch competitors are ice skater, then it would not be a problem. Like that. And Canada says that's blatantly unfair in a bunch of crap and they're requiring foul. Hey. Boy, that's not a good thing that's very fair. How do you like that? How do you like them green apples, huh? Those green apples. I like that this guy, this Gratziano or Greg Gabrielle. I say you should move to how Amsterdam would be a good idea. Hey, there you go. At least you'd have a good time. And as far as I'll draw testing in the workplace. Yes. So they can figure out, until they can't draw test you at the moment and know how much you've had a particular moment. I think they should just band it all together because there's no way that you're going to tell me what I have to do in my house in my car. But what I do at any time that I'm not at work because I only work for them for eight hours. Not the rest of my day. So that's the bottom line with me. Next thing they're going to be doing fish food testing. Hey there you go. Yeah, why don't we just sort of be able to see our eight year fact. I want you to visit see how much food you've been eating. Right. Exactly. I mean, where do you draw the line? You know what I mean? Well, let me get a cue to protect this woman. Maybe she's been giving more sex to somebody in the parking lot. I know you're talking. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Okay. Sounds like a job he wants. I did that one time 15 years old. So anyway, let's do a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. You can disagree with you more about the Pot Smoky. Okay. I'm an ex-pot addict from the age of 15 to 25. Yeah. I'm telling you. I was more dicting than Coke than any of them. Yeah. We had to score a dicting than fish food too. I think it was a good effect. George Washington is pantsing at the room. Spenter take a sample by the way. Before we got 38 now I stopped 13 years ago. But before we played baseball, we smoked before went to the movies. It's smoke before we had sex. We smoked before anything. We need a pot. We couldn't do it without pot. Yeah. A lot of my friends are still. Well, let me ask you this. As much as I frown upon people who are like obsessed with pot. Because there are people who are juvenile and sit around sifting and picking seeds all day and they think that's a life. But nevertheless. No. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I have this green stuff to have no seeds in. How did it affect your life? It affected it tremendously because it opened the door too. And you're going to think this is joke. It opened the door to Coke. It opened the door. It's going to be completely different. Yeah. Once you violate your body. So I guess you could have never have a beer because they're saying you're going to be No, I don't. I never like beer but I'm telling you it affected me in the workplace. It affected me driving. I had a lot of. No, but they argue that it's the same argument as you better never have a beer because then you're going to become an alcoholic. And you're going to start drinking, you know, it's sticking vodka bottles in your pocket. I mean, there are there are always going to be people. No matter what you're talking about, they're the old gold stains of the world. They're going to go out and need until it gets to be 500 pounds. Does that mean we should outlaw any foods that are fattening? No, no, but I, you know what? I've changed enough to kids of my own now. And there are 14 and 11 and they're getting to that age where I remember when I was. I know that's what you better stop. Yeah. Yeah, no, no, no, no, I stopped the long time ago, but the bottom saying now I'm overprotective. He can I. I mean, my parents like George is there were refugees from Cuba that came down here. Yeah. Well, no humans don't smoke. We know that. They didn't know any better. They were working 14 hours a day. I was alone at home and all my friends did it. We did it and I'm telling you, I'm telling you. They didn't know anybody, but I couldn't disagree with you more. I'm just testing for it and I hope. They keep it out of everything because it's not my own. You know something I know that when I go over to Holland man every time I've only been an Amsterdam about 30 times and I go over there. It's a miracle that the country can function. You know what? Well, let me tell you something. Well, we're on it. We're less aggressive. Sir, let me ask you. Have you ever ever been to Amsterdam? Never been to Amsterdam. Well, if you don't have a plan to go there, you might learn something. There's a pot addict for you there for the boys and girls. There's a good lesson for everybody. He's obsessed. Select a fish food addict. I say we go to public right now. I may enforce them to take a run out of the freezer container because we have fish food addicts already and those people are going to kill themselves on that cracker. They're out of control and let's close down every bar because we got alcoholics. Let's bring back pro-efficient. Baby, let's pro-head at everything. Then we got sex addicts. Just watch, uh, watch his name. Jerry Springer. He'll do 20 shows on that this week. Sex addicts. People who can't get enough. They're doing it. The NBA. They want to do drug testing. We got a guy a Canadian, the jock. If a snowboarder can wear a jock strap, whatever it was. This guy may lose his gold medal because he may have actually inhaled a little bit. Or may have actually smoked a little bit. Or may have actually walked through a room somewhere where somebody may have smoked it or not as the case may be. And they found like a little trace in his uh... Scored Scored. Yeah. And they're having a nervous breakdown now because they, you know, suit a fit. What else? What else can we test for in your system? Definitely have fish food testing because we know it makes your blood sugar go away up and you become irresponsible. And got only knows you're going to be not fit for driving. I wouldn't be surprised if they stopped your street corners. Now it's stop lights and they do on the spot checks blood sugar test. You know, they give you that little pin prick if I can say that. And uh... Yeah, look at my fingertips. Man, look at all those pin picks. That's right. When you dive paddock, you have a lot of pin picks on the tips of your fingers, but at any rate. Yeah, they're going to be starting doing that spot checks on street corners now. And if your blood sugar is like over 250, but ay, or I straight to jail. You're a menace to decide you're going to kill somebody out there. Airline pilot before you get on at play and make sure he didn't have no fish food before he took off. Here's a 4-lotterdale, hello. Hello there. Yes sir. For some color I guess I'd be in a cute color since I'm a chronic. Okay. But anyway, I consider myself a well-trained, high-precision cynic. You like to agree with a lot of the things that you talk about. But in the United States of course what right we all have really is the right to be as irresponsible as we want to be. Until you know you reach a certain limit. And we have these freedoms and people sort of they abuse them until it starts to cost and somebody's some money somewhere and then they get to go into something about taking that freedom away. But what does that mean when is marijuana ever been decriminalized in America? Uh, well I mean it hasn't. But the reasons for that for you. Are they tried prohibition with blues, natural work real well didn't it? No and it's a poor deal. For the old candidate real well. We can't expect our people to be responsible with the freedoms that they have. Like we have a small business and we've got you know it's we do contracting and that sort of thing and you got guys they're not exactly the you know top model society but they go out and they're doing physical labor and they're climbing rooftops and things like that and we've had cases in the past where people were on the answer to the substances and they acted it and then the customer. Okay if you're liable for I can understand. Yeah and you're talking about us first right. I understand that. And then not only that but the employees use you too. Uh, even though he was the one who was irresponsible on the job. Yeah. So what do you do about that? Well in that case that's an exception I wouldn't have any problem with that. I can see in the NBA where if a guy is stolen he's not going to injure somebody out of the court if anything you'll take fewer shots and he probably wouldn't beat up the coach. Well good point but the thing is we have something that we do at work here not that it works but it's in a tempting way that's called a drug free workplace and you start off your relationship with the business under the assumption that you know you're not going to this isn't going to be something you're going to be doing on the job. So we're allowed to drug test before you start the job and that's sort of the thing and what's sad about this is it's amazing how many people who call up looking for a job and you say oh but by the way this is a drug free workplace how many people show up still at the forms and then just never appear again. Well but isn't that their choice you just got to know? Oh yeah, but you know but the thing is this business is going to be responsible for what its employees do and we have to know we have to feel safe and secure that they're not going to be out of the way. Yeah no I would agree with that. I think that you got a you know you have a right because you're liable and you have a right to make sure that they're not doing whatever might impair their senses etc. But that's a very rare exception. If somebody's doing an office job at a desk unless of course they're making decisions decisions that you know are like national security risking something like that. Yeah I can understand that. Yeah studio. Huh? Well for radio could be in here something like that. Exactly and I think it might help to have some drugs for these vascular dove here. But the thing is you do is you know once again as a society if the people aren't going to be responsible enough to be able to find one or they are going to use the substances you can't expect. But you know you know something you can't expect and we're going to be responsible for you know this thing. Let me say something to you and that is that as long as things are forbidden. When you go to Europe there is no drinking age in any country that I know of in Europe. And yet it is Italy especially. Public drunkenness is frowned upon the session extent that I mean they would they would come and beat the crap out of you if they found you staggering around drunkenness street they would take you under cover somewhere and give you a lecture and sober you up and tell you better not never do it again. And you don't you don't have any problem of young people staggering around drunk or killing each other because they're drinking and driving you don't have that. Now the French have it because they got a bunch of drugs over there to begin with but I'm talking about in countries where they're generally socially responsible in the first place like Italy and like Holland and those you don't have that problem. But you know, they're close to smoking and you don't have a hole in rates you know in the world though and one of the Spain and Russia have very high up the holes in rates and they also have what does that have to do with Italy? It doesn't but you know it's it's what is that that cool is Holland which is the freest country in the world what does that have to do with it? It depends on the culture they grow up with that kind of freedom and you want to be here right now. That's why I just got to say me and then so as I wonder you make things for bitten the more people want them. That's my point. Okay before I leave or you come off the way. I want to give you something and I don't know if you can use this as a card but I want to do a celebrity impersonation for you. Yeah. Why don't you go out? Okay. See it. Now I wasn't bad. Jordan was almost cute. It wasn't a very good, the consensus is let's see. Mike from the Keys says it's too expensive. That's his well, that's his opinion. He likes his little weed now and he said to them expensive. Here's Miami. Hello. Meal. Yes sir. What's up, Neil? Love you, show. Thank you so much. Listen, it is kind of expensive but I wanted to say this whole matter one thing is just out of hand. I mean the government, they must be from like babbling chimps, pushing weapons from where they'll realize that marijuana is probably the safest in toxicland on this planet. It's less harmful than alcohol. It has never been documented to give cancer like you know cigar and cigarette. Yeah. I'm not completely about cigar. And then your blood sugar raising up like sugar does either by that. I don't know. Sugar, I guarantee you right now sugar is a lot more dangerous than marijuana ever can be. And I don't think they didn't any sugar testing on this Schmendra Gabriotti guy that did this snowboard or that one a gold medal over there. Absolutely. It's a very good one. I think it's blood sugar and see if he was doing a fish fluid before he did the thing. Absolutely. And I like to go as to while listening to the idea that I was wondering how come you didn't like our thing in Vegas, the one at F.G.L. as well. That's like my cigar. No, I do like car share Vegas. You like them? But it's they don't make him in mix which is my sponsors or not come on here to say how smoke car share Vegas. Which one do you like in particular the Galantes? You never had the English corona. Oh, I don't the test those English ones. Oh, yeah. The English corona was a fabulous especially if you were rolling it open. Okay. But thank you. Okay. Have a great day. Let's go to a Miami. Hello. Steel. Yes sir. Hey, how's it going? Great. We'll listen to a couple of bad things. Unfortunately marijuana is classified as a schedule one drug. Which means it's right up there with cocaine heroin. Math and fedamine and Jerry Springer is perhaps the worst drugs of all mankind. Uh-huh. And fish food. But you know, this is just a word for that guy who was that guy. Chading when he was there with a guy called any said I run a workplace and I tell people that I drug test but I don't really drug test and then that just sort of weed out the people you part of mind the point. Yeah. We weed out the people that really don't want to. That's how he said. Well, was it what was that whole thing about. He said that he drug tested. No, he he drug tested. He said that a lot of people come by and they fill out the application when they find out that it's a drug pre-work place that they don't hear from them again. Is what he said. All right. Well, I think he's a fascist because, you know, he's basically just got a bunch of people that to be doing like yard work or something, you know? If they're going up on roofs and things and he's responsibly, he's got the liability insurance for that. I can understand that. I don't know, man. I'm in a period. If you're going on any substance, I don't care what is. I don't want to be responsible for your work or driving or whatever else you're doing. The thing is that they might not be up on the roof and be stoned at the same time. They might go home, watch, hear, spring or a nanny stone. And then go back to work and be perfectly straight and still fail at miserable tests. Okay. And it shows on now. What the hell was the point? I wasn't there to wait around long enough to find out. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Hi. How are you? Great. How are you? How are you doing? I'd be doing fine. I just wanted to make a comment about the pothead that calls earlier that he's more for 10 years. Yeah. He said that the marijuana made him try other drugs. I think that he's been betrayed. Everyone else has been betrayed by all the people in this country because they tell you that marijuana be bad for you and it's evil and all this stuff. And then when you try it and it's not that bad, you say, well, they lied about this. Well, maybe they lied about everything else too. Yeah. People also didn't tell me he used to be a victim on his apartment. And he's 17 years old by nearly 17 years old now. That pepper bag! Is this to be something we forget about? all right. All right. The Pope is over there. He's doing it. There's a joke. For the Pope, I'm going to tell you something that big puff over the Vatican is. That's not what you think it is. That's the celebratory smoke. Yeah, they're celebrating it all right. Why do you think they keep burning incense? Covered up. That's why they do a lot of things. That's why they put those gowns on to cover it up. That's why there were no kills in Scotland, baby. Covered up. When it's course in Pot. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. I've never listened to your show for, but I was interested in your views on why it's illegal. In the first place. I mean, it's a lot of conspiracy. Sure. Because this is a repressive society in which we live. Let me say it again. These are kicks. Sodomy laws that are in the book in most states in this country in which anything except a face-to-face missionary position sex between Mary, male, and female. What you're laughing about it is okay. But all these are kick laws on the books because this is a country of hypocrites. A country that's living in the stone age because we got a bunch of old funny studies up there who don't have the balls to repeal these archaic stupid intrusive laws that have no place in a civilized society. Well, in Mary Walsk it's hemp, whatever. There would be no national debt if they would tax them and grind it the last 20 years. So let me say this to you, sir. The idea that the federal government, listen to this. The federal government can tell you what seed you can plant in the back yard of your home, on your property. The idea that the government can legislate that is so outrageous and so unacceptable as to the inexplicable. I agree. I can't argue with that one bit. They've always helicopter waste in time because people are growing a few plants in their bank yard and the meantime up the corner kids are shooting themselves because that he left his six, his six-shooter lay in a round and everybody in their brother and his countries running around with a goddamn gun. But God forbid if somebody's growing a few plants in the backyard, we got the helicopters going overhead. Maybe we're going to catch you. The other pop police are there. You maniacs. Just like in a low word to hell, I do with that. Local section is morning. Here we go. Business man or sex per fair police. This Arthur van Morkkkerkerkerkerkerkerker whatever his name is Kirk and Jerken. Ranna $6 million prostitution ring. How do you like that? In Fort Lauderdale. He had 50 women on their payroll. Their names neatly lined up on a magnetic board underheading such as blondes, roomettes and over eannels. The clients more than 20,000 men between West Palm Beach and North Miami. You'll pay 180 bucks in cash or 200 by credit card for acts that range from a straight sex to unusual fetishes. So who the hell gives a crap? Probably ran a clean operation. Probably not too many people getting no diseases from that operation. Probably hit it on the up and up. He's going to jail. Everything in his goddamn country is illegal man. Everything is the forbidden fruit if we can say, oh, and of course that's so. Forget that. Talk about a fruit. Before get about that. Everything's illegal. Things in moral unless of course it's the politicians who are doing it. Like Dan Roelmer, he's doing it over there. And like Bill Clinton, of course he's doing it left and right. And which we like him a lot more and respect him because he's getting it. That's okay. But if we're getting it then of course it's evil and we all go to jail. Chuvanal and unacceptable. Unacceptable. Your brain wash baby. When you're going to go, just wake up and sniff it a little bit. And the flowers too. Brain washing. Goody two shoes. We have to have a drinking age. We have to have a we have to have an age for everything. A smoking age. In other words, when you're 21 it's okay to get yourself lung cancer. But if you're 19 then you're not old enough to make that decision. Just like this crap about the age of majority. Every, you know, most countries where resistance just a matter of opinion. Most countries even some that we consider very backward. The legal age for consensual sexual acts is 15 or 16. In this country it's what? 17 for heterosexual acts and 18 for yes. There's a different age for heterosexual or homosexual acts. Of course, or is it 18 for both? There's all these gray areas depending on which state you're in. I didn't say gay areas. I said, what's well, we'll find out what state you're in lies in the prone or what does it look like if you're more than two years older, you can be 16 as long as the person isn't more than two years older and over. Well, it was an added credit. So another way to find out. Well, guys, bang in the 16 year old chick. He's in violation of laws that were your sanctumate. Something like that. Isn't that ridiculous? Yeah. Isn't that absurd? Here's the Fort Laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Very aggressive. Back to you. Happy circus. Yeah. On the front of tuition ring the guy from a boat and not Fort Laterdale. No big deal. Yeah, there you go. Right. Clip in up for us. Yeah, you got it. Another thing on the bottom of the pot. I don't know business. I drug test. Right on the application. He brings the drugs man. I test. I'll ride. Oh, all right. See you at the track by where we certainly know nothing about drugs. There's your kind of boss George. I thought we had that. Oh, yeah. He wouldn't know what to do with him. As in. Happy farm. The frog got fat and I think I want to kill a lot. Hey, no. Hey, no. What is that fat? He's got me off. So it's down. You went wrong. Hey, no. Hey, no. That's too much crap. It's kind of 45, but it's doing 22. Hey, man. I'm trapped. So what you brought, because I'm coming after you. Hey, no. I'm doing it. Yeah, I'm going around your town. But yeah, you're fat as I decide. I'm forgetting out your side. You scared a dime. Hey, no. Hey, no. It's good. I'm waiting for the nose to turn out. Oh, it's good. He doesn't speak French and the frog is kidding. Why does he work for when the check comes. He can't read him, listen. God's Mark. Yeah, we know how's that, Julie. Let's do the half of his soapy. Why unless you thought my little brother made a throat out of the back. Go back. Go back. Why can't you just stop at south of the border? Go back. We don't want you. But on the feet, because that's just very tight. What you're trying? What are you trying? But Ellie's doing over and the sand is full tight. Wow, are they back? I wish they could go back. I can't take it anymore. What is summer coming? Oh, help them back. We're going to drive and cross the entire area. I was hanging a grave when I arrived in the country and I'm going to drive across the inner states. And I stopped at one of those six years stuck. He's a way of their call. Man, talk about packed with glam with bad taste. Although I do like some of that candy. The peanut brittle is okay. I've had a nut roll. Yeah, when it's put out of my hand. Didn't roll too far though. There's a coconut grow, hello. There's no fags and Columbus. Yeah, that's what I hear. Yeah, Neil, do you remember a couple of years ago? Maybe one or two, a guy was driving down nice 75. He was depressed. One of them come at suicide. And he jumped into his pick up truck with a six pack. Started driving down nice 75 the wrong way. Right. I remember that. Yeah, sure. Stuff like that. That makes me think. I don't understand why alcohol's legal in my one is not. Right. I was a little smaller. Good point. Real quick. I think how much we'd eat would I had this ball for the same effect. Think about it. I want to go to take it. Real quick, Neil. I've got a song about tongues, religious tongues, speaking in tongues. And I kind of gave me a flashback. Yeah. My mom used to be a penicostle. And I grew up. And I remember seeing my grandmother, my mom, and just like talking in tongues and dropping on the floor. And I would just sit there and giggle. You know, I made no sense to me whatsoever. Anyway, real quick, Neil. It's enough to get me the HBG, because I'm saying you are strong ones. It was for the Panthers. No set two. And I got to know that one. Please let me sing it. Okay. I'm Chris Weber. I'm Chris Weber. Got a rest of all back of red here. I'm the ghetto dream. To play B-BORW with auto drug screens. I'm Chris Weber. I'm Chris Weber. Call time out when I got sprayed with pepper. Burn my eyes best mean. About a couple drops of my zine. I'm James Brown. I'm James Brown. Neil. Yeah. Including the facts in the church. Here's my name, spring. Hello. Yeah. Hi. I heard the guy talking about the fact that it was legal and it was legal. But you know, I don't smoke marijuana. I haven't done since college days. But the thing is, I'm a firm believer that as long as it doesn't kill you. You're not harming anybody else. Go ahead and do. What do you want? Let me ask you this. Can you go into a drugstore right now and buy rat poison? Yes. Yes. You can. And that will kill you. And you know, it's got warning labels on the can or whatever you're buying it. And you can go into any store. You go into a supermarket, you go into a drugstore and buy legally all kinds of substances that will kill you. You can go into home depot and buy paint thinner. And if you drink it, it will kill you. And while guarantee that, make no mistake about it. So the idea that something may or may not be harmful for you, which is all very subjective by the way. And a lot of it very dubious and debatable. But since what is that the guy? The only job that I see the government is to tell us, you know, give us the information. Tell us, can this be harmful to me? How harmful is it? And then let me make my own guide day in the session. Well, that's what I'm saying. You know, the thing is that the only reason it was made illegal is because it's relatively easy to grow and difficult to tax. Yeah. And by the lobby, the lobbying of both alcohol and cigarettes, which it's well, alcohol is relatively easy. But the question of cigarettes growing, it's drying it out and actually making cigarettes on your own. Most people aren't going to do. Whereas, anybody could like grow plant in the backyard and they just simply take a few leaves. Let them dry out in the oven and then smoke it. Oh my God. And apparently that's what they don't want. And there would be a lot of competition for those two other industries. Oh my God. Whereas in tobacco, that's proving beyond a shadow of a doubt. That's killing people every day. There are people puff it on faggot right now who are going to grow from lung cancer and infosema. And we've warned them and we've warned them and we've had all those craggy voice guys. The guy that used to play Hamilton burger on perimation with always in the middle of the gun talking about dying from lung cancer and John Wayne and all these other big much of guys that are croaker. And if you, you know, they tell you that and you still want to smoke, then go ahead. Be my guest. And in close. Just don't blow it in my face. That's what the monocos said. They're puffing on cigarettes too. Exactly. Have a great day. All right. Okay. What are we getting all worked up about? Not just because we realize we live in a country where our freedoms are very limited. We have a bunch of, we have a bunch of assholes sitting around deciding what you can do and telling you what's good for you and what's not. And then we have some idiots who are going along with that who want to be manipulated. If you want to be manipulated, okay, go to some fashes God damn place. Go to some companies to kind of go to Cuba for crisis. Go live with the del. Help tell you what you can do. Go live with the pulp. You'll have one hell of a time there man. Go live in a Vatican under the watchful eye of the cardinals man. I don't mean Stan Musiel. You won't be able to do anything that's fun because they're busy taking it all up themselves. Then in chains. Just a way I like it. And then this morning I'm coming to work and I'm all over there in plantation, which by the way I'll get to plantation. I would like to report right now that I believe that there's a sugar in wood politics in plantation. And the call we had from the cop last week on a show. And now we have this plantation. The big thing this is step campaign starting today by the way, which I'll get into. These selective enforcement traffic enforcement programs step as in step on this. That call was from some pork or robiter implantation is what it was all about because this article yesterday's paper, which I appreciate somebody bringing to my attention. By the way, this is a carbon copy of that phone call we got last week. They're trying to condition us to do anything. And do it at me time I come back from the track last night and come waste on sunrise Boulevard on the turn bike as always. And there are people I'm going it's 45 is the speed limit okay I'm going 50 52 whatever which a little bit over people are going by me as always 70 75 miles an hour and sunrise Boulevard. And I say you people need mental help including you you're telling me that you were one of those people going 70 miles an hour and sunrise last night well 65 70 I don't usually do 70 until I get on a mental help by the people you know okay there's nobody else on the road. That yeah okay I don't want to anyone that the guy is talking about that wants to make it up as you go along. There's nobody else on the road. You're going to go 70 on a residential street that's nice. We know that 400 just gets away from you. Yeah I know it's true I see that I'm lucky I only drive it in Corvette that can only go 155 miles an hour. You got that big powerful four-winter. I mean I can't compare with that. A lot of rumors about your station by the way we'll get into that. So anyway getting back to this thing well first of all there's only rumors. Before I get into the thing about the plantation porters. There are massive rumors about this place being sold this radio station. Maybe I'm not sure if it's just this station or if it's a kitchen the power 96 also all three of them. The beeslee properties and what we have to say to that is oh my god are we praying we got our late cross we got our eyes crossed we got our fingers crossed we got our nostrils crossed. I'm even wearing a cross. I'm rubbing my rosary beads right now. I'm going to lay some to fill in whatever else I can get my hands on any any kind of a we're going to rub by the Buddha on the head. Hey listen well so the late we'll get to lepicon and the rub his head to a little bit. We'll get some lucky goddamn charms is what we'll do anything that might make that come true. Oh god with effy something. Halle Luya set us free please whoever you are out there the rumored buyers which I don't want to say too much about it because once these things start leaking out even screw it all up. So I don't want to say too much but the rumors are running rampant. You don't think that's the reason that we're just kind of sitting here like in limbo because you know that nobody who's a real broadcaster in their right mind would be running this place. This way so maybe that's so what really isn't the wind here not there want to get anybody paranoid and psychotic that works for measly read. Being such an outstanding company like they are. Oh man. Anyway this ties in so directly not that I'm paranoid but it ties in so exactly with that militant psychotic call that we had on this show last Friday or Thursday. I guess it was Friday and it was in yesterday's scum sent me right on the heels of that conversation. Plantation where I just happened to live in half a minute years now plantations break BRA KEE with tradition. Police departments planned a halt motorists to ignore traffic laws. I want you to listen to this because even if you don't live in plantation this should give you an idea of the mentality that we're dealing with here. Motorists who drive through the city of plantation should be extra careful to obey the law this month. Starting Tuesday meaning today the plantation police department will plant down on drivers of ignore speed limits. One red lights tailgate don't wear seat belts don't signal or otherwise break the rules of the road patrol officers in police cruisers and undercover vehicles will be armed with radar and ticket books along all major roadways and schools owns in the city. Air be driver they see no some of this air be driver they see breaking the law will get a warning many will receive tickets. Starting today if you violate a traffic law you're going to be stopped and police captain Keith Hilgenfeld who oversees the department's road patrol and motorcycle officers. The month long sting dub these no a sting it's a sting they're stinging it you feel that they're stinging it dub these selected traffic enforcement programs step how clever. Is aimed at discouraging careless driving and decreasing the city's high accident rates. Plantation log more than 3000 motor vehicle accidents in 1997 according the sergeant Frank Rabino of these more than 480 result in injuries. We had 15 fatalities in 1996 and six last year that is outrageous. Helgenfeld said how do you like that he said not only was it unacceptable it was absolutely outrageous that's what he said. We have a problem and we intend to address that problem Rabino said far too high percentage of drivers choose to drive in any manner they desire is this all starting that I want you to listen to the verbiage here. Far too high a percentage of drivers choose to drive in any manner they desire with a belief that there is a low risk for enforcement. In many cases Helgenfeld said the people who complain the loudest about terrible drivers are the same ones who later get ticketed. Police chief CE Sonny Sherrod Jr said the point is not to see how many tickets we can write for revenue or statistics but to educate. The hope is that once people get used to driving safely along the city's major road they will maintain their good driving habits on smaller residential streets. After neving violators for the next three to four weeks plans police plan to reinstate the program several times a year end of quote end of story. If that doesn't sound like a carbon copy of the conversation we had with that militant obnuchess disgusting pork or odd Friday on the show I mean almost word for word. Is what it sounds like to me of course it's only a coincidence because I have it a live in plantation and guess what I'm not wearing those seatbelt. I'm going on the year right here with that now today I am not wearing a seatbelt see that whole seatbelt law. Is like telling me what kind of toilet paper I have to wipe my ass with it's not your business. What I'm doing inside that car unless it affects the way that I drive and by the way wearing a seatbelt and I've tried it does affect the way that I drive that's for mentally. Yeah, we know a big side. That's right. That's exactly correct. And if they want I'll get an note for my doctor and I'm very positive I have several doctors who'll be more than happy to write a note saying like an excuse from school because I got a head cold today. That I'm fat pig and I have diabetes and I've blood pressure in this and that and whatever else. And occasional hemorrhoids and as a result I'm not worth that seat belt. And if you guys don't have anything better doing addition to which the last time I checked pulling somebody over only for not wearing a seatbelt isn't legal in the state of Florida. You have to be violating some other traffic law before they can pull you over for that is the way to understand. Why could be wrong about that? Now maybe we'll start pulling people over for passing on the right to look on sunrise. Now I applaud. I'm all for pulling over dangerous drivers. People are running red lights. People are running stop signs. Not maybe like not make it a complete stop. But people are running stop signs. People speeding in school zone. I'm coming this morning to work out here on honey hole road and I'm slowing down. I'm the graded those lights have a work since we had the big storm a couple of weeks ago. But any jackass can see what those see those people with the straps or straps on standing on the corners helping the little kids across the street. Those traffic whatever they call them. That means there's school in session. The science is very clearly schools own 8 to 9 a.m. And I'm coming here 25 to 9 or 29 this morning. And I'm slowing down to my 50 miles an hour. And there's this big a shparts are in a big truck behind me. And this guy is like practically pushing me because he's so pissed off because I'm going 50 miles an hour right on the dot. Well, let's just scroll zone you asshole. And there's people speeding through there. I didn't see them again. And he took it. So of course people going 70 miles an hour on sunrise. Like I said 80 miles an hour on sunrise and Howard Boulevard. People running those lights that I've been talking about forever. And of course this business they're going to be equipped with radar and ticket books. Well, that sounds like more the same to me. And if you have already, you know, why don't you get the speed limits like on height is there up to where they belong like 45 instead of 35. And then none of us would have a who are in all responsible. But have any problem with that. But it's very obvious to me that some of those speed limits are so artificial. You low so that they can do what they've been doing for years. Maybe that's why they have so many fatality and so many accidents. If they haven't been doing a good job of getting the really dangerous drivers off the road. And they're sitting there with too many goddamn speed traps. What a concept in plantation huh? What a concept. And sitting around by my house a couple of blocks away off the under of trees under Malaluka trees waiting to see if all four wheels on your car came to a full stop. But it came to that stop sign. And maybe some of those trees got trimmed back by the way. So you could see absolutely clear in every direction there. Maybe that might be a little help too. Instead of having big branches of trees hanging out in the middle of the street. So you couldn't see somebody coming if you're like to pen it on the at certain intersections. But this sounds like a militant. It sounds exactly like this porter that called here and it was on a Broward line by the way. And I'd be willing to bet a lot of money if I could get my bed in which I doubt. But if it will not a lot of money that it was the same porcoring that this whole thing is an offshoot of this show. Wouldn't surprise that a lot of me. We're going to show you you. We're going to show you a thing or two. It will hang out there right in and by the way, if you also want to help save some lives. How about it's really nice to city of plantation. Finally got that light up there at 118th Avenue in sunrise Boulevard. But you know something it's been up there for weeks and all it does is flash and flash. It flashes yellow and it flashes red. That's all it does. It doesn't change anything. It's no different than it was before because there are stop signs on the north end of 118th and some are in the south and on both sides of that intersection. So if you would put that light in the motion, put it into a work and get it working. And make it a regular stop light would like a real red light would certainly help the control traffic and also stop people try to pull out of there. And make a left turn and get and killed. But I realize I understand we're pushing a little bit too hard. You want to make this obedience. Not a case of writing business. We want to make you obedient like the guy. So we want to condition you to do things right. Right. Like you're going to condition dangerous drivers and truck drivers into doing things right. Okay. Let's try Miramar. Hello. Yes sir. All right. You can say. Oh my god. That radio yesterday was bad. I thought it was my radio. Thank god. That's only my signal is an accurate. Anyway, about the pork situation. I hope first on the list are these cops when they're off duty and in their private cars that try around. No, they're not going to say it. Well, what do you mean wasting your time with it? They're not going to be first on the list. They're not going to be on the list. You know that. But they're not going to be on the list. You know that. And they're family members. That's just because they have one of those little badges on their Tag needs that they can drive anyway. Well, that's all part of that whole thing that that whole for a Journal or police business and I'll let the stuff you put on the bumper. I mean, if people really don't get stopped because they're wearing stuff, that's one of the biggest the hoaxes in history mankind. That asshole that caught the list. We could probably the cop at a list of the guys that drive around and we've been between traffic and that. How do you know that? Well, because they're all like that these cops. Yeah. The way they drive. That's a big deal above the law. They can afford the law, but they don't have to abide by it. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Here's Miami. Hi. According to the law, as turned on January 1st, that anyone that does not have a vote on cookie pulled over without doing something else. It just started this year. Well, it was an accurate. Yeah, because when I had to go to the task, I could go back on January 7th and I thought that point up and the guys are on that anymore. January 1st, if you'll call without a seat belt, take a sip. If you're hot without a seat belt, you have to get that one little petty thing. Oh, you got it. Got it. I've got it going by some sharm and today because I don't think I got the right kind of toilet paper. My house either. There you go. Thanks for the good news. Anything any cold thing? Yes. Can I shameless request? Yeah. It definitely is a cold. Chinese. Don't get the judge in this. I'm sorry. The Chinese. Don't get the put a chicken in the arm of their willier. All right. Okay. I'll work on it, pal. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Me. You. Good. In. You know. me. If you're her. Yeah. Nah. Yeah. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I only trained the old Kentucky All that I very loved and laid a sad neck to my ears What you got a tricky turn Do you have to find what holds her's play I was more than happy to her And now the more I'd like to do I'll like it sir, but she won't let me I'll want to lift her so we've nothing in the rear I want to hold her behind Close doors and more I want to kiss her, but she won't let me What you returned, she said she wasn't actress She showed me another signature of opening What she done, sitting on She made the sweetest she could be But I took her earlessy She was the kind of girl She told me her strength and right on I want to kiss her, but she won't let me I'll want to lift her so we've nothing in the rear I want to hold her behind Close doors and more I want to kiss her, but she won't let me Well, I'll never forget the train ride that I'll see For sayers, sweet and we shared our tale But as my heart was a leave of behind With breath, I'll all lie by Because I'm a dead kid that's hurt In the end I'll want to kiss her, but she won't let me I'll want to lift her so we've nothing in the rear I want to hold her behind Close doors and more I want to kiss her, but I want to kiss her so we've nothing in the rear I want to kiss her, but she won't let me There was once a time that all that long ago Few years ago we couldn't play that on another year That was one of our censored pieces of material What is that, that leads right in It's set ways right of this, facts which is a new one We had this story yesterday in Texas about the T-shirt Another habitual T-shirt violator, this one in O'Cala Jury selection began Monday in the trial of a 24 year old Florida man A trial, they're having a trial over this, okay Charge with up to the center of the t-shirt Featuring a bare-breasted nun Calling Jesus a profane name A bare-breasted nun, probably That sums it all up, I guess Record store clerk Andrew Love was wearing A different than a record store clerk wearing a new t-shirt promoting the And cradle of filth in November When security offers it no calis shopping mall Told him to turn the garbage in The police showed up arrested him and confiscated the shirt The shirt shows a bare-breasted woman in a nun's habit Reaching between her legs on the back, are the words Jesus is a Using the crude term for female genetasia, the seaword Third Steve Rogers, no relation thank God, disagreed Love was never jailed on the misdemeanor charge was released on his own Recognition if convicted he could be fined a thousand dollars in sentence to a year in jail Along with all those other habitual like pot smokers probably Floored a lot of defines of center, they are something the average person believes would appear the way perry and Shameful or morbid interest something is obscene if it depicted ascribe sexual material in a patently offensive Here we go with this again and a lack serious literary artistic political side to Value which means that none of those postcards that they sell it Amsterdam on street corners out in the public With they be able to sell here of course Like the ones that had showed the Pope sitting on the throne ticket a dump And this community meaning O'Cala the t-shirt is definitely political said loves attorney Jim Reich He said the case had sparked an outcry from fans of cradle of filth civil libertarians and those of the anarchistic bent Reich argued loves arrest amounted to unlawful prior restraint because police officers determined on the wrong That the t-shirt was obscene Mary and county judge Sandra Edward Stevens rejected that argument An opening statement to respect this starting the case today another habitual t-shirt violator So don't give me no son to dance about American first amendment rights because we don't have any That's what it boils down to we have the word police we have the bumper sticker police We have the word police now we got the guy damn t-shirt police remember it Hollywood not too many years ago And Mayor Galante had the t-shirt police arresting drug young people in Hollywood beach First of all why would young people want to be in Hollywood beach anyway with all the old frogs The number two they were wearing t-shirts that said disgusting things which were like by the way Pailed into insignificant compared that one so there you go with some more good police work in America as the you hear the boots stop and all over the place baby So those rumors must be right this they must be planning on unloading this joint Of course you did that. Oh, it's all over the place. I heard a rumor on the radio just a little while ago the two AMs being sold That's what I hear. Oh my god you listen No, man, there is no way that I can convey to this audience how desperately we George and I and many others But now speak for ourselves how we pray that that's true How can I help you? Yeah, I couldn't find that to this one. Let's offer. There are a lot of things Would you like to say that? How to I just thought I was going to say something in the book Oh, I'm sorry. Okay. How do I get there? Okay. Yeah. Hello. How are you? Yeah. Yeah. Hello. Who's speaking? What? Hello. Can you hear me? Yeah. You got a restaurant for sure. Huh? Ah, how much you want for the start? Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss. I come over maybe eat dinner with you. Okay. Does a job price include all the works? Huh? Huh? Come on. Come on, sir. It's Chinese. Yes, Chinese. Okay. You can go. It's a long long one, sir. It's a long long one, sir. It's a long long one, sir. It's a long long one, sir. It's a long long one, sir. You can go. Huh? Yes. Long time, sir. Okay. How about I get order to go and dinner? Come over and pick it up in local restaurant. Okay. Okay. What's your hot? Uh... You know... Do you know what I'm talking about? San-Yang-Chen-Zhaz. What do you know? San-Yang-Chen-Zhaz? What do you want to do? Uh... I want to go to the phone and tell him. I'll go and check. Huh? I'll go and check. Okay, I'll go. Okay. I'll go to the restaurant. Can you come over to the restaurant? No. I'll go and check. What? Here's a mobile and hollywood, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Okay. I turn out better. The other... You... You've been getting a lot of tickets like everybody else. It's a speed trap. And I just got three of them. I've been doing what? Getting a lot of tickets. No, I have not. I haven't had a ticket in years. Well, you've talked about a lot. Yeah. That's the problem. I've talked about it a lot, because I don't think that that's law enforcement is having speed traps. Yeah. That's not law enforcement. I agree with you. I get them all the time. But what would you say if I gave you a suggestion how you yourself could change the system? Yeah. If you would promote, because you know it's different around the road and see it's a speed trap. Yeah. And somebody in the opposite direction has the headlight on breaking in warning him. Right. Which is against the law, by the way. It is? Uh-huh. How about just putting your headlight on? Oh, that's okay. But if you would promote something like that. I mean, it's against the law, but we all should be doing it. I always have promoted that. He did. And the cop that's the cop will put you over and give you a ticket for that, too, by the way. They get very pissed off if you do that. What's the law? Is that broken? Huh? I think if it's taken because I feel like I'm not doing it. Well, who knows? I have no idea. Because you're screwing with their game, though. Do you understand? They resent that. That's why they resent me because I've been talking for weeks now about the, the silly stop sign police implantation and about the, uh, the radar traps on hiatus road. So now they're taking it out on me and they're going to take it out on everybody else. Because they're pissed off over there. Somebody peed in their coffee at the boots, but I guess. Yep. I don't know. For as long as I can remember on this show, we've done these pig reports where people call in. They, they tell us wherever there are speed traps. We put it right on the air. That's the best thing that I could do. And we will continue doing it. How would they be able to give you a ticket, though, just for putting a headlight on? You're asking me who knows. All I know is that they do threatened. They, they have pulled people over. They, uh, you know, make them psychotic because for whatever reason, they say that they, you're not supposed to do that. Just like they say that you're supposed to wear the seat belt. And they say that you're not supposed to pick, uh, you're nose with the index finger of your right hand. Only your left. Have a great day, sir. Put on my, uh, seat belt yesterday when I was, see, I guess today when I left here for the first time at a long time, just to see what it was like wearing a seat belt. I don't like it. I hated very constricting. It's very uncomfortable. But of course in this town since most people are see, this is like they got to call for Massachusetts yesterday about what Jerry Williams did on a radio years ago. And he got the seat belt, a lot of repealed in the federal government intimidated them and made him put it back in. We in state the law. The government's got no business. We'd hard telling you what to do inside your car. Any more than they have to tell you what to do inside your house. The only thing they can tell you what to do inside your house is you don't like beat up your, uh, pet or your kids or your wife or anybody else because that affects somebody else. And just like the example I used yesterday, the government told you what kind of toilet paper you got to use or which hand to wipe with. It's, it's no different. Oh, but it's for your safety. No, it's not for your safety. It's just another way that you give up freedom and let the government in tune where they have no business. How about letting the government say inspectors to your house at night to see who's doing what in the bedrooms, huh? And I don't see a hell of a lot of difference. It's none of their business. It's insurance company bull crap. It's revenue raising bull crap. And you cops in plantation I got news for you. I'm wearing my seat belt. Are you? I hear you say I am. And I understand I wasn't even home to. I said I understand it was a plantation pork or a parked right in the corner. If I'm told somebody over for a not coming to a full stop at the stop sign there right by my house. Right by the house. What a coincidence. Doesn't phase me in the least. And this I've not just arrogant prick that called issue on Friday and I wouldn't be surprised if it's this hildgun felt guy. Because his quotes, you know, the more I read, I got this one little column from yesterday's Burmundays paper. And the more I let in his one line, in many cases hildgun felt said the people who complained the loudest about terrible drivers of the same ones who later get ticketed. Who could he be referring to? Yeah. Who's he referring to? The people who complained the loudest about bad drivers who who is that? You open your window. Do you or anybody out there complaining? Later get ticketed. See, I hate to break the news to you sergeant, whatever your name is, Captain, sergeant, no time for sergeant. But I happen to be a damn good driver and a safe and responsible driver. And even though I got a car that'll go very, very fast, I've had a very, very fast. And yes, I do resent when people go by me. There are a couple of things that really piss me off. Number one, when I'm trying to go close to the speed limit and somebody is right on my ass. Tailgating because they're trying to push me because I'm not going fast enough to suit them. And if I'm speeding, if I'm going seven miles over to speed limit, they're right on my ass because I'm not going fast enough for them. I'm not getting the ticket to make them happy, okay? Tough crap. If you want to pass me around two WL lines, go right ahead and take your chances, baby. But I'm not speeding up to make you happy. And the other thing is when I'm going like 52 and a 45 on sunrise, and some asshole like George goes by me 75 miles an hour on sunrise Boulevard, that really forced my ass. I go with the flow. I was only going there. When I'm going, somebody else is on the road. I'm going 70 on the turn-pike where the speed limit is 65. I don't know what I'd grab around 70 in a 65. It's not the wrong with that. And somebody goes by me, go 95 miles an hour. And I never ever see any of those people get hit. This is me off because those people are our menace. You people are crazy. And yes, you should be getting tickets. But the problem is they're not the ones who get the tickets, baby. The ones who get the speeding tickets are the ones who get caught in all these little radar traps that we set up. So don't give me a song and a dance about you trying to say, why are you trying to condition people? The drums continued driving drunk and getting their licenses back. And the chronic high speeders continued driving 85, 90, 100 miles an hour. And you know it, nine o'clock. So go freshen up the coffee at the food spot in plantation and cut the craft. Because you're not fooling me, you're not fooling anybody else. And you're sure it's how not intimidated me. You can make as many phone calls to this show as you want. Doesn't phase me in the least. But I'll be wearing my seatbelt. Slow down in plantation by the way. You don't want to get no tickets and buckle up your seat belts and make a full stop and sit there for about half an hour at the stop sign. And guess what they still don't have the light working at 118th Avenue when sunrise bullet bar. The light still flashing there. Useless. Useless as teach on a caterpillar. That's how worthwhile that light is there. But oh, we don't want all these great. Tell me. Well, and how about getting that light working. Okay. And one thing I will say since I do grip credit work credit is doing. So, see one of the reasons they're ticked off the plantation cups is they had a great thing going there for months. Even back when we're still on the air and passion. Remember I used to talk about the 30 mile an hour thing or construction thing on sunrise. And they would just sit there right and visit. And you really had no way of knowing where it stopped the where it started. That's one of the famous scams with construction zones. Is you really can't be sure where it stops and where it ends. And it was no reason for their most days to even days when it was no construction going on 30 miles an hour. So they're upset because they finally did a great construction job there. And there were some inconvenience to those of us who live out there in Westboro. But you know something they did a hell of a job. The DOT or whoever it is that we know we really give anybody credit. They did a fine job. And sunrise Boulevard now is a wide, sick plane, highway out there all the way to where the arena is going to be. It's a Mahayaman nice job guys. All they got to do is put the reflectors down. That'll be all done. And fixed that stop light and make it work. But that's one of the reasons that they got to do all this other business is because that was it. That was like shooting fish in a barrel man. That was that was a piece of cake. Who's going to be going 30 miles an hour on a fought forling a big four five. What ever it was at the time highway. Especially on a road where George is going 70 miles an hour. There's the one you want to get after is George Rodriguez. Okay. All you plantation porters and wherever else and sunrise you drive and where is it for a lot of nail. What part of sunrise like university and sunrise. Yeah plantation there you go. There's one for you in his beige Toyota 4 one or okay. He's going 70 miles an hour. What does it do? It's it's the pew's place. It's number. Yeah. Oh yeah never mind me. Yes, I'm driving home on the after all is talking to trying to go out these cops and all this bull crap. And I'm driving home on the turnpock. And here's an asshole in a green van. And he's like in the I'm in the middle lane on the turnpock. He's in the left hand lane. He's about to go buy me. But of course he sees the car. Obviously he knows what it is. And now he hits the break. And he sits out there and he kind of backs up and like he's looking over by shoulder. Was I wearing my seat belt? No, no I was not. But I am wearing my seat belt now. The audio plantation forkers. I don't want to give you an easy target. What an event of new product. It's just a sash. It looks like a seat belt. And you just put it on and sit down. It looks like we're not a new product. Oh, it's not. Oh sorry. See if I'd call that you know when do I get one of those? Yeah you go and see. Not only does he go 70 miles an hour on sunrise. Right in the middle of plantation there by university. And his pew's desert doing for when. He's also advocating violent while lawbreakers. He's the one not me. I'm the safe driver. He in fact rich showed the two maniacs. There's a man that drives 90 miles an hour in a school zone. That's how fast he go. This man is out of control. The fat man. Well he's fatty. He's got a you know heavy foot. Which by the way my foot is still killing me. I think I need acupuncture from that cracked proctologist. No, it was magnets that I talked about the prosthetic came back out of here. Here it's the end of February coming up now. And the bottom of my right heel is still not there for no change. Not getting worse. Not getting any better. Nothing in there. They x-rayed nothing in there. And of course that's great podiatrist over there. Cleveland Clinic. Nice chatting with you pal. Nice knowing that Jeff Clark is your brother-in-law. But nothing. Oh yeah, when you're going to do those stretching exercises. Yeah stretch this. Still the same. Maybe I could get an acupuncture is to come in here. Do you think so? Do they do acupuncture on your foot? Well yeah, yes. Because your foot is like you know, countless. It's hard. I mean that's supposed to make a difference. Really? It's not supposed to hurt. It's not supposed to hurt. Oh I see. But it does. It's not supposed to hurt when the plantation cops need to crap out of you either. Next time you go in 70 miles an hour. But it will. I think I'm going to start talking sports. Maybe we'll take a week and I'll just talk sports for one week and see if we can search for one caller that has any clue what they're talking about. Just amazing to me. Just an ongoing, just words. Just for a bit. Baba Baba Baba. I liked your consideration. Great to be said. It's baby crap. And that's the exact expression you use for baby crap. Like all these people calling in like this is something that's meaningful in anybody's life. We showed up at the White House yesterday. Not to the Iraqi ambassador's show up to see if we're going to avoid a war over there. Not if the president's lawyer's show up to see if he's going to want to be in a pizza or not. But did all of the Marlin show up there at the White House yesterday. This is important. Virginia. Virginia.