Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Loderdale presents the Neil Rogers show Talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for data ground or pound 560 on yourself All the opinions of Neil his guest pollers are anyone else on the show? Do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the feasly broadcast group now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-08 Why do you ask him? Heard there is no Christmas in the silly middle east No trees, no snow, no Santa Claus, they have different religious feelings Oh, they believe in Muhammad and not in our holiday And so every December I go to the middle east Ah Hey there mister, my mom married fucking Christmas but down that bus the car ran And here's some holiday wishes In case you haven't noticed, if she just said birthday So can I fear he's in my mom, have the fucking cell up right There is no holidays season in the iPard They don't hang up there stockings and that is just absurd They never read a Christmas story They don't know what rude office of the house And that is why in December I'll go to India and sign Hi there mister, Hindu is married Fucking Christmas, street egg nog and eat some beef and happen to the man Think I said you haven't noticed He's taken that birthday, talking off your head and can do that Fucking cell up right Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in Spain It creates a several dogs and put needles in their skin On December it's wanted to eat all they do is eat a tank And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and Bye Hi there mister, Hindu is very fucking Christmas God has done a shaker after the infidelity taken some In case you haven't noticed, their festive thanks for doing So let's all rejoice for Jesus' mercy I'm Christmas day, I travel around the world and say Now it's Christmas bonus and all you A-B-S-2 Mary, fucking Christmas So yeah Amen, 10-O-3 at 5-60 W-K-U-M Guess what we're here today? Oh, good news, even better news is we're playing the rack Even more so than yesterday, although I will say this Because, Joseph, well you really ought to talk about John Rocker today No seriously, and I'm going to shock you when I tell you this Because I just re-read this stuff and Hank Aaron's all pissed off And this one said this, and Bud Seely said What did Bud Seely say by the way? Ehh! That's what he always says 15 activists showed up outside Turner Field at Lannoy yesterday 15 count of them, I guess it wouldn't take long Also, I'm much of a lack of an activist town, you know? So it's for just some redneck But you know, I'm going to say something that might actually shock you And that is, who cares? I mean, what difference is it make it? That's his opinion if he's a bigoted moron, is that make him different from most jokes? No, no, it's just the fact that he's dumb enough to say it in public But so why should he be a penal opinionistized for it? Can't you give your opinion even if it's an ugly one And most people don't like it? And then if he goes to New York and happens to play against the meds And pitching that game, and then you want to hit him with a few bottles And batteries and stuff, that's his problem, you know? Why is that thing beeping back here now? Did that put the paper in right? We got the infax machine is beeping. God damn it, it's Christmas, you idiot. What do you have beeping back here? Yeah, it's not supposed to beep on Christmas, so Christmas, even whatever it is. Ah, Jesus Christ, what's wrong with you all at all? It isn't supposed to jam him far enough. There's nothing more so when you don't jam him far enough. There you go, listen to that perring sound of those faxes coming in Oh, seriously, doesn't he have first amendment right just because he's a guy that made you leave baseball player? You would think so. Granted, most of his comments were repugnant and grotesque, but I'm sure that we have plenty of people in this audience listening to me right now Who's say, Ed about John right on, maybe all the införators and faggots anybody with F. Furners, faggots and what else would that have? Yeah, ff, there is them too, yeah. So that's my humble opinion on that is just another big humble of, see it's okay to go out and murder somebody or to break in somebody's bedroom window at 5.30 in the morning and you'll have all kinds of people apologizing for that's okay. But if you happen to see words are bad, words are evil. Your accent that doesn't kind of be, you know, happened to be an ass murderer and slice two people's next open, that's okay. As long as you can play a good, go round of golf. And why are these people calling here? Are they that stupid that they don't realize we're not taking their calls? Yeah, no don't, don't do that to yourself please. It's the day before Christmas, do you want to start to put the headset on? No, don't do that. We're not taking any calls, okay. In fact, today marks the end of two weeks in a row with no calls. You may have heard one or two calls on the show, but that was on tape. What they was, it was it was it Wednesday that we had to tape from 10 to 10 30. Whatever day that was before that stupid basketball game was day. Whatever day it was. And there was one idiot call on everybody. I'm glad that we got that call on it because that is all the more reason not to take calls. That could Christian, he's not a cat luck, that he's not a Protestant, but the real ternic sounding old asshole. Yeah, so why say John Rocker, I may not like what you say. Well, what is now what they're always putting in the paper there? I mean, I'd like what you say, but I'll defend my death. You're right to say it, even if you're an obnoxious, big of the asshole. And you pissed a lot of people off. Is that what they're always saying? Yeah, who said that? I think Mark Schott said that, somebody like that. What's wrong with that? Is that an unacceptable opinion? The fact that he's got a right to say it in and right away. Well, what's your watch in the penalty B? What's in the punishment B? Punishment for what? Expressing obnoxious opinions? I say a lot of things in the show that some people out there fly obnoxious. Should I be penisized for it? Oh, no, I should get a big fat paycheck for us a month. And I do thank you. You're welcome. God, by the way, did you see the 60 minutes? Two p.s last night? I'm sure you did not about the drinking, boozing, especially college kids. About that fraternity kid that died, the never drank before in his life. That 21-year-old kid and all these other kids. See, there were two things in American culture you're never going to change. And they go together very, very well. In fact, you know, I should play. I should play that beef wooden son's liquor and liquor and guns. Because that's what this country's founded on. In fact, during these holidays, now Christmas in New Year is you drive around. You'll see a lot of drugs driving. You'll also hear a lot of questions because right next like any holiday. You know, it used to be only the fourth of July. But now it's New Year's probably Christmas, even a Hanukkah, the redneck, the lot there in two of some guns up in New Year. Because it's the American F and Way, baby. Yeah, it was a disgusting enough to me. I just bring tears to your eyes. That didn't seem most there because I was too busy watching. The maple leaves, wind your fifth and a roll. I've gone Air Boys kicked them New Jersey ass and a penguins pull them out of their ass. Nice going Air Penguins. A lot of hockey on there if you've got the hockey package. Of course, if you're still a prisoner of your cable, all we can do is laugh at you. How could you be that slow? How could anybody that be that stupid? The still at this point be a prisoner of their cable. I'm sure you have a small dish in the house. No? I'm working on one. Come on. Get with it. Get with the Prove. The local channels was the last last drop. Well, guess what? All you got to do is look on here on Channel 901. Anytime you have a moment or two on in there. And it's got the phone number to call. Well, there you can't call the end because you may have the probably a good idea to go out and buy the dish. First, then you can call the number after Christmas sales. There you go. Well, they practically paying you to take them now. They're almost for free. And you can get some, you call up the hammer. Some fake or like came into install it for you. No problem at all. Say good. That should be one of your new years resolutions right now. All you people out there say goodbye to your cable company in 2000 or sooner or the case may be you still got a week to go. Just say good bye to them with that crap. Get the football package on there. You see all those really crappy football games. Get the basketball package, college packages. Whatever and how do you want? Whatever you like, you pay for what you like. And then the basic package has got everything that's on here. Only with a much better picture and doesn't go out every time a pigeon's got diarrhea. And got your important local channels under two men and the network affiliates. Which does anybody want to see the independent stations here? Oh no, God forbid. Especially those Julio stations. It'll be a breath of first year not that to be channel serving and come across. I know. I know. Under the channel. Also by the way, the religious channels aren't on there. I forgot about that. We won't have to see Janet Paul's crotch anymore either. So we're going to play a lot of good stuff. Today we got all those voice mail and we have to play. A lot of great stuff. Try not to duplicate too much from yesterday with the exception of some of the latest gems from the top 10. Like red rewashers and socks things like that. Well, we don't want to leave that out. Do we want to leave that out? No, screw in. No, we'll share one leave her out. Hmm. We got a special place in health for that pitch. 9 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WQM. Your fighters remain perched high on these long ladders. A hoses in hand. Hi. I met you for a few for cancer. We have a large selection of booze and firearms in the state and will personally assist you in choosing the Crutch Delphoholic Bevergan weapons for your next album. Go and square a hunt and then you'll love our low prices on schnapps and hangry nates. Look at the city. Check out our CO on hands on to tell a 41. Maybe you are an interested in hunting yourself defense. Maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a mailbox. Well, we've got gallenges, wild turkey and 44 magnum shells on sale. They sweet down like a broken 24 hours. We've never checked out these and we're in our air proof. So come on down to view for a day and set out a liquor and guns where everything leaves loaded. Okay, 1014 at 5.60 WQM. Here's some incredibly distressing news. Part for the course here at QAM. This is our good friend Eric who this is a great job with our website and your rodgers.com. But it says I've been writing and calling broadcast.com for weeks to find out why they stop archiving your show. But can never get a response now I know why. According to the attached news story, which I don't have yet. And just a few days your internet listeners may be unable to hear not only the archives, but also your highly-weighted live show. And Greg, this also means that internet listeners won't be able to hear the lowly-weighted all important sports programs either. Also, according to this news story, another station manager's on to the country. We're notified of impending change months ago. You have, you do have a station manager. Don't you? No. Remember last year when a control room was moved for the stupor bowl. If you're looking for a ticket over a month for somebody to reconnect the wire in the broadcast server. So I'm sure you know where this is going. This could all be prevented. If somebody's station stops washing their socks, get it? I'll get so off their dove. Find out what needs to be done and does it. I'm not holding my breath, Eric says. Come the new year. I'll have my trusty battery operated GE Superway due to keep me company in the underground bunker. While I run out the Y2K crisis. I don't have the other story at the other page. Isn't coming yet? How do you like that? So more technical and confidence here at QAM. That's why you don't have any more archives after December 7th. A day that'll live in for me. And that's why they may not be here in the show. And even right now as I speak, I have no idea. I don't know. What do you give me a look? The other day I was trying to listen to this station on the internet. Yeah. I couldn't hook up. Couldn't hook up because we're not on there. Because we're not there. Because again something with a construction or whatever the story is that Eric's going to fax me if he ever does fax was had on having. But nevertheless, there was some technical thing that they had to do to make a change. Did they do it? Did they do it? No. No. But the good news is the phones are working today. I'm not taking any calls. But the good news is those are working. We're not on the internet anymore at the moment. I'm glad nothing's wrong with my computer. And the archives are like two and a half weeks short. For people who want to catch up on all of good stuff. That's been going on here. And also people who want to hear those great shows with no phone calls. Can they hear? No. No. Because once again, not here on it today before Christmas, we have to have a little generous in their hearts. It's the way your holidays. But I'm going to tell you something seriously. The people in charge of this place. You talk about slackers. I mean, they just don't do anything. And not only that. But even if they did want to do something, do they know anything about me? No. Not to mention our engineering department. I was especially impressed yesterday when George Corso walked in there about five minutes after two, expecting I'd be gone. Of course. And stood there with at Look on his face like, Oh, gee, the phone doesn't work. I'm realize he's very busy with that Scotch tape and the pages blue. He's always got the excuse of well. He's got to patch together the kids transmitter and he's over a pound of his six. And all of that may well be true. But you see, it doesn't hold much weight with me. Being the hardest that I am. I really don't give a crap about all his other things. We care about what's going on here, which we really don't get too much attention to it. No. And now that the show, now that Neil Rogers.com, I mean, you can still order your stuff for a more center one off of there and you can still do some other things on here. But can you hear the show? No. How do you like that? How do you like that, maples, huh? I'm still waiting for the other page by the way, Eric. Do we have it yet? Captain's U-Law. Starbase 1225. So at the technical equipment and on the other block, the crew is feeling nice. Spirit's on the block. The chemistry and what should I get spot for specialties? I can't find your mom's big enough for this. I'm out of my bones. Get a hold of yourself. There's a shot for a Vulcan catalog in my capital. Stop. I was a decoration coming. I need more time, Captain. Not dimension 10. So well, set your faces on. I shall. Yes, Mrs. Barth. Here's your phone, am I? Open the mirror, son. Yes, God. Oh, God. Well, to check off, we got no so bright. Won't you drive my sister's life? Yes, Captain. You're a liar. Get me on the bridge. I gotta find yourself. I am John Luke, the spirit of Star Trek Future. I am the after-bring new tidings of Great George, and another movie's here. How can this be? It's a mirror. Got it. Fuck. Captain's law supplemented. And the ball spirit's cry as he seems out to this trick. You're all making a mill. Why stop with Star Trek 6. After all the ballers. When I hold side, don't see phrases. And I hold side to both mind. That I bought you a brand new raises for the bush between your side. I don't want to hurt your speed. But if you care it all about fun, then just try to trim a little on the side. When you're enthusiastic, add a little bit of speed, a little bit of less time. Not too far, I take it for months, but I like it dry and go for fun. I feel it free, you know, you're cheating, but I feel it crazy. I don't want to smell a toothache. When I'm down the tree, your legs. And it's smelling kind of gazing. You could use the fractures, I'm not trading through the jungle, but far as the grill, that you got. Because I feel like I'm having sex with these times. All right. When you're enthusiastic, add a little bit of inside, or you'll ask us to stop. Not too far, I take it for months, but I like to try and go for fun. Every time we do this, after actually, I think the toothache. I don't see lots of people up, but I don't have to laugh. I don't have to laugh. I don't have to laugh. I don't have to laugh. I don't have to laugh. I don't have to laugh. Ever wonder what happens if a British super group of racists know, lots of people thought they'd find these from out of ways to rip off the beetles, not even the folks. Oasis is back with a new CD that's like nothing you've never heard before. It's Oasis. Don't let it be. Be united! My way! Under one! Oasis. Don't let it be. He gives you a chance to listen over and over again to incredibly original songs like this. I'd like to be. Meet the service of the ocean, in an eight-on secret. Just cultivate your patch with you. Oasis, don't let it be. You'll move you. It will stop you. It will make your lemon spin and is great. And that's a conclusion. The love you see. And the racity proportionate to the love. Use E-man. And look for no Gallagher's new solo LP. Abby Highway on Snackle Records. She talks to guys who allow addiction. Hey, honey, can I buy you the trick? Vinegar, we don't do it. Ben, Joe, we paid it. He asked her to do your come here up. He said, like you're doing it up all the time. Can I get you a drink on me? It's not mine, the storm I left. It's meant for rarer, you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, it will wait. You know, you feel it for fun. I like that fish next course. That's good. You're a fine-le of my mull. But, shout out. He got to pee now. The right back is going to join the drink. Where does she know it's with? She died. Oh, yeah. But, don't look good. Break down a lot of fifties when the check comes. Yeah, man, the union. Then it's back to the spring tonight. What do you mean, no? What do you mean? Yes, he talks to Gweedow. Come on, honey. They always fancy, go all day. Come on, sweetie, I'll show you. Oh, yes, he talks to Gweedow. Come on, baby. I'll look fan now, bring. Bring me some old brain. Who said that? Yes, he talks to Gweedow. Let's point. He's my uncle. Yes, Gweedow. Where are you? Oh, yes, he talks to Gweedow. He's always in the same way. I only want you to go and jump back with Gweedow. Oh, no. And you, baby, Jean. It's El Shorbe. It's the old jake on the hill, no? Oh, and you, eh? What about this? Oh, and you. See about this? Elper's amazing. Hey, boy, whore. Huh? Huh? You can think. As much as you can. Oh, yes. You're a man. You're a pro. You're an acceptable ex-manageer. You're not a pro. You're a despist. I'm the dumb. As the as a pro guy, and whoever you're. You'll take your tango and report your ideol你們 Moulins Producer of胸肉 Peel barfаєl由 showcased Los reches You have spursasMadiano. Hayo Muico China. He drawing with his 120 age to much more combinations — and freeiiiiiiiiiiii... legenbase and new division I'm having some nerve cues i would never try it I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I'm not a child, I I'm grieving, it's too hard and believing, for the thrill is that so fun, today the guys really hunt us, I change the leaves, give the last be and, yeah, I'm not a man, you must be something wrong to get, I really don't know where I went wrong now, I can't believe she's left me and I see her left me and I'm not here, I really don't know where I went wrong, maybe she hurt something that's wrong now, okay so here's the story that they were finally fact, I don't realize it's a holiday Zurich, but you're usually a little bad to miss, but nevertheless, Yahoo broadcast will eliminate all real audio streams and files before New Year's Day, immediately replacing them with Windows Media Player content according to Yahoo broadcast users in the radio industry. This will cause a break in service for a lot of people says one affected user, listeners will have to download and begin using Windows Media Player instead of real-a-real player in order to receive broadcast according to the resources and Unix users will be rendered permanently unable to access any Yahoo broadcast content because Windows Media Player does not have Unix version. The sources add that the material, the material, our coiled in real-player format no longer will be accessible here Yahoo broadcast unless it's converted to the Windows Media Player format, a potentially difficult and expensive process, expensive, that leaves us out, huh? One ready-win history manager reports being said in New Broadcasting Server containing Windows Media rather than real broadcasting software with no notification of the answer or even for the service switch. Another who sends a station signal directly to you, Yahoo broadcast offices for retransmission without use of a server since he was informed of the change, but not of the exact date nor of a simple case for users. A Yahoo in spokesman declined opportunity to comment on the switch. How do you like that little bait and switch? So we're getting a little bit of taste of our own medicine here at QAM, a little bait and switch. Like those expensive spots being run in the middle of UN basketball. 1026 and 560 WQMs. Biggest. Mask car racing has got hottest sport with hottest driver. But if you're a fan of Natcock, where do you go when you want to keep the adrenaline pumping desert? Nat far. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yes, it's been pushing all day and you're feeling a little tight. Loosen up with a couple of rounds at Nat far. Looking for a little extra bite, think of the menu and try a couple of wedges of cheese or if you're on a diet. Ask for a restricted plate menu. And when you need to make a tip stop, our crew will get you in and out in 20 seconds. Go, go, go, try and I'm trying to stop cleaning my glasses already. And when you're back in the action, try out the high bank dance floor where you can safely dance, no detail thanks to your own spotter. It's not time to have your filler, silver, and come on around the corner and try your self to drink at Nasspar. Speaking of that, by the way, Jill Kustow will be at the Marmorning, even on Christmas Day. What a trip or baby. I'm Christmas Day to do that exciting motorsport show at systemar morning. And look at this. Even now is that going to be live the golf show with Kimba and Mark Wood, now it's on tape. See, Joe's coming in live tomorrow. I'm like Kim Bo Kampers taking off on Christmas Day being a professional boy. And then it says here an objective depot, he'll be in morning when he's being alive. He'll be in we know that because that's his trade out show on Saturday morning. That's his lifeblood. So he'll be in for that awful Sony sports show now. And managed to tend to do in tomorrow morning. Yeah, look at this. And all my God is a special trick to all the going out there on Christmas Day. Have a great Christmas, Donnie, and cheer up with you. There goes Donnie Bee boy. He's depressing. Josh Friedman, noon the four tomorrow. How do you like that? It's a way of getting even with the going out there for Christmas. No, noon the four. You'll be sure one of them is dead. So when we say yes, we do know why did you pick up up those calls by the way? We just curious as to why they were all ringing. They all rang at once. Yeah, the bad. Well, they called they rang because they want to tell us that we're still on the internet. And Eric did mention that in a subsequent fact for now we're on there. But a change is coming any moment, any second. And are we going to be prepared for here with QAM? Are we on top of this? Oh, are we aware of this? Oh, are we ready to prepare to spend that money? It's either the internet or the baseboards out there in a hallway and it was baseboards today are looking pretty good. Pretty damn good. Are they working today? Oh, because it's close to Christmas Eve already. So our hard work and folks out there are not working on it today. The nevertheless, the progress is scintillating. You would be astonished. I bet you by the year 25 25 we get that guy then project finished. And it's seven to go on the thing with power plug. Read free to store a slinger pie or playoff line. Aren't you the victim and it will be cobbled up. It was at the peak over around the end. Hold it to the end. Hold it to the end. Hold it to the end. Hold it to the end. Stop running Jagger if you want. Take the right to do 50 minutes. Yager from the right white circle and the pick one forеть gains only four and a brave tribe. I'm back with a hack song, Yarrmere Yager. Time to the goal to Coral has passed the lesson. Now there's a link for it. He's going to call it a good of a lake. Coral, I've been chasing them again for a! Yarrr! The fifth score has been gone in the season of the league. And he's going to call it a hack. Just the map gap. The judge down the ice. Here's a beat of Yarrr. And he's going to call it a good. This is a run. Just look at tonight. I've had him get to the middle of the night. The arena. And it's just the way about the league. With the lots of games between Christmas and New Year's. This is one lot of the kids around. Here's Markov in. Markov holding the pot. Markov stepped up with a center star. That has brought all four types at home. And the league's leading to the war. Oh! Sunday. Dr. McCutt could have been proud by the handout. On the playoff, Yarrr. And it's the center right. R. R. That's the hope when taking a pass. I have to go wild under the Grand Cross for Thomas Scott. In the hope. On the Sunday. On the Sunday. On the Sunday. On the Friday. On the Friday. On the Sunday. On the Friday. On the Friday. On the Sunday. On the Sunday. On the Friday. On the Sunday. On the Sunday. On the Sunday. On in sales!(1.2300 27.87177 elegant version.) On the Sunday. On July. It hits the ball. Shandash six Three success. The next. And I think you can like this the other one over. I've been to Peter's bedroom, brought wood and sour crab. I love our coldest kid girl, our rules are narrow out. I put our leaner hold and tie with our funny hat. The town of the grass do the tampess of the ferris. It's a sound you hold, okay, yeah, it's my favorite. That's something I'm looking for, yeah. Feel your fear, sign up, sing it like this, oh girl, we can't get it rolled up. You're just like the trouble I told you. Sing, don't be a girl, I'm singing a life, you're just like a fool. Sing it like this, oh girl. I'm singing a pumpkin, oh girl, the bad guy goes home, but I'm gonna be a little bit of a little bit of a job. Dance with your grandma, during a lonely cold girl, the kids and their no fear, those drinks sometimes do a cold girl, the kids don't care about that. Listen to a cold cold girl, listen to a cold cold girl, hear me when the loud pop pop, come to the scene, so that's another day you do. OK let's lay down here I'm back in front of my feet, I'm here, without precision, I'm a doctor, I know you really suit a doctor, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I i'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I need to die, get rid of my heart, die, die When you want to love it in 5-60 WQM boy we got some stuff coming up today or what? No, not much. Well, it's 2 o'clock today. We got an early Jimmy, we got a shot to be special shots in show. I'm telling you one thing about Jimmy. Even an asshole. Anyway, that's it too. And then, well, because we got NFL footballers afternoon, how do you like that? Yeah. Now, I wonder if you're not seeing Dallas in the Orleans. I wonder what that works out going to be on CBS? Because that means the guiding lights are going to be preemptive this afternoon. Oh, that would be bad. Just when Vanessa is about to make it come back. Just when the Reaves are about to lose their mind. I mean, just when all the good stuff is that on CBS? You sure? I think it's on Fox. Oh, I sure hope so. Huh? Yeah, that's all right. Let's hear it. It's on Fox. We can see what's going on there this afternoon, huh? Maybe even Billy Jr. will make an appearance with those bad list. But anyway, so Dallas at New Orleans today. Anybody going to be listening to that game? No. And he was going to watch an end game. No. Oh, my God. Talk about your Christmas turkey. There it is. Let's get to D.K. Sharon MC. Why didn't you stop the beauty director. Let's make sure that you're going to start your unfolded game. I'm going to touch whatый. And if we don't think we're going to be a collectors like you'll never have something to be done on the show. Live noious. I can't really think of as soon as I hear that. We could be got a shot, special, if we can ask Ole and I probably am, said it would so on. Hard acts. Boy, more and more people talk to be about him. Saying man alive, he's an asshole. Yeah, everybody I talked to tells me that except some people are on here, of course. Who's still have their head stuck in there? Hey, when you're in the mood for a really simple time, there's only one club that can satisfy that simple, scored score, desire, and that's Club Madonna. Club Madonna's got over 50 new Joe girls performing lines, 6pm to 6pm. If you're planning a bachelor party or celebrating being single again, Club Madonna offers you the most outrageous time, scored score. Every two of the club Madonna come up to your everyday girl, take it off on stage, during Club Madonna's amateur strip tease competition. And if you're like to drink, what could be better than enjoying, Club Madonna's already can drink for $10 daily special, while watching Mommy Beach's hottest exotic dances perform. So when you're in a mood for a really simple time, scored score, head to Mommy Beach's premier adult club Club Madonna. At 1527, watch the name of the new song Beach, or call 305-5-3-4-2000 to plan your next out of the Rages Party at scored score, Club Madonna. This is 5-6pm. You way out. Hi everybody, you know the holiday, but I'm hard in time to control your weight. That's why I've come up with a way for you to stay here, fall for a jelly, with wet food to the carol. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll also get, the kids get a three-hand testing house for a hug. I love it. You'll be flexing your all as power stepping through a winter winter as a back-fading fun. I'll eat, run, score, grab, run. You'll be co-ho-ho holding in your stomach and unrapping your thighs as you join me singing. All the rock for granted is to touch my face. Richard Smith, wetting to the carol, available on the fairer mound, home video. Alright, there he was just a walkin' on the sea stand. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. The next thing I knew we had a limit on a speech thing. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. You'll be dancing to the tune up. My critics say I'm breezy, you're going to be a good girl. And I'm born here and I'm dead. You don't care who's alive, I'm done. Wherever I've been, don't care if I'm alive. But people still love me who's alive, done. Where I slept, don't care what I've been. All right, pop-dolls. Just meeting in the right wing conspiracy to order. What are we going to do about this now? Here's a meeting, my lady. We've been pushing in there. Let me make runs. Oh, pop-dolls. The one they murdered people wanted to. I remember when I was president back in May. Why don't you go back to sleep, Rod? First, whatever happened to those photos of the him and the new woman you said you had. You were talking to the facts, those mouths. Read my left. No nude facts, did it. Well, we need something on this guy. Bob Dull wants him out of the white house. I remember when money and I were in the white house. Yeah, time, Rod. Put your hand on the cake. I don't get it. We caught this guy literally with his pants down, but people just don't care. You don't care who I have done. Where I've been, don't care if I'm alive. Cause you lost your love of me who's been screwed. If I've been screwed, I'm still alive. Cause you lost your love of me who's been screwed. Who I've been screwed. If I've been screwed, I won't be everything. Cause you're all making love of me. The new from the makers of the CK1, the Center for both sexes comes the nilis and aromatic apothecary acts made just for homosexual. D-I-C-C-U-D-I. C-K1 is the diff-ducent for the eight-all-turned-mid-life dog. Some problems can lead you feeling half-cocked and smell doesn't last long. With D-I-C-K1, use it for the other face and you're good to go say I like D-I-C-U. Scientists are actually designed with Chevrolet designs and she's far-mech-fracted to D-I-C-K1. In the 12-inch bottle with the purple tip-the-spuncer, it's the all-new C-I-C-K1. And coming soon, the all-new Center for lesbians. S-S-Y-1. Really? Are you known to bathroom? Yeah, normal, you're right out. A little really Stanford just found something amazing. And his life will never be the same. God, you sure are in there enough a lot? Are you all right in there, Willie? Almost finished. Coming soon, the theaters everywhere. Get full of food. Yes. When I found my dad's porno. Willie, spread it all the clean-exco. And what's this all over the floor? Are you eating in here again? From the press and awkward gene to the happiest guy in school, Willie's never has found heaven in his father's whole chest. Oh, it's okay, Mom. You and Dad do what? I'll see you in much the house. I don't mind. When I found my dad's porno, made his PG-13, all kids age 13 must see this film. No. There's a video just for adults. Cherry Springer, since I've got to get these guys on my show. See how one big fat captain wearing an ugly blue suit gets down the pants of this agreeing gene. And wait till you see what he does with dancing there. Grandfather clock can't keep his hands off of Mr. Moose and watch money rabbit getting himself a little cotton tail. And when the balls fall on these guys faces, they love it. Captain Kangus Crew. No one video through the homo shopping network, Captain Kangus Crew. No one video. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. That's the thing, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. That's the thing, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. You don't think about the thrill if you tell where it's at. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. Hey, John. That's the thing, that's the thing, John. Hey, John. That's the thing, that's the thing. The thrill is to stand the wind's big fat guys. You know how to face the boldness right. That's the thing, to the showers and the house. We want to be the skits for the dark of the town. And John. And John. And John. That's the thing, John. He wants definitely. He gets a pass, envj poppin'. He wants all down, but they America is up again. She won't go down. What ends up again? You're now looking over to keep the town. She won't go down. What ends up again? You're now looking over to keep the town. Keep it in its thought he'd be. With your subdued man. He tried to work between. He tried to book a drink. He needed hot drinks to get a rent ticket. He told the dad a real rich student's real daughter. He told the dad what the hell is all he got for. Today is the way for such basketball. Lovely goal. All right you enjoy. She won't go down. What ends up again? You're now looking for a Mary Keefeat card. Keep only on the ball of time. Why ends up again? You're now going to keep the town. She won't go down. What ends up again. You're now looking over to keep the town. She won't go down. What ends up again? You're now looking down on the tree. Your number doesn't have the擦 out? of Pokemon and all the other things. It's a 10.57, you know, real hot and overdone exciting for about five minutes and then that's it. 10.57 at 5.60 WQM. Oh so to celebrate. I'm going to take you to the right. You're going to take a breath. You're going to take a breath. You're going to take a breath. You're going to take a breath. You're going to take a breath. You're going to take a breath. You're going to take a breath. You're going to take a breath. You're going to take a breath. You're going to take a breath. You're going to take a breath. I'm going to take a breath. You're going to take a breath. You're going to take a breath. You're going to take a breath. You're going to take a breath. in its atmosphere the gently coming The beat, the beat, the beat. The beat, the beat, the beat. The beat, the beat, the beat. The beat, the beat. The beat, the beat. The beat, the beat. The beat, the beat. The beat, the beat. The beat, the beat. The beat, the beat. The beat, the beat. The beat, the beat. The beat, the beat. The beat, the beat. The beat, the beat. And her questions are realized Put your head through my side For now let's start to remember All we do is through my finger First now that starts to lean All you do is pull my finger Not because people turn their nose As my social certain pose is very odd Well, one to turn the tangent burn high So she could make it to critics to decide Let me give you my advice Don't have talent as a singer But I'll let you do my part Throw that stuff to linger All you do is pull my finger All you do is pull my finger All you do is pull my finger In that book I made it to you The magic fire was of a man It's where I feel The magic fire And my judalki I sometimes dare The magic fire I like his walking, I like his hair The magic fire And my judalki is jeans when he struts The magic fire I just love his magic fire The magic fire The magic fire When we're on tour I just hope The magic fire You lose his grip and drop the soul The magic fire The magic fire I see my hair on I try to get him The magic fire The magic fire The magic fire The magic fire If you love those great songs from those great mafia movies You'll flip over real mob hits Not only does real mob hits give you more of that great mob music But you also get awesome sounds of real mob hits Like look at the ice picked the armor Getting here is at the hundred and six street Bobbershop Forget about it Ah Well who can forget Solidfish getting the old piano wire across the throat Oh, that's a crock If I remember correctly it was a bee flat Ha ha ha ha ha So what a real mob hits now If you know what's good for you Just by dialing one eight hundred body being real mob hits Hey, it's real Forget about it Look at all the red dick girls That all certain airing girls go into the bar to get from drinks Getting beat by redneck's last like what you need Ninome cops there what could the c**k in country Look at all the redneck's love Eat one chip eat their huss It's their dreams I'd wonder Walmart shorts They smell like an old with dogs They're big of a strife not the law They're probably similar to breads of pork Some but it's the only wire all trailer parts of my life Handle for some ain't those soup from hell Little rake and belly fat and velvet cheese Welcome answer brothers place the band going the tree Take pride into her attention Says it says this is in the best foundations of the Christian family Or again I praise the Lord And thanks to their flavors when they're born What would Jerry's trigger do without those redneck riddles Who's the f**k? It's a story When I was little I was a skinny little Home They wouldn't let me play that hip-hop To gain juice to push me around Even the host beat the crap out of me But then I started drinking milk I kept on drinking I kept on drinking I kept on drinking And now I'm a six foot five bitch 285 pound angry mother f**k And I'm gonna put some serious on everybody who ever ditch me You f**k me you go home in a body fat Because I'm a natural born milk drink and kill Milk It does a body Hold it Hit Hurt Hurt Go live Go live Go live Right Come back training What's fun Come at training What's fun Grab my trigger and shoot my gun Grab it And shoot it I like marching It's full beer He like marching in so dear I like bringing up the rear He like bringing up the rear Here's a fence I got a scale Here's a fence he's got a scale Oh my god, I'm broken there Oh my god he's broken there And my router wrong And my router wrong And old one two And old three four And old one two three four one two Three four Fortune crowned marching on Fortune pad is marching on We won't wear no pink shuffin We won't wear no pink shuffin Carmen life is all I need Army life is all I need A loser greeting Give me sweet A loser greeting Gilleswaves Captain made me dig a ditch Captain made him dig a ditch Drill sergeant Touch up ditch Shuffin I did a second Corporal's make my shortest Herable make his shortest Heral's make my plan a girl Heral's make his plan a girl And my router wrong And my router wrong He's right Found old one two Found old three four And old one two three four one two Three four Lebanon on the 5.60 WCM has a fact This is the morning area you're having problems with local channels on the dish Uh-huh, little bit It says I have a problem with channels freezing with four z's in it Once in a while Well mine are freezing with only one z's in it but nevertheless Just for a little bit It's a little technical thing it's like our thing on the internet You want to see the one facts I got over here which I left for the engineering people and George and those people want to pause gear around with it There is nothing worse like the day that I did the show about my DSL line. Oh my god I'm still want to apologize to myself for that show that day When all these computer nerds are calling in with all of this well You got to stick this over here and I've missed in your rectum Forget it, okay Let people deal with that who have the patience for it I have the patience Oh, but I do have this neat computer in the monitor with us Do you know I had a call yesterday at home From somebody I barely even know one and a half how much I want for that computer Ha ha ha ha ha ha It's a tourist story in between the 700 solicitation calls by the way You know two day the day that I had off because we had a super basketball game so I was home most of the day And I was very weak days when I'm home most of the day Those are the days that I realize just what hell the phone is What what is that all about 65,000 solar is a Mr. Raj Mandra calma how about Mr. Schmander there is no Mrs. Ramallah And of course now my new technique is no he left on a banana boat he'll be back about a year from circus any kind of a story I can make up Okay, we'll call again 10 thanks to 11 at 5.50 WCWM Gowzi Gowzi Talking on a board show Trying to be my show Your voice sounds just like a fantastic year of girl A little for a two show What else are you thankful Gowzi Gowzi Talking like a baby Who needs a little training Like a few answers now You don't know like a man Reboot the rubber band That choke Your throat comes healthy Gowzi Gowzi Gowzi Your lucky management doesn't know Gowzi You don't belong there on the air And Gowzi Those sports can wait till your voice cracked Gowzi Anyone who sounds like that should find another job And say should only take you back when both your babies drop How Gowzi Gowzi When you're gonna grow up You feel a sweet people Gowzi Gowzi You're a great youth and this voice Thank you Now I can't but Gowzi Gowzi Gowzi Gowzi Gowzi Gowzi Gowzi Gowzi Gowzi Gowzi Gowzi Gowzi Gowzi Gowzi Gowzi You fint I know you are the einer I'm a counsel Gowzi The clock Tryle There are two Noodles They are endless Safe綺 Around My wife got me these socks. My favorite kind of dark brown. Gold diamond's down each side of the ankle. Gotta get what I can get that one at good scrub now. And then down by the... whereby... And why? Sixth of hole because I didn't trim my toenails that way. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna start on the other one. Okay. Okay. Oh, no. What is it, though? What's up? What's in the car? Oh, oh, you have no temperature. Oh, I did take him out. He's even catching some. He's a... That'd be a good little fat director and go back to your office. Oh, okay. There's nothing to worry about. That can't be bad. And schedule her. Maybe clear channel fire. Hey, kid. Are you tired of that neighborhood, boy? Yes, oh my lunch, money. I shut up, kid. And tell him, want to hold a mail next time. Six times, fight back. But he's bigger than me. No, no, no. Just how mom next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store. Pick up a pack of new, sh**k, cat candy bars. Sh**k? Yes, it's a new candy bar. Beat entirely from recycled cold-done. guaranteed to turn your stomach. So next time, all right, kid. Give me a lunch. No, no. Please don't take it. Just shut up and hand it over. Okay, here you go. But whatever you do, please don't eat my candy bars. Hey, cool. Ah, this tastes like sh**k. So, you want my lunch tomorrow too? We got a lunch. You got a little lunch. When you take the bite of that sh**k cat bar. To the grand off the brown nose reindeer. Always want a blast in line. The bad time he's got a brown nose. Following you close behind. All of the other reindeer. Love to make him combat sneeze. They all would stop abruptly. And one of them would cut the cheese. Whoa! One day, random scots, vena. He said this job stinks. Find yourself a new couple. He gave them all a Christmas to her. Santa and all the reindeer. Baby, can't you shut up, please. Rand off the brown nose reindeer. You should try pottollucky. Here's my story, Santa true. A bout of girl calls to fool us so. Had a bug and ran it around. Give it to every guy in town. Baby, please. I'll be with you. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. He's not that Santa. I'll be with you. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. I shouldn't have known from the bottom of the lake. I didn't know for the Euro-deliver. I bought a boat always be with you. To stay away from the surface soon. To the surface soon to see the night. No, the set's from a friend of mine. You got to expect us now. I've got you too. Mina, don't figure out. vulnerability in the town, that only man seemed a little grunt. But what will you say by the way? Think it's the kind of ya around? New from the National Scientific Research Institute comes upon a guaranteed revolutionized by healthcare industry. The new and improved, I can't believe it's not an animal. Right now, from the president's council on health, actor Arnold Schwarzenegger. Yes, this product will clean your poop alike, nobody's business. Excuse me, sir. My damage rate. Provee? Well, I really don't shut up and bend over. Stop being a little girl. Wow, hey, get that. Hey, oh, that feels great. What an animal. It's not an animal. It's not an animal at all. It's new. I can't believe it's not an animal. That's right. The brand new I can't believe it's not an animal. Now, with cutting edge, leap proof technology. No, mass, no fast, no duty on your shoes. Get yours today. And I'll accept the job to say hello. If you just wish me something good now, then I can't forget you and that's not a lie. There's a message that you're right to your tears wide. Oh, wow. We don't see dumb enough, she likes to jump behind. Got it on TV, I've watched it just a little time. I'll take you to the next life. Get up so that you can't forget about it. It's not an animal. I can't believe it's not an animal. Got it on TV, I can't believe it's not an animal. Oh, it's not an animal. If you just wish me something good now, then I can't believe it's not an animal. Jimmie and Danny and Danny, Danny and Danny, Danny and Danny, like Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny, Danny and Danny and Danny thank you, we have a moreable from занимarr Hello. Oh, yes can you hear me okay? I've I've got a question about Ooh alright. Okay, Jamie and Danny situation. All right. Jamie and Danny. Jamie and Andy. Jamie and Bailey. Du mega. Jamie and Dougths, Jamie and Doug fourth five, Day 1, тысяч,峰 Ready, Debbie and Maggie. Jamie and Cindy. Jamie and Eddie, Jamie and Annie. Jamie and Danny. Jamie and Danny. Jamie and Ellie. Jamie and Tanner. Jamie and acc�. Jamie and Cindy. And Jenny and Danny busy for some nice night . Fury a salad. And Danny mar about Jenny and Danny after this word from Valley Along The Potters for Ever Yepotten comes with its own sajarat ass. I don't get through her bedSh knowledgeable. I'm not a kid, I'm a kid. When I did I knew who was crippled, I got nothing new, it's your play over fish. I guess my girlfriend forgot what she was. She said it's not a bitch whatsoever else it's why. I'm not a kid, I'm a kid, I'm a kid, I'm a girl's name. It's a found out, believe it's just the words of that. Why did that bitch dance me? It was too dark to see. She'd be the better mother of those bitches. It's just a bitch. It's just a bitch. It's just a bitch. In the tradition of the disaster musical comes into Lloydwebbers, Jews in the attic. The end Frank Dyerie, you'll leave the theater humming those catchy tune. Like, no more being, I'm writing all this down. Don't flush till I'm not these go home. I turn in my parents for a stick of the odorant. It's Jews in the attic. The end Frank Dyerie, C.D. available now. Oh, right. When this quarter back gets lonely, she likes receive a better wife. There. Some people say that number ages gave. Oh. They say, throw lots of big brim eyes. A.C. man. You go down as easy man. It's guys he likes to please take men. He loves to snap cowboys on their behind. He's got a spot to spare a petition. America's team is world renowned. But he's drogain. I've heard some people say, In the heart of he goes down. Oh, right. He goes down as easy man. I can't suppose his freees make me. Don't live here because he likes it from behind. Why are you airing like this? This is 560, you A-M. Don't pay him, God. So no need for his graduate callers. Don't pay him, God. So no. Just saying that sort of thing of apples That only call you on the phone. Wanna hear their voice on the radio. Don't pay him, God. So, they could drip you nothing to the show. Don't pay him, God. So, so no joke sounds fines is when he don't pick up. So, so. We've already heard it all. They got me, you got him on the phone. So, his show is out the call. No. And, uh, no. Let them go find something else they do. So, more chronic, gluten likes a guy with the eyes. So, fall on Harvey's new year too. And, that is God. Thanks, you. So, pay it, God. So, we like the way it goes. So, so, so. One more can please roll on that. Two more can you pull a bunch of packets back. Working in high call for one to back. So, in, uh. And, they're placed up back to the sheet. Hello, no. I want to take you a question. My son was watching your program on, um, on when me and my Emmy, the date was, um, 15. And, um, I don't know if you're some kind of anti-crime for something. Because now my son wants to worship the devil because he thinks it's cool. And, you also want to just as lay these and then solicit on now. I don't know if the whole 10 or 69 is the anti-crime channel. Um, please, I'm really concerned. And, I would like to know if you're the anti-crime. Thank you. And, please, as I see you somewhere, I wouldn't even stop in to the water. Because, now you turn my son into a baguette. And, you made my son, so, the anti-crime. Thank you. And, ever make a day. Hello, I am a black female American and I'm calling due to the fact that I am listening to 16, 8, and currently, and I do not appreciate the comments that are being made referring to black Americans. It is ridiculous that the way they're talking about people on the world, because they're more white people on the world. And, America then blacks. There's more white trash out there. They're not trying to get exactly just want to lay around and have baby, some black people. And, I would appreciate if you would stop making those horrendous comments because I'm sticking to that other. And, I will call my lawyer. I'm calling the Cardi Neological Ed, and some sent notes today. I find it highly insulting as a Catholic that you people could even put such an appetite and a paper. How dare you all be so insulting to us? It's the Christmas season, and you represent an anthropophobic, easy-to-sweet, it was placeful, and it shouldn't have been done. I wonder if this was something to do with the student who's duty is to do with what it would, we could say, while our fancied sometic, it's racism, so it shouldn't be done. But the Catholics can be kicked around like this. Neal, the logic is, in salt, how dare you people do this? You should take down an apology to think so I could add in the news, so it's all of us. I really hope you use this on the ear. I've been listening to QAM now for maybe 20 years at least, at the living ear for 40 years. I've never heard anything as disgusting as a neurologist program that I've heard of before, so it's pornographic. And I thought of my granddaughter, one of my kids looking to his bizarre. I'll tell you, Frankie, I am done listening to your stations. This is a group of gross things I've ever heard, and it's horizontal and certain. You're out of my book, goodbye. I'll do a respect to, I just want to let you know that I was able to make contact with the FCC and Washington DC, and they said they're going to send me information in a package. As far as making a formal complaint about the neurologist show and the format, and I'll also be able to contact the Christian coalition, Ralph's Dors, and we might be able to organize a group of people that can call the sponsors and are the sponsors doing the new writers show and complaints, and possibly, that I know that we will not be shopping in their stores, as long as the commercials are being ran during the new writers. So, which is not a show, it's a scene and pretty disgusting. Now all of this can be avoided if you guys change the format, tone it down, I start discussing pig to stop talking about anal sex, so it's in your hands. I feel that you guys are turning it down a little bit, and I will probably not go ahead and start with some things. By the way, it's ready to go. You know, writers is opaque. Frankly, I'd rather discuss it with the FCC in the State Attorney's office, and the human rights for the state. You're putting on self, and at times when children can put the channels, the quarter to nine you put on that self. I cannot believe you're doing that, but I certainly intend to pursue it, and you should too, because your station is going to get sued for being racist, as well as sexist. He was denigrating all to make him women. That was before he talked about anal sex, and blow jobs. I don't think that's appropriate according to nine at night, and I think you better do something about it before you get shut down. I turned my radio on the other day, and I'm going to program whatever it was, and it is a selfie, a spank I've ever heard in my life. The children were around, it's horrifying, I'm surprised, but since you let that be one of the air, I've heard other complaints about it, and I've heard from the health care, I wish you'd rectify that, and do something about it. There's no need to be taking any of these in vain, and it's gratifying women as well. How could you even mention that? Thank you very much. So, God say, all I want is a telephone number of the cars, telephone cars that you're advertising on your show. I've been calling different people different times for a less half an hour. Can I speak to someone? Thank you. Sure, sure. Robert, I'm playing an out of town on time on business, whatever I was looking for a good sports talk radio station, and I have to find the old Rogers, be honest with you, pathetic, very pathetic, and this guy, I mean, if this is all you got in on sports talk radio, it is horrible. So, I definitely try to find somebody prepared that for sure, and his whole GD thing and everything else. So, on one day we all face the board. All right, have a great day. Bye. Hi, this is the amazing Gilbert George. I did not appreciate it. I feel you, yes, I'll go with Jeff Cohen, a pizza loft, a squad-mind-outs, and he had permission from Neil Pukhoy who's show that they had you hung up on me. If you think you and the GD management are going to get away with our panic thoughts, you'll have a navigate comment. This thought that I was stubborn, stupid. You could know that it's not why when you have to a little jolly down, and he does a thought, and he does a squad of squad-wide, so, and he does it together way with our panic thoughts, right? Okay, the kind that you have talking on your sports department, I heard him on a day talking about the illegals that they're getting now to play the game, and it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals. I want to tell you that's very shitty for someone to talk that way about illegals, because you know, him himself is not a native here. He's not an American Indian. Everybody here has been a newbie or some time or the other. Okay, and I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people. Okay, because you know, it's not about like that, but Cuban people about his nationalities, a piece of shit. Okay, there's nothing but rap that's here, so the poor people, that's how, that's how, you know, that's the American fucking way. So, don't talk about Cuban people that way, but the vast holds you guys. Yes, sir, I'm assisting to a tremendous today on the Eurelio, and he knows some very rude, rude comments about Frank Sinatra. Right, I don't know if you heard the program, but I think you ought to look into it, and have a misdemeanored, making a apology, and I've heard about Mr. Sinatra, and the biagropel, and the evil closest coffin, I thought was totally totally out of line, and I can't believe that a man of his ability would even make those kind of remarks. So, please see what you can do. Thank you. Yeah! Okay, 2550 WQA, and the guy with right these divorce males are some of the best. Southbound Coney and his mises just came in and brought us a whole bunch of great stuff. Olive oil and snacks and shrimp and colomari and all kinds of beautiful stuff. Thank you, Sal. He's the best, and don't forget the vino, too, by the way. Have a little vino. So, I heard a commercial on Eurelio station yesterday about one o'clock in the afternoon. Something about a voice would speak out if someone approaches your automobile and a voice of a big black something or other would come out and say, get away from my automobile or you're too close to my automobile, you big M.F. I object seriously to profanity like that on the radio. And I object to the profanity and that type of advertising. I believe in free speech, but that's too far. If I don't hear with servants to this complaint from you, I will send a letter to the Federal Communications Commission because no kind of that kind of language is certainly not acceptable on public radio. It might be a right between individuals, but not on the radio. You can call me back on the... Mr. Eisen, the EIS E. F. Thank you. This is Norman Chance. If you wanted to discuss anything with me, my page number is... as a rough message with Sandy Boer with Rob Kaplan, which Ron Kaplan now with the leadhoge villa. And I am just totally perplexed and at Whitsend, just like Neil is, over what the hell it takes to get paid for doing a show. I contracted for him to do and get paid a certain amount to do. So I'm more than happy to discuss this with one more person. And maybe you can get Barry Diller and Peg Geller and everybody else involved too. This is what I need to spend my well-practice doing. I'm just wondering, ten different people about how Neil gets one check. Hi Neil. I'm a Miami resident and I've been picked up into here during Neil Foxo. I'm my way home and I think it's absolutely horrible. And I don't understand to anybody with values and morals or social conscience in a lab such as things to be broadcast on their stations. This guy is just cursing a people in smoking, blasts, and he's just screaming anger and hatred. I don't understand that. I mean, do you have children, do you have a family to care what's going on in the world here? But that should be going around. Someone's just venting all their hatred and anger in a certain people. I mean, he just let somebody crying on the sun the air. And maybe it's very popular and makes a lot of money for your station. This is really not what the world needs. I mean, things are bad enough. I don't think we need a guy like this. And I really find a very offensive and it's a horrible. I mean, how do you like if your children were listening to that and growing up in a road where this kind of thing is acceptable where people can talk like that and be paid for it and be endorsed. I mean, I'm just horrified and disgusted. And I'm sure I'm not the only person to feel that way. Please try and take consideration of the rest of the world and the other people that have to listen to this kind of garbage. And I hope you will because this is really something that's not acceptable. If you want this, well, it's just to be a better place. This is not the way to do it. Fabulous from the beginning, I am from Gashog. Five to six years. I've watched the morning show, involved in everything. I have a problem when taking my kids to school and you think in commercial for the guy that curses nasty, nasty things. And there is no warning. It just blurt out, you know, f*** you. And you can hear the bleep, you can hear the f***. You know, and you can hear the ventaminase voice. And you know, I don't have a chance to turn off my radio, clicking off. Now, I heard it, you know, I had a problem again the other day. I can't explain that stuff to my kids. I've been listening to this station for a long time. And I think you're ruining it by infiltrating it with his nasty language. And I don't know what I can do, but I just thought I better call it, you know. And tell you, it's different when hang, if hang calls someone a son of a bitch and just heard the guy act like a son of a bitch. And either the reason for it. But the other guy would his fart and his asshole. And the way he curses his ruining your first team. And I think Joe Rosh had stand up in, and get this off, kick off his program. Because there's a lot of people like me that, that are, you know, have children and I just don't like to hear someone say, Pist off on my way to work. Pist off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that. And I don't think it's appropriate. You know, if you're going to have to announce your little program in the middle of your day, leave it there. To make the other program, it's demeanied, doesn't it? And it really insults my intelligence in, you know, that's not clear, I don't know what is, I'll talk to you later. And you'll Roger, I think, is the perfect example of queer. What is this purpose for his new show or his puppy show? He uses that word rectum every five minutes because that word is green. Wettum never going to get past his soft, broader audience because that's the time and the people that he's always complaining about are the only fools that will give him any time of day. Eventually his ring will drop so low, you have to read just this rectum. George, from his ears, whoever it is, you can tell you, think fat, fucking ACF. He has no white talk religion because he is a faggot, and he is not represented by our thinking. He drives this time, Chuck. If you just pass along to Neil and Matt, but the reason I call was that I thought maybe you can tell me. I haven't tried to get those guy damn ratings. The ones he's gone home sick, Josh Darris, he doesn't have the authority to give him to me. You know, call a great greedy, that couldn't get him. So, you know, then the lawyer, somebody gave me was to call you. If somebody would give me the guy damn ratings, I'll pay the king as homage anyway. I'm only kidding, but that is the problem that I do want to do a story out. I'll just have a trouble get, so I'll talk to you if I... Karate Ft. is on the rocks. In America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds. What can you do to protect your car? An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen. The car won't protect the variables inside your car. But a big black guy named Ben Chan. You'd have worked from the car, motherfucker. For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system, and even less than you'd pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile. You'd have worked from the car, motherfucker. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out. And he does the rest. Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them. You'd have worked from the car, motherfucker. Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although it really doesn't say much. Just... You'd have worked from the car, motherfucker. That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. It got into protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made. My name is Itism Techrade. There have been a lot of car tests. I can't tell you how many times. I've heard you'd have worked from the car, motherfucker. Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car, let's mostly sleep better at night. Call now 1-800-1 big guy. That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I. And instead of hearing this... You'll hear this. You'd have worked from the car, motherfucker. I don't know who I'd be a football player. Don't you make a sound. I just don't want to make you open, leave quietly. Don't let this happen to you. Today's national football league crackhead athletes are above the law. Protect your family from the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home. With the new Miami-Dolphin home alarm system. Every Miami-Dolphin home alarm system comes to the jury's job. You see the real disapproval. I've never met a criminal. I didn't act. And if they can catch the ball, it runs with the ball. There's something special. Think. Think. Think. Think. Think. Think. Think. Think. Think. Think. Think. Think. special. Take criminal athletes off the field and put them in a jail cell where they usually find out in the wife name Tyrone. When I have a dozen homalarns, it's the serialical crafty for four years. The mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why. Would you hear the latest relish from Blackfuster Entertainment? Genmantage. Singles. Do it. Well, I'll ride. Run around and freeze well. This is our ride. Here's a mad dog. He's mad. Singles. All after crawl. Oh, ride. Oh, ride. Oh, ride. It's our ride. Wow. Let's ride a screw. I'm gonna ride a sands.��자. Tell fetch yooon. Khan. On the right. Yet girls getins. On the right. Lap on some side. What do you want to do? at first Jim said he built a little bit poof like that you just didn't hold up but now he said I like it I like the man dog just can't piss him off but that cottage cheese but if he wants me to sing God bless an Iraqi and pasties and the jeep thing up here I'll do it you got so that is so you're the mad dog sing himself happy oh imagine seeing you as available now at all blocks us there stories while spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death the one thing you have to depend on is your car with two canoes at times arise the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Carilarm now renew and old Jewish guy named Isaac get away from my portable field you think MF remember when we used to post a packet cabbages we ought to get up on the minigame wait what's the coolest get away from my portable field you think MF how is that I am sex seriously the fatty like that I think somebody get away from my portable field you think MF get away from my portable field you think MF whenever some fast tries to steal my car I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isaac get away from my portable field you think MF get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Carilarm now and receive a free flower antenna get away get away get away from my portable field you think MF and old Jewish guy named Isaac Carilarm I will be able to do all their stories I think we call some Easter they say the future be sad for me now I can get no job cause I have done cat, no misery as talking like a non-seek road if I'm the dog may house this way now I can't do nothing but I heard it say that okay change my name to shoot road I'm right I'm sending the code to indicate I remember when I was dealing all the white pants got hanging outside the building there bar trying to bloom without poverty but there was got no job totally inside sorry I'm going to keep my not the chance now I can't got to go in cell phone track all the things track or thing track or thing track or thing track or thing track or thing no they want to borrow song it's not gonna make me sound funny got nothing to do with literacy now I got to make moment They were fools, I was good to me. I got plenty of nothing. You've honestly been getting me anywhere. Maybe I was looking to hold my bitch. Still a person and full of hair. Then I got to take some money. My stereo and the fridge is there. I remember when I was feeling all the white pants I was hanging outside, I felt the deal about the sounds of blues. That's probably the deal. White pants got so sharp, hold me and the pants got so sharp. So the bonnet would give my mouth a change now. I got to go with the cell mode, crack okay. Black pants, crack okay. Black pants, crack okay. Black pants, crack okay. Black pants, crack okay. Black pants, crack okay. Black pants, crack okay. Black pants, crack okay. Black pants, crack okay. Black pants, crack okay. Come on everybody. Don't look here man. We don't care you're gay. She wants to be pippin' kids there, right? She wants to be pippin' kids there, right? Can he panic me to me? No, what you talking about? You're just a concierge, you're foolin'. Hey, what's up skills to make it right? She got a pippin' kids there. Check out what I've been doing. You have it down and holds out. Hold on. Excuse me. Excuse me. What's up, old man? What's up, old man? Let me do a holdin'. Holdin' it, old man. Holdin' it, old man. Holdin' it, old man. Holdin'. So, this beer has been prepared. Why would there be an� of man? That a stone pole can be that your fancy beer. And that will be. Who's that hole? To start with the roll Turn it down to the pole to跑. You be bold? That's 시청 hall to the camera. Right here, highway st Now try it, вокруг a rock. Next, across the desert and across the sea. I'm gonna sing by so-so. Look. All right, so about a slow load of 5, 60WQM, are we still on today? Workout! Maybe that's it. Guard. I've used her to beat her, got it. So now as Robert creeps first, when he's spot switchers like dawn, he starts like that reliefer. I could do positive positive, I have to. Now go to middle for that kill him. Look out for Robert creepers. It's just a pretty scary happens. What's up, Robert creepers? We'll see what happens if he does. They weigh her to her. They're taking it easy. It's quite a lot of noise. Look up, Robert creepers. So, this is a copy of the 5,000-10 days ago. What if your kids have seen 40 toys with a holiday? Like the usual clothes, there's a script in the sky magazine. So, be a drag. Get by Alice's fan. I have Alice's dad comes with his own wheelies on. Just to tease him and watch the bad chill up with realistic wheelies. He's so funny. I found a bad snack in the sky. Oh, for each dial it's a stand comes with his own wheelie a little bad. He's a little bad. He's a little bad, so awkwardly. I am with this stand. Another fine toy from William Codney. Yeah, so sorry. Then his rod is a piece of stock and gold. He's a piece of wheat. And his own wheelie. And his rod is a piece of wheat. And his rod is a piece of wheat. But the pan is complete. And his stick is still the only thing. So, it's really dark. It's not too dark to eat. He's sick of every 50, but the dressing's too deep. He has to deal with five, very something other to eat. So, your way to go. He's gone. Every time each of you can see his basketball. He's crazy. He's a little far apart. He's got three targets. He's caught it. He's caught it. He's dead. He's dead. He's he's said so well. There you go. He's read aloud, how you feel? I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna go home. But you won't be targeted. Ready? Ready! Go home! I'm just a MONTHING Hey! Hi, this is Janet Jackson and my new album sucks. So I've got one. Well guys here. You got that coffee hot See as I said in New York. I love coffee and a month see the tap in the back That's why I'm opening up my chain of coffee and a maple is called Starbucks See Starbucks Starbucks we've secretly replaced Janet's coffee with piping hot forgers crystals One you got those gloves on see all that coffee George he was said that it's no different than ever put up It's because he's running for the wine house So he just turned his name Don't drop in that's not all even down the beautiful people Oh Oh He watched it down the scene That's the question that he does and he made it quite much clearer like a razor on a mirror Isn't he And find myself a hatterweight And I know one good hatterweight And the truss has to Oh, I find my plate boys And creamy low shun But it's not worth right down on the floor Oh, I'm through my misaction In that low shun And I pray you to no one accidentally Always on the door Because I got a mask of pain I got a mask of pain And I got a mask of pain To be the pain I got a mask of pain To be the pain It's better to clean the night Even if it's fine It's better to clean the day And I pray you to no one But you back when people are not paid Woo, woo, woo And it was the favor in the day Are you going to call me? Well, man He was the white house He was the white house He was the white house So he kept his name He was like, dude Since my childhood He was the black house Oh, that's the way While it's not the circle He does not exist in the day I'll never give you rain I'll never leave my realm And take it down region Shhm with sexual favor. After all, my husband, brava, will soon be your decaja. I like so as I feed her, I buy everything I eat and just want to eat more. I would be just rich in family value when I get back from the fall. To the poor. At the time. Continental and Airlingists are joining forces to give you the most pleasurable ride of a scoff. Airlingists makes you caught our implied fields of ice eating out. Or they again had your dream about us. So come and try to meet me. Oh yeah. The sky's dome, Jenny Friendman. I think. Where your seat is never in a full upright position. I think. Whether you're coming, or going, we'll get to their space at on time. Not one of our planes has ever gone down. But until that desktop view, ask our heads to a disresource tour of the cockpit. Or relax and enjoy our insight through the eating rattle. Beating. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your time. I'm calling you. I'm calling you from the license. You'll help us wrap down the number to see the fall of your. All right. Now don't be an expert. The implied fields always frustrate. Fatter. We sure hope that you will bring us and book a flight home to the least. All right. It's couple nine and five 60 WCM boy. I sure feel honored now. The beast called Inna says, I love every minute of it. Took a couple of time out between bites, between mouthfuls. Hey listen, it's the holidays, man. They're all shoveling it down in the food too. Speaking of that, pizza loft is almost some of the best food you've had in a long time. Rocks, foam, dare, free, pile. All right. Have you known me that shrimp is not any one's meat? Yes. Here I'm people. And before I have the bus, they have I just say I need to leave. That's it. Here I'm people. And then I get to grab pity. I don't even serve women. And I can't go around the tour about who the pilot is. I get it. I think going to pack it into the floating nightclubs. Yeah. I'm going to pack it and be spared in my blood. And I'm going to pack it in a float nightclubs. I never would pack it in without packing my blood. Yeah. To knock, pull, pay, free. No that every time I see it, I still have some crack to go by a dude. I see you. You're out here, girl. Some with buck bones in the section, floating for free. I'm feeling in the lobby of the reliability, dreaming time and verbal house with no windows. And then I get no more wishes. She must have paid a good home. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Please go to the city. And I go to film my crack. I'm going to crack city. You can tell me I'm dead. I'm going to crack city. And pass my rap. I'm going to crack city. Because I be bad. Yes. Two, knock, pull, pay, free. I'm going to crack. Because it's a bit of a... Nobody's coming back. You mean you did little kiss, though. There you go. I'm going to say kiss, huh? Oh, the floor. Oh. Hey. Oh. I friends Larry King here to talk to you about my favorite pharmaceutical company, Elderlacks. When you're getting up in years like I am, you need an extra boost here and there. For example, you probably figured this out on your own, but I'm infinite. And once for about 11 years until the friendly pharmacist over at Elderlacks, introduce me to Viagra. Also in my age, your mind starts to deteriorate. And you're not as sharp as you were. See, about 40 years ago. So once again, my friends at Elderlacks introduce me to some wonderful drug. I can't quite remember the name of. I've also stopped crapping my pants during the show, breaking out an ungodly rashes, lusting after small children, pretending to be Aquaman and my backyard pool, and even remember not to lick the toilet paper after wiping. So take it for me. Larry King. If you dulled even a little bit over the last few decades or so, call my friends over at Elderlacks Pharmacies. If you pop pills for breakfast, lunch and dinner, maybe someday you'll be as sharp as me, pop wood like me, and even remember your name. Like me, Larry King. And then to do it now. Oh, rock, I was right in the old train to all protect me. Oh, when the baby loved the late Sanctum, to mine, which he got a treat to get the bad, but hold her tight. I was more than happy to. Now is more I'd like to do. I'll all get there, but. Back home, she won't let me. I want to lift her, so we've nothing in her career. I want to hold her behind. Close doors and doors. I want to get there, but. She won't let me. Which he returned. She paid, and she was an actress. She showed me an album, a picture of her opening, which he then fit in on. She made a quick, you could be. But I'd like to clear this thing. She was the time girl, who told me that heart, and the rest of her girl. Right, girl. I want to get there, but. She won't let me. I want to with her, we've nothing in her career. I want to hold her behind. Close doors and doors. I want to get there, but. She won't let me. Well, I'll never forget. The train runs out of thin. Which they're a goodie, and we shared our tales. But as my heart's buzz, we repeat hand. With breath, our all-night fight. Close eyes, close eyes, you said, you're in the end. I want to get her, but. She won't let me. I want to with her, we've nothing in her career. Right, girl. I want to hold her behind. Close doors and doors. I want to get there, but. I want to get there, but. She won't let me. I want to get there, but. She won't let me. There was no farmer who lived on here. If that in the middle, just shaking his fist, that some boys who were down by the bridge. There being no water, there is on their marbles and sleeping, then at half past four, there came a young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and leaps. And then white-floppy tongue. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not spin. On the boys in the barnyard, were shoveling, wrapped you sandlayer, from yesterday's hunt. Water girl in the meadow was rubbing her eye. That's the fellow. Down by the duck. He looked like a man with a side of her home. In the country with a big fence up front. If he had turned from like, they she'd show him her nest. So pet dog who was subject to fit. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender and with a movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy. So tasty made of butter, sky. And then you spread with cream all over her cookie that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you could go to yourself. So we can never have our whole man be a cry. Oh, right. Hey, right to my children's in me when I Iight the boys quite tight, the conç Fang and strides, mentally donde. The bedsheet and the colors of their toys, dollar Healthy. Oh This guy had a bomb and took his thin woody act like Chee Chan Chan. And he's so much he's in the ground he's still with us. And woody Sherry with Jesus and the Saints. Those five fun heads and yes, yes, party is great. Yeah, yeah, party is good, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What is God's most can ever? No can pass my life more than God. Give me high on no special person just him and loaves his kids so. On a great number of students who get some better kid on roll. So you're so done back to take home. Oh, so I think Bob Marley on his throne. No fun and heaven is your door. Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh And youièmeинки,ièmeиватьinundinundinundin tune! More than I was a guy, one of the best guys I know you shot me, problems! I won't be alone, I bet I'll run cinema! Now that's it, cheers me up! Oh-oh-oh, oh, what I do for you for an important time! Oh-oh, oh, oh, oh, no-oh, oh-oh, no, no, no, no, no! I'll hurry up for a sustainable-a-きord, what an animal! so staleDI coward. with an agenda that's frat me. Oh, well he's a tally-hatsy. That's the double Bay of Belly. Any right? Yeah. Well he's a president. You saw him. Who doesn't have to run? No one else has gone away. He might have loved that fool right in. He's hard. He's hard. He's hard. He's hard. He's hard. He has a golden fool. He was born with a golden boy. He's a tally-hatsy. Oh, well he's a tally-hatsy. Oh, well he's a tally-hatsy. Oh, well, well well he's a very well he do. With very back to you. Who never plays a do? I make him all he proves he's hard. He's hard. He's hard. He's hard. He's hard. He's hard. He's hard. Uphl. You think thickness good or you've seen me anymore? That leony doesn't I thought you was maybe something that's justύy. From the networking last place, NVC, we're so desperate for ratings, we'll produce anything. Tara has a twin towers. Starting the incredible Jamie Far as Ma, Hamid Salami, along with Erica Strata as Salami's baby, but lovable sidekick, Bog Slog Johnny and Amy Fisher as the bombshell behind the front desk at the Vista Hotel. Holy fuck, I just love the phone while I'm trapeze. Jenna. Cheers, as Paul Rizzo, counter-boy at Herzell Salami about their refund policy. Listen, Dallad, yes, that'll look. No van, no receipt, no cash, no feed it. Wait, you're wine, and I'll jib over this counter-ret your fucking bed with a wretched butt nut. Tara, I bet twin towers. Although, starting one day at a time, Bonnie Franklin has the lousy laid at Pusch Salami over the edge. You, later, I sure hope that's 1227 at 560 WCB. Look at who's the bar that the county jail. O.C. was there he began to wale. So guy in the bench was there because he drank too much and tied to one's look for some old, arch of those jobs. Look at all the jailhouse jobs. Everybody was there, so I'm getting ready over the jailhouse job. This to fit back was a look if so well, saying that as very usual living hell. Hops in the corner with his burrito. He said the top of the belt is way too cold over chie. Look at all the jailhouse jobs. Everybody was grab a their son, smile on at the jailhouse job. And he was the jailhouse job. Watch his own fun stuff run. Look at them spit a their job. Everyone check a their plan. Everybody has had hard nights. A too to go jailhouse job. Well, we're 10 new years. And I've done no to hear. Only though we're no man, don't be for me. The fight for a lift and the rule that's still. And the fire's safe that leaves you empty. The keys of the leaves is just dead. Things that are painless. But like a face man, I'm so cool in your ain't it. The peace like a pain is too big. The peace and pain throughout the day. Your running side is all I need. The peace like a pain is too big. Well, say that you praise the converse and not just say you're. And make the hero my dad's a fan straight up. Now I'm a real superhero. I'm not hung up in your room for a few hours. Please, I love you, don't think of me. I got a foot stand face, B.C. My friend told me number two. I heard you yelling, chop chop. But I prefer you do. If things like your faith is too big. So sweet isn't made to rise to. Don't lose your sight at all I'm being. Things like a pain need to me. Now put on weight that K-Wild's darling. I'm going to try. Chop me. I'm over you. Think you're not silly when I see real your taboo. That hushed all down with a mouth on through. When will I do? Please, miss, feel me like a man. You'll find it hard to sit down and I get done with your can. Things like your pain need to me. So sweet isn't made to rise to. Don't lose your sight at all I'm being. Things like a pain need to me. Things like a pain need to me. Okay, welcome back. This is Kathy Lee Gifford here in the radio answering your questions. Did you hear a marital problem? Let's go to the phone. Hi, Kathy. I have a question about my husband. Your husband is a big, unsh-h-h-h. I'll pay them f*** that cheating bastard. Okay, next call. Hi, Kathy. Hi, I wanted to ask you about what you said about milk coffee. You'll see is a beat up f***. My child's real real. What child the Lord? Hey, that beat up f***. Okay, one more phone caller before we take a break here. Hello, this is Kathy Lee. Hi, yeah, Kathy. I'm kind of about the earlier call when you call that guy's mailman. Are you married? Oh well, yes. I'm sorry, piece of f***. Hey, piece of f***. You're sitting bastard. Okay, now we take a break for our sponsors and they're up to the f***. I want this machine started to date that f***. No, no, no. Just stop this off the air. What the f***. I'm crossing Qda for the right. You're like a s***ing from the ocean right. A split this an***ing to find anything. But don't I plan that who l****ing in between? What's your problem, Kathy? Stop. Don't you think you've gone too far? Everybody, thank you. I'm like you'll just like Car di. Did you know that yoga carti was gay? The kind of life you can accept, eat whatever they'd. Be kept right home, most by his eyes. Until he got tired with broken eyes. What's your problem, Kathy? Stop. If you mad at words or a ghost, stop. We'll be able to take you off like Joseph Pardine. We're going to be free. Oh, we're going to be free. We're going to be free. So, kid, you want to career in the Navy? What do you think you'd like to do? Oh, I don't know. Maybe do they have a crew's director? No. Why do you want to join? Oh, I don't know. Something about a Chris White Dull by the uniform with us. Neppi, little black tie and a Shirley Pippel hat. I'm clean and ready for inspection sir. Really have a crew's deck. I'd like to play on that. That's a funny word. You put that crew's deck, boom deck. Can you take serve my ties on this yet? Oh, stay in the way. New from Time Lifeless Music. It's the Snatter compilation that carries the competition. I would be the star of the day. I sure could use some soccer coupes because I'll be dead any day. Come die with me. Let's die. Let's die away. Don't miss out on the last collection of hits from old blue eyes before the maggots get to him. Start digging a hole. Because I'll die any day. I'll be a cool contemporary new course. And call. Brightton after his greatest hits the final chapter. Yes, the chairman of the board with a fond final farewell. Reager mortist. Reager mortist. I'll be still for them to buy for us. Ask the under-chaker. The day I've gone to meet my maker. Water, have credit card ready. 1-800-Kadavar. That's 1-800-Kadavar. Order today before it's too late. It's too late. 22 to 1-5-60WM. The tension is mounting. The tension is mounting. The tension is mounting. The tension is mounting. The tension is mounting. The tension is mounting. The tension is mounting. The tension is mounting. The tension is mounting. The tension is mounting. The tension is mounting. The tension is mounting. The tension is mounting. The tension is mounting. The tension is mounting. The tension's mounting. about this and it was great chocolate bars we got in here yesterday man you talk about instant process stuff well you talk about an immediate bodily reaction so oh damn you boy the spotter the spotter's got life oh from when the chair to hell you sorely fly your days are done and when they finally wrap you in I'll pull the switch yey what oh yo your She's not ready, she's not ready Oh, I'm ready, oh, I'm ready Oh, I'm ready, she's just listening She was there, just your dick She's not ready, she's not ready Oh, I'm ready, oh, I'm ready I'm ready, oh, I'm ready, oh, I'm ready Oh, I'm ready, oh, I'm ready She said she had a job on her day to go Oh, I'm ready, oh, I'm ready She's not ready, she's not ready, she's just listening She's got a bomb after she's left me No, she's not ready Oh, I'm ready, oh, I'm ready Oh, I'm ready, oh, I'm ready She said she had a job on her day to go Oh, I'm ready, oh, I'm ready Oh, I'm ready, oh, I'm ready Oh, I'm ready, oh, I'm ready Oh, I'm ready, oh, I'm ready Come and listen to my story about a man named Ed A harbored racquet went here and voices in his head And then one day he was feeling kind of weird He moved to Montana and grew himself with beard Crazy that is cycled past, strange eyes Well, the first thing you know is he gets a broom He can't both sit heads, that's the unit of bomber's duty The California's wear the troughs on a beast Oh, they loaded up the shack in Moons of carefully, exhibit a curing food Weird smell His lawyer says that kiss is crazy, yes If you don't believe it, just read his manifest Says he did it, does he hate technology And that's why he mailed all these people saying See, they'll call, let her bomb, looking good Well, now it's time to sing five and fifth hits of fence And he would like to thank you for some pain And he'd spend your own bad impact again This is the locality to buy a first-tic enough Is all about the reasonably-movie HBO Jerry Springer, y'all, soon in the eye here Yo, are too happy and fulfilling carefree He calls President Satam Hussein Has defeated the incident of Clinton And to say, Tanah America, but causing great embarrassment to the colors And infecting great pain on our enemies during the recent UN inspection spend This is why my fellow Iraqi citizens, I've got my tunnels Is to be celebrating most renewingly this weekend Yes, well, that's not a weapon that's not to be fired To the air without regard for human safety As you enter, the fire at my tunnel Bring four remains of your family to be meeting And run off more from it, either though To not be forgetting, as soon as you're there I have to be jumping at the hands of your handbrake Oh, you are to be sending the fruit of your lunch to play in the kitty congare As you choose from a most painful thing, anything holds Big next with secrets guns, fish, Macphones and bitches Worked around their with fuels, not to be forgetting, our famous fly Yes, my fellow Iraqi citizens, we are to be celebrating our wondrous leaders of the Dam Hussein victory And over this whole last one, to the UN occupation And keep this weekend, I think I can't take the tunnel Unfortunately, we give it to our great leaders, I don't know who's been posting for the three searching programs To be building weapons of mass destruction God of losing, God of losing, God of losing God of losing, God of losing, God of losing God of losing, God of losing, God of losing God of losing, God of losing, God of losing I ran to the crappy little country, I was like so much action on the space Just get rid of that, you're in drinking jubby, and throw up the whole goddamn space There's a bouquet of all the f***er, a side of all things, a side of all the f***er Sire of all things, a mother f***er Sire of all things, a mother f***er What's my death? Sire of all things, a mother f***er Sire of all things, a mother f***er Sire of all things, a mother f***er Sire of all things, a mother f***er All right Well, that was all night, just around the way they all snuck I'll tell you where I'm gonna go Cruising in my 80s, maybe no writer trust You joined the other whole year I'm a patient in the back, swear I carry my cock You can hear a cock at the doodle And this bike hill was not filled with all the f***er on it I went all loose That's all we're gonna do, that's all we're gonna do That's all we're gonna do When you're supposed to live in Latin, then barnavishes away Here you be Well, there's Jorge and Orlando and Julio He's cocked, look, pretty good Roy, you know you can see the pectorino rules Growing stiff as a block of wood We use cocked fighting as an elephant To cover what we do inside Come on, let's go, let's go Behind the curtain all the macho guys are given a week To his bad ex-own eyes Top of the door knife, top of cock's eyes To catch my freedom to be When you're supposed to live in Latin, then barnavishes away Here you be Well, there's one free-to-be When you're supposed to live in Latin, then barnavishes away Here you be Well, there's one black pig, dark pig Don't get him mad Mercedes A baby princess, that's where they're begging please Top of rock these come in and help me you You gonna crash into a wall No one reached out for you Princess, that's how you go Princess, that's how you go He's really going into a tunnel Hello, walk They say our love is capoo That what we're doing is wrong But I don't care what they say Because my love is so strong They tell us we should be ashamed Where's that, us but in white But I'll cherish each moment with you I'm so glad you're in my life You're my prison bitch, my prison bitch You're not a lie, girl the men I'm glad we share a prison cell When life goes out at 10 I can't be fair to you No, no, that will be a cry As long as I am doing you I don't mind doing time Oh, call to your mind Listen bitch, my prison bitch You're not a lie, girl the men I've got you for a candy bar And a pack of cigarettes Here's that first criminal war We're just sick But now you're on my friend I knew that I would kiss you in the end Let them I can't let you sit from up the bar And now you're on my prison girl Oh, call to your mind I'm so free, you're prison bitch And you're not a lie, girl I'm only here, but I request How about some of the police I'm tired of this, I can tell I need you together And say, you're seven years Now, you're in my own day I'm so free, you're prison bitch You're in my own day Come in I'll be with you, my girl That's enough I thought that I could break away But now I'm losing hope And I've gone far to find my soul I'm a world of bitch And you're not a lie, girl I can't let you sit from up the bar Because I can hardly win me When I get out, I'm in, you go straight I go my prison bitch, my prison bitch I'll never think goodbye You're not a lie, girl You're not a lie, girl You're not a lie, girl I'm a second-of-time, I can't help but if you want to hear Your prison bitch is never leaving you I'm first, you're not still me But now you're not so mad I'm so proud of you I'm not a girl I know, I know, I know, I know, I know I'm a criminal You're not a criminal, when you call this the whole game Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah That's what I'm saying You're not a bitch, you're not a bitch You're not a bitch, you're not a bitch Stop, you're a dagger That's what I'm waiting for You sick of me 50 Wait, I'm like, so damn low To see a public can of them All they want That's what I do now Like that, and crawl To win a life, real, don't bear out this dog Stop, whoa, you're a jolly old That's what I'm saying These are who men, these are who they're again Stop, whoa, whoa That's what I'm saying What they don't know we want Stop, whoa, whoa, yeah, yeah That's what I'm saying We know about you, do say it again Stop, whoa, you're a jolly old We shall love the Jedi Bring all the stuff to birth That helps, man, stop Stop, whoa, whoa, whoa Stop, whoa, whoa, whoa You got to get the mess back Come party, party, party, don't Be like this, fucking man Come party, party, party, party Be like this, fucking man Come party, party, party, party, party Don't, don't, don't You're a jolly old That's what I'm saying Stop, whoa, whoa, whoa That's what I'm saying You got to find out what's given They think I have time We're just going to grab Jesus, free stuff back Jesus Christ is super, it's never shall be done We're just going to live, free stuff, church, church God, why don't you go, you go, you go You're going to give him the ground God, why don't you go, you go He makes you fucking ass God, why don't you go He's the good we have sir God, why don't you go, you go God, why don't you go Oh, you, you go Oh, you, you go You don't have to keep trying to steal You can't take them to the water Two footguns to take their pills Now she's got it, judge that Take the pills that I've told you They're talking about a 000 bull Fucking talking, deal it, don't go Now I don't want it Stop, stop, stop God, I've given the ground God, why don't you go He makes you fucking man You can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't stop, you can't that'll cause suicide if you're ripped, if you're ripped, if you're handle�, if you're bruised, then you're orphans, you'reliver, please harass your family! these educated hellers cant fu- anu- perf-ref- apifth who are‑- in a Sue-Imp FORE leursdangered for terror always rapping just to the channel your mouth puk. a. pół z七三,… ah alרath boy Welcome to the Center of Times, if the WDQM is an hour away from the Jimmy League that held a shot to be special to the L.A. Soul Show, Jimmy Johnson and a real week NFL game a couple of years of the same three of the show to know. Well, they also shoot the popasver! I will shoot them to coordinates x4 Awesome! We're up to Bloopers The And I've had to tomorrow, it's the job I guess each year at this time. Look at all the kids they've been standing in line. Each one of them going to sit in the lap after four some, so even all kinds of crafts and walks like a game boy. Hope to mind, don't ask me kids, yo ask to mom. I tell them that's a getting cold and worse because a check to lift and the eight feet good. If they want to hear those love, rain, deer, the leaves don't cook you leave a 40 hour spear. The boss tells the tea I tell them, yo I'm trying, but it don't hear me because all kids are crying. If I had leased, cost a cure a thief, I said find another joke, so because I don't want to be a fan of baby. We won't miss the noise above the road, we're screaming and a baby. That no kids would support the car, want to be a fan of baby. We're in the shoes made of loose jails and a baby. You can take this job as a good and just stay safe. God. George, look, creator the landmark series, young, and we gotta joke. Now, thank you so, big is challenge of us the after-go career. Something like it's all right, Peter. See, early years. Okay, my mother. Follow the evil mask here, from the cradle to daycare. Obi-Wan, yeah. Don't be on the naughty side. Yeah, I don't think like that. Dahlor, it's better if they're early years. No. Isn't that bad for the hours? Are you okay? Dahlor's better if they're early years. Pretty spied George, look at the per teller issue. I hope you haven't had any of the love and movie lately. Holy Skatma, ta-ta. Holy Skatma, ta-ta. Holy Skatma, ta-ta. Poison, I have quite a lot. Holy Skatma, ta-ta. Holy Skatma, ta-ta. But that's all right with me. Those things were sprinkling powders, why? I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. While the sun gets all up my mind. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. While the sun gets all up my mind. Holy Skatma, ta-ta. Holy Skatma, ta-ta. Holy Skatma, ta-ta. They come to skate it all I got. Holy Skatma, ta-ta. Holy Skatma, ta-ta. Holy Skatma, ta-ta. They come to skate it all I got. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. While the sun gets all up my mind. Holy Skatma, ta-ta. Predemos here. You've found a red dog. You've chugged a red wolf. Now, open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock. Red cock's folly head will leave you breathless. Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat. So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock. You can shake it and spray it all over. Remember, you can't beat a red cock. Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front. The way I directed song for and this is it. In turn for sailor red. You just gotta blow the present. Don't tell old tipper gore. I'm a human human door. I think old stokees. Can't say that word. I'm sorry. You're sorry. It's sad. We were assured that that was okay. But who by a buyer? It goes you. Use the word, use the same spelling with a peon the front. Look at the end. Put snack. I don't know what you're trying to do here. I don't even know where I'm at. I could really watch my tipper. I'm sorry, but I'm gonna. Gore is done. From the top. In turn for sailor red. You just gotta blow the present dead. Don't tell old tipper gore. I'm a human human door. I think old stokees of my past. You can ask Mr. Oran at Johnl. Dare will be by no means. Queen is alone. I don't have a reason to live from every state. That's right. They never have to master it before. In every hand job, it never retails. In every blow, when the waves not around. I'll try not to make a mess. Look, look such a guy to drop on my dress. Dare will be by no means. Queen is alone. Yeah, one for Linda Tripp. Queen is alone. One for my drag cleaner. Queen is alone. Yeah, I'm a human. Yeah, I'm a human. Yeah, I'm a human. Wow. Thank you very much. That was great. Pete and Wayne, Queen of the world. No, that is such a. Oh, that is right up there. What's up to the kids? Through the land. You think black men are just done. Black men are just all they need. A big black man. Spebt hidden and talking. Don't vet me, go find it. Rawr. Tammy. You don't think black men are Laneit, Jack In and it's flawless. You depend on a hit but we've preparedgan to find it, but Jesse is shakest u dressing flow. That is so unsoyal tight. What's the razmets tight? You walk in the night You walk in the night You walk in the night You walk in the night You be the face of being too nice As not your hand And bruise of your body Don't make you lie Screw around You get my whole girl long and strong You carry the body to go to his own fair and its wrong You found that you lied You just beat her back But kinda got to hit me back You go out and kill her You're the one who killed her Hey, I'm gonna say after one of the five sixty wqm The pain is almost over, baby It's Christmas Eve, is we gonna be here tomorrow No, we're gonna be here Sunday No Joe Christelov here tomorrow though We're talking morning with that motorsports stuff You can even say crap that time That time Like Little island full of gay romance They wear gay sandals They wear tight pants All on drenched up to bottom every day Bless with the miracle of being gay The very best of packets in the US safe Giving big big pleasure in a big big way Oh, very best of packets in the US safe Giving big big pleasure in a big big way Okay Join the big wish to Chesapeel Queen You choice of the Facts of America If you love Chesapeel Queen You'll get off on the latest edition to the Chia family The Chia Twos Hours and hours of fun For kids young and old, it's gotta be Chia Twos Siddly in search of seeing Mäusen and watch it grow and grow Into a lovely furry twos For birthday, Santa Verseries Christmas or any occasion look no further than Chia Twos And coming soon to the Chia family It's the Chia Twos Chia, every young in the musical Chia Yoko No, I don't know my name No, I don't know my name I don't know Chia only was seven With Chia Gerdin On route two more coverage for CNN Ignoring the weather And storms to avoid White trash, butch mother Said she died with joy Chia Child pilot Chia Child pilot You're too young to fly Chia never Connancy nine Now the white trash, butch mother Much is his silver sun But he sent that fly Chia, don't see my touch butch Still she says you have to To inform me Now help me set up my new white screen TV Chia Child pilot Chia Child pilot You're too young to fly Chia never Connancy nine She installing Confidence From Half R abstine Because I'm a real bands of high music場tt is that love at something at myletter m update this road below a track before with fire I'm a man of the world. I'm a man of the world. Mr. Speaker, this is Vice President. Members of the 100th Congress distinguished guests, my fellow Americans. I have a incomprehensibly large tool. Thank you. Thank you. He got a golden piece and that he ever sold his eyes to cocaine. He said that it's not true. He said it's ever you through faith. George and I will need to ask that he tried. Go to him. What the fuck can say? He said he's going to write the same. As we were never played with cocaine. George and I will keep it out and he tried. Mr. Algoldstein presents the art of taking a dump. What I like to do is play the TV tray in front of me when I go. Give me a way of expediting the fool that you enjoy. I have my cornflakes today. Corn is good. It goes right through. It also helps to have a few pictures of glory and learn it around. But what I truly enjoy is the luxury of bathroom acoustics. I always keep a tarry opimicine nearby. This way I can enjoy the acoustics when I see it. I have a garden in open and black and split with steel and spray it and strain in my heart. Don't care if it's real or a fog. So when you have children, don't hold this in your hands. When they got to do satisfaction and for an investment in my poopy hair and if I feel good when I grow that's your L.C. That's the L.C. I'm going to go, you gave me your nomination to be by the front. This is some crap. I've been watching you through that octarena on television. And if I get a hat here's silent, I would like to demonstrate for you. The L.C. or Bursuit of the Lockerranon. What do you like to see at a can? Hang on, Mucha! Mucha! And you are a alarm goes off in the morning. Lock the rain. And one of your children reaches for cereal and spruce. Lock the rain. Lock the rain. Lock the rain. Lock the rain. When they come, they call me melanoma. I can until I'm almost an e-commerce. How I do my amni and I never ever use any sunscreen. I'm a little freckling. I spend the day at work planning that when I get off a go-tending, I get naked and fake naked. How much longer is my skin gonna take it? I apologize. And we were relatives have to help me find a different religion. We're going to be in the center to we can't smell the normal. We think like a fun you can smell the aroma. I like all my mother's old buddy, Mama. Hey, now the normal. We like the sun to we can't smell the normal. We think like a fun you can smell the aroma. We got lots of skin, bigger than the Metro normal. Hey, now the normal. We don't care if we can smell the normal. We got the best skin from here to Arizona. Oh my! This is Kevin. Hi, Debbie. I'm a student going through operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And there was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation has many requests. It's really face-face. All of these things. Mm-hmm. Those wondering. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I don't know if they would be right away. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lamps stop crying yet, Mama. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works in the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I'll have to see you first. And then I'm not looking actually. We can tell you that one would be you. Should I wear my skin suit rate of body parts, Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works in the lotion in the basket. Well, do you like to make it a point in? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Um. My name is Buffaloville. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you. Okay. I know. It works in the lotion in the basket. I understand. It works in the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation for the right? It works in the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make it a point in? Do you want to call me back? Yeah. I want to know what's in the basket. I understand. I got my skin suit in the bottle like this. Uh. Bill. It works in the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to say? It works in the basket. Would you like to make it a point in? It works in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. It works in the basket. Hello? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I don't know. I don't know. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It you were isn't it. From this and well, those ones he falls He wants to change his life Or maybe I'm no wife God knows what his kid has in store Who all they boys from never been You're finally the proudest love he has There's no large terrace with my English mega deal And when he sees it, not sad You're the sight, was there a fight on the floor So, you're the proudest love Yes, because now his husband's death I'll fall in the head What happened? We don't know Something fishy snow But he won't tell So well, last breath What did you do? Cry What did you do? Same thing, it's not the loud He was standing on his phone And he was crying Crying Crying Crying, it's not you watching this dance It was an accident With some shups lying I don't know why Your age and truth Plains the tops, or false on truth I want you know some marks So, tell me what's the song Fine, what did you do? Who likes that? Eventually Or just me, maybe Your life is what did you do? Crying What did you do? Yes, now he's gone And from this moment on We're asking why Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying You did Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying Crying What was it to do? If I had to work on full good to do Got out and find my CD No Do you get wrong when I scream out of the sun Because I have my time to think I keep keep keep on my hip-y With my plants and my grass Oh, I just got with my plants and my friends Oh, I don't have to try with my plants and my grass Did you all get shot for anybody? I only had to pull my panties down Oh, there's a dream in your body You're not convinced and where I could find now Challenges succeed by just spreading your line Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a thriller it's going I don't know if it's just a<|cs|> Now, at least until I'm out of rehab 35 I get five with my plants and my grass I get guys with this plant and my grass I don't have to try with this plant and my grass Please, you're the same tree He left through me by cherries My cherries Oh, my, my Well, in this business, that's the most important thing I'm a yes-five in print It can fit Impressive, my friend A new film from empathy pictures Dances with Crack yours, the urban sequel My name's John Barn John Dun Barn, the fourth? Oh, yeah, right, I'm MC Jeff Jam I did it because I'm only a rock-jell mown name Dances with Crack yours, John Dun Barn the fourth Goes looking for the ghetto I mean, what you doing down here anyway, right before What happened, back? You see, they asked that like five What he finds is the ghetto within himself You guys want to come into my brownstone We could wrap over a couple of espresso Coffee, oh ain't nobody in that man Maybe I don't you try some of this I just want to know if this is with Crack yours For empathy pictures coming to theaters every day This is London's Fair with Don El I'm a Don El Jackson And today we're going to spend the word home Family with me now Oh, 801c Now, let's use it in a sentence Hey, dude, hold the door open for me This is London's Fair with Don El I've been John El Jackson Oh, I've been John El Jackson Oh, dear, I've been John El Jackson Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah A future, a Be your home With fear, full of I've been boy Then to all three We've all just piled up What do they say It's all depressing That they're from basketball The day is like this I'm like winter, your money Why do you act this way? We'll have to eat this money When I give you and you and you I'm the star Give you and laundry And dropping stuff But in a prison Who built your world The enemy's lost him There are all the ball-pilms The day it empires him Yeah, 136 at 5.60 WCM Before that you have ours over I'm going to tell you what you said at the other day But I won't tell you Well, all the pins I've been given three whole bedroom with gold And by the way, that would be different while we're here But I didn't ask you Was grateful But I didn't know Did you play for the fish? I guess my girlfriend forgot her tells me I can't tell the bitch once I bought this one And I'm going to tell you what you said at the other day Because I found out Where did she sleep with her dad? Why did that bitch tell me? And we still talk to each other She needs a better horse than this If that's fair to me, it's not a piece She knows it'll be no I've been to every one of my I've been to every door To find a secret you I've been to one freaking secret you I've been to every one of my friends I've been to the other one of my friends I've been to the other one of my friends I've been to the other one of my friends But I didn't have a bow And I'm going to tell you what you said at the other day I've been to every door To find a secret you I've been to every door To find a secret you I've been to every door To find a charioteer Where's your new York? To the flat, free store But if we're not at a fair spore But I've got a plan I've got a job here in Japan Because I've been having fun And I've got a plan I've been to every door I've been to every door I read the status now Running out of TV Just don't stand in my way Because never got to go Now we're on them to where you come from Haven't eaten the things that you've been to I tried what right And she been brought But nothing seems to work The hammer eyes will end To feel like they're playing I think I've lost some of my stolen And I'm ready to go back to the bench The hat's got a motie and Still have diarrhea Oh Lord, I got a run Yes, the charioteer of the day But it's too late Please, I can't wait For I recall the day I'm a sign of Uncle Rye And he's old content I don't care what they say Because of Jake, but I don't care where we love It has to be so soon On the 12th of June And though Jake, randomly From that bloody man I don't care what they say Because of Jake, but I don't care where we love I have wavy eaten quite a little run But I see you still on trial Get your son and ever rest As a son of mine, oh, that old jay bird is a Not give up, please And throw away the keys It's a game, all the claims of this innocent I don't care what they say Because of Jake, but I don't care where we love And though Jake, but I don't care what they say Because of Jake, but I don't care where we love And though no And since the sins of the sins of the sins of the sins of the sins We know all about your evil life And the big black jobs between your bad eyes They just say, oh, that's my life and peace As the innocent man, the deterrence they all look you Even through I know who I am about to hear You've got to be a son of mine You've got to be a son of mine You've got to be a son of mine So no one gets into a way of your evil life You must be confused what black thou may be Whether for thou or for who between your new dreams Evil through I know who I am about to hear Evil through I know who I am about to hear Hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey You had child ready to take me out to pay I've all changed and moved in my heart I'm just saying when you're lost find they won't bow I'll let the curse if you walk away out Evil through I know who I am about to hear We've all had why was a scotch all out of any state Evil through I know who I am about to hear Evil through I know who I am about to hear Once there was this weird fool It's the case hand under his arm and make his gun sound and there's this fake His tongue sounds and he Turn his eyes into his eyes He's drank a glass of milk from straws up to And he's drunk And he's drunk Once your world's defeated I've watched the chatter to the hammer on the ground And when he died, some five were there's the beat Rucks away in a fall from long If the living secret may miss and forgive him Endfield I'm not planning on getting along In a getaway And I'm planning on getting along Quanters will jump Romion and A m Hank You'll nee I don't know He has two rewis. No fun. He only has one for heave me. Mommy knows. No, he has two. Two. Yes. No one is here with. Great. Big one versus the baby center stays with. All right. Okay. 10 before two at five, 60, W. K. Chris, we hope you have it a wonderful time. And if you're going to drink and get a while you're all going to be drinking. Okay. So just walk. That's my best advice. I think about 60 minutes. Two last night about the college could die from drinking too much because it's partly American. It's a tough revolution. They're guns. Ever see any college kids die from a spoken weed. Anybody out there? No. Anybody in a Saudi style from a spoken marijuana? No. Not yet. Did I say nine minutes before two? This is five, 60. You a.