Prophecy. Sports radio 516. WGQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show, to talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for date and error, or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guest callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the feasly broadcast of... Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 569-08-05. Neil got out of WQAM, however the fact is... tired of the same old restaurants, try the cafeteria centaria of Hilea. How much is that doggy on the menu? The one with the barbecue tail? How much is that doggy on the menu? I'm sure that the chef out of jail. That's right, no matter what the weather's like outside, it's always waiting cats and dogs at the cafeteria centaria of Hilea. We'll make your stomach stop growling and make your neighbors pit bulls stop doing the same thing. Talk about delicious. Your meal is always fresh. We kill it right on the premises. For a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price, it's the cafeteria centaria. Try it once. You'll eat there religiously. How much is that doggy on the menu? The one that is fried in deep fat. Please bring me that doggy on the menu. And bring a side order of cats. What run or catch a gray-hound for the cafeteria centaria of Hilea? We do new meetings with the word. That food. 10.03.05.06. You're welcome. What did you say we were debating about giving that stuff away? What was it? Something at Tarzan passes? Tarzan passes. Look at not the four Friday the weekend and Monday. There's one day. Monday through Thursday passes only. That's the answer. It's the summer time. Today is the last day of school. Whatever you want to do. No, I'm not just slow down a minute. Okay, don't get ahead of yourself. I'm just saying that what happens is to make what day it is now that everybody's at a school. And it's summertime. When I write about that, Dan FNA. No, but I was going to say before I was so rudely interrupted, I was going to say that we have a guinea thing away on the show since I think about August and done tremendously well, by the way. Thank you. And I think that would be like a real sellout to do that today. I suppose they're going over to list of the top 5000 actors and actors. See, the deal with that. Not better not say it because that'll screw up the whole thing. But the deal is it's like, you know what I'm saying? It's just, and of course, it's a follow up a year later to what they did last year with the 45,000 best movies. I mean, if you're compiling your own list of like your favorite movies of all time, I can do a top five or top 10. But like, how do you do the top 100? How do you decide between what is different shades between like number 87 and number 88? You follow what I'm saying? What kind of nuance in the movie pushes it like up about a half a point between like 87 and a half 87? It's ridiculous. I'm on the face of it. Now granted it's fun and it kills a lot of time and it gets people really pissed off and they like fight about it because they like fighting about a lot of crappy stuff. It's unimportant. But nevertheless, and by the way, in more than crowd, carpet munchers. I'm serious. I mean, you know, I said it yesterday and evidently we'll get in the evidence right now, you know? Same old crap again. I mean, would I ever take shots at them on this show? Yeah. Why not? I say all out war. That's what I say. I'm going to be a long hot semilicious beat to crap out of you. To work the last time, work like a charm. Huh? Well, of course, you see they let their colors do it and then they all get locked on at your home. Yeah, they have nothing to say. But be that as a name. Oh, this is one of the great letters every day. I try to find a letter for you and either one of the papers and amazingly, I'd say 95% of the days I find one. In the hero this morning, rated our title. Please don't tell the effort. My neighbors from England are shocked to find a verb shagged in New Auckland, movie title. Teenagers are snickering and delight. They're snickering and delight that the SMARMYs synonym for the effort in the film starring Mike Myers is in there. How dare the producers write, T. Hilfman in Fort Lutterdale. The British didn't aim for the effort. Oh, please don't tell the effort. Isn't there? How dare they? And then in the same paper by the way, that's an editorial page. What are the editors? Same newspaper as you turn over to the business section. Here's a big article with a headline. It says, shagvertising in areas again, Austin Powers, this by who shamelessly plugs. And it goes on about here's a picture of what is milk mustache, you had campaign. Oh, I heard mommy had a milk mustache two one time. And then here over here is first USA visa. And there's the emerging Atlantic and all over the goddamn place. Everybody you look, there's Mike Myers, there's this Austin Powers thing. And all over the place. Don't ask me why. I mean, far be it for me to give my opinion about that because you know me, I'm an old-footie daddy, then I want to pee on everybody else's parade that he's so goddamn funny. Is he funny? No, no, he's exactly. A little bit goes along. Yeah, yeah. I mean, it's the same thing over and over and over and over again. I mean, it's the same with that same look and the same bad, a funny bad teeth. No, seriously, that's what they did to make him look British. They made the funny real bad teeth because if you're British, you have to have rotten teeth. And there goes with the territory. Only the royal family are permitted to have what appear to be real teeth and who knows if they are for real or not. Probably not. It probably caps. But something about the British, maybe they're eating too much spotted dick. Oh, probably a tea healthman is for a lot of to be writing a letter to the editor Marbot, the fact that even on the talk show is now they're using British terms like spotted dick. Well, if it's good enough for the British to say, why can't we say it? It's kind of like Mama LaPinga. If it's good enough for the Cubans to say, and all the other, do the Mexican say that? Oh, no, they just do it. No, seriously, is that like a term that is indigenous to deny it's all he or all of who they always do that. Trust me. So here again, somebody very upset the word police. Let's get those guys from Michigan. What was the place? Candish, Spanish Michigan. Let's get those little off of a Spanish. Get them down here and see if they can't do something about this guy. They're most in power's got and shaglantic. The spy who shag me, you know, I think it's a good sign. I think it's great. I mean, maybe just a little tiny bit we're growing up. You know, first it was Monica with the Baba and blow jobs. We finally blew it to that out. Oh, my God, you can't say blow jobs well, everybody. You didn't there you go. Thank you, Baba. I was watching on the news last night. The wooden man. Even Ron Diaz wasn't as wooden as Al Gore. He's a good guy, but he says, wouldn't as they come. He needs a personality transplant. And I was thinking, oh, and also then right after right after they showed that, they had the spot with Bob Doolong, you know, where he's doing the Olympapiness spot. And I was thinking of myself, if you don't like Clinton's politics, at least we had a president this time, we'll get it up. There's something to be said for that. Ah, yeah, we didn't elect somebody who's got a limp. That's not good for the American psyche, okay. Can you see a sitting president? Can you see if Bob Doolong had been elected and he's in there, if I was serving out his second term and he goes on TV and says, well, I have a limp. But, Litty doesn't mind because I'm popping his pills, Litty. And I don't think he's talking about Litty Dool. I think he's talking about G Gordon Litty. Can you tell me where Litty comes from, by the way? Have you ever known anybody named Elizabeth who's been called Litty? What is that all about? Liz. Beth. Beth? Oh, speaking of Beth, by the way, the guiding light. Now you'd like her, even though she's a little old, it may come and make so look a lot younger. Definitely would like her. She's now, I would say, the best female in that show by a long shot, Beth. Even though I can't stand the character she plays and her acting is like so overdone. 20 years for overacting sweetheart with a hand. Like everything, but Lizzy, I'll let with a hand. But anyway, Sam just rambling with it. I'm going to kill some good time and I'll blow the side. The audience will let us know whether they're, we should give those passes away. The Tarzan or not. Is that what they're for Tarzan and movie? Maybe if we play Tarzan and Jane by two box in the background. Would we have that here? No. Anywhere, it's 1009 at 5.50, WQAM. I'm using both my Jockey Shores. And now, thoughts. Do something today that you've never tried before. Like really putting in a full day of work. You'll appreciate how much you get away with. Once someone hurts you, forgive them and move on. Unless you have a clear shot at punching them in the head. If there are no dwarfs in a circus, does that mean there's a shortage of little people? Yes. How come you have to eat no chocolate? But drink, chocolate milk. Take a few moments each day to look back on your life and reflect. Why was that stupid? Look at yourself in the mirror. And if you're in a few cuts, you are. And if the manual interested in won't give you a time of day, he's just gay. If you think everybody is out to get you, they are. Plant just one seed and it will reveal a gift of nature that can be admired or stomped into the ground, depending on your moves I did. If you can't say anything nice about somebody, make up something about their sexual preference. It's almost time to get you with it. Bye ever see him again. It'll be much, much too soon. I'm trying to think of the people who just get me gay. The most, and there's several on the list like Todd Drecker example. But will Smith? I mean, what was the story with him? Can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can he sing? No, can't. How did the defendant is Ricky Martin? But pretty close. Speaking of offensive by the way, somebody facts his ass. 60 something year old Jim Brown. Hey, Jim Brown brought you Jackson to pres out there. Great number 32, Cleveland Brown. One of the greatest running backs, uh, all those number 32s, uh, arrested last five on felony charges for threatening kill his 24 year old wife. Oh, but he was white two, by the way. And he's another guy that likes white two. Which is there's nothing wrong with that generally speaking. But there's something about these athletes that there are certain ones. again not to mention any names but they're very big with white chicks. What does that all about? Maybe somebody can verify that for us with the Jim Brown's wife is whatever she might be. So let's find out from the audience but let's you know because I know it's Thursday it's a horrendous day I can just feel that you can smell it. I can already anticipate it but now we could play the easy way out and give away those goddamn pyrs and pyrs since we have about 50 million of them but that would be a cop out. So let's find out from the audience whether they want us to do that or not because it will kill the show. That much I guarantee right now there is no question whatsoever. There were two things last year that were killers on this radio show from like the middle of the summer until we stopped doing the giveaways in August of September and that was the giveaways and number one even more than that was talking about that way and we sure all the time which nobody listening audience wanted to see. There were some people who watched it about 10 of them but those people weren't people who listened to the radio show because they had a life or worked during the daytime so they turned around at night to see just how ugly I was. And which Martha I was wearing that night and what a hypocrite I was because it was a religious thing. Are you following what I'm saying so far? No, but those were two detrimental things. So let's fight out from these people should we give away and I'm not giving them away right now. Okay don't call it say it while I'll take some because we do have 36 of them and each one is for good for two people. I love let me ask you something this Tarzan I'm a little bit confused. Didn't we just have a Tarzan with what's his name? I can't think of the guy's name. He's always an MTV for whatever reason. You know the guy I'm talking about? You don't know the guy I'm talking about? No, an MTV. He's always not a singer but he's always on it for whatever reason. He's like, and not a bad looking guy. He's like, I can't think of what his name is. He's definitely not on the list of the top 50 actors. We did just have a Tarzan though he did it was like a bomb. This is the cartoon. The Disney thing. Oh this is a cartoon. This is a Disney cartoon or something. Who's that another doorway by the way? That's got the door cracked open there. That's not Egor is it? Is that Egor in the doorway? No. Oh, who was that? Some guy. Some guy you didn't know. The other guy who's very scared of you. Who is one of the salespeople? Neh, not direct. Neh, I forgot. Oh you don't even know what his name is? Good. Where are you guys? We got so many salespeople here that we don't even know their names anymore. How many salespeople we got here at measly broadcasting boys and girls? How do you like that? Brendan Fraser. Fraser Fraser. There you go Brendan Fraser. Now you know who that is? Yes. He looks adequate actor and they find looking young men. No, I wouldn't say he's free. He's okay. I give about seven and a half. Abulate. Yeah, he's adequate. I mean he's no, you know. But that was Georgia the jungle comedy. But that was the Tarzan movie. Yeah, jungle man. Do we need any more Tarzan movies? No, no. I got any other car. Who the hell do you have? We got a guy. Haven't done it in cartoon yet. Who do you want to see a guy named Tarzan cartoon? Are you out of your mind? I do. No, you don't. You're daughter of you. You want to see a Tarzan cartoon? Sure. I love Tarzan. Oh my god. Don't worry. I'm going to get into you. You're up with that. Tarzan. So anyway. So let's find out whether we should do giveaways. And just this one time. I don't think we're going to do it. I'm very averse to doing it. You know what they're going to say. What? You need to pass. No, no. I'm not. I don't hear a dial tone. So God damn fast. We're not giving anything away. We're doing a four play now to find out whether we should give stuff away. To me, that's the worst thing you can do on a radio show. I want to apologize to everybody in this town for going to that period of time. Even those portable movies we gave away. Even though it didn't reach many lives out there in radio land or I should say those adult videos. You have posters. A porn movies because then a town of scene in filthy. Which in America everything's obscene in filthy. Even though everybody wants to see it. And especially some of us want to do it. But nevertheless. We'll find out. Come on. Let's go. Let's find out from this crowd out there. You're a bunch of deadheads. Just like I did that thing yesterday about mandatory Joe Rose. And like, you know, three people I had at a four speed. Have an opinion on it. These people don't even have an opinion anything. And you want to know why they're not conquered. There were sitting back waiting thinking that I will give them out. And then they're going to call right away grab them. And please stop calling about Casper Van Bean. Who is whom? Who's in Tarzan in the latest Tarzan movie with Jane March, which was a very big bomb. Yeah. He was the guy from Starship Troopers. I know that was the person in the face. That wasn't the Tarzan movie. No. You were just, I know that movie was George of the jungle. There's so many other way. A cartoon made it in the movie. We've had the same way. We've had the guy damn rope. And he was running around. But a guy damn leopard skin outfit on the same old crap. You know? Yeah, but he runs into things. And then he started doing the monkey. Who is a QAM? Look at that. These people are, you're pathetic. You really are. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Uh, listen. I'm calling because I respect your opinion. Uh-huh. And I like what you have to send the past about diabetes. I have diabetes. And my doctor just prescribed resuline. Have you heard anything about that? No, not really. No. No. Because it was a couple of mnus to pull in it from the market. I heard some negative things about it. Yeah. And I just spoke to the doctor who prescribed it to me. Yeah. And he's telling me that it's all a bunch of fault advertising. All about that. But listen. Seriously. Instead of calling me, why don't you go second opinion? Call another doctor. Call, I just wanted to call you and see if you had any- No, but that's my advice is to get a second opinion from another doctor. I don't give people life, uh, you know, I mean, that's, uh, when you have diabetes, it's like life and death. Yeah. Get another opinion. All right. Okay. Good luck. Hello, that's that. I mean, I don't want, you know, I'm not be little in the guy because diabetes is serious. Elisian, you got to have it under control because you go blind. You lose your limbs. And, uh, you know, you start going a little bit like that, but nevertheless, find a real doctor out there. And when you find one by the way, let me know who it is. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. There's no interest in these passes by the way, yes, sir. No giveaways, please. Okay. We'll Smith blows. Yeah. And what are you things going to happen in that? Dallas? I say final score Buffalo 3 Dallas 2. That's my prediction. Okay. That's great. How do you like that? What's the answer for them? Right. Hold. He's out. Good. That frog Ben Watho, I guess, is coming back. But he's 100 years old. That one became different. And what's up with all these people calling you? Oh, Neil. I got diabetes and go. What can I do? The doctor, Neil, show you better get with it. If we got doctor, Laura, we got a compete man. We got to keep up with the times. I knew how I like that. Go Saber is baby tonight. It's a big night. We got that game right here on 560 W to QM. Your sports intent is station will anybody be listening? Oh, but we got it anyway. Nice job by the Marlin's last night. As they can as they completed their sweep out there. There is on a losing 12 to 6. Okay. So we're, to bed early. 12 6, Marlin's losers last night. They're back in a groove. Now, I see now there's no pressure anymore. Now they just lose every day. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Look at this. See what I'm saying about desperate. I could feel it. I know. I got the sense. I can feel it. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pomp 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Pomp and O. Hello. Morning, Mr. Router. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm fine, sir. How are you? Great. No, no giveaways, Neil. Yeah. And go Sabers. Okay. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yeah, sir. Don't give a lot, man. You don't want those people calling anyways. Okay. Thanks. Don't answer, man. Well, let me just do a screenless run here for like about the kill three or four minutes and find out. And I guarantee you that in the mixed there among these people, there will be people who say, can we have the passes? We have our, our nephews are visiting from Long Island. I guarantee you watch. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pomp 5 60 on a mobile one line. To give or not to give, that is the goddamn question. And it's a stupid cartoon by the way, too. Who do I want to see some stupid car? Guess what? How come that didn't get on here? I wonder. I'm going to curious how come that didn't get on here just there? And you know something, I'm not even going to dig the fire by mentioning who it was. How do you like that? Desperate, desperate, lifeless, pathetic, tragic, sobhuman, scumbag. But anyway, have a nice day. WQM. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, give away. Thank you. What do you say? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. One more. No. Thank you. See, they don't want it. This is good. I think we've got the audience trained. They don't want those. Those were some of the worst shows I ever did in my life. Oh, can we, please, have 17 of the passes and shall we have like a parking pass and a blueberry animal? Boy, hate those people. Nothing worse than free loaders. Now let's talk about Ruth Chris again. How come they all start? Hey, listen, no, if you look, if you're going to spend first, then you deserve like maybe a little something, you know, a little demitas, like I said, that students. WQAM. QAM. Take it line. WQAM, hello. Yeah, how you doing? Great. Is this meal speaking? All right, you know, I got you in the first ring. Anyways, I want you to give it away and the tickets to the tarzan also. Yeah, why? All right, I don't know. Sounds like you didn't want to yourself. What did you? I mean, it's just a good cartoon. You wouldn't go to a cartoon, would you? Of course. You would go to a cartoon. I live in Miami. You got to be a mature. Oh, that's a good point. Okay. Well, I'll think about it. Thank you, sir. Okay. There's one who says give away and he'll be calling back in hurry. If I say, we'll give away. Hey, listen, we can kill about two hours doing this. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, hey, there's a method to my madness. I'll tell you that right now. Okay. I consider it talk about a bunch of boring sportscraft and start calling people names on a morning show like carpet month, you're we have that deal here and pillow fighter. Oh, yeah, let's hear that. How long is it by the way? 16 seconds. Oh, yeah, let's hear it. I got a clock little tickle buffer. Why does it be thanks to call when he's lifting out of jail ideas? All he wants is a little pair of bodies to call and spit up on his side. He said, Chuck, Joe, you're absolutely right for arguing because you're going to work with those two guys. I don't know how you're saying it. Oh, I mean, that I take that as a high compliment. A guy who sounds like that. He's sucking up on Joe's side. Hey, if that's the best you got on your side, Joe, guess what? You're in deep doo doo, baby. You got a real serious tourist. And then you know something we just took a poll in the station. There was one person here that came down on Joe's side. Even if people had hate, stuff like poison, all 40 of them. They said, what kind of crap is that? But again, another one was suckling sound like a real new Yorker with that same setting. All sound to say, and they all smell the same, go back on a subway, okay, get out of our lives. See, I thought it was like maybe like a normal person. That's a high compliment to me. When somebody that's that much of an obvious scumbag with a phony voice. Yeah, you covered my new, uh, uh, five packer yeah, pack this, okay? You jack-ass. In fact, just pack a small bag and get on the bus. That would be a big favor to all of us. In fact, maybe Joe could take you, okay? Maybe the two of you could like, uh, head north together, or maybe do East would be good. That was great. 1027 at 560 WQM if you're a talk dirty to me. Hey. Oh, I got that. I got my dad's. I got my dad's. I got my dad's. I got my dad's. Can't me. All right, 32 at 560 WQM. I got thank Goldberg. Sure, it to a clock. We got Josh Dero. It's six o'clock tonight. How do you like that? All Clarence is on you like that? Oh, yeah, come on. He'll be great. He'll be great. He'll sound like over the age of 10. He's on from six to eight. He's filled a couple hours in here because we got nobody else. And then we got the NHL game number five Stanley Cup championship they call it this year. We used to call it the finals, but that didn't sound against impressive enough. So we're very back into side. Well, see Stanley Cup championship. Okay. Whatever you say, you little twerp. Eight o'clock tonight Buffalo will be Dallas. Oh, man. It'll be great. Wouldn't that be something if they be in the night? Well, you love that. Uh, give me sexual excitement. So anyway, I, you know, getting back to the carpet, much in guy or whatever that guy was talking about, the pickle puffers. Let me just say this to you. I would normally dignify a jackass. I'm not just New York stereotypical scumbag loud, mothluck you, but I let me just say this as far as the Joe roasting was out of my dwell on, but I will anyway. See, one of the things that I find especially a guy used to be a football player, you know, big, jock, much of the whole deal. You can't be a pussy. No matter what business you're in, you have to take responsibility for your own success or failure. You can't always be looking to blame somebody else, you know? So if you have a crappy trend or crappy rating book or whatever it is, don't be looking to blame the program director or the sales manager or everybody else or the general manager, which wouldn't do because you don't have the ball to repive on here, but nevertheless, don't be looking to blame somebody else. Look in the mirror. It'd be very easy to say, well, we don't have any promotion on this body, and also, we don't have any promotion. We still just had the biggest guy named rating book in history of WKUAM in a modern history of it anyway since we're back in the days when there was only two stations on here, and they still couldn't make 50%. So how is that possible? I just, I'm just not too big on guys that are always looking for scapegoats, blaming somebody else. I mean, if I'm on the year and like, you know, get a lot of crappy calls in the idiots, and how can I blame the people on the other side of the glass? Are they responsible for that? No. We got a whole bunch of people in this radio station who have turned into emotional cripples away. We don't know what that's all about. If you're having a crappy day, you know, a crap happens. That's the way it is. Just the way it works. But don't be looking to point the finger at all the underlings. Oh, you're cheerful. Yeah. How is it their fault? Are they making the calls? No. Are they set up deals? No. So that's my best advice, okay, that's some of the people that is building need to grow up and take responsibility for their own success or failure. You're going to take credit for the success. Don't be pointing the finger at everybody else, blaming them when you suck big time, okay? I'm not blaming anybody else for those shows where I was given stuff away. Those shows suck. I apologize. I'm embarrassed by those shows. Those shows were worse than back in the days when I was doing those boring gifts. I'm W. Snooze 100 years ago and I'm in Z at night. Hello, that's those shows. I'm embarrassed by it. I apologize for those. I don't blame it to anybody else. Nobody held a gun to my head and said you got to put this old fart on a year and talked to a bunch of 90 year old geriatric idiots who want to hear some free medical advice and you know, find out how to squeeze their bag the right way. Nobody told me to do that. I take responsibility. It takes a real man like yours truly to take responsibility for your own or whatever. If you're going to say, hey, look, we just had a great book. Fine. Don't want to have a crappy book. Don't look to blame anybody else. Joe and others in this building. Don't be pointing the finger at all the other ones. I'm blaming them when you're young. Do it really crappy horrible show. Say, I suck today. I'd like to have some of these people on this station get on here and say, my show yesterday sucked and I'm responsible for it. Huh? Now, my show yesterday happened to be pretty damn good. I'm not sure how this, you know, although we've had plenty of shows on this station at suck and I take some responsibility for it. I think mostly it's George. No, seriously. Don't be doing another people when you suck. If I suck, it's because I want to suck, okay? But that's another story for tomorrow's show. Let's see. People are saying a synonym for the F-word. Oh, yeah. Here's, uh, thank you. I can't stand Will Smith. Is there anybody in this audience Oh, no. Everybody, I know a hate sim like poison. Do the black people like Will Smith? Oh, white people? Yellow people? Purple people? No. Eaters? No, they hate him. Who are his crowd? Who they be? I think it's another medium myth. I think it's a conspiracy. Nobody likes Will Smith. He's just obnoxious. He just got that arrogant, hostile attitude like my stuffed don't stink. God, as he makes me nauseous. How come pretty Prince's dead and he's still alive? Whatever that means. But it's, uh, I think it's a great point. Here's Pompidobie, Shilo. Hey, no, how you doing? Great. A, uh, six pounds and five days on the act. All right. A one question too. We emold the number 25 on that list. Yeah. That's ridiculous. Yeah. And Peter Finch is nevon the list. Hey, where's Peter? Who? Peter O'Tool is, uh, Malson on a list. I mean, that's what that's the Travis do. No tools on this list. The father-o-tools on a number 22. Number 69 father-o-tools. Hey, another question. Um, can't we get like toppings of way to can look up, serving to can look up and 76 can look up on tape? Yeah, and canada like at the world largest bookstore. Oh, yeah. I actually have real page you can get right. Right. All right. Hey, can I suck around for the Tarzan? For me. Oh, I love it. I just had an accident. Squirt squirt. Oh, my god. You see what I mean? Now, and now you can make it if you know how to do it. Right. This can be gory entertaining in a very sadistic way. And of course, I am sadistic. I'm a real sadist. I love, you know, it's what the 11 South Florida long enough. You become a very, uh, kind of cloistered and unfriendly and be you start becoming a sadist. Anyone who inflict as much punishment on everybody else, so they can be as miserable as you are because you have to be here. Wow. That was great. By the way, sir, the answer is the answer is no. We haven't even decided yet whether we're going to give them away. We're doing a little foreplay here, okay? And don't throw. You don't use your daughter. I love these people that use their kids as a tool, okay? Use them as a weapon. Oh, well, my little kid is dying of some horrible disease. We don't know what it is yet. And we're not really sure if he's got it. But we think he might be dialing someday. Can we have the tickets? No. What tickets? We're not doing a ticket yet. This is the foreplay hour. And so far, the overwhelming majority of people have said, don't do that because if I do do it, it's only because we won persons are followed. And that's your, I mean, mine. No, well, he's pushing for it. I don't know why you're pushing for it. You got to send them out. He's getting the mailing labels all out. You can, in fact, it's more for you. Maybe goof all there once some needle will go see that. Would you? Stephanie, I want to see it. There you go. Maybe he'd like a pair and some tickets too. So let's give them to our friends in here if we have any that I want to go see it. Not the waste hour time at the audience. Go to see some stupid Tarzan cartoon. What kind of a person goes and see as a star star. It's the entire cartoon. Only somebody who goes because his woman, you know, he's got a pacifier. So maybe he might get lucky someday soon. And or, you know, or George wants to put on a good act for his family like he's a family man. So anyway, 21 before two, by the way, I understand that we're all getting on a remember fill-hentry head that Ireland trip that went over like a bomb because nobody believed it was for real. I think we're all getting on a plane and going to Shannon. Hey, you. What's wrong with that? Shannon, Shannon, uh, huh? What do you mean by that? See, now you get a little bit carried away. Don't overdo it. You know what I mean? So we'd have to get a little too carried away. See what I mean about him give him a little bit of opening up that that that that that that that all these guys there. They want their own show. I'm going to tell you two a clock today. It'd be dynamic. Hollywood's sent it all gave me his word. Yeah, what do you give me? It looked like that for he had a crappy show yesterday. I heard he had a hang show and he's blaming everybody else. It wasn't because everybody else because your collar stuck. He ever had bad collar before. What's wrong with you man? Not a point. I told you stop picking on the underlayer was Mr. just because you lost one of your 30 pounds. Now you were a big shot. Just calm down and believe me, you don't look that great any more than I do. Everybody around here, a little bit out of control. Like I said, everything was going just great. We were on an even keel. Everybody was happy. We had great ratings and then all of a sudden we get one bad trend or somebody farts the wrong flavors and then everybody's all been out of shape here. Must be a coincidence Greg's out of town when this is all going on two by the way. Is it a coincidence? No, no. Pussies. 20, me 4, 11, and 5, 60, WQM, I see. Mark you mark in the funky bar. Because mocking market. Bittery men awards. And the guy from Millie Binelli, but ended Kildum's old. Yeah. It's very meaningful. Who's your followers are 99? I'm answered by value, Jack. Nessor Ceremony is Kild Kild and Monaco in Kildum. Who's your followers are? 99. Who's your followers are? I hear it's great. Thanks from Boston. Unless, yeah, totally if we had another out of town line here, we get 50 million calls every day from living and breathing people. But nevertheless, the fact museum still works. From Scott and Boston, who says, I like hearing you not give stuff away. When you give free motors a hard time, it makes my day. My vote would be free to tell people you were given and take it to away. But they're not actually given to anyone who asked for them. Always done that before. I've pulled that. You know, especially when we actually were given something away, but had to go through about 100 people. I don't know. That's bad. It's that statistics tree can be again. That makes sense. I like hearing people gravel, especially for something as insignificant as movie tickets. You know, there's nobody listening to me right now. Can't afford like 10 bucks for a pair of movie tickets. Is there anybody? No. No. I mean, I realize that that cheap booze is pretty expensive these days. That grandma boon, but nevertheless. So thank you, Scott and Boston. How do you like that? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I still haven't made up my definitive mind, though, by the way. Because I think the audience might enjoy hearing a lot of you people out there gravel and, you know, dehumanize yourself. I mean, for 10 bucks worth of tickets, these people do almost anything. They get out there to hand the knees and kiss my feet. Oh, sorry, Joe. Here's a facts. Now where the hell is this? This look all I see. Panama City. That's what happened. A fourth grade student was reading a magazine when his teacher won the Nelson Granite magazine that is called it pornography ripped up the offending pages and threw them in a trash can. This was in Panama City, only in America, only in Prudish, backwards America. The magazine was National Geographic. And the pornography was an article on evolution that included drawings, not pictures, not photos, drawings of naked humans. Oh my God. Wow. Yesterday the Cherry Street Elementary School teacher received a written reprimand for inappropriate action, but the school superintendent didn't believe that censorship was an issue. Bake County School Superintendent Larry Bolanger said he supported the teachers right to stop, or she considered a disruption, but said she crossed the line when she damaged the magazine. In other words, it's okay to keep the kids from looking at those drawings, but don't be drawn on the trash because probably the superintendent wants to see it later on. Sebastian Allen, 10, had taken his older brother's magazine a rare collector's issue to after Ms Nelson that encouraged Ms Nelson. I asked down here once before, and nobody responded to it because they don't want to admit that most of their teachers were bulldogs. Miss, how can you be Ms? I mean, you're Ms, whatever she was, she was like 65 years old, she was Ms. I did teach her Ms. Lyons, she was like 120 years old, she was still a Ms. There's something on this here. Anyway, he had taken a magazine to school after Ms Nelson had encouraged students to bring reading material from home, in case they completed a state assessment test before time ran out. So it brings in this national geographic 10 years old. Do you think that 10 year olds are two young, they'll see drawings of naked people? No. I mean, what are we talking about here boys and grow 10 years old? Is there any kid that two young to see pictures of naked people? No. And because the message we want to send out of course is the human body is dirty. dirty, dirty, dirty, the body is forget about the sex part, but I mean, just the body all by itself it's dirty, especially if it's like I a lot of hair on it like an ape, then it's really dirty. When you know that hair collects a lot of, you know, ooh, all kinds of stuff, but at any rate. So there you go, Panama City Florida, where you'd expect to find that kind of crap going on by the way, Panama City, bunch of uptight for readings, and you people are talking about, wow, if we ever get casinos here, yeah, we're going to get casinos here. Up your ass, we're going to get casinos because we got these places. Take a look at this state. Where do you find a part of this state? Where does like living and reading people? We have about what? 500 of them here? Where else? Any of them in Tampa? No. We got four or five over there in Fort Myers listening on our affiliate over there. Like I said three or four? Naples? No. Got the bees leaves over there. That immediately qualifies the subhuman. Tampa? Oh, no. Clear water? No. Loots? No. Panama City? No. Tallahassee? No. Jamesville? Oh, say college students, maybe. Especially if they're from out of state. There's a few. But other than that, the idea of living and breathing people, people would IQ larger than their tonal in this state is so ludicrous. And we're going to get casinos here. We're going to have like all these things going on. No, we got, we got license plates that say choose life and to take a bullet for a crisis, we got those coming out. But anything that makes sense to be, my people, to have a good time with, okay, all you spring breakers now, they tonal has had enough to get out of there. Push them up into Georgia. Push them up to God damn Savannah. Anywhere out of this state, we don't want any living and breathing people here. We don't want to have a good time. We want to make sure that misery loves company and you're having it. misery. Even, maybe we ought to bring her here to be governor. Kathy Bates, she'd be a perfect governor for the state of Florida. She'd come over to your house and break your legs in her spare time. Here's, what is that? Boy, beach, or boint in beach. Boy, where's that? Yes, sir. We'll go ahead. I say give the tickets away, but don't want to Southern Baptist. Uh-huh. I guess that leaves you out, okay. We're not giving away no tickets unless we get a whole run of people here or one of them. If you want to be better call right now, maybe I'll break down. I doubt it, but we never know. What? Well, you're saying don't do it either? I'm asking. I actually a question. I don't answer the phone and just get addresses and stuff like that. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, well, there's an honest answer. She's Jordan never said that before because George has got a family to support. He's like on a payroll. But when you're not making any money here, I guess that's a real honest answer. They're right there. It's a pain in the ass. Taking all those names in the, oh, make him do it then. He's the one that's got all the address labels out. 560, 050, 560, on the mobile one line. It's great. Just great watching people grow. I, while we might daughter, she's so upset. You had those tickets. You're going to share them with us. Yes, share this. I like to recharge, by the way. In fact, we might show a seven-at-neumelo put the tickets. 567. So you don't want to bet enough, do you? And the one guy we're given credit, he did ask it. It was very humiliating and embarrassing. I'm sure a lot of people are calling him at home right now. Or at the office just making all kinds of fun of him. But it was worth it. For 10 bucks worth a crappy ticket to some stupid cartoon movie. And by the way, it's Disney, which is why the guy said given to the Southern Baptist. That was cute, pal. Just a just hit me. Okay, I'm a little bit slow today. 567. 0560. Mom, a little bit slow because I'm still recovering for the everyone behavior of some of our host here yesterday who are busy running around screaming at everybody else. You know, we got some people here. They can put on this act of being a little bit civilized for a one. You know, then all of a sudden, then they be virtual to their true form. You know what I'm talking about? I'm telling you how relaxed I'm pitching everybody out. You had a crappy show. Life goes on. You got a nice big fat check coming in there. That big network check coming into everything's going along great. Don't, don't rock the boat. By the way, speaking of disco. Yeah, I was in my barbers tier this morning and they had, and by the way, guess what song? Everywhere I go. I mean, you can't get away from it. In fact, I'm almost getting tired of visiting goddamn back street boards. The single, you know, I mean, it's a great song, but enough already. I mean, just enough. There's other great songs that I'd album. And that by the way, was one of the first 45,000 times, but now, just give it a rest. Wow. So anyway, my I'm sitting there getting my haircut. And on the radio, I must have been while 100 because it sounded like a real bunch of simple things on there. And they were talking to Donna Summer. When they had Donna Summer on while 100, she got like a new hit or something, she does. I guess that's what they were playing. Anyway, they were talking about, well, isn't it great that she was never stalked and she was never getting all that bad publics? And I'm thinking to myself, who the hell is really ever heard it? I'll tell her a little comeback here. She was my barberset. She was doing gospel records there for a while. You know, that's how desperate she was because everybody was running around with the trendy thing to say disco, suck, even though everybody loved this girl. But everybody had a while around saying disco, suck because they figure if you said that you liked this girl, that made you a faggot. And of course it did because like it seems like everything else. You want to know how to dress, turn to the faggot. Okay. You want to know about music, turn to the faggot. You want to know about show business, movies aren't all that turn to the faggot. Now, some people would say, well, if you want to know about music, turn to the shfartes because everybody's rapping it all the young white guys and they're talking like shfartes, they're listening their music. But see basically white people don't have anything, you know? Head of a sexual white people have no culture, they have nothing of their own. They steal everything from somebody else. That's an excellent point that I just made even unimpressed by. Never really thought about that before. Of them, maybe Elvis, maybe that's why Elvis is so high in that list because he's a he was a he was a wasp. He was a good old country boy, redneck, who used to sleep with a mommy till they were about 35. Yeah. What's wrong with sleeping in the same bed with mommy till you're like 40. I don't, you know, it's a little crowded, but here's a mobile and top and a hello. Yeah, I know how you do it to that great. You want some tickets? Now, come to Joe. Well, let me find my message. Yeah. And I paid for five of the slime fattener local flexion today. We had to call it back the preacher. We got another bad preacher. Okay. Thank you. Let me save four or five of the local section. Okay, I'll dig it up in the breakout. Whatever you say. Not another bad preacher. It's just another isolated into the table fact in the church. 567. 560. 560. 560. On a mobile one line. I got a great facts from my Nureth. You ever get a facts from a guy named Nureth before? No, no. Who's his really? Those is really? You talk about the Sparks is having strange names. Those is really like Yitzhach. Didn't you sure I'd say his brothers name was Yitzhach? But that's in Hebrew. We don't do Hebrew. Like Nachman. My name is Nachman. It's got a good and oh, there's not one delicious. Nachman, I love that. Two has got strange names. Sparks has got really a funky name. I like Moisha. I would say all the names in America. My favorite is definitely Moisha. What be your favorite name? Huh? Now, see, it's interesting that white people like to like the rap music and white kids like speaking to the nigger thing. Hey, Nigger now. But you don't see white people yet. Name in their kids, Moisha. Not yet. Now, maybe if you're a springer stays out long enough, it might start, you know, splitting into trailer parks. Can't you just see white, white kids in trailer parks name, Moisha? I like it. 567 and maybe Mofo your money? 560560560 and mobile one line. Why send a little incoherent to this? I don't know what that is. I don't know why I'm so incoherent. Maybe it's because I have to go to Monkeys for lunch today and a little bit off my feed. That might be it. Now, I'm not like the guy in the guy you're going to print in another people's red and that's not business. What you do is just to you. Why some folks may not see our videos. I thought this book the reevaled free as far as what anybody else likes to do. I like this book. It helps me relax and not aware of the cancer and the heart of the actor. The name time I'll tell you exactly. But since you do love or get me pissed and I'd like this strangle of some of a bitch that tells me not to smoke my cigarette. Smoke smoke that cigarette. Smoke smoke that cigarette. Smoke that cigarette. I don't give a crap what you say. Now get the hell out of my way. I don't smoke that. I don't smoke that cigarette. Now, and you can't smoke it. Most restaurants or even bars. It's the most precious that can't out see. Not don't eat any judgment fast on me by some take a money as as just because I'm smoking a cigarette. Smoke smoke that cigarette. Smoke smoke that don't care if I smoke that. Just don't have a little fun. So get your hands out of my lungs. Smoke that. Don't smoke smoke. cigarette. The one thing that's three of those things about our ginger is cigarette and fingers smoking in the energy. I guess it's okay for this. So if you want any more anti-spoken laws fast, let me bet right over it. You can kiss my ass and let's go to cigarette. Smoke smoke that cigarette. So smoke that cigarette. Smoke that cigarette. I'll get the hell out of my way or else I'll close smoke in your things. Let's go to it five sixty. Welcome to the next one. We just got some unbelievable information from one of our listeners out there. I can't divulge the source, but it's a very credible source. So the rumor is that maybe that's why he went ballistic yesterday. Maybe he was looking to get canned. But the rumor is that Joe Rose is leaving the morning show. That's a reminder, sir. Passed to me by a very authoritative source. So we'll find out maybe we might open the door for. There you go. We've been waiting. He's been waiting in the waiting waiting for a long time for that call. Yes. So we'll be tuning into Margotist to make sure because I hear it's like imminent like any second. Here's Hollywood. Hello, Neil O'Heeam. Speaking. How are you? Nostime. Yes. As far as the Stanley Cup goes. Yes. Since the time is on Buffalo, does that mean's Grootland is God? Yeah. Scrootland's a piece of crap. Yeah. Let's say you know, it's how he got says in other stupid penalty there at the end toward the end of the game. Like he used to with the Panthers last two years. I know we got rid of my said good riddance to bad rubbish. Yeah, but Satan versus. Okay. Thank you. God at the first time, sir, it was week the first time and then to repeat it. That's like unconscionable. So you actually just let that go on and on and then blame somebody else for the fact that was a real crappy boring call, but I'm not going to do that. You know what I'm saying? I don't the fact like, you know, everybody else. Like I said, five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T. What does line? I just dumped that. I dumped myself. Is that what the third time I've ever done that? No, I promised I wouldn't say that. Okay. And I'd always keep my promise most of the time. That was bad. It just kind of like slipped out. But it just, it just one of those things, you know, when the per... I'm like I said yesterday, a one-bed trend and right away, everybody around here that was doing so great. Now a little bit sudden, it's starting to get like real all you know there. Like that. What's going to happen if we have another bed trend and whatever comes out in a couple of weeks? What's going to happen then, huh? You can just only imagine the psychosis going on this building. Just relax. I think y'all the out of hold a seminar. I'm a good student. I learned the hard way. I don't give a shot. That's right. To all those months of grief and screaming and yelling and carrying on and getting the phone slam down to me by Bill Tanner, which at least is saving for having to speak them again, by the way, because you do understand this is the Tanner building. Where we going here is West Miami, hello. Hello, Neil? Yes sir. Pick report from West Miami. The cops busted. I was getting all changed the other day and the cops busted a guy out doing stuff in a bathroom at Jiffy Lug. Yeah. And you want Jiffy Lug's even placed to do it, I guess. I guess you was getting a full top-to-bottom service. Right. Listen, you're the best keep up to good work. No giveaways, please. I hate those people that call. They want their sweet, lowly, feel the sweet and low from the restaurants and they want free tickets. God bless you, sir. And don't steal too much Jiffy Lug. Okay? All right, man. Just enough for one hand. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pont 5, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line. So far it's unanimous, except the course for the free loaders who want to take it. And you know something and I might actually give some away here today. I just pick and choose one, two, a pair. Line two once, take it. I already saw that. I'm way ahead of you. Now see, I already did your favor by dumping the other thing out to just relax. Okay? Just stay calm. I'm way ahead of all you people. I'm so far ahead. That's the problem. I keep looking back. But there's nobody there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pont 5, 60 on the AT&T. See if the audience really understood what I'm half of the stuff I'm talking about, then I'd really be doing great. Or maybe being big trouble. Where's the facts I was talking about my Israeli friend? What the hell I do with that? So much good crap here today. Man. And a lot of fans stuff too. Most of the facts that come in, oh here it is. It's right here on top or it was. It says dear Neil, I heard you're for the first time about 12 years ago. This is our Israeli friend, by the way. Who starts out by going Oh, I heard you for the first time about 12 years ago and visiting the states from Israel. My father gave you a hearty recommendation telling me you were astounding. So I listened to this I, all I recall is Pope madness. The Pope was on his way here and you were in a frenzy. I must admit I was astounded. I'm astounding and he was astounded. What do you expect? I was astounding. You should be astounded. So much so that I took your show back with me to Israel and tried to petal it and he'd reformat. Look at this. They're even trying to rip me off and Israel. How do you like that? Israel needed a good political religion in the bashing radio station. So I nagged and failed. Oh, there's marked mostly standing in the doorway. So I was good. There's one of the people from Power 96. Himanschgo Griffin are there any other ones? Oh, no. Anyway, it says they looked at me contemptuously and they said they had heard of you and they don't want, they don't want such as you. Nothing personally. We're just too kind of hurtful. We don't want his kind on the air over here is what they were trying to say. God's our voice is what they said. And they called their radio station the voice of peace. Ha, he said. With the explanation point. I love that. Don't you? Look so all the things that you see like in comic books. You know it's like power like in Batman. You know, power, bam, things that nobody ever says or makes those sounds. But nevertheless, ha! Anybody you know ever say? Ha? Oh, no. Only at the dentist. Anyway, to make a story, long story even longer, I'm back here in Miami. It'll be three years since I've arrived you're ever refreshing breeze in the sweltering decaying city. I enjoy listening to your accurate brutally honest wood. Unfortunately, I can't leave Miami so don't you leave either. Oh, it's a matter of fact now that you mentioned that Joe Rosen, I already been to do a we constantly hear all the bad and corrupt. I merely wanted to praise you for all the good and compassionate. Perhaps hopeful triumph over his experience as Samuel Johnson said, whatever that means. Listeless in Miami. And I'd rather recall a useless in Miami than Norris because you know it is like what kind of a name is that? That's almost as bad as Moisha. Don't be picking on Moisha again. We'll get that guy caught again from Liberty City who was also iconic because he thought it was a racist thing. I don't care if you're like purple. Okay. If your name is Moisha, I can say God, changes. Eight minutes after 11 at 5.60 WCOM have we given a ticket to where yet? Oh, I'm sure thinking about it. I got my thinking cap on. I might just do it. If somebody sucks real hard, you know, if somebody gets me just in the right frame of my mix of some cock and maybe story, I'm not give away some of those Tarzan to that great Disney cars in cartoon. It's Disney so it must be great and it's probably part of that homosexual agenda too by the way. Is this one or Tarzan? Like keeps dropping his one cloth on the ground? I think that's the damn one. Joking at the door, I think the horn where Legend in the We should crack it and be started my son without he's going to crack it in a no-bye joke I never thought to crack it in without cracking my blood yet Gene Doc told me Ah No that every now is thin I still some crack to provide you That's it, you're a pig on some with buck on the intersection working for free So, that's it, you're a pig on the way down Relactic use and fire of purple house with no windows And be mad at normal wishes she must have a good home Oh Oh Yeah, please go to crack city and I'm going to film my crack I've been going to crack city, you can tell me that I've been going to crack city and pass my route I've been going to crack city, pass my route I've been going to crack city, pass my route Oh, those are the things you taught me I've been taught that You mean you didn't take me to the streets Oh, oh, oh Oh Oh 15 to 5.50 WCM So, almost forgot by the way yesterday Thanks to our good close personal friend Nick and Mike and all our clay and down there in Nick's cigars They brought all these fantastic cigars up here including a box of Cuban bullets Remember how these two are these real strong and you said no And you were right Because I smoke one on the way home and God they're great These are in fact I think I like these even better than the Prudomer reserve Cuban bullet there's nothing I took a Cuban bullet Surprise That's right Pop that baby right my post Hmm I'm just going to like suck on one here during the show just to keep it in my They got this aroma like something really interesting in there very good Thank you Nick and Mike and you guys Pop a Cuban bullet in your mouth this week Here and I'll let's do this lady She's been waiting on there while in for a lot of day because I have a feeling she might want something hello Neil yes, I knew I listened to you. I'm not a first-time caller And I'm not a first-time listener and I think I deserve tickets for why for my daughter Now, what I mean why do you deserve them what do you mean you deserve them? Because I'm a royal listener Hmm Yeah So can I go can I get the tickets? What do I have to do to get the tickets? You because because you listen Yeah Do you deserve them a seed? Well, you said that it came across I don't think you really intended to sound that arrogant you know like I listened so therefore I deserve the ticket That just sounds like I'm a loyal listener Yeah Well, let's take a vote. What do you think should she get him? No, okay, okay 5 6 7 over. Well, I just there was a vote of one on the committee here and I decided she's not going to get him I just didn't like the way she but she broke that whole thing you know Just like I'm a loyal listener therefore I deserve them. No, you I appreciate you being a loyal listener You listen because you like this show and I give me some free entertainment here everyday That should be enough in a reward the prices right to listen to show and this otherwise got awful boring damn place But I mean to say like I deserve them because I listen. I mean that's just not good If you had something really creative like my daughter's got a bad hang nail or something Or I just broke my nails. Oh, by the way, how do my good friend Sylvia again? Oh, I forgot the good news Yesterday I left here and go through the turnpike and here's my close personal friend Sylvia I said hey Sylvia. I was talking about you. They oh, I know I was listening and she gave me like a pet on a hand I said don't touch sweetheart. I love you So Sylvia and then go and home get so I saw my neighbor And yesterday you gave me a big friendly way Rick the mailman No, it's funny because I saw him pulling out and the mail truck to from the side street See how is that possible? I don't get home at exactly the same time every day and yet Rick the mailman is always pulling out from one of those side streets Just at the moment that I'm driving up to my house. I don't understand that he must like sit off the edge of the road They're waiting you know looking down the street to see what I'm coming and then pull out there. You know so we can like flip me off or whatever But yesterday gave me a big wave and I was like chuckling as soon as I saw the mail truck pull out because I thought to myself well now is the moment of truth He almost turned it off but he couldn't get his hand quite on that knob soon enough so we're he still listening. I'm going Rick I will just let don't shine me again I mean I usually don't give a crap on anybody thinks but there are a few exceptions and Rick the mailman He's one when he starts when when he turns his back on me then I know I'm finished And I can't blame it on anybody else like certain other people on this station are always blaming everybody else for their crappy shows 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line No, seriously, no, I did not personally their business not personal like a cap one I love that cap one is a great guy, but I happen to be in the car last night And I'm going to tell you something. Oh have you ever oh Please I realize there's an emergency they had nobody to fill there until a moral game which didn't start till much later on last night But oh I Mean a shameless not just a gambling show. I want to retract what I've said before I joke about being the cap one gambling show and it like and I think I'm joking about I'm not it's not a joke I wish I had the calls from that show the first three or four calls. I mean right out of the box Hey, that's San Jose state Sacramento game that volleyball game. What do you want to take the over I got the underzone the angels? I mean they could put like a hidden mic at mugsy Solomon's bookie joint and it would be basically the same as the head cap one show How could we possibly have that on there before 10 o'clock? I think the FCC should pass a law that had cap one even though he's a great guy. We love him. He should not be allowed on here before 10 o'clock and night Because at least anybody who's listening after 10 o'clock and night. It's okay to have the GA crowd because anybody else has got our real life They're not listening to the radio after 10 o'clock and night. Are they? No, or not? No way Jose I mean that this was just Exactly. I'm speechless about Yeah Okay ticket central here's a mobile and four-later bail. Hello. Hey good afternoon sir. Yes, sir. Good evening I'm Donna Cobb and now, but I just want to thank you for putting on the floor the lady because I wanted to thank you I went over the neck. I saw my test today, right? And you gave me that extra 10% off for Teresa great and I just called the thank you stuff and God bless him Why do you have you tried these Cuban bullets? Nobody gave me one I'm gonna try tonight. You gave you a Cuban bullet Well you survived it. Okay, no, I'm serious. This is I mean everybody's got different taste, but to me. This is a great cigar Oh, I can't wait them from sunrise. You go down the wooden diamond that area. All right. I go down the roll of time together Thanks a lot pal. Thank you That's one of my people drives all the way from sunrise All the way down there to Miami to take a bullet for a neck Now with that girl did out there as you took a bullet for Nick not for Christ's sake for Nick 560 50560 On the 18T wireless line and don't be letting your little 10-year-old kid say no national geographers with drawings of they can and by the way, what kind of national Heographically has drawings of naked people in it. Huh? I thought that's the only reason that people bought national geographic was for the pictures of naked people in it They didn't have many pictures of cavemen What does that mean? That's what the drawings were of No, you're missing my point. You don't understand what I'm saying in other words if those were offensive What about the other pictures you'd expect to find in national geographic about all those naked Yeah, you bangies What hey listen? I mean it's a genetic thing people can't help it if they have thick lips unless of course They're doing something to intentionally stretch them. Now that's an interesting point And there's a lot of guys out there who would appreciate a nice young lady with very thick lips. Huh? I'm sure they would I mean when you say don't give me no lip I mean don't say that so fast before you think about the implications man Don't lip off to me. Oh, gee, listen to said that again. Do you want to say I said I said lip off? Don't say that should I say that again? Oh, I'll be saying that. Whoo, we'll be back to square one over But the page stop it. Yeah, just calm down. Just calm down and grow up. That's my advice for some of the people in this town calm down and grow up Not necessarily in that order Now, well, they do those African tribes. They have those lips to where they put those like some people have a bone in their nose They put like a bone in their lip Anybody ever have a bone in their lip? Oh, well But at any rate. No, and then they have all those things. What do they put in there? And then they do the things. Yeah, they stretch it way out. It's a block of wood. Oh, they put a block of wood in there. Why? What is that? Is it considered lovely? Oh, it's good. Oh, look at that. You're a beautiful man. Wow. Yeah. That's the most beautiful long lip I ever seen in my life 560560. So now maybe there's I don't know. I see that. I want this is a sensitive issue. Okay. I want to start getting called all kinds of names again But you do notice that in America there are many black people not not the islands people also have that are just African Americans Do like your makins. Did you make it in a little loose lip? Yeah, yeah. Let's go to hide your weed in your I guess. Huh? Oh, yeah When you got that big pouch right there in your mouth Just don't want to swallow any seeds because then they come out back to them. They may they go in just like corn, but at any rate No, seriously. It's an interesting thing there. And of course it's much too sensitive to have it and tells you it's your conversation about that about thick either There are many black people for example Malcolm on guiding on yeah, I'm going to horny. He don't have those big tip you think you bang He looks does it. Oh, no, of course he's like why do I think really he just has a son tan But the thick lips. I think that's like an African thing. Let's find out if the Haitians in Jamaica and Tav thick lips excellent topic Here's a coral geobals. Hello Yes sir, I'm not the correct you for something you said already. I make lots of mistakes I have a co-worker They named their kid show friend is excuse me. Shuff friend Floreen and their last name is Orily Oh, wow And so it's already started it's starting and they listen to that gangster weapon. They're converting to there Even Joe they're even talking about converting to Islam so I know the red all of that's okay as long as they don't move into their neighborhood Is that what they're basically saying? Yeah, basically they're they're the middle class Uh, want to be black people. They're white people who want to be black Maybe we could have like national switch day when all the white people who want to be black and all the black people who want to be white Like all of a sudden wake up in somebody's dead like somebody's stats their fingers and by that being you know And well, we next thing we got to do we got to switch Lenny Krabbit. I mean we got to switch Lenny Krabbit back over Oh, yeah, hey, and I'm a group you to an extent I do have that little statistic thing Amy where I do enjoy hearing people grovel and new badduring them for free stuff But after about three hours it gets a very pondering Well, we only had the one no we had two we had two people I didn't I said no to both of them Okay, and I don't want any free crap and we'll see you a couple of ray. Okay, not Oh, that's a guy that wants you to get the facts of this all those bang facts from cathode ring He sounded the lightness loafers. Well, you know what that one guy said he said we don't really have any audience It's just a few people like the loafers get all the virus anybody believe that No five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line In other words the sports shows that a ones that have the big audience. Anybody was really sick Is there anybody with a right mind, believe no So I guess Joe Rose is finished. We want to wish him best in whatever his future endeavors are I guess it's a secret yet I'll make it an ounce of the appropriate time, but been a lot of fun working with let don't see him all that often except when you stand in in a hallway screaming at the PD 26 pounds 11 at 560 WQM at C1's the most tickets. Ray Wittie has a pair The show day here in the world when the screening days meet the rest of the girls in the closet No more that's with day days for it's a day day after all It's a day of fun when we wear red shirts and when we all come you can hear the squads being thick Go and be with our manicured go cheese is a day day after all We can wear tight shorts pay the gold low men We wear mask out like Lily's days we can win So as we friends as I shake it's a day day after all And GM will have a lot of fun in the world And GM will have a lot of fun in the world And GM will have a lot of fun in the world And GM will have a lot of fun in the world Hosted by Rift Seller and Roof all the leader of a lucky rock Not to mention people like XTTK Day after all It's a day day after all It's a day day after all It's a day day after all It's a day after all All right we're all going to Disney Baby We're going to go see that Disney Charzan when we let's give away some tickets No, no come on come on listen up with a guy damn tickets I think a lot of people out there start the despising people They know they got something I'm certainly am I ever going to use them I couldn't care less about some stupid cartoon You know here's a great fact by the way that I think has got some interesting and debatable points It says here's the reason that Jax and wealthy playboys always prefer white chicks It says white chicks are always shaved, bath and sweet smelling The best breast and receptive nipples are reactive nipples I'm sorry they're into oral anal by responsive and orgasmic Non-religious del party all night and love bill those and they have the number one ass Back home of any race Spanish chicks however says facial hair sideburns and mustache and legs Loose ass long lips talk a lot about their family not-horty non-reactive nipples Spanish chicks black chicks it says smell like cheap lotion and have non-reactive nipples Black chicks smell like cheap lotion and Asian chicks have a boni ass smell like garlic And it says hair and private is six inches long There you go What's not to like? 560560 on the 18T wireless line unbelievable Here's my any hello Leo God yes sir speaking How are you doing? I'm doing great I got a Q and bullet in my mouth what more could you want Chris is not lit because it's a non-smoking joint you understand that You can never get a non-smoking joint I'm over here on my knees like a Safe religious subject that I am so I can up to some tickets Yeah, yeah My daughter of course for my daughter my daughter yeah Fuck fuck What's the reason I should give them to you? I mean you gotta give me something I'm fucking up to you for what for ticket Okay, hold on Okay give that guy some tickets. Okay. He's not a desperate Online six give the guy online six and tickets. Okay. We already got the mailing labels made out You can handle it. Okay, just don't put an e on interview lives in Pomponol Oh, that's right. He's in Miami. You should be able to handle it Miami five six Hey listen again. He's the late on teach stuff like Pomponol And I don't blame them. Okay five six seven 0.560 pomp five 60 on the 18T wireless line Look at this we've already killed an hour and a half of this and we find the giveaway to tickets See it now at this ratio by about the middle of the next week when now this these tickets are good for when George they're good for when Friday through the engagement Through who's engagement The movie engagement which is what what does that mean? You're not a registered for as long as it's in there, but based on what I hear you better go see it quick Now I have a probably be around a long time. It's a Disney movie. Of course those Disney movies don't we love Disney? Oh, yeah, we love Disney just because he pisses off the Baptist Let's go to a mirror Mar hello Mobile in Miramar 17 and a half minutes. They're still on there and they're not responding. How do you like it? What is it? Hello. Yes. Yes. You're doing okay. You gave those tickets where already. Yeah, I don't want the tickets. Now I just have a suggestion. I want their fatigue I'll give those tickets to work for your guys or their colleagues or the lady in the toll plaza Rick the mailman. I bet she'd like to take one of his kids. Of course I think it's kids probably like 25 but nevertheless Anyway, that's a good idea. Take a given to people who are nice. Yeah, you go. Yeah, that's like because these people we talked to on the phone. They're anonymous. We know who the other might be assholes for all we know. Am I right? Well, hey. Good be. Anyway, the main reason why I was calling. I've been out of time for quite a bit and I was calling regarding this rumor. You were talking about a couple months ago. You mean what about Joe Rose leaving the morning show, yeah? I'm a big by-fanned. I was wondering about the folding confidence. She's going to rise. You're coming to Miami or what? Yeah, he's coming to Miami. Him and OJ, they're going to have dinner with Roy. Oh, right. That's kind of cool. Yeah, the polling confidence coming. And LT, he's coming to me. Forget the place of the good stuff. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. What? Just don't worry about the polling confidence. He'll be alright. He'll finish just fine. He's going to come and give Jimmy whatever he wants. Where are we going? By the way, do you read that thing a few weeks ago about how Jimmy has never said to his lovely girlfriend or fiance? Whatever you call her. He never has said I love you. I mean that's between them. Why would you tell a reporter? I've just to be a hard ass is that it. And then there was just light on and the spread your legs and let's do it. And then let's get back to a diagram and football place. You know, what is that? What kind of a picture is that that somebody wants to make of themselves? But he never told his, which he's engaged or something. They're going to get married. But he never told her he loves her. Maybe he doesn't love her. You know, maybe he doesn't love maybe he can't stand her. He likes getting laid once in a while. I have no idea what that's all about. Do you think Jimmy likes getting laid once in a while? Here is Miami. Hello. So these are the asshole. He's standing. I want to touch all the topics from a day or so ago too. Your experience of Ruth Chris? Yes. I think that I actually got to get a response on that. I don't want to touch three days to do it. Well, you know, they're a little slow. I know. We'll slow the sun in the heat and rain. But you know, if you go there all the time and in your pretty much regular and older people, blitz the out of the manager's head, they should be, you know, kind of like, they should be in your head, you know, what do you think they should be in your head? You're looking each cheek. That's right. The Rogers guy gets you this. Can I do this? Right. And I'd buff it a little bit, whatever. You know, huh? I mean, that's a bunch of crap. Pretty lame, I think. Yeah. I thought it was a pile of crap. But I want to talk about another restaurant and it's your buddy. Maybe I want to ask you your experience. What do people offer? The food is great. Yeah. But 20 minutes after I left your last night, man. Big tie. Yeah. Yeah. It's something that's lost to some people. Well, Jeff wants it. Public service. It goes there's a lot of elderly people here that have men a real good BM and men. What do I do? And so I know I should charge. It's almost guaranteed. It's a given. It's in and out real quick. That's right. Jeff is a nice guy on the old in and out. I get a request for you to go. Yes, sir. How about that? F thing. Okay. Appreciate it. You got it. F I can find it because some bozo put it in here under or some. Who was it that put it in here by the way? Not Shannon. Not Shannon. Oh, don't get so defensive about Shannon. Okay. She was the same to the body. Meaning what? She was pitching me out for a job. No, you're I love Shannon. She's a very nice young lady. Okay. Of course, I don't love her as much as you guys do. But you know, Michelle put it in. See, I like her because, you know, because I like her as a person. Not because I want to see her bend down and get some of the bottom of the cabinet. She's got all she does have a great ass. Anyway, it's 21 till noon at 5. 60 W to Q a m. What do you want? Oh, he wanted that. Yeah. He wanted that f you thing. And don't be doing that f you thing because next thing will be going to check light expo on here. What a letter. What a letter. Oh, please. Maybe how dare the producers. T, uh, help them in four. Law to the day. How dare them do this? Yeah. They're only making millions and millions from that stupid thing. Okay. So leave me a hello loan and go mind your own goddamn business. Go kiss the queen on a big fat. Black dome, simply. Hey, let me tell you everything. Everybody in a brother you heard a guy before it lives in sunrise. He doesn't buy cigars like it is dime store or some neighborhood mom and pop Pussygar store. He gets in his automobile and drives all the way down the mix and you ought to be doing the same thing because there's nothing like those great next cigars. Those predominant reserves were my favorite until yesterday. Now, I love those. But when I find a cigarette that I like even better, you know it's got to be pretty damn good. The Cuban bullet. I put one of those in my put you know something. I think I'm walking into mommy's house today. She's always bitching me about smoke. Which I don't smoke a lot of cigars anymore. One here we know and then bitching and bitching it. If it's not that it's something else, I should walk in there and smoke in this doggy with it. And start blowing talk around. There are lunchtime. Just to put her in her place and straighten her out. Stop those lectures before they start. But anyway, check out the Cuban bullets. Ednix and all the other great cigars. They got the those re-host. Lot for this you want to San Jose. Those in men's shows for those who like to a protected got something big. At least it's in your mouth. Were you fudge back then? Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word. F*** out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F. Because the only word that is referred to as the F word. It's the one magical word. Just by it's sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love. F*** as most words in the English language is derived from German. The word frequently means to strike. In English, f*** falls into many grammatical categories. As a transitive verb, for instance, John f***ed Shirley. It's meaning is not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the f***ing work. As part of an adverb, Shirley talks too f***ing much. As an adverb, enhancing an adjective. Shirley is f***ing beautiful. As a noun, I don't give a f***ing. As part of a word, ab so f***ing, like I'm literally for. In f***ing credible. And as almost every word in a sentence, f***ing f***ing f***ers. The sum is to realize there aren't too many words with the versatility of f***ing. As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got f***ing that they used carla. This may, f***ing. Trouble. I guess I'm really f***ing now. Adression. So, f***ing with me, buddy. This missile. Why don't you go outside and play hide and go f***ing yourself? I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly f***ing you. Alright. Okay, it's 145 at 5.60. WQ on the Got the Hank Goldberg Show. In the studio, it took a clock this afternoon. Oh, that's right. There we got, uh, what's the name? Josh Dero. We got Clarence's 6 tonight. Yeah, Clarence is a good guy. But how can we do it? Well, Josh Dero can do a show on our Clarence. Okay. He can handle it. Right? He can do it. And then eight o'clock with NHL game number five. Yeah, I, uh, just starting to sink in on me nights the big night. A lot of pressure starting to build because the save is better comes through. Oh, three two buffalo. I can smell it. You can feel it. I think shatans gonna get a little for buffalo tonight. I think, uh, who's gonna get one of the other ones? I think, uh, Michael Pecca. That little Pecker is gonna get one tonight. Five, so you see, and notice I gave away one parrot tickets. I finally broke down and you noticed the diminishing response now. Several people dropped off because they lost their respect for me because I didn't stand by my guns. I shouldn't have given a guy. I don't know what it is. Why did I give that guy a ticket? It just struck me during a moment of weakness. Tickets to see a Tarzan cartoon. I mean, what kind of a person in the first place calls up a radio show, and believe me, if I actually had gone ahead and given those up, which number one had lost 90% of the audience. But number two, you think people would hang on forever for those? Yeah, you bet. What is that? That's from the movie? Oh, like I said, sounds pretty good to me. No, no. Sounds like crap. Let's have some movies for adults for crying out loud. Without Ron Jeremy, that's what I say. 560, 560, pound 560. What's the name Rocko's stuff already? What is that guy's name? The Italian guy? The porno's there? Rocko, huh? Who used to be like a big perfect English and had no accent at all, but not because he is Italian. All of a sudden, he's the Italian Stalin. Whatever he is, the real Italian Stalin, Stadion. Not like they did a little red-basted slide, who's like, got about a two-inch jump. 560, pound 560, on the 18th, the wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Great. I'm coming from South Miami. All right. We've got a few students here. We're all listening to everybody. Yes, sir. And we think of your showers and joy. It is. That's enjoyable. And it's nice to listen to the Pazelaic and his Miami. I never get anybody to take the Pazelaic. Yeah, we got nothing but a bunch of professional ass kisses in this time. I mean, it makes me sick. I mean, when people are kissing Eddie Polk says, then I know there's something rotten in the woodwork. Well, we're going to show you something. We like it. So I'm passing the wood around everybody listening to it. And they think it's going to get a lot of kick out of it. God bless you, sir. And have a great day. And a great life. Okay. Zagazone. So they say Zagazone and South Miami. No. Used to work at South Miami. I'd love them rode there right off the old Dixie highway. WNWS, which used to be a beauty salon. They made it into a radio station. And then, of course, the Mary Alboatless came and, I don't know if we're going to work here anymore. 560, 560, PAN560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. And we don't want to spread no rumors. The casher sent all those metal patients here during Mary Alboatless. They didn't do that, didn't you? Yes. Here's sunrise. Hello. You're good. Yes, sir. Speaking. I'm doing first of all that facts that you were reading from the Israeli. Yeah. Coal wish alone. The voice of these, I think, is a pirate station. And he still would run you, your show and their format. I think that's kind of funny. I think the voice of our vision comes to mind. I'm going to hear that kind of an attitude. Yeah. Second of all, what's wrong with that? Are they like against freedom of speech? I have no idea. I'm just glad we hear that. Oh, I think they're a little off tight. They don't want no rabble roses over there. They're going to trouble their own. Okay. As far as the tickets, I don't want them. They make a suggestion. Yes. I don't know how many pairs you have left. I have several pairs. Okay. Why don't you do this? I have the phone number for women in distress here. Why do you send them a couple of pairs? Women in distress? Sure. For, you know, some abuse women in their kids, they'll like how the little fun. Abused women. You want to, I want you to step into about this. Okay. Here are people. Now listen to me. Here are people. Take an ear kids to go to see a movie. Now all of a sudden, the movie's about to start. And a whole bunch of distressed women all stressed out. Tears running down their eyes. All, you know, go literally like that. Kind of with their little kids. I don't think so, sir. But, you know, your hearts into my place. Can you believe that? Women in distress? Are we giving our tickets to women in distress? Absolutely not. Under any circumstances, we want to give these tickets to happy people. This is the happy show. We're not going to give stuff to like handicapped people and distressed people. And unhappy people and suicidal people and people like days away from death. We don't want to do that. This is, this is your make happy station. That's part of the whole deal now, right? Yeah, just, uh, I just put on some most colored glasses and look around to give you everything is beautiful. Like, race even says. That's a ride to the here at QOA. Because we realize that there's a lot of horrible things going on out there, but I don't give a sh** anymore. That's right. I mean, if you're going to adopt the attitude, you got to light one up, sit back and just put your feet up onto the desk. And then, of course, once the months you start, oh, by the way, don't forget if you guys want lunch, go ahead. Because I'm going to mommy's to there. And I sure don't want to spoil my appetite for that. Good lunch. She does cook good. The conversation is always a little bit lacking, but the food is great. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Medical marijuana defense vindicated. This is from a few days ago. I'm sure you saw this. Speaking of the wicked weed. Speaking of that evil weed, that's illegal. Yeah, I said the other day, I'll say it again. I think that the thing up there in Standish, Michigan, where the guy, he's going to be sentenced to about a week. But he stands to go to jail for 90 days and going to 100 dollar fine for public cursing, which is the same first defense for marijuana possession. I think it's appropriate. I think it's just, it's perfect. The idea that for things as ludicrous as public cursing and smoking a little weed that they have any penalty at all. So I think it's a great parallel there. It shows you the mentality of people that make laws like that. The fact that we live in a country where smoking marijuana, where we have to have all these things, and you have to show that you're doing it for medical purposes, of course, because you're instrumental. And even people who are tremendous pain in our diet over there, even they can't get it in a lot of states. How do you like that? However, the Florida Supreme Court said they decided not to hear a case involving a 61 year old man who smokes marijuana, heaps his glaucoma bay, which means that six people in Florida can continue to argue in court that their marijuana use is medically necessary. How do you like that? So you've got to make up a good story. You've got to put a patch over your eye or something like that. Or go in there drooling when you go to court like that, drooling. And say, oh, I have my pot or else I'm going to like be drooling all over the place and like some kind of a babbling idiot. Okay, here you go. In fact, here's some good addresses for you. They've got a good deal this week right down there on 441, right in your QAM. Right there on the little Jamaica. That's why we got the station here. Yeah, I'm all. Everybody's building smokes up a store, man. This is weed central USA right here at QAM in Power 96. And I bet you those are crap kickers over there at the kiss. I bet you they're smoking up a store. I'm too, huh? That's what I want. Not one? Not funny, fuck. Oh, not sunny. Not sunny. Fox. I'm not going to start on sunny Fox. Okay. Because it brings back so many bad memories of that morning show that Ron and Ron to buckle over there at Paxon. And actually he was okay on that show. You know, he was okay. He was nothing wrong with him. He's nothing want to see him every day. But he was all right. And he just wasn't what they were looking for. They wanted to bring in that other kid who used to make fun of his crib will kid all the time. But one way down syndrome and used to call his kid a crib on the year. That was very pleasant. Talking about the insensitive to what he was doing. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and mirror more. Hello. How are you doing now? I'm doing great. How about you, sir? Those tickets that you have. If I can get a pair. I'd like to get a pair. If you would spend those on stuff on up your ass. I want a bearish thinking card to drink. From you. You know, you got people sucking up to you. I'm not going to get a pair. If you would spend those on stuff on up your ass. I want a bearish thinking card to drink. From you. You know, you got people sucking up to you. There's some cartoon kickers. That's amazing. That shows your audience. Right. That's the arm. You say my audience, which is obvious. You're part of them because you tell me what we're doing on the show. They are listening to five, sixty, WQA and five. So much. Another obnoxious New Yorker. Whip in my audience. He sounded a little bit like that guy to call the on the more steam this morning. You're listening 24 hours at in again. We thank you. Profusely from the bottom of our hearts. Since you have no life whatsoever. Listening in can. And there's another. There's a textbook example. I'm talking about all the time. I'm just wounded in a quick. I may not be able to get through the day. Sir, you know, I may not be able to last until next pay day after here in that. I'm just, oh. You emotionally spent from hearing those words coming from your ugly lips. Your audience, what you're a part of don't you understand sir? You are the audience. You're a part of the audience. You're in it. You're quoting to me. You're telling me exactly what's going on. You've been listening since 10 o'clock this morning. Like you do every day Monday through Friday. And probably play tapes like on a weekend. Because that's the only way you can probably get it up just a little tiny bit. Okay? Yeah, they're stuck it up to you. I wouldn't suck. Well, guess what sir, I heard what you had to say. And it sounds to me like you do suck. I suck and I'm proud of it. How do you like that asshole? 560, 5050, 5060, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a lady a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Lady mobile and bokeh. Hello? Yes, man. Hi, I have a shameless request for all you can meet me. And I was wondering about the tickets if I could possibly get them. No. Okay, thank you. You're welcome. Love you. Have a nice day. See, now she was nice. I mean, I'll play that thing for now. I'm not going to play that. We just got to play that the other day. It's too long. You know, are you sure positive? It's too god damn long. It's one of those things you play like about every three months. Even a fool would have been with that one. Wouldn't you? Okay. But she was still free. See, that's my kind of listener right there. She's not going to bitch me out because I'm not going to give her the tickets or play that. She's pleasant. In fact, face to guy, then call, let's find out where she is. She's pleasant. There's one. Just like my girlfriend's so very there to turn fight to almost. She's pleasant. She's a sweetheart. Actually, a few nice people in the stomach. Yeah. Yeah. You have to get a search party. But there are a few of them out there. I like that other bastard that just called preceding. See, it's good that she called right there. Nice going. So we are. Thanks for the timing. Okay. To bring us back to the real world where maybe there might be a few pleasant people. And a few of my academician dropped off here. As opposed to that same old tired. If you don't like it, pal, if you hate me like poison, great. Go take up a goddamn shuffleboard class. Go play part cheesy, okay? Go squeeze your colossal bag and see if it's running over yet. You jackass. You will fart. Thank you. I think I'm lighting up this cigar, you know. Maybe I can get a couple of days off that way. Huh? Yeah. I could go for like about a four or five new weekend. It's 1156 at 560 WQA. I have a lot of fun. Don't you keep my hands wet. I have a lot of fun. There was no farmer who's a donkey right. I think that in the middle just shaking his head. Some boys who were down by the fricks. They're feeding the water. There is on their marbles and glathings. And at half past four, their team of young ladies. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruggles and leaps. And white fluffy duck. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not spit. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling. Reped you sing later from yesterday's hunt. While the girls in the middle was rubbing her. I let the fellow down by the duck. He looked like a man with a side of the home in the country. Will a big fence out front? If he had to phone like Lee She'd show him her little pet dog. Who was subject to spit? And maybe she'd land him grab hold of her small tender. And with the movement so quick. And then she bent over and sucked down his candy. So tasty. Me made a butterfly sky. And then he's threatened. We pre-mulled over her cookies. That she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go. There's no. Oh! It's a couple of three at five, sixty. WCM. Back in the group. Now you don't have to have that explosive thing. Yesterday I can understand. He's getting ready to move on. Other things. Speaking of the other things. Way to near this. You know, I guess you read this already from a casino stand about Henry Burrell. Somebody called about. But it's much more interesting than you read in print. Henry Burrell, a W. Now let me try again. A W.I.P. a news anchor for 29 years. And for two decades, color announcer from Miami Dolphins. I didn't know he was colored. Now, boom. His baritone in the wine department gardener's market. Oh! There are 63 retired from broadcasting in March after 41 years in a biz. New gig. Wine sales consultant for the Ford gardener's store. And the resident. Now here's the word I have never heard of or seen before. And obviously, it's somebody who's a wine expert who has drank a lot of. What he has. Or ENO. P.H. I.L. Wynophile. Wynophile. As a resident wine, a glugusler. He guides patrons to the block the belongs. Burgundy's and Bordeaux. The pressure of having the news catch. Every half hour something I don't miss. Said Henry and he also said by the way, and morning sure really sucked. Neil was right. Did he say that? No! Come on, you did. So I somehow feel responsible for that. But you know, something I'd take some credit for it. Because of the fact that we had that also call from that. What was that ball headed assholes name? They call that day. And about the ratings. Mark Benson. She leave it to me. I know. I know like a book. Called. I always you better some really interesting things in a rating. So we went and looked up the ratings. And you know after we knew he left the whole audience was like, gone. And that next Monday, Henry was also gone. So what can I tell you? Here's a horrendous story. I know it's just another one of these isolated incidents. Christian brother convicted of 19 sex and physical abuse charges. St. John's Newfoundland. Or his Bob Cole would say San John's. A Christian brother who taught at the Mount Cashl orphanage for three years has been convicted of 19 counsel, sexual and physical abuse. Ronald just in Lacyk. Maybe he was on Lacyk. Lacyk had been charged with 24 council abuse more than any other religious brother implicated in the Mount Cashl scandal. A Newfoundland Supreme Court jury found him guilty on Saturday of six council of buggery. Oh, that's a great word. Don't you all have that buggery? Hmm. That's a great word. Go bugger yourself. Two of Indies in the Salt. Five of Kamina Salt and six other council of assault for offenses that occurred more than 40 years ago. But the jury cleared him of three and two in these in the Salt charges in which he was accused of fondling the genitals of two boys and two common assault charges in which he was accused of kicking a boy in the ribs and hitting another in the legs with a stick. Lacyk, 67 of Phoenix, Arizona, worked at the orphanage run by Christian brothers. A Roman Catholic lay order. In the church, we 1954 and 1957 is one of seven men charged in the 1966 Odiel with 59 council of assault for instance involving 17 count them, 17 former residents, another 17 isolated incidents with more Catholic priest who just want to go into an altar boys. Nice going, air pop. Five six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty on a mobile one line. We've got 45,000 terror tickets for the Tarzan cartoon. Here's Miami, hello. Miami, 15 minutes and 39 seconds in counting and they're long gone. Thank you and have a great day. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Cooper City, hello. Thank you, Martin Neil. Yes sir, good evening. I'm Paul for Buffalo but, uh, hasher keys really ticking me off. Why is that? You can't go by the guy with that. I'm flopping down like that guy that fell out of the NCR roof there and killed him. He did that in the Tarzan series. He's not doing that either. The only thing he's doing here is he's like coming way out of the net and panicking because, uh, you know, he's, I don't know what that's all about. He better stay home. He better stay there in a net. Stay down to blue, Adam and I. He's going to get burned because, you know, here's going. You could go after the goal and give him a little check in the corner. And now it's like they were in dresses for crisis. Right. And, uh, another thing he, uh, he's not going to get burned. He'll be just fine. Don't worry about him. He knows what he's doing. There's a lot of it is madness. I don't know what it is, but there's a method. He's going to be somewhere. Well, I agree with you three two for the Buffalo and I think Peckles scored to I think he's the best player on their team. Chitan and uh, who's tennis grade, you know, I'm going to tell you, it's Chitan is, if there's such a thing as a beautiful hockey player, he just watching away he skates and moves. He makes it in the shot. He takes. He's great. Chitan is tremendous. Yeah. Didn't I tell everybody all season long. There's one kid who was highly underrated. He makes only 850 grand a year, highly underpaid, uh, steal of a dealer and Buffalo. And score 40 goals for the, uh, savers. Oh, yeah. Great. Yeah. Sanderson's good. But like I said, if he would play hard every game, he'd be great. Yeah. But he shows up on every field like it. He fast. Yes. He is. He fast. He nailed it. You kept that on TVC. But the game, I think it was for the good of the game where all the managers are talking about changing the rules and things to that thing. Yeah. Where did I end the craze rule? Yeah. That's exactly what we're going to do. I guess what they're going to do now, they're going to say, they're still going to do it, you know, with the replay. But then the referee is going to decide whether or not the guy in the craze at any effect impact on the goal, which is stupid. Just get rid of it. Okay. Just get it out of there. If there's a man in the field, if there's a girl in her parents find and, uh, the ways of the law, but otherwise they'll cut the crats. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yes. How do they get away with talking? Did you hear some of the words coming out of their mother at that meeting? No. They were, they said this word. We may not see. Yep. On a TVC, they can say that. I have a word they want. That's right. Oh, yeah. That's the Canadian way man. They don't care. They give me them tickets. I'll give them some, uh, under privilege kits. Okay. Well, we'll go find them first and then we'll give them to you and then you give them to them. Isn't that kind of a roundabout way to do it? Five six. Yeah. Let's find some other privilege kits. Give them some tickets for the movie. How do you like that? So we do that? Oh, uh, forget it. How are the under privilege kits, all right? Five six, seven, oh, five, six, three. I mean, if God wanted those people to have money, they'd have money, right? Yeah. I think that's a good way to look at it. That's a way a lot of the insensitive people look at things. You know, all these God people. And if God, like, like, who was it that said, if God would want to us to win the game? Who's the idiot that said that last week in some stupid guy, then game? Who said that? I figured what game that was. I figured what sport that was. If God would have wanted me to, well, I know it was Chris Antley after the horse broke down. Care is medic. If the Lord would have wanted us to win today, well, what kind of, what kind of idiot say things like that besides former drug addicts? Huh? What kind of people say those things? In fact, that's going to be our poor question tomorrow, which is worse. She took a bullet for Chris, or if God would have wanted me to win the race, we would have won today. I guess God must have wanted the horse to suffer a lot, huh? Have to break down there right at the finish line. Nice going, God. You asshole. Man, I guess God hates animals, huh? Is that the way it is? Oh, well, there you go. All of care is medic. Now he's going to go out and see. There's a magic way and everything he does. Now he's going to go to stud instead of having that saddle on, have to slip around with all that weight on. Now he's going to go in there. Yeah, there you go. A little bit of that scored score. A little bit of that scored score. Well, the next smile on his post. Well, our horse is dumb. Oh, God, I can't begin to tell you how dumb horses are. The only animal I think of the world that you can train to pee. Did you, I've told you that before. It's true. When I had my race horses in Detroit, I'm standing there in the barn in the trees. Like they whistle and a horse pees on command. Of course, I'll do that too if there's like ice in the urinal. Ten minutes after noon and it's fresh. Ten minutes passed noon and it's five. Now let me find this out before we go to shoolos. We better find out if there's ice in the urinal. Because if there's no ice in the urinal, am I going? No, oh, wait. You got it. I'm not looking at all men. You're a man. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. You're a man. You're a living person. You put the trick and said, It's fly is a rate, this can be. You're a benefit. Life is a country. Life is a congress. And that's why I'm a kid. Nobody's been. All the new, with me, all the. Why do they trust that thought? God, the world, don't be, all the way. It's true that someone knows God and it's true. Residents, plants, and they sit the hell big of fools close their eyes to the stride. Every time I've looked up in them, and they're through the same place. And they're through the same place. I don't know what to do with them. It's true that someone knows God. It's true that somebody knows God. Put the trick and a fight against you. You're going to be talking about that? I just have better tell you again. Why? It's like a little extra bonus when it comes in here with the free fluid we get to your Ollie sizzling stories. Anyway, speaking of that, a owner file. Thank you David and Bokeh, by the way. Am I pronouncing that right? I get real nervous about mispronouncing words. An owner file is a personal love wine, just like a pet a file is a personal love children. Comes from the Greek word, oiness. Oh, meaning wine. And so, thank God for doing it in real audio because I can't get A and radio otherwise in the office. That's one of the great things about being on an A and that's why most of our calls are on mobile by the way because nobody inside of a building and we're getting your this goddamn radio station. Okay, thank you, David. So it means comes from the Greek word oiness, meaning wine. And be sure and try the wine. Fines, nice going there, Henry, he's doing it. Oh, nice scan. Just like that cigar Dave that asshole. Well, he really is too, you know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. If I were talking to our good friends down there were next last year when we went down to the first time talking about Dave Zepelitz or whatever his name is cigar Dave and Nick said, well, yeah, I know him. He's an asshole. Yeah. And then Mike said, oh yeah. He's an asshole. And then the old Nick yelled out from the other room. He's an asshole. Yeah. They really got the fired up and pissed off about Dave's that, about cigar Dave. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, so getting back to our 8,000 best actresses and best actors. I was thinking about this last night. What, what, how can you do this? It's an impossible list. I mean, you can have your favorite actors and favorite actresses like maybe 5, 5 or 6 or you know. But to say that one is better than the other that Humphrey Bogart is the best actor who ever lived. Oh my god. And of course, the thing again was their debut had a little Kirby 4 1951 or who's they'd be a occurred after 1950 but who produced their significant body or before their death. So in other words, if they were, they'd be before 51 and there's still live, that's just the okay. But if they started after 50, they got to be dead. You got that so far. Peter fixed by the way as dead. Somebody must have forgotten to tell him because Peter Fincher, I know, is no John Wayne thank God. Who are some of the or Jean Kelly? Jean Kelly was an actor? Oh, Jean Kelly was one of those silly dancing people like Fred Astaire and that little Connor. He wasn't an actor. Jean Kelly was a great actor. That's an insult. James Dean, you know how many movies James Dean made by the way, don't you? Three. Three movies that the fact made, I mean, I mean, James Dean, the queen, made three movies, and then he died, the car crash. So how could James Dean possibly be one of the greatest, another height job, okay? Another one was big height jobs. Three movies. He made rebel without a cause. Giant with that fat list Taylor or what was the other one? Those are two of them. Somebody will know. Not that it makes any difference. He only made three freaking movies. And he smelled real bad two by the way. That's what his boyfriend said. He's stuck. Robert, Mitch, I mean, he was good. I mean, there's some good people on his list don't give me wrong. A Katherine Hepburn is the best actor. I blurred it out Betty Davis yesterday only because she's a number two on there and she's better than Katherine Hepburn. I couldn't take it the best after actress of all time. It's a silly pull. But like I said, it kills a lot of great time and we're really bored in this country. So let's argue about this, frankly, phonetically. How about Elvis? There you go. I mean, if he's the most important person of the 20th century, he must also been the best actor, right? Yeah, he was great. All those great Hawaiian movies. Here's David. Hello. Bell four is definitely in the bag for tonight. Yeah. You can watch those pants or see who finds a penalty box first. And you sound awfully damn good on siteband.com. I couldn't believe this. You can listen to it down on a radio. Yeah. It's got you live on on the radio at this website siteband.com. That's how I found you. Right. That's the, do you really believe that this is going to be seven series, seven games? Oh, I know. The longer it goes, the better that it's for Buffalo. Because I'll tell you this Dallas team is old, old, old baby. The carbonyl and Brian Scrootlin and that Benua hold that frog was coming back tonight. And my keen and all these other old ancient guys, they got on that team old man. That's what they did. They had downloaded what, woolly at siteband.com before the game. So you can hear him pirate it before the game. These pirate and P3 download. Yeah. And it's all these days before they go to the game. Really? And they pick every of no rows, even a minute at siteband.com. He's been going there to get his pick. They've picked every game. I go there. I turn it on about five o'clock. Yeah. Your way forward at the sports section to be downloaded. Yeah. And they have like a little file there. You listen to the player. Oh, what do I got to do with that? How come I'm on there? I don't understand. It's a radio. Oh, I see. What if you thought it would be a little, you know, music. And then I think it's spinner. One of the radio sites. And it listens to QAM. Yeah. And it's a good. Great. Thank God. Well, I know how I'm on the internet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I want to chance for my kids for the ticket. And go savers and go work to your network. Oh, he gone. Jesus, I was going to give him some tickets. He's gone. Oh, oh, damn it. Fight. Well, of course, I'm going to hung up on him. But how could he be gone already? Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. I mean, he was a good call, too. He was very enthusiastic. He actually a little bit of hockey and a good guy. And I hung up on him. Well, it's just a reflex. You know, I figured when the call is done, I put my finger on it off. But then he's gone. And he was done. He didn't know it yet, but he knows it now. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Come on, best actor and best actress of all time. I'm looking on his list for some of the really like stands out. And William Holden is down there on the bottom right under Edward G. Robinson. I mean, Edward G. Robinson was a good character actor. He was always like a gangstay, but I mean, he was always the same. You know, every movie he was in he played the same character. Tough gangster with a cigar and other gun and his, oh, yeah, all the same thing. Every day he was, you know, what he was. Okay, certainly now, one of the top 25 actors of all time. And more than James Dean, Holy Maid, three movies or Jean Kelly, who danced to the rain to God, they're much. East of Eden was, East of Eden. Thank you so much. The, the, the, the, the, that was the third movie by James Dean along with Rebel with other cause and giant. It's gigantic. That's what that flag had. Liz Taylor said. And there's another person by the way. I don't want to hear about her. That, that's a good contest. Will Smith or Liz Taylor, which one can you handle? Not one more word. And Ricky Martin, there's all that he wins hands down. Hands down his pantaloon, he's he wins. I'd rather sit home and watch a Will Smith Liz Taylor film festival all day than here Ricky Martin's name mentioned one more time. Or listen to those offkey songs that he sang it. But he's snoring. Lemon line me and I like it. Ha ha ha ha. Oh God, who are you kidding, Huchi Kuchi? The women of the world, and especially of the US of A were his biggest successes by the way in his country. And you guys out there, you're lucky to tell because most of the women in this country their taste is deep inside there. Electom. I mean, maybe that's what all those straight guys are probing for, you know? Maybe that's what they're looking for in there. Because there's sure a lot of search parties out there. Ricky Martin, come on. I mean, I will grant you we don't look bad as long as he's not moving. As soon as he starts moving and one, you know, he don't have it like a toning along the ground, then you start like snoring a little. And don't say snoring because they get nervous about that. Here's Hollywood, hello. Neil, how are we going? Pretty good sir. I was just calling about those tickets. What do you mean by that? Uh, you still giving them away? No. If I all look at this, here's one of the great Americans. I can't believe this. I was thinking about this man yesterday, as I was watching the prices of all my stocks fall while all the other stocks were going up, Ted David. Hey, how are you? Are you back here? No, I just in fact, I'm sitting in my desk, shoving the pizza down here, listening to you on the internet. I have to ask you a question, sir. I know I asked you this last time you called this probably boring to you, but I, you know, I'm a big fan of your network because I want to see all my stocks keep dropping and they do a good job of that. But how, what time do these people ever sleep? I mean, these guys, you're one of those guys you already have to do. Obviously, you must have some clout because you're not working 20 hours a day. But like Joe Kurnan and Maria Bartarromo for example, and the David Watson, the important David, they're under like now 720 in a morning. I see them when I get up and I come home and they have to do it. They're there for it. They're there at five. What kind of a dealer's that? They've given up their apartments. They've given up their lives, I think. They do work hard. That's amazing. I'm outside of you know, you got really marginal stocks when a market goes up 200 points and man's that goes up. Was it like 90 yesterday? Yeah. And everything you got, basically, was there 102 was a big one day point gain ever? And basically, what I got still went down. How do you like that? You buying a wrong stock? Yeah. Now you're telling me that. I just got to tell you, I was down there in the in May and I had a good day at a close my mother's condo and fortunately it was a weekend and I missed you. Oh, there you go. Yeah. You weren't there and I didn't know what to do with myself. And while I said if you were to tell me I had to come in on a weekend just for you. I bet you would have. When I tell people that Ted David from CNBC calls this show, they think I must be loaded with the hot stock tips or something. Not only that, I got some pleasant email from some listeners who were also viewers. Really? Yeah. In a one I interviewed the CEO of Real Networks not long ago and I thank him for his product. I specifically said on the air, I want to thank you because it all allows me to listen. Your Rogers down to Miami. Yeah, I heard it all. I was talking about. I had 50,000 calls like that. The tell me, oh Ted David just give you a good plug on the air. I said no, that's great. How about how about a stock tip would be better, but you know. Hey, I need to give some myself first. Now, then come on. You guys that work on CNBC, you guys must be getting something. You know, those guys aren't getting up at five o'clock in the morning and working 12 hour broadcast days just for the hell of it, you know. I hate to disillusion you, but honest to God, we are really a bunch of honest people. Yeah. Which means you don't anymore than we do. Well, I can tell you honestly, the only one that only stocked if I ever got was before I worked here in my last money on it. I'm a human country indicator. If I buy it, it goes down. Yeah, I sell it. It goes up. Maybe that's why we gravitate toward each other, Ted, because you will also get whatever we buy because we're running a new track. Right. Well, it's great here from you. I'm, if it weren't for the center of the night, I'd go nuts. I would not get my daily dose of the also. Thank you. I feel greatly honored. And I'm honored that I get on so easily. So, we'll put you next to it. We'll put you right to the front of the line. Talk to you next time down there. OK, Zagazoo. Fireline and say hi to mom. Thanks, big brother. OK, take care. Ted David from CNBC. There you go. You see, what did I tell you? You're sift through 50,000 calls. And you get somebody that's a real mention here, a celebrity. Still won't give me any stock tips. 26 past noon at 5, 60, WQM, we're in holy cow. Aaron's coming. Hello, and welcome to rhythmic. We have a collection of fine literary works has performed by that society. Elements. Most likely to consume the launch quantities of ethanol containing liquid that they are sisters wedding. Which incidentally happens to me now wedding as well? Today's presentation is the tragic tale that is mentioned in the third. Now, it is where our digit can die of. They bore you, thunder. Remember, by the son of York, and all the clouds of the third upon our health. In the date, was the most, you've heard. Ah, it's been very marvelous. Join us next time for another most, in addition, um, redneck. OK, we'll go property to a five-fifty. By the way, for that, noxious loud New Yorker, that I know you're still listening right now. The call before and it's called a several times over the years because he never misses a minute of the show. Has anybody from CNBC called you today? No. You jackass. I don't want to start being a name drop because we already got some of those people in this station. I don't want to start doing that, but. Now he's a good guy today, but OK, you know what I'm saying? Oh, good. Only guy with two first names that I know you can trust. Here's tempered pine, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I just want to call you. Thank you. I went down on next took the tour. Another guy, all right. Got myself a bundle and a couple of the donors are the perfect those are. Yeah, absolutely. There. Don't let him get a chance to call you on the road. Next time check out these Cuban bullets. Those are theirs. Yeah. OK. I'm going to go one of my hand right now. We check it lighted, but they're great. Yeah, well, that sounds good. Yeah, they could. I was very surprised, but I'm down there and I met with. It's. Well, yeah, I wanted to look. I think it was neck. There's a little. There's, there's Nick senior, which is the old man of father. There's Nick Jr. who's kind of a pudgy great guy. Yeah, that was him. Right. Junior. He's, he's great. And he gave me the tour. And. I don't know. I just thought it was great. And one is. Dispressed my. I'm. I'm standing. Thanks a lot. Yeah. There you go. We got a lot of happy campus from next today. Oh, yeah. How is Neil going to make it with those little cigar stops on there. That's what that butt plug for my 100% off. That's 40. Yeah. How are we going to do with those little mom and pops here. I, oh, brother. You know, if you know anything about the business, okay. You understand how much we're getting for spots on this show. You know how much money the station is making on this show. Raking in the big bucks. And then that's the only question. We were, there's no question that this station is making money. Hand over money. Hand over. And that's not a doubt. The only question is where the house that go on besides in John Henry's pocket. And when high pingers pocket. And of course, the bees. If they have any pockets in those old rumpel suits, they were. I don't think they did their put money in their pockets because it probably fell out on the ground. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile. And of course, a lot of people out there think that I'm joking about the bees. These all boy to see them is to know them. Trust me what I'm telling you. They have that just topped out of that dumpster look. Here's the homestead. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I was supposed to just strip her home. I was supposed to do the channel last night and saw this award show. I saw this huge chin on the screen. It would definitely be Jay Leno. Yeah. Given away some award to John Shavoldifer, Global with some crop. Yeah. Yeah. And he walked up on the stage with a little go-tian stuff and straddles. Jay Leno. I'm thinking about my last year. I'm going to hold him. Straddle them. Yeah. Trying to pull him out. It's done in there. It was the blood blaster movie awards. Oh, there you go. Yeah. It's got to get started and started every year. That dance by and college. Yeah. It was a little clay table. Probably put too much mayonnaise on those fries. That'll do it. I have a great day, pal. All right. Thanks for the good news. Okay. There you go. John, uh, to roll the Stradling Jay Leno. Oh, spread the spread of reports. Probably Jose Lambeet will put on his inside of there. Along with all the other crap. By the way, congratulations Jose. A whole column in a son's endless morning didn't mention Ricky Martin once. Oh, right. And that's sexual enigma that surrounds Ricky Martin. Like there's some big mystery about his sexual orientation. Yeah. There's a mystery if you've deved him in blind. That's right, Jose. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the mobile one line. I mean, I don't wish you. I mean, Ricky Martin's going to make $50 billion from all of their. A lot of people with bad taste more power to him. Okay. It's the a free enterprise system. It's the American effin way. But I don't want to hear about it. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yeah. I don't know. You know, it's talking about all movie stars. Well, you know, movie stars that I really like is can me. Reft, coffee, 20 in the Munich. Yeah. Well, well, well, well. We're talking about from this century though. Pardon? I said good list. Thank you. 560, 50, 50, 50, 60 on the mobile one line. Doesn't he sound a little bit like the guy who said that the nervous guy. Huh? Let me see. I'm a little bit like I've never called him up already before. But now I go back. I love the way he snorts in. Yeah, that's my favorite. 560, 50560 on the mobile one line. Have a nerd from the nervous call it in a long time. I wonder why. Anyway, 560, 50560 on the mobile one line. We keep prodiging plugging along here. Before we know it'll be one o'clock. Before we know it, it'll be two o'clock. The hump roll being the building he'll be on the ear. That thing's on the line. The show might start. Well, they only got like 16 17 people here today to work on hang show. So, you know, it's the little rougher on the edges of my not be as good as usual. Then we got Josh Darrell probably will have to leave hang show early today so we can work on a big six to eight show tonight. Clarence will be on her six to eight talking to some heavy duty stuff. And I'm sure hockey intensive will be hockey intensive because he's doing a pretty, uh, uh, there. The, uh, lead in the NHL game number five, stand a cup championship. You know, you can give Buffalo at Dallas. So you think that Josh should be really right up on that hockey. You think? Oh, I don't know. I don't even know if he doesn't really think about hockey. If he does, you'd be sure we're already in this building. Here's sunrise. Hello. Neo. Yes. I just thinking. A pond for pound. Our world's greatest actor, Marlon Brando. Yeah. Yeah. If you go by the pond, I would agree with that. No, don't tell her ways. But hey, how come they left off down. They're all great, uh, bird, uh, Reynolds movies. You know, you haven't been, uh, cutting up that phone a long time, even. Yeah, that's a good one. I kind of missed the honey journey. Yeah. Yeah. Get the honey tune. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm curious if they're sunrise. Do you want to be here? Yeah. I want to ask you two questions. Uh-huh. Strip malls that are empty, completely empty and bare. Why? There's nobody appeared by an shopner. Did they just wear them all? Where was this? Sunrise. Sunrise. Where? Oh, I'm just right now. I'm up to make mad. Yeah. And it's like, and you have to ask that. Oh, you have to ask that question? Oh, my God. Who just we just have 50,000, too many, uh, strip shopping malls. And about 25, too many big, uh, shopping malls. Other than that, there's no other reason. And you can't see a sign for a storefront anywhere. Right. Right. Quarter of a mile back off the roof. Plus you gotta understand the deeper you go into the heart of sunrise. And then you get dead people's your final. I mean, most of those people are over the age of 100. You can try to work with four banks between them and the Jackie Mason. One of these on every corner. Yeah. Okay, pal. I get on there as soon as possible. Five six seven. We got six hundred open lines here right at the moment. If I can get in, get some of those great tickets for Tarzan the cartoon. Uh, five six seven. Five sixty, Tom five sixty on the mobile one line. Where'd you get that from today, by the way. Were you eating those great sub sandwiches from? Is that from Tony's Banchian? From Machuques? From it is from the center. Or from the sub center. Everybody chuck. I believe him out. They didn't look like Chuck by the way. Chuck sent somebody over here. Well, Chuck's probably busy. We hope he's busy over there. Number one. And huh? That would be Jay Holiday. Bring it up. So they can get upstairs remember. Oh, that's right. They can't. I forgot about that. Most of the people can't get upstairs here. This is a great deal. We got going because we're up here on the third floor now. It's, you know, we used to be on the second floor. Everybody else is on the third floor. They moved us up to the third floor. All of a sudden everybody else moved down to the second floor. You think they're trying to tell us something? Yeah. I was thinking that this morning. I saw one of those construction trucks outside with a bunch of crap. And I'm thinking this is, this is so typical of measly and readman. The longest construction project in the history of mankind. No one anywhere. Even John Holmes never saw a long-reaction in what's going on here. God. And you notice like out in the front where the desk used to be out there. The receptionist. There's just nothing. There's nothing going on out there. There's nothing being built there. There's nothing. So I haven't got any idea what the construction workers are doing. You know, or who they're doing. Maybe each other. I don't know, but there's your right nothing going on this place. And it just goes on. Hey, that's the way it's going. Maybe because we got to give John Henry Wayne all the money. 24, one, it's five, 60, W.Q. I mean, if you, oh, yes, what? That was the end of that. The very father. Two. Ladies and gentlemen. If I could offer only one tip for the future. Act strange. And people will leave you alone. The rest of my advice has no basis, more reliable than my own me and the rean experience. Put us flinky around your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first. Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and sing feelings by the Colonel's co-synth crackling pump. Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hall where they say how much. Lick stranger. Tell them you're from Bosnia and your country is a sign of respect. Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally as the stranger, they've heard anything from Lewis. Be annoying. During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk. Moon, a funeral. Play, go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working. Run naked through a mall yelling. Killer bees. Say the word, tittie without smiley. Try to figure out who said polish sure should star in movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids. Ask an old lady that you can carry who groceries and try to make a run for it. Disappear for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue. It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework. Ask Mark McGuire to take a million dollars for one of his books. Try to find the secret to Karatop's success. Understand your conception was an accident. That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose. Take a bath cost list and toss them on a lawn next door. Go on a car trip with a bath cost list and force a disdain as Karatop. Try to dribble bath cost list. Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness. Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really estimating. Wish no ill will to anyone unless you don't like it. Then screw them on their own. Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap. Ask a hell of angel if he's a woman or has you always walked like that. Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them. Smith and old lady. Imagine gomerpile and a gay bar trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it. Embrace it. Protect it. And if it's so often, take it out for a nice notch. Karatop's not to care. Home while you eat. Act strange. And people will leave you alone. Alright. Okay 1248 Good Words to Live By. 1248 at 5.50. WQM, the award-winning Neil Rogers Show. We win awards from my win. Were winning awards? No. Senator Walman got awards. Come in a little bit. No. Yeah. We did. Let's put them up on a wall here and try to impresser. But then we can have like our own Grace Land. Then maybe some of the lifeless assholes out there that are slut up to Grace Land. Look how my hair all night. Look how about a wall. All the awards Neil got. And we can go out in the park a lot and take a look inside his Corvette. There you go. Through the window anyway. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. Haven't talked to you all. What happened to your maple left, huh? You mean what? See, it seems to me they made it all. This must be that asshole Mitch again, huh? They made it all the way to the final four songs. Good to me baby. Oh, that too many other teams. Oh, it made it to the final four. Last time I checked. Only three others. A team that nobody picked to play. I make the playoffs. You jackass. Haven't talked you in a while. No wonder I've been such a good move. It is. Go make fine Maria. Challenge. Okay. And get out of our face. See what I'm saying? They're all out there. Every single one of them is out there. All the nice airs, all the bull crap artists, all the no lives, the low lives. They're all out there. Oh, yeah. We finally get a class. You guys like Ted David Collins. You're just to add a little respect of ability to it. Thank God for him. He's done giving me no tips. Here's a hollywood. Hello. Yes. How you doing? Great. I was doing great till we got that call from that incident. Pizza, turd, that walking piece of direct Mitch from Aboka. Thank you. He's that. Yes, he is. All right. Listen. I'm not that she knew Barnes by the way. Yeah, go ahead. Hey, hey, hey. He was with the Chris Wells. Um, Francis, my uncle wants to know if you know Francis or here. Come on. You just made that up. No. Thank you, did. That was you did. You made it up because you heard me talk about Francis. No, no, no, no, no. He wants to know if he stole my pizza. No, no. He's still alive. Jesus. When I left Michigan in 1971, Francis or I was going to go there for the benefit of the audience as you probably guess he wasn't a hockey player. He was a harness race driver and a damn good one too. You know something. Do you really, do you really, did you really, did you uncover really no him? He asked me to, yeah, because he knows that you weren't a horse racing. That man, I want to stop in a name. That old man was such a great driver at Detroit. And I got to know him a little bit too. He had, uh, I made so much money betting on Francis over here. This guy was tremendous. He didn't have a lot of horses, but when he drove, you knew he was going to win. He was a great. So, that would be a definite. Yes, that one. Yes, I knew. That's the line. He was, he was like 72 or three. The last time I saw him driving a race. And that's 26. He's, he's, he's, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's driving horses up there in the sky. That's right. I got a question and just, this is going to all culminate in a request for, uh, take a throttard and I'm doing it. But you know something, you're going to get him anyway, because you mentioned Francis over here. Oh, you're my favorite harness racing driver of all time. Francis over here. All right. You know what to do? I mean, time you give him something to wait. That's right. You have to come up with another name next time. All right. I'd like to read cream or a rainbow plane junior next time. Uh, McOmerie. Well, he McOmerie. Yeah. I'm our junior. Um, and let's go and tell two o'clock to win this. Okay. That'll blow. How about Jim and Gardy? He told me that the word to a twin. Uh, Peter. Who? Peter. The painter. Master, baby. Yeah. So, these twins, uh, the hockey players you talking about? I don't know. Wacers. Players. Terry. Harry. A reen's, yeah. Anyway, Kelly. Are you going to lose the ticket? No, no, no. Okay. That's better. So, I just stopped now there and get the tickets. Hold on. Okay. Okay. Take your care of our fine friend there. Alive seven. With Francis over here. Oh, boy. That old guy could drive a horse man. He had like a clock in his head. He was great. All these young punks to think they know something boy. He was around the day. He would have been a young guy. He'd be a multi-millionaire. All he might have been doing okay because he used to drive a big green catalog brand new one. Nice going on Frankie. I mean, not that anybody cares, but one time on the Jackson Raceway. I mean, well, I'm not going to start like some of the people on this station do like Eddie Kaye and all the gambling stores. But on a Jackson Raceway in Jackson, Michigan, a little crappy harness track. And the horse was a horse named Millie R, which by my mother's name is Millie. Obviously, you know, and it was a good horse and Francis or her used to drive that horse. Well, his son, Daniel here, who couldn't drive his finger up his nose. One of the words he's driving a horse that night. And horses like four to one, five to one. All of a sudden, something must have happened and must have got a bad bullet grits or something. And there's an announcement. Ladies and gentlemen, driver change number eight will be driven by Francis or here. And everybody is running to the window. I go fly to the window. The horse goes off to make a long story short even money wins by open ranks. Anybody care about that story? No, but I did. It was a significant moment in my life. Back in the days when I used to cash a lot of tickets to the track in Michigan. So I gave way to the pair of tickets, George, because the guy mentioned Francis over here. 560, 50560, on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile and cross-brings, hello. Yes, sir. I got a spy report on our favorite banker, Matt. Yeah. Yeah. He's going to be back on the banking business pretty soon. Pretty soon. I'm working on the deal to start his own bank up in Broward. And he'll be... Well, what he made his own bank. His own bank. He's starting his own bank. He's working with the sets now to develop his own bank. How can he do that? Well, it gets enough investors together. And we can get enough capitalization to start a bank. What was it going to be? It's going to be an our community. I'm not sure where he had. It'll be opening this fall. Really? That's what he's looking for. Excellent. Okay. I'm waiting for you, Matt. Okay, Matt. Okay, thanks. I'm waiting for you, Matt. Hey, guys. Never stole a freight train. Always took great care of me. I'll tell you that. That was a real unsettling thing when I got that call on my answer. Mission that he was leaving my bank because I kind of felt like, you know, left in the wilderness. Ehh! Yeah, like that. And of course, it's only your money. So why should you do worry about something that insignificant, right? Well, that's very interesting. I'm glad that guy told me that because now I may just kind of sit around and wait to see what happens. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, unemobile. And if you want some of those tickets, huh? Maybe that guy that went to school with Brad Kramer, maybe he'll call, and maybe he'll get some tickets to the movie. Oh, yeah, we're going to talk about harness racing now that'll be the end of this show. See, that's the thing about this town. They don't know anything about anything. Things that are like everybody in their brother knows any place else in this country in North America. They know anything about it here. They don't even know what that is. Oh, you mean those buggy horses? Is that it? Yeah, buggy horses. What is that saying? Jackson harness race. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. I worked at Jackson harness track. I was going to college there at Jackson Junior College. I was on the basketball team. What year was that? So, 63 and 64. Are you serious? I'm sure you remember the calf's gear eating Jackson? Was it wasn't Leon Slaveen with the person that tracked that, right? Yeah. Right. And I was, yeah, I took the young guy in college. I was like 19, 18 years old. And I would take the tickets and the guys who got a lot of numbers to buy. And I said, yeah, I took four in the six race. I knew nothing. If it weren't the guys, I'd come back to the 10, I would know. Really? I was just putting numbers out just to put in the marks. That's not a good time over there though. I was great. And that's right. And that's right. I mean, you could put $100 to win on a horse and change he out from seven to one. I'd like to give up. You could watch the one that was great. And a lot of times you could watch the warmups in the horses that could still stand up. Those are the ones you know we're going to win. Those dynamaires. That was a big attraction there though. That's your one. They had nothing else going on. That exact same state prison those were the two big deal. Yeah. And that came some of those drivers wound up there. I used to go because I was on a basketball team there. So we'd go play the prisoners over there. Right. And again, being done in the 90s back in the 60s. So that could get them play these guys with their robes, where he's closing it in. That's right. When we go to the regular shower, they'll show. Well, I'm working with that little shower stall. Right. Yeah. And then we'll know that has about 45 miles that you just all stand there. Yeah, kind of like the dolphins, right. We've got all the prisoners looking at all these men's guys where they're trying to show. Yeah. I thought I had some water crash. I really went back to the building. Good thinking man. Take it from somebody who knows. Stay under the bath houses man. I'll be back in the direction of the track. I have the car. I'll be back in the direction of the direction of the building. Good hearing from you. I'll be back in the direction of the building. All right. There you go. Jackson, Rex, put them. Now we're talking. Dwayne, deal worth. Climberance, A yacht. Gerald Benfield. All those going, man. Tommy, Palmer. 560, 560, 560, and a mobile one line. That's what I'm going to do tomorrow by the way for a couple hours. I'm just going to flip off about your harness racing names. Get us down to a zero. Huh? And then, and then, Monday, what other was hockey players all for four hours? Just name mobile hockey players. There you go. There's Bobby Bond on the broken ankle. We're going to add East Tucker right in there. Nice gone. Anyway, you know, you got to learn new things. You people are sitting out there with your finger and you know, is pulling the lint here out. Three minutes before we want to keep way in. Oh, boy. It's the one. The two hours. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. God. Oh. That's for the worst frase. The world is amarekki. This is for the world. A voyage for the world. This is for the world. This is for the world. On the left pihone. On the right. This is for the world. You're such a good man! Well you're talking about son and I don't know! We're all right! We're all right! We're all gonna die! His game name was brought inside the comedy and played all the bench and make the move The greatest soul is not never sign it was wrong He's been in the river still when all the time Now and not say from the red, I'll be saved! There's no beam, I can't! Hail to the coward in chief! Oh right! Oh right! Oh right! Oh right! Oh right! Oh right! Oh right! Oh right! Oh right! Not me, but you're standing at the door! And it's down below! Why don't you work 5-5050 to get the FUM so any way we are brought for the advanced actor and actress of the year is of the century is not getting no calls on that. Good, that's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. 5-60, 5-60, 5-60 on the AT&T Wireless line of hand 6-8, he's asleeper. You'll listen for a few minutes, you'll be sleeping. Now he's going to be fine. Here's Miami, hello! Miami, thank you very nice talking to you and have a great day. And I was just about to give him the tickets too. How do you like that? Here's the Hollywood, hello! 5-670, 5-60, 5-60 on the AT&T Wireless line as we give it. Hit just keep on coming, baby. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, with the yes in front of it. Let's try a plantation, hello! Yes sir. Yeah, can I hear that? That's fine. What is it? Yeah, that's sticking to my ass song. Stick it in my ass song? Yeah. What else song is that? I don't know, you guys played all the time. How does it go? I don't know, it's got some woman saying no sticking to my ass. Okay, well look forward, okay. Anybody know what's sticking to your ass? Okay. 5-670, 5-670, 5-670, 5-680, 5-660. What is it? He's talking about ERECT-IOLN. Oh! Oh, you mean... ERECT-IOLN. If the record's on, come on, I'll take off my shoes. Drop off my dress. Oh! If XP-V-Let, when I see you, can... All right. I'll take it, RECT-IOLN. That's too big for my mouth. Yeah. I wanted her to never end on top of you, and take it out by lubricated shoes. Yeah. If the RECT-IOLN and Nail, it's here the wall. ERECT-IOLN. I wanted to train your ball. I wanted to love you, and call me out when you went to the store. And then I'll give it a blow. You're the boarding engine. And take it. At Green Sun, to you, take up to the sub-hunter, grab on the surround. You're closing too. And make your wonder where McClub is. Watch, watch. That's on, where RECT-IOLN. And it's on, SIRCO-5. Oh! ERECT-IOLN. I wanted to train your ball. ERECT-IOLN. Okay. Okay. One of those six, I think that's what he wanted to do. Oh, I think it was. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, on the 18, that T-Wireless Line June 17. Not bad. I'll be honest with you. Not bad. May in June this year compared to last year. Boy, that was a death now. That was like the end of the world. Here's West Miami, hello. No. Yes, sir. I know you can give this cake. Okay, great. Chronic. I mean, really, Chronic, sir. You're going to have to go get yourself like a voice-to-box trans-blender something. Because you're so obvious. I mean, talk about telescoping it with that voice. That sound. Wow, I'm good like the guy before, sir. And I second that emotion in your case. Get your life pal. Get your like a buddy. A little rubber and flavorable buddy. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, this is our first time caller at Longtime, listener. Uh-huh. I don't really have any material. I just move back and down from Texas. I look like an I miss you. I really enjoy your show. I heard you on the web a couple of times up there. Great. Those are mell again. I am just a single Julio, but I really like to have the tickets. So that's okay with you. You just came back to town? Yes, sir. Well, wait till you're here a little bit longer. Okay, then start free loading. Okay, don't just come back from Texas and start free loading. Practice a little while. Okay, then we'll maybe give you some for free. I doubt it, but we'll work on it. Oh, I sure played my cards right today. You know, I guess I did. Sure played this thing exactly right. If I would have done that thing like right down the middle, like somebody suggested you're No, I know you didn't suggest, but you thought that I would. You really did. You got all those labels out. You thought that, oh yeah, it'll be an easy way for the old man to, you know, buy a show and then yeah, I don't do that. I don't do that. I want to have to go screen ambling at the last minute if you decided to. I like people. I'm just a fence. You must be catching it from him. Okay, don't, you don't have to be defensive in there. You know how easy going I am. I'm not the one that's always bitching out the hired hands in the other room. I'll leave that to us somebody else. I mean, I'm like I said the other day. I'm not, I'm holding nothing back anymore. You know what I mean, in this place, I see where all the cards you're laying. I'm not holding anything back. And what's the point? Let's be brutally honest if we're going to have some people in here want to play hardball. Good like Joe Dodgio, they used to say, good old country hardball. You know, they're a little bit Joe Dodgio who made millions by being a literate. Only in America can you make that much money being like almost totally literate. Nice going there, Dodgio. Good old country hardball. He got him. He got him. Edible Joe. Oh. I'd rather listen to Bob Costa's than Joe Dodgio. I'd rather be dead than here Bob Costa's. I was a channel surfing last night and it was almost the end of the basketball game. And San Antonio was like pulling away from the next. Now, watch about two minutes of it until I realize that it was Bob Costa's doing the game in some ways. So, he's a lunge with a real moral boy. Talk about torque, little torque, little arrogant torque who is nothing. Nothing. There's nothing about him other than he's a little assucking torque. Nine minutes after one in five 60 WQM. He heard. He got him. Rory. Come on everybody. Yo, we're not here man. We don't play a game. We'll be flipping chips there, right? We have the fan. And he panicked to be the knee. Yo, what you talking about? You think the funcers don't do it. And what's the funcers do they get right? Check out what happened to you. What you talking about? You have it down and hold that. Hold up. Fizzles. He's a little fizzle. I'm a little fizzle. He's a little fizzle. I'm a little fizzle. Oh, fizzle. Let me do a hold it. Hold it, hold it, hold it. One. Hold it, hold it. Let me do it. This be empty. Let me do it. I don't have to do it. Damn it, I don't have to do it. I don't have to do it. What the hell. Who is that? Hold. Hold it, hold it. And attack the balls. The Ball. The ball. Hold it. Hold it. You think of it, when we tell each other, I'm gonna go down into the water and then go down into the water Or you're a drag I try to look at you I'll touch you, I'll touch you I'll touch you, I'll touch you Look Even advise from me Once they've been across 360WM, Butterpunk closely when JulRight assed 16 UPS , it was downward's double five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's a mobile and rush palm beach hello yes sir I'd like to talk to you about a young brown thing with the white women yes is he was afraid to watch it I don't know I just like to talk to you about why the black athletes prefer white women instead of black men yes sir the breathing is there just black men when it gets the morning they're weak they scared of the fear of the black women because they think the fact when we go to take the money from you so they go to the white women instead that's about it okay well thanks for the good news there you go all you black jacks out there stick with a white chick's okay they want to eat out a house at home or whatever you said find the one each out of house at home five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the slightly speaking of that speaking of roe he did bring back for those who've been following the saga of the missing large black rubber bill though that we had in here which uh... good post personal buddy roe from our sales department i would want to say like a sales hole he is from our sales department you know roe not in it just from it but anyway he bought kind of like uh... appropriate of this last year for it came storming here saw this sitting up on a leg in the i got it and you ran out of here with someone in coernie yesterday like right in the middle of the show also uh... someone in coernie came running back in here and uh... plopped right back up in a spot right up there running a thing course before very long as you got out of the room i ran up there in the grab it to take a look at it and i'll leak at it to make sure that it hadn't been abused and show now it had been abused all i yeah this was a perfectly pristine large black penis just taken right on the box i forget who sent this to us do you remember who what is he saying we're not saying who sent it to no one has a all of all of that person sent it was all we're not saying but nevertheless we were very proud of this and was there quite a quite a conversation piece of on a studio here all around the building and now all it was like pristine was like brand was shiny you don't talk about shiny was a nice big black shiny penis now unfortunately on ahead it's been uh... you can see all the way spots you've heard that expression nonetheless for where well this is the worst for where you know what i'm saying so the investigation continues to find exactly to whom and wherein and that to what that was done nice going right but i'll be somebody at a real good time without over the weekend here's what the other day hello and you're doing great i was wondering if you've read the book the godfather yes book at better than the movie and i just got a hold of it and just finished it so much better than the movie right yes good as the movie was and it's my favorite but nevertheless there next to network it's my favorite but the book was much better oh yes especially when they get into the scenes about you know the doctor and all that that was not see a lot of people they think well you know a single intellectual say stuff like that you know the book is all you and i don't believe that sometimes the book is better sometimes it's not but in this particular case if you like the godfather it's worth reading the book right uh... two things one of the homework for tickets but two also have another request the eight months long because in today's u.s.a today they printed his salary for last year yeah and i need to feel better about myself that for seeing the time it's five five five one out can't think you're little lowball is what it is well highball yeah i understand after i answer it it's wild why here we're in this quote of back it's lonely he likes receive us better why oh right some people say that number ages gave they say trowel of the big brown eye a.k.man you go down as easy man grrr it's kind he likes the easy man are you sure he loves to snap cowboys on every high back he's got a spotless reputation uh America's team is world renowned but it's drogate at births and people say oh in the hotly goes down eight you go down on okay okay what comes on what's one in what is five sixty w qm what it be something all those macho athletes you're a course they all know but the fans especially like someone who's just the first to call this radio station you know the other twenty hours a day or pretending to be a sports station those people really would be crushed you know if they had like that long long list of all those fags running running locker room shawarma the other guys oh man they would they never be the same guy all that that just a rumored that just you know i i i i i i had Steve young and Troy eight minutes of it yeah i mean if it is that's only two you know yeah that's only two of the top quarterback and like now let's get to the other positions oh sorry here's Miami hello yeah hi yes sir i haven't spoken to you today you hung up before because i was on speaker and it like when you hear that quick you thought i was hanging okay anyway sorry okay um i read in the article actually they were selling a watch uh just changing the subject a little bit the watch was for a millennium clock and you can set it to the year two thousand and then up the bottom it says even though the real millennium starts 2001 the watch can work for two thousand what what what is that smoke that would be interesting oh okay go ahead kind of went into a panic i thought the guy damn studio was on fire that yes sir well that's about it okay thanks for the good news i i mean he said something about the millennium clock and i wasn't paying attention because i was a little distracted we're not allowed to smoke in here and it's not smoke it's incense and peppermint that's probably to cover up uh you know the smell of the bad stuff about it we didn't all we have to be in the neighborhood and that truck is bringing over the lunch show every now and then so you know as long as you didn't the hood line up bring over some good stuff with it yeah i'm not i think right between jiffy luben the tarry stranger but they're whatever that place is tar Kingdom i think if you stick like what in the back there between is where you find the real you're not good you're making stuff i think that's where they go back there and that kind like jerk pork and jerk chicken five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on the AT&T line here's four lotterdale hello hey Neil yes sir what's wrong it hey check it out and i i did you make check it out check it yeah okay and and the book too all right hey the hunt for red October i read the book a long time before i saw the moving yeah and i agree the book's for much better yeah hey i was just about to do that so just coming up hey check this out this morning do you say check this out i'm not again okay what's up all right what's wrong the only thing come right she pulled my lighter next night right she came home this morning I was holding all night they're doing what i i don't know i did the thing they did it i didn't have a father i gave it a thing to test it came up positive yeah but i didn't have any way while walking the tape that i got from you about a year ago yeah and that that was just great man okay well listen watch your old lipstick five six seven oh five patience better probably turn to the drips stick five six seven oh five sixty five five six they got the AT then you know you got problems when your lipstick turns into your uh squad squad of stick that's right but anyway give it a whole thing your test i bet you did here's a mobile and top of no hello probably lead up to the elbow yes sir oh you're letting my day listen i want to know did you uh i said a photograph to you about the ski slopes and park city i want to know that's a boring whole place you live that i loved it it's up on the wall it's got a probe right right by where the pole the pulp in the uppeter was right next to them oh when you go back on way out the wall in fact it's interesting because the pulp is peering into it so i guess the pulp must be peering in the glory hole well i think he's cleared over to park it he kind of had yet a bit than he got a little uh yeah and that made the CBS igno is uh but i'm not gonna throw the the head thing was a few days ago now he's got the flu and that was a big story on the CBS igno's somebody ought to tell those people are at CBS and when the pulp gets a cold it's not really a new story okay i know there was a lead in yesterday morning on the news is that incredible nothing about cost of all in air so i got was the pope yeah right i believe little couple of things uh page three to help today i've got the nra is up an arms because sheriff Ken Jenny was throwing the uh all those guns overboard out there in the ocean to see that no i didn't see that yeah he was unsure of picture of him on a boat throwing guns overboard it's a thousand fuel water the public crying in the bureau i think next week he's gonna be throwing guns overboard with one hand and people from the swing clubs overboard on the other side they're swinging they're swinging it have a great thacer he's throwing everybody overboard the Ken Jenny man he never met a political office he didn't aspire to fascist pig watch out for him i'm talking right now and just like with a jet bursting don't call me now and tell me that he's a fascist i told you that ahead of time but before we're too late did it make any difference? no and now the same thing with this Ken Jenny five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the you called that a jiuia I'm talking about the study day. If I'm on some naked and let's put things in my head. And I found the odd, but if you wanna get me into this world, that's being provided with things you know. Yes, I'm on the way. And I'm seeing you, you're sure they're gay. Because you could go to jail and leave when they get by free. You'll end up friends on the day. She was 25 but she just appeared. The fake team, I'm a male, a free. Daddy called the conflict night. My best part was fake and I think because I have something to say. None of my friends might need. And I've got something right now. Oh, my show. She's underage. She's joking. She's a fucking dog. She's just a kid or two. Yeah, there's no one in those great things. I'm dying and dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm seeing this just behind the sheets of the team. Anyway, it's 131 at 5.60WQM. Britney Spears, Jennifer Lopez, Ricky Martin. And of course all three of these people are really big because they can really sit. Huh? Because they have great voices. And they can really build out a tune. Huh? Is that the reason why? Oh, no. I want to know how she doesn't have to be. Okay? They look great. Everybody likes their videos. Everybody's got their hand between their subities legs. What's wrong with that? I mean, if the music is good, that may be a little bonus. They want to think about my backstreet voice. They may not look all that great unless you got bad eyesight, but they can sit. There you go. And there are albums. Number one. It about 5,000 countries all over the world. And the best part of it is they're not Ricky Martin. There's like a public service. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, never been better, sir. I'm happy to hear that. I love listening to you, show a couple of things. I like to talk to about first of all about the actors. You ask him about it. How come nobody is touching that, man? We should spend weeks on that. Well, here I am. Okay. First of all, I don't know who's the greatest actors, but I know that two of my personal favorites were Gene Kelly and Jimmy Cagney. Gene Kelly? And he wasn't the actor. He's a dancer. I know, but I enjoyed his movies. Let's put that way. You like musicals? Well. But no, I like Jimmy Cagney. And he was one of the greatest. And he was one of the greatest. And he was good. Well, great. You're a good, you're a good. Of course he always was doing your dirty, right? Was that but he was good. Right. And the great food, which was his invention. That was a great. I mean, there was a great food. Well, in that scene, which I quote, I mean, there wasn't supposed to be like that. And he decided to do that and they kept it in. And it was a great scene, one of the Hollywood's greatest scenes. But here's another question for you. How many actors today could have been an actor back then? None. Well, maybe Harrison Ford. Yeah, yeah, he's okay. Yeah, maybe Harrison Ford. But yeah, the actors today, I mean, the only ones who are great are the ones who were like a carryover from the previous generation like Robert Duval and Pacino and those guys. But the new crowd that you got there, most of them, connect away a little paper sack. But I think like Brad Pitford example. But I think a personal, like, Harrison Ford could have been a star back in the 40s and 50s. Possibly. Yeah. He has that charisma. And the other thing, you were talking yesterday about restaurants. And one of my students passed me to a capital grill. Have you ever been there? No. That's the old size river gate. Oh, yeah. And it's just a stay house and not bad at all. Really? Not bad at all. And it was very good. It's good meat. Yeah, excellent. Okay. What was looking for good meat? Yeah. What are you finding there? Okay. Also, you're doing Berkeley's movies? Am I doing what? Are you giving away tickets for a not Berkeley's or Tarzan? Oh, they're just just ran out. Oh, I was going to ask if I could get some. Okay. Have a good day. I'm not giving him movies for the Tarzan for a cartoon. Come on. It's guy sounded a good guy. A little bit dangerous, I don't know if he asked me. We don't want him to movie theater full little kids. 560, 560. He's this guy's looking for juicy meat. You know, you're not going to listen to him in there. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Pardon? I said, here's a lady in North Miami. Okay. I kind of bleep when you said it because I know. That's a Linda Blurse that it bleeds and it burns. What's he said? Yeah, the foam bleep. And J. P. said it had bleeds well anyway. Okay. And I told George that I'm in Noron, but he put me in North Miami. Well, he's all confused today. He doesn't even sound like himself today. And I listen to you every day. And I keep thinking. I'm going to call you on my day off to tell you what I think. Yeah. What if it bleeds, it leads. Are you thinking of channel 7 news, I guess? And one of the things was these calls you got about George, where people didn't like him? I like 5 of those. And we got an audience of 17 million people and only 5 people didn't like him. I really got upset because if you listen to him when he first came on, I was looking for a whole weekend. He was terrible in the beginning. And he was like, Yeah. And all that stupid news of call of time. He was terrible in the beginning. But he's like worked himself in like a thing. He's doing commercials now. He's doing appearances. He's given ready. He's going to write a move right on in. What do you mean? I'm happy to happen about six weeks. He needs a little more of your comedy cut. Yeah. Well, you know, that's something you either got it any door you don't have it. Right. And it's being a silly little heart-headed spick-like he is. I mean, he's not, you know, funny guy. He's fine. Also, the actors. I agree with you. Robert mentioned like him. I'm a Robert Wagner. He looked good. He couldn't act. He looked by today's standards. If you look good, you're an acting actor. Right. But I was also wondering about Gary Cooper. Gary Cooper is number 11. Right behind Charlie Chaplin. Right here. He's on the list. Right ahead of Gregory. Now how could Gregory Peckby down as far as number 12? He's got to be in the top five, doesn't he? Yeah. Like him. Gregory Peck was great. Most of everything he made. To kill a mockingbird. And I think he lost it when he did that old man. I think that also hurt William Holden. He did old man too. And Gregory Peck did old man one. I think that was an old man for them fall down. It was a bad old man. Well, listen, you have a great day. Okay. Listen. One more thing. If I could. Are you still there? I'm here. Okay. You know, when you go down, money here will heal. Road. Honey. Eight-year turn. 141 going to work. Right. Okay. Well, some 99 and all that did. One 99. Yeah. Well, nice. But you make your left, right? Right. And I go through that thing every day. Well, that's horrible. And the people make and left against us. I have counted as high as 14 cars. Making, coming through the green light. Making that turn. They're in that lane. They're coming through. There isn't any light there. There. No. Yeah. I'm 441. Right. Yeah. Forget that. And I don't know. Did you have any tickets? I like George. I like Carson. That's the funny tune. Just ran out to be not having great day. Oh, no. I mean, we have a quota. We can't give him the day plus he's, uh, we want to send people to see Tarsan the cartoon who are like under the age. I mean, she's very nice. And I don't want to like offend anybody unless I have to. But I mean, no. The answer is just plain. No. Don't take it hard. I mean, no. That's all. No. Did I have any bad feelings about no? Just, it's just the way it is. It's not personal. I like you. You're there was a call was okay. I mean, not spectacular. It was, uh, fair. Yeah, was weak. No, it was okay. No. But, uh, now she was very nice. But just because you're nice, I'm going to give you tickets. Like that one lady before she wanted tickets. And she wanted that the full. All you can eat in the room. Did I give her either one? And she was still great. See, that's her real fan. Not something that if you don't give me something right. You suck. Yeah. I mean, that's, uh, yeah, that's just a free loader. And believe me, I can smell the difference between the real fan and a free loader anytime. 22 before 2 at 5. 60 WQA. I think over. Optimal on my. Can you speak? Look at this 2019 event. It's going to be big. I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not, I'm seen, I'm here, I'm only here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm just here, I'm not here, I'm out, you're beautiful, yeah, I'm here yeah, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm right, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm not here, I'm enough, I'm fine, I'm not here, I'm really here, I'm not here, I'm actually you, I'mJoe, atfriend, I'm here, I'm really here, I'm really here, I'm really here, I'm really here, I'm really here, I'm really here, I'm not here, am, really, really, I'm really Yeah, those are some medically talented family right there right now. It's 144 at 5.60 WQAN. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Can I ask you a rules of the game question in hockey since you're the old guy that I'm interested in. Give me the right answer. I've noticed in the playoff that Hasek gets separated from the goal stick fairly often. Yes and I think it's right they've warned him about that that's a penalty. Well, again, any of the other players on the ice if you throw your stick into penalty and they warned him in the game the other night that if he keeps doing that they're going to start giving the penalty for the lay a game. Well, my question was, can the opponent try to move the stick further away from him? And if they do, is that is that a penalty? No. Of course not. If he throws the stick they can kick it, they can do whatever they want. It just seems to me that one time I saw one of the skaters from the north of the north stars. Yeah. I'm not a star. Sorry. From the stars, it's skate over it. Oh, I'm waiting. And I put that the key thing to do would be to actually take it away. Yeah, you're right because his favorite thing I'm sure you've seen this is he likes to drop the stick in the right in the middle of the crease so that if he's not a position like when he's at a lot of pressure. He's not a position flopping around that it may be a shot will hit the stick. Yeah. It'll deflect it out. So it's like adding another block to the, you're right though. But he does all sorts of things and of course, you know, he's always doing it. And then the great players that he sport, they get away with it. And then that was some saved. Don't you think that that Eddie the Eagle had with that goal stick when he was out there. Yeah, that was incredible. Yeah, there were great saves on both sides. That game was one of the best I've seen in the movie. Guys can really stop. Yeah. One question about an actor opinion on the alphabet? Who? Is it any of the guy that was the villain in the Clint Eastwood movie that he played the D'Arange guy in the light of fire? I don't even know who that is. George has yes. You know what that means? Okay. Yeah. John Malkovich, I probably would know if I saw him when I know him. I mean Clint Eastwood movie. The only Clint Eastwood movie I liked was play Mr. For me. Which wasn't like any of the dirty hearing movies. It was a great movie. Jessica, what's her name? Jessica, Jessica something. Whatever, anyway, it doesn't make you interesting. See you on the talk. The crazy bitch. She was great. And he was good in that movie. It was an excellent movie. And of course because he was a DJ either. And you know on the spot of the way if you watch that movie, you never been in radio. If you ever were disjockey. He cues up at the way he cues up the record. I mean, how long would it have taken to show him how you cue up a record before you're going to play it? And he likes sticks the needle on the, like stick the needle on the record. And just let it look. That's not how you play it Clint. I wonder you had that cycle, but Jason Moran. Are you sure it was a mean DJ? Wasn't he? Here's a lot of Dale. Hello. He was put it in pretty crews. Yes sir. I had a question about Tagar as for you. Sure. I spoke to Box, press Tagar the other day. Box, press Tagar? Yeah. It was kind of weird. Instead of being like a usual Tagar. It was like squished down into like almost like a box shape. I was just wondering if you ever heard of that or if you know what the point of the box shape, pressing with the guard. I don't know the pen said which box you put it in, I guess. No, I guess you'll have to call up Bubba. He knows all about that. Maybe it's one of those new monocos. 560, 50560, pound-five 60 on it. See, I there are probably a lot of people around you know asking questions like did he stick it in an recto? More like where exactly did it go? I think they have maybe a valid point. There are people that have no lives to there. They're wondering about where did the person stick his cigar? Did he actually light it up after he stuck it into a... ... towel, whatever? And then of course Hillary walked in and said, Here's the angel beat, shall I? Hey Neil. Yes sir. Got a good story for you. Okay. Grandma, it just turned 93 years old. Can't see too well. Oh, okay. Oh, sure she's driving though. I'll just bring you the license by the name. All right. Oh, right. The kick here is I'm sure. Fortunately, we took keys away in the car about 50 years ago. So are you out there with old folks driving around? Pull the keys from them, right? When did that pull it out? That's right. Thank you sir. God, what is it? Any ticket? No. Five good story, but no tickets. He thought I would give him the tickets because he did a good service. Great job there sir, but I'm still not giving any guide to any tickets. We're going to have no more tickets today. Well, maybe. I don't know. And all the pins. I mean, I like doing like on the sperm of the moment. I mean, whatever the mood strikes me, if somebody says it like Francis or here, was there any doubt about that? No. Signed seal in the liver, he will not be your friend. And he had those tickets in a heartbeat. No question about it. He knew how to get to me. Francis, so here. 72 years old, this old man would go out there and win race after race after race after bucky day, awards, lady, mili are all those horses, you know? Oh, it's Jane, oh, it's Leo. Does anybody have any idea what I'm talking about? No. No. I guess I'll have to call up Jack Riggs in the announcing booth up there at Haysal Park. You know, I first went to the track. I was going to Michigan State and of course, when you go to school, all those terrible things start having you start drinking a lot. You're drinking a lot of beer and you start going to the track and gambling away your money, planning your or a tap recorder. Yeah, I was very big in a pawn shop and he's lancing, but at any rate. And some of my friends got me going to Haysal Park to the track. And when I went to the track the first time, this is 1960, 39 years ago, to show you what, I'm not as big of a degenerate as that captain, but close. The first horse I ever bet on was number nine in the first race, Eldora Janko, during my Don McElmery, I bet two dollars to show it, came back. He won the race, paid 260 to show. I made 60 cents on the first bet. And that was it. Got me hooked. And Jack Riggs was calling the races at Haysal Park and used to do the runners, the third ones in the afternoon at DRC and then drive over and do the harness racing the same night. Used to do double do the everyday and Detroit for years. And now he's still doing the harness racing at Haysal Park. Jack Riggs. Not the greatest, not the most exciting. Got a good voice. He still sounds the same as he did in 39 years ago, a boring, but never less. Good guy. Does that mean anything to you? No, but it means something to me. Okay. 10 minutes before 2 at 5. 60 WQAM Hot.