Hey, we're trying to get 560 WQAM. My amyport Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers show. You're talking a needle called 567-0560 toll free-redated Broward or pound-560 on your cell phone. You're the opinions of Neil, his guest, co-erzer. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. Beesley read acquisitions or the Beesley broadcast rule. Neil Rogers, of sports radio 560 QA-10. Why does he play a school? Lannies asked him there. I tell him they won. They didn't all you can eat breakfast. I want more than just a lot of food. I want a lot of choices. Thank you. Thank you. Anyway, I want them. I want them. I want them. I want them. The ones that always come stuck together. Why is that? They don't want to work under a heat lab at some fast booklight. I want to work under a heat lab at Lannies. Don't you know I want it. I want bacon really fatty and limbs to the one you pick it up. You sort of dupes off your finger. And eggs with the yolk broken so they're out of their rocks. I wanted to serve by a fat-solid wager so the must-tats. So I am the skierst of stiffer. Eggman, do we fetched out? I don't want to stand in line. I want to wait in line to get seated for a really long time. They do not have Denny, Rannies, Nanny. America, there's a new. All you can eat, Grand Slam, breakfast venue. Ad Lannies, it's everything you already expect. Denny's just a lot more of it. Ad Room temperature. Looks like they've got a deep dark problem at the Lannies. Does that? Although not deep in his darkies a lot of people thought it might be because the verdict only $300 per plaintiff. How do you like that? Ad Denny's restaurant manager discriminated against nine Everglades, Correctional Facility Guards when he kicked him out of the restaurant. But, but. The incident seemed isolated. An example of intentional corporate discrimination of federal judge ruled on Thursday. Five more minutes for one. Here's a moment for a lot of deal. Hello. Okay sir. I'll listen to the righteous last night. He was talking to you. Okay. You asked this to judge Patricia Saiton, where did the Everglades Correctional Facility Guards come because of a competitive rate damage of $300 each. $300 each. Okay. Because they would sort of made up a story about, well, we're closing now because they're out of food after the holiday weekend. Six dark, complicated guys in the three white guys. And then shortly after, we had a bunch of white women came in and all of a sudden they did have food. And they were ready to do business again. $300 a piece. Nice going, Lenny's. See, we don't care about time, don't like this. Okay. So don't waste our time. Grow up. We don't care about small potatoes with their motorcycle jackets. We don't care about people who left your years ago in the middle of the night. And the trialed off the Phoenix Arizona because I had a seven-long share of that I had a seven-long share and they had a three-point. I thought if we reinvented history and we wouldn't history make up a lot of lies. Okay. Not interested pal. And take a look at those numbers by the way. If you got a big magnifying glass, take a look at the big number they got over there. You found out like this. Okay. In addition, which let me say it again, why would anybody who's got a syndicated show that's heard all over the country waste their time talking about me? Am I on acceptance for a buyer? So if it were 40 people, is there am I on anywhere else in America besides here? No. So what the hell is the point? Other than of course, they're obsessed. You know, I'll send that if I had a million dollars for every person that was like obsessed with me in his business, I could buy every radio station in this market. Not to mention joy, rentals, Paul Castro Nova, Tom D'Oleicus, and the list goes on and on. Neurotic people of sex with the arangers. You know, which is of course a good substitute for your own talent. Right Tom? Uh-huh. You're out Tom. Anyway, one of the great columns, you know, I'm starting to have a feeling that maybe there's a little bit of hope because our two newspapers suck, the editorial boards are garbage. And by the way, did anybody see yesterday, Ike Seaman, suck in Tom, feedlers, ass on Channel 6? Uh-huh. Just see that? You know, some people on this station who hate to hear old as much as I do, they better start learning the thing or two about their good buddy that old funny dirty Ike Seaman's. Okay? Who's just another shill for the Miami-Heroly? He was with the Mickey Erwisson back a year and a half ago, with all that arena bullcrept, he still is now. Tom Feeler before I get into the great Robert Stein back home day. And I just go and Bobby, one of the great columns in history. What a joke. And he's a dealer's honor. This is the same guy that went after Gary Hart running around in his yellow trench coat because Gary Hart challenged the media. Oh, come watch me. And I'm not that dissident around that of course down the rice. And he would be dealing around Tom Feeler was the one who was running around and hiding in the bushes, lacking in the bushes. And he, so he's the perfect guy to ask, speaking of bushes, about George W. And his cocaine, my mythical problem. And he comes on there yesterday to put him on for like a minute. Oh, I don't think it's anybody's business. Nobody can. And here comes like Seaman's on after the piece end. Oh, what a refreshing change you've added to Tom Feeler. A refreshing change you've added to it. So in other words, if somebody's getting blow jobs or something up there in Washington, in their private sex life, that was supposed to find out about. But if somebody maybe did some cocaine or had a serious booze problem, these are things we're not concerned about. If we want to put him in a white house and put their finger on a button, you're in beside you, idiot you. What a moron. Tom Feeler. He's an asshole. Yeah, he's one of the reasons he had a turtle board at the airport, they heard a such a joke. Go find your yellow trench coat again, Tom. Okay, you in basil. Maybe you and Tom, maybe you and I, Seaman, can't at low. You old-futty, dirty fool you. You silly person you. What a refreshing change you added. Yeah, well guess what, the American people don't have it to agree. They had the pull under this morning and number three thing that the public does want to know about is if one of the candidates didn't have a drug problem. We're not talking about smoking a little weed 20 years ago. We're talking about a drug problem. Not only will George W. not answer the question, but now his new deal is, wait till you hear this. The new deal is, well, he isn't going to respond anything that happened before the age of 28. That's like Henry hide about his youthful indiscretions when he was only in his early 40s, you know? It's youthful indiscretions. How old do you have to be like, about 95? Before you become a church, you responsible for your own actions. Before you finally showed your wild holl and oats. Is that what it's all about? What a piece of crap, George W. See, the only reason that he's got those big plundit numbers now is because nobody knows anything about him. And Algorso boring. And his name is Booch. But once they started fighting, remember Michael DuCoccus had real big numbers too once upon a time against the other Booch. And then all of a sudden everybody found out what little poop he was and it, he was so much more like a doggy, not him. Way to lay fight out about George W. Or he's coming from with his real right wing anti-human stance. And what he's done in Texas, by the way. For the social programs there. But nevertheless, so in other words, the implication is that maybe he did do some coke when he was 27 or 27 and a half or 27 and three quarters or the day before he turned 28. But he's not going to answer any questions about anything he did or who he screwed or how much Boosie drank or how many nervous breakdowns he had. Before he was 28. Well, you know what? People are going to accept that. Unacceptable. Unbelievable. We're supposed to be really pleased and proud of Tom Fieler at the hero that he's got this refreshing new attitude. I'll guess what? The public ain't buying it. Okay. You silly old person. You silly old fool, Ike's demons. And some of the people on this station. We would be next to you if we had a little bit more common stance. That was funny. Ike in bed with Ike demons rolling around with him grabbing every part he can get a hold of even his echo. Oh, God, what a thought. By the way, I'll be here to ruin George will be here. No, because I mean, this is a little bit of a sensitive thing. But no, seriously, Zimfer of course is other commitments in Philadelphia since he doesn't really work down here or work for this radio station as you know. So they were flying me out to San Diego to do the game tomorrow night with managed to dolphin the charger game. So I got a hop on a plan to get out there, which is the last thing in the world I need to do is go to a beautiful place like San Diego when I could be here. You know what I'm saying? But nevertheless, new and George will be on for two hours. That's especially for that little spit out there that always gets psychotic when George is on. That's especially for you. And he's already squeezing himself out there that kid just during your name the fact that you'll be on as soon as he hears your voice. So be squeezing heavy duty. Good luck to you, pal. Amen. It's past tense. So I better hurry up and talk fast because they only got a couple hours because they got a lot of stuff here today, baby. I got a full plate. We don't have time to your bull crap about time to like us. Okay, sir. That's why I'm glad I got that other way right off the bat. This guy wasn't such a big hurry. That's not that bad. But yeah, another yenta in training. We don't need any more yentas. Okay. Get with the program. Nobody gives a crap about what he has to say or Paul Castro over has to say. They're concerned about what I have to say. You don't want to talk about it about. Oh, God. FNA, baby. This counts it up and listen. The world sits up and listens when I get on here and they open up my big fat damn mouth. That's right. Even over there in London, although silly, pricey idiots over there, those poor reprised factored that we feel so sorry for it. They're sitting upright right now. We're reaching around try to grab something if they only had the equipment. They're so excited about my being on here. All the rest of Europe, they're six hours out of us. England, they're only five hours out of us. Not anything into a geography. It has to do with the fact that they're an hour behind the rest of the world. Which translates to like a million years. So, where'd we come from? From play with these cities. Okay. I don't know if it's enough. I don't know if it's enough. I left it, please. I've always loved this album. It's not a big hit, it's a big hit. I love this album. I love this album. And you can't let go of it. You've been right now. Why would you treat yourself? I hope that's the way. You're always working. So, with these hits on time. Because I'm the day in trade up. I love this album. And I love this album. I love this album. Because they're right now. Okay, it's the 1014 at 5. I'm going to do it. I've got so much stuff on the play here. Let me take this quick call. Mobile in Miami. Good morning. Yes, sir. We have a little conversation about yesterday about the teacher. How young is two young? Yeah. Why not? I want more to say about that. Well, I guess eighth grade. Here locally in a junior high school. And I had the biggest crush on my math teacher. She's to come and watch our soccer games and know it's cool and all that. So, one night, you know, one thing that's for another after a soccer game. And next thing I know, it was home with her and her husband. Score, score, yeah. Your hander husband. I end the husband. And, um, which was, no, no, no, no, our college, already, thing involved. I got for that. Yeah, this went on through the whole school year. Yeah. And needless to say, I went through her class with an A1A, which was, you know, that was a beautiful thing. And if I'd like to, I'd like to get a shameless request and dedicate heart Decks and misses that. Okay. Norris, mind me, junior high school. Okay, sweetheart. Thank you. Bob, I, but the end this is est. He left the nister out of course. I guess he was just in the middle. So, anyway, I'll get back to that in a second. I want to, I didn't mention it all. Yesterday, if there's anybody who doubted that, there's a gagging stop. Let me tell you right now that yesterday was the proof we need to thank God, he was on for just a short time. Was I barbecue, was I getting barbecue, was I just barbecue? Well, that's, that's good. That's good. Because if it's by Neil, that's good. Because it means you are on the radar screen. And, and, and there's so much competition in this town that that you got to get recognized because that's good. And, and that was the best part of our show. That was the highlight. I mean, seriously, the fact that this radio station put that man on the ear in the middle of the day, if they bad enough, we put the Marlon James. At least we're contractually obligated for that. We have no choice, okay? So, that because we only paid billions of dollars for the right to put that Swill on the ear and destroy our ratings and cost us a lot of money. But that's a contractual thing. But to think that we would put Joseph Gakia. I would rather hear that, you know, something, we could have played Manage Things, volumes one and two over and over again on an endless loop for two and half hours and had triple the audience we had for Joseph Gakia. Yesterday, between two and four thirty. Yeah, you were just barbecue, you were spit roasted, okay, Joe? You suck, you're an embarrassment. Maybe you and I seem to be in a loop. And take that time fever with you, by the way. You can all kind of hide in that big gigantic yellow trench coat ears in the bushes. The Gantzimish Baja. God, just embarrassing. In fact, I'm going to tell you something. Once people hear me do that game because I did broadcast the course, College Football for years, Albe and College All of that College, many, many years. And Michigan. And the winner here me do that game out. I'll be surprised if it's one of those walley lending or glove kind of deals, you know? Walley Pipp and Lou Geer never saw walley Pipp again. Bill's simple. You may be sorry that you had those contracts or obligations with WIP and Philadelphia and couldn't make it out to San Diego tomorrow. And I understand, I've never been there. I understand it's a great town is what I hear. San Diego, I'm sure it's great. So we'll see what happens tomorrow night. It's going to be fantastic. I know the mad dog is going to be. In fact, he'll be on from San Diego this afternoon. He might actually have some comments about that. He'll be on from 2 to 5 this afternoon. Do it as sure from San Diego. Manage is topic this afternoon. By the way, we'll be. How young is too young. So when we get back to that, here is one of the great columns and a Fred Grim lately's written some great columns, Carl Heisen stop writing about manatees long enough to write two or three good columns already the last few months. And what about that Sue Ryzenberg, which I thought she was just another old funny daddy. She's written a couple of great columns. So in between the two newspapers, even though the paper suck and the editorial boards are a laughing stock in the shows like Tom Fieler, we got a few columnists with some balls like Robert Steinbeck. How's that radio show coming along? Robert heard that lately? No, but nevertheless, not a good column, Robert. A great column in this morning's hero, which I'll read. Okay. VSO, bus sex or Jesus says, the Howard County morality police have received the local rebuked from the public for intruding into people's private lives. The setback for the morality police, I mean the a Howard Sheriff's Office, he says. And Voms of January 17th, right of Athena's former members only swingers club and Pompeo Beach. Two of the three, when people arrested were high school teachers until the Howard project, the Howard protect the morals of children by peeping into people's sex lives board. I mean the Howard County school board suspended them without pay August 3. That's a great line. The Howard protect the morals of children by peeping into people's sex lives board. After being pummeled by two weeks of national and local ridicule, board members reverse themselves to and allowed the teachers to continue his paid employees, although the morality police and truth may have ruined their careers as classroom teachers. The teachers have been named and media reports something I won't repeat. One, a 15 year veteran was arrested for engaging in oral sex with his wife, where are the pillories when you need them? The other was named in the middle of a nude erotic dance with another patron. Anybody see a crime here? I don't. He says, the suspension's reach of unfairness. The state ethics code for teachers prohibits conduct inconsistent with the standards of public conscience and good morals, carrying on your sex life and private seems fully consistent with that standard. Teachers also must not bring themselves or the professional public disgrace or disrespect, but they didn't. The morality police did. Maybe the board should make sure of Ken Jenny stay after school for a month. And by the way, I got a lot more to say about that, not too bad to do. Ken Jenny is going to make all of his predecessors seem like good Samaritan. That's how tages he is. It goes on to say any sexual act will be considered looted if performed in front of people who didn't want to witness it, but if two consenting adults want to perform before a well-screen audience, can their behavior be considered looted? No. Still the school board initially concluded that the pairs behavior at the club made them unfit to teach. Hey, you never know when a high school class might be on a field trip to a swingers club, and you simply can't run the risk of finding a teacher there. The Athena's forum bust was one of two winter rates conducted by the morality police. On February 3, officers arrested 24 papers and employees at Trapies 2 and 4 Lodderdale. The hooded raiders wouldn't allow patrons to dress, forcing them to stand for 90 minutes covered only by towels. One, I am Bivalent Raider Howard, put the matter into excellent perspective asking aloud, what am I doing here? The view was different from the top immediately after the raids became public knowledge on February 7, the Athena's raid wasn't made public until then. Jenny's office proudly declared more operations are planned for the future, but then the embarrassment factor hit. Of the ten couples arrested in charge with loodiness, nine were married and having sex with each other, among them were a BSO corrections officer, a four Lodderdale patrol officer and his wife, who was a civilian employee of the Oakland Park police. Oh, within days Jenny was sputtering the nails that he authorized the Athena's raid, contraending statements made by field commanders. Finally, Jenny declared, we're not in the business of trying to raid these places on a regular basis. There haven't been any raids since, have the morality police gotten to clue finally, Robert Steinbeck asked him to answer his, no, but nevertheless. Local authorities have a right to regulate and investigate business practices, businesses violating the law can be cited or shut down, but going after patrons who in good conscience, field are behaving lawfully in a private club is simple harassment, and it isn't fair for victims of harassment to pay with their jobs. What a great column rubber Steinbeck, almost sent to the world, okay? That's exactly the way it is. Unlike that bullcrap at a toilet in a herald a couple days ago, about semi public orgies, that's the time fever garbage on a editorial page. What they ought to do is dump the editorial page in the op-ed page and just let some of the column is over there, put their stuff on there. As a fourth reading William Sapphire and Cal Thomas on over right when you swill, they put in a roll of thought. And isn't it interesting, by the way, since we had that one good intention cop that called yesterday, that's so upset about public, you know, for perceptions of police officers, and you know something, I, yeah, a good cop is hard to find. We love good cops, we respect you, we appreciate you, but it's hard to find. Because director showed you the hypocrisy again, not only did we have the story and can't go down there, and got only those how many of these cops were involved in that from what we hear a lot from all over soft Florida with the miners. But now we got deputies like to sex scandals with interns in Okalusa County, Shalom, however, to hell that is. Three Okalusa County Sheriff deputies had sex with high school interns, while on duty and provided the two day marriages with alcohol, according to an internal investigation report. Two of the deputies have resigned, a third is under suspension and faces discrimination, all three worked in a craft few area. The report released Wednesday says the teens ages 17 and 18 when they became interns last year had a reputation as police groupies, and that another deputy said he turned down sexual advances from the younger teenager. Investigators wrote that criminal charges are unlikely because the internal claims she had sex with the two resigned deputies when she was 17 is not willing to seek prosecution both women are now a year older. Chief assistance state attorney Chuck Williams, however, said prosecutors are not rolling out charges and will do their own investigation, including an interview with the younger team before making any decision. And here by the way, a cementer thing information which I was nowhere up, listen closely, okay, because it ties in with all of these things that have been in the news that we've been talking about the last few days. Underfloor to law, it is a felony for someone over 24 to have sex with a person aged 16 or 17 and all instances the sex was found open consent will said sheriff Charlie Morris, but let me say it again. Underfloor to law, it is a felony not a misdemeanor not unknown not a nasty not please don't do it again. It is a felony for someone over the age of 24 to have sex with a person aged 16 or 17. How do you like that? Now one thing I will say about the teacher before we get out of that. We turn to self and yesterday while we were on the year. He does have lawyers and of course the lawyer is saying what you'd expect him to say. Oh, and this is all over whether you'll find out the real fact there was no sex in the word no drugs no booze etc. And she has a right to her day in court, but the only press the more you look at this story the more bizarre it becomes. And just like the caller we had a few minutes ago, a lot of guys out there had sex with their female teachers and a lot of guys wish that they did. But this is more than that. The story becomes a wicked web here. Because comes to find out that the stepfather and stepmother of the 14 year old boy who's now 16 moved into the Hollywood condo. The Hollywood condo of the teacher along with the younger son and here is the whole the got the mishpa living together in the condo there. And she is accused of giving him and his friends drugs. Marijuana big deal. Coke, acid, alcohol, cash, taking him on weekend trips throughout the state and then of course buying in that car. And a lot of guys are saying, all right. And you can make a big joke out of it if you want to but as far as I'm concerned if the allegations are true this woman needs to be put away for a long long time. And addition to which there also should be investigation of these so-called step parents. It's one thing to be naive it's another thing to be a little bit slow. But what will kind of an arrangement is that. That's the whole family this kind of moved in with this teacher who's got a great background by the way. Graduated magna cum laude from very university in 1979. taught for three years at Piper Hollywood Hills, Hall of the High Schools while a French and Spanish teacher at Hall of the High. Led 50 students on two field trips to Europe, etc. and so on. Pursuit a lot of great Nova Southeast and taught students at Jones College and Anna. I mean, a very very amazing resume. But nevertheless, there's all kinds of being smart. Some people are book smart and very stupid in other ways. You know what I'm talking about? How young is too young? Exactly. But she deserves her day in court then put her way I say if it's true for about 50 years will be good for starters. Oh, a lun so you're so big. I'm one happy guy. She's packing her bag. Oh, you're a reason I'll leave me for. No, you're no you're. I'm waving goodbye. Where I'm going to be. Rudy Julie, I mean she's got to think. New yards, New yards. I want to wake up in the wildhouse and be all alone. And find there's no sign of hell. The bitch and her mom. No more evil eyes. I won't hear her name. Her run will make my life so sweet. New yards, New yards. If you are left, her pair shall be out of my hair. If I'm to you, New yard, New yard. She's gone all wake up in a steady, so far away. Wow, she's on capital hill. I'll play golf all day. Yeah, I can read time. I'm a pretty art, but wow, she goes to work. This kick will make my life so sweet. New yard, New yard. Hold the way away. Her pair, get her out of my hair. Oh, please, I'm rude. New yard, New yard. Come on, baby. Wow, she's on her head. 33 at 56. Here's another thanks from England. You believe it needs this one from Scotland. Last year, University does say time 1430, which would have been correct at 930. But anyway, it says, oh, hello. And now I believe it. The discussion about the teacher yesterday was quite interesting. We had a situation similar that a couple of months back where I'm Mr. In an elite grammar school in Glasgow. I've used a position by having intimate sex with one of the pupils. I must say she was a finalick and chick. Every schoolboy's dream. She lost her job and had the audacity to sell her story to the media. The report Murdoch News of the world. She described it as the best sex he ever had. She was in her late 30s. When you got to bring your show to Britain, the BBC's full of crap. Ian McDonald, Glasgow University in Scotland. Do we believe that? Thanks. Well, we're thinking about it. I was going in. Tellyho, I watched out for that spot a dick. It'll kill you every time. So anyway, here we have this real daily. My hon. One hand, we've got just about everybody in a brother's. Okay, we think it's a good idea for the guys that have sex with their female teachers. Because it's a real sexist world anyway. Girls do it in the, you know, the fathers of those girls are going to go out there and hold a features away. That's bad. Yeah, that'd be bad. It's just like I tell all you kids out there. You know, blowing somebody away. That's okay. America getting blown. That's real a bad. That's evil. A lot of blown go out in this country. It's just all the fans on who's getting it. Including any oral office. Oh, by the way, I want to say congratulations. My close personal friend Barry Jankas. Somebody must be getting the barrier over there. Very at the, Harold. First, I dig puppies on that dog managed. Who was just a shock when he saw it. Oh, my God. Yeah, a couple of weeks ago. And now we got this puppy son, our good buddy Mark Vanderbilt, who was brought in here to do Her Cones Sports. We met a couple of weeks ago. It was a great guy. And I'm sure he's going to do a spectacular job. Nice going, Mark. The only problem Mark's got he's settled with the, you know, who's doing the color on those games. Yeah, color. I was just sitting next to him in the magic room. By the way, next to who Mark. Oh, Mark. Mark Vanderbilt. We're sitting next to him in the toilet. It was in stereo. On the throne. Plane. How did they smell? Kind of, I got there first, so I could always smell them. Kind of in England, I guess that's where he's from. Oh, yeah, I've got that no doubt. That child of flavor. But at any rate, welcome aboard Mark. He's a good guy. We wish him all the luck in the world. He's you're going to be a big improvement over the end. Before even though Dave Lamont's a good guy in a friend of mine, that screaming yelling, carrying on and stabbing something in the back. Just didn't contribute to getting you a job in perpetuity there with the hercones. So see, we do have a good guy aboard here. Even though like I started to say before you said, we're leading a rupted me with your solubcessionaire. He's saddled with the fact that color will be done by. That was like saying that our, you know, our social director Charles Manson shows a gacky doing color. How can someone as colorless as dull as lackluster as swivel mouth possibly be considered a color man on any block. So anyway, a second teen claims sex with teacher in Broward in 19 year old boy told Hollywood detective yesterday. He had sex with that Broward public school teacher three years ago, making him the second student of accused the teacher. That's readman age 40 who's got that impressive resume. I told him about a few minutes ago. And on and on a goes near attorney say there was those sex, no drugs, no nothing. Now the part that I find very distilled while I mean several parts very disturbing. This was at the Emerald Oaks neighborhood west of Topicigni, a young, the park. I call T. Y. Park, who else can say Topicigni, I'm the anyway and what that does that mean T. Y. Park. I saw all these guys working on a car in her driveway said Ivan Cousini, vice president of the Emerald Oaks condo association. I had to talk to her then and when the music was being played too loud. The condo association also recommended Friedman of Broward School teacher for nine years about having a family. The mother her 14 year old son on the younger son, sharing her townhouse. It was that 14 year old Friedman's accused of having an affair with. The family and Friedman moved out shortly after. The lawyer, who was the first one in the university. The lawyer and the lawyer said, they think Friedman regularly had sex with the boy while he and his mother and brother live with the teacher for nine months. The boys now 16. The boy is now 16. Obviously, people are wondering now that he's 16. How young is too young? The boys parent, I hear you coming to the good part. The boys parents went to police in mid June with their complaint. And the viral interview the boy began investigating. And the boy was so stupid that the boy was a guy and the boy's mother said, He told me no one would believe me and I would go to jail. Are we really can't hate her though the mother said? I feel hurt because he hurt my child and betrayed me. She was supposed to be my friend. The acquaintances in college described Friedman as an overreacher and as somewhat on orthodox teacher. The letter students have fun and flout the rules. Flout, not flute, flout. So there you go. On a one hand, this is kind of an ambivalent. It's a really murky thing here for a lot of people out there. Every male and the audience, every male and the sound float, every male all over the world. But only from that the facts from Glasgow, they're hot to try. They have sex with an older woman. They want to do their misses robins and things. They think that's fine. It's great. No harm, no foul. But nevertheless, the drugs, that's what the problem. That's where the sugar and the wood pile comes in. The drugs and all of these other things. A ledge, of course. The lining of the ledge. She deserves her day in court, like I said. And that of course, if convicted, I say 120 years would be, it would be, you know, maybe sufficient. Maybe a little more. You haven't sh**t like this. Hey, you want a run faster? Jump higher and make the blind see a jam. There. Why? You want to move like the wind. So like an eagle and raise people from that dead. Yeah. Yeah. That is only one skill and all too. You know, new hair. He's this. He's this. He's this. He's this. There. What the little dude for your game is up here, R school. Oh. Oh. Oh. Wow. He's this. What are you. Airpiece. Yeah. Why? You just put on the button, man. Oh. Oh. Can't you find me? I'm in the costume. Come on. We're going to go. We're going to go. If you want to go the same thing for fear, Jesus lines in the store. The net good. The kitchen jam is filled with apioc, dear. Clean laid in the steam. So every part of your body is always walking on one layer. So like not responsible for anyone in jail, but they turn to a lie and come excuse. Look for the all new air, Jesus prostrators. There Jesus, He'll make you feel like you want again. 4, 4, 5, 50, W. Q, M. Thanks for the effects on stevia by the way. Somebody. This is the Sweden which of course is used in South American and Japan and all over Europe and is a safe and not the English-speaking as per team and Sacramento and stuff like that and doesn't cause cancer and laboratory animals or anybody else But nevertheless the FDA got a lot of complaints about it from the companies that manufacture the poisonous stuff and so on as a result All you can do is buy Steve as a natural herbal Supplement in health food stores, but not like in your supermarket Because if it's good for you if it's safe and it's a competition all that commercial crap the FDA is there to protect not your interest But the commercial interest. That's what America is all about just keep that in mind, okay? Ah next time they tell you what's good for you and what's not and how they're trying to protect you by making like weed illegal and things like that anybody believes that no No Just another way to make for you know to justify a lot of jobs out there that the EA baby can you imagine what would happen? All those people will be unemployed some of those guys can even be flipping hamburgers in McDonald's Here's tape coral. Hello These are something I'm going to take a hammer to these buttons every time because I know I'm yankin a Cape Coral hello Yeah, yeah, yes, sir. Are you doing okay an honor to speak with you? This is long time was mayor all right First time I've had a chance to talk to you where do I go? Be patient with me help the surgeon as far as this goes anyways Let's see what I call for Oh, I'm a Donald Brown boy Oh, well the first story I had for you. I had a math teacher back in high school that I probably could have gotten but I was too shy to deal with at the time. Oh, that's what I was my original question. You're actually doing the game tomorrow. Yeah, well what time is that? I'll be tuned in just for that. I don't even care about the game. Okay, sweet. Can I get a shameless request and a douche bag? Go ahead. Uh, Marty takes a dump from my three-year-old daughter and Jason you're a pool tile laying douche bag. Okay, thanks for the good material. Thank you. Okay. 560560 pound-560 on a mobile one. Well, if you're compelled, I'm only going to be here with no one. George is going to be on the two. I got to catch that plane to San Diego. 560560 pound-560 on a mobile one line. Here's what's Palm Beach, Ella. Neil God. Speaking. How are you? Okay. August 20th. Today's my birthday. Really? It is. I need a birthday song. Birthday song? How about? I got that. That's all done. That's perfect. Okay. In today's edition of the Palm Beach Post are the 100 best and worst songs of the century. Really? What do you think the best? The number one best song of the century is. Yummy yummy yummy by the 1910 Fruit Town Company. I think I wrote you the white part for the island. I'm so lonesome I could cry. I can cry just hearing you tell me that. Oh my god. Now the number one worst song of the century. I'd rather hear Hank Goldberg sing up at Hank Winn. Yeah. The worst. Haven't my baby by Paul Anke. That's one of the worst songs? That is according to this list. That's the one of the worst songs? That is according to this list. That's the bad song. But it's not one of the all-time worst. Well number two is he can break your heart. Yeah. I would go along with that. Anyway. Now how come we don't have that? I didn't see that in any of our papers. This is in the TGIF Friday section of the Palm Beach Post. Maybe somebody else texted to us. It's kind of large otherwise I wouldn't go through a fax machine. Yeah. But anyway. Keep up a good work. Love you. Thanks. Thank you. Hank Williams Jr. Oh man. And they see that these kinds of things are great because they're stimulating a long kind of a stationary argument. And there's no point to it. It's all subjective. How about the 5,000 best songs and the 50,000 worst songs of all time? That'll kill some good time. Lots of open lines here. We only got an hour. Let me know if it's to go for your very, very desperately needed comments on these important social issues. And you can find us here in these turbulent times. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound 5, 60, animal mobile one line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. You know who I am? This is Murky calling from the Hilton. We're a bunch of nurses over here that we're bored and we want to hear the red cox beer song. Yeah. Will you put it on? I'll think about it. Please. Okay. Thank you. See you. I'm not going to say anything. They're going to do a request. Is that what this is? No. Just all requests Friday. No. It's not. I've just been 45 minutes here. Puking my gut, I'm pouring my heart out. Putting my brains on a plate and just stirring them here. Right in the right in front of the audience. Can we hear? Can we do the time is it do you speak? See, this is the reason that your kid is nobody cares about your kid? Every time I go on doing a pair of shirts, you know, the people listen to this program contrary to some popular opinion out there. Most of them are like young married couples, middle aged married couples with teenagers, with little kids and to see them all the time. I'm in public yesterday. Well, mother comes in with her little son. I'd say about eight or nine years old. How you doing, Neil? Not her or the kid. But for some strange reason, mom is the word on this baby. They don't care about these things. These are nothing. And let me say it to you again. Okay. Just remember when I'm the one at 20 here. I've been telling this for last few months. Can Jenny is going to make all of his predecessors, including Nick Navarro and Bob Butterworth and Edge deck. He's going to make all of them look like good Samarron before he gets done. This man wants to outrooty Rudy Giuliani. He wants to be the moral leader of Howard County. He wants to close down Airbnb strip joint, Airbnb sex club, Airbnb adult joint, Airbnb bookstore, everything. Pretty soon we'll have to go ahead and then bedroom police. There'll be SWAT teams breaking into your bedroom to a clock in a morning to see what position you're in and who's being out of your nice and check an ID into the mirror's license and crap like that. Because this man is a maniac, a card carrying full fledged Nazi bastard Ken Jenny. And I don't give a crap. What is political affiliation is you know something if it looks like an asshole and smells like one it's an asshole. There is no doubt. He's an asshole. Like I just said, that's Ken Jenny. Just the last thing we needed in Howard County and just like I said yesterday, every time you think of make a little progress in his backwards got forsaken country, you start moving back in a stone age. Just like this in office, where the hell did he come from? Lunatic. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing great? You probably not going to believe this but my girlfriend for about the last year was roommates with this teacher about eight years ago. I so believe it. Yeah. And there's a lot different spin that the media is not photographing. Yeah. And of course it wouldn't help building the case of a teacher who's also a lawyer who they want to portray the sexual predator and all this once he actually met this kid. The kid was homeless. The family wasn't taking care of him. She was the one that helped him find his mother. Yeah. The whole family story sounds very, very bizarre to me. It sounds like a trailer trash kind of story to me. Anyway, I'm sure that my girlfriend doesn't know all the details because she's someone that doesn't do all the questioning. She does not have any questions. So assuming that these other allegations are true, what is what you have to, what is what you're telling me, have to do with somebody providing drugs and doing all of the assuming they're true. No, no, no, the drugs, the drugs she never did drugs. Okay, she was always a depressed person but she never did drugs. I'm not saying that there were or there weren't drugs in the relationship but I'm sure there were and if there was a relationship they weren't being brought into them into the relationship by her. Okay, she helped them out financially. She found the mother. The mother came and lived with them. Yeah. Okay. They had an arrangement. They lived together for a while. They wasn't a sexual arrangement by the way. But the mother wasn't a sexual arrangement. No, the arrangement that you have had. We were sleeping in a house. No, because my girlfriend recently spoke with her. Yeah. And it wasn't a sexual arrangement. It was something that the mother had to pay financially and she didn't keep their end of the bargain. So when she kicked them out, now is then all the allegations are coming and surfacing. When she kicked them out, how come the condo board in that place is that they're the ones that forced her to kick them out? Because because having them live with them, they had music there. They're in a great condo association. They'll allow you to bring just anybody that you want. But you just said she kicked them out because they weren't paying their end of the, uh, well, it's a lot of fun. Absolutely. That's what that's all. And in other words, it's more than me to the eye. And that's what I said when I started going there. It's a very convoluted story, right? Absolutely. More than I know and more than, you know, but the, but the media is that thing, the whole background of everything that is going on. I already plastered a picture on a front page. It's an arrow and the, so the assumption is that they put her house into her mother's house because they obviously looked at, like, they're well off families, you know, and they want to portray her as a sexual predator. Yeah. And I'm really not even saying that there was a lot about the 19 year old kid that just came forward and said that he had sex with him three years ago. That I, that I really don't know about. Okay. Okay. So there's more than me to the eye. Okay. I agree with that. You take it easy. Thanks. Okay. So there you go. You can, like, examine all of this and digest it and she would up and spit it out. I would hope. Especially, uh, here's a alien plantation. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. I'm Jennifer McMahon and my uncle Steve told me that you're in, in log with the back of your boys. Yeah. I'm so I love with them too. And I just had a call you and say that my room is like, World War in my ceiling of posters with them. Right. And we're going to the conference. We're going to the conference. All right. I'll be there. So we aren't. You are. We're going to. What do you mean, what shows September 15 at the Madre? We get the first one. Oh, yeah. First of 14. What? There's a, there's a, they have a second show, which they made for September 14th. And that's the first show. September 14. Yeah. Well, where did you hear that? Well, we got tickets. We waited like $6 in line for these tickets. How come, uh, nobody else has heard about this. I thought the first show on the whole US tour was September 15th. We went. Yeah. It was supposed to be the original first show. Right. But when they sold out of the first show, they had the second show and they made it for the 14th. Right. So we got the second show. I'm, that's what I got. I mean, the first show. Well, I got the second one, so we'll even it out. And there you go. Okay. We got good seats too. Did you get good seats? Right in the front row. Oh. We should have been with you, Neil. That's right. Well, I'll give Nick a big kiss for you. Yeah. Okay. And Brian. All right. And I'll buy it. Okay. See you. And AJ and Holly. Okay. There you go. That was a lot better than that picture. Call the other day. I mean, there's another team there. I'm going to get a clear about a half an hour of the listening to you. Yeah. First of all, Nick Carter has more talents in his white clothes than you will ever have. And he's not a pineapple. Have you stupid, exact bag? Thank you. She's still pissed off. You know what I'm saying? She's still on some side. I'm on side. Hey, listen. I hate to break the news to you. Sweetheart. But Nick and I are pretty tight. You know how to get to graphic. But you know what I'm saying? Oh. Don't you keep your hands on your head. Who's on your tail? Do you wear your finger? You wear your family suffered from things. The makers of Zyfan wants you to know about a miracle drug that helps you deal with the symptoms of various things. Zyfan. Winner of the Department of Health's prestigious longest-listed side effects award for two years running. Zyfan. Talk to your doctor today. Some swelling, the brain, victims and lives in various glands and docs. Same always, why two gay history, attendations and plays a low-chissive and associated with a use of Zyfan. Other possible side effects include fines, days in his loss of weight, loss of color, loss of key strength in the hair. The version displaying music sound is a nice effect. Talking like Roger E.B. It's your organ exploding head and the galt. Some patients have reported blurred vision for only talking that's driving. Same in the phrase, good to go. Knock news. Both in bones, monkey, eyebrow, makeup, high cholesterol, low steam. Let packing cost dry. He's soft, rounded, sexy. Clot, watching, and recording. A more significant number of side end users are reporting vocational thoughts of chest pain. When, possibly, his cousin can take greasy forehead, twisting the litter. It's fine straight and told in the line, headaches, muscle and ecloid aches. And his gas cousin, M.S. and Staring, and working. The other consumer's is decided to have a website at www.cyfancytifes.are you kidding me? Question mark.org. Zyfan, keep away from cats dogs. Thanks, children, the young at heart and goats. Zyfan, that is important days. Thanks. Thanks. It's 102.05.60WQ. I'm so sure, here's the list of best and the worst songs of all time. Number one best song. The only one that's been picked up is the one that's been picked up. The only one that's been picked up is the one that's been picked up. The only one that's been picked up is the one that's been picked up. The only one that's been picked up is the one that's been picked up. The only one that's been picked up is the one that's been picked up. The only one that's been picked up is the one that's been picked up. The only one that's been picked up is the one that's been picked up. No one with dozen matters. It's just one on the right. All I know is the name. Yeah. I will meet you. Tonight. All right. When you see this list, when you read this list, you're going to wonder what kind of Luma ticks. Every time one of these lists come out, I think it's just a piss off the public. Now, who made this list up? This is a critic has decided to go out on the limb and pick 100 best and worst recordings or a century. Let the arguments begin. Who is the critic? Who is the person? Who is the critic? I'm a redness thing and reading this thing. They facted it to me and it doesn't say that I'm critic. We know what's the point. Number one best song of all time. I'm so long so I could cry by Hank Williams. Number two. Oh, you know something this list makes me so psychotic. Thank God it's only in the Palm Beach post. This has got to be a comedy list. Number two. Highway Patrolman by Bruce Springsteen. Number three, will you love me tomorrow by Carol King? Not by the shurels by Carol King, okay? I need to remember Carol King recording will you love me tomorrow? Proud Mary by Icantina Turner. Not by Queen's clear water but by Icantina Turner. Whole lot of rosy by ACDC to sur with love by Lulu. People who died by Jim Carroll. Here's a clown by Smokey Robinson. Summer wind by Frank Sinatra. And if it's worse from there. If it's worse from there. Oh my God. And they put this in a paper. The best list of all time. Whole lot of rosy. And the worst songs of all time. Haven't my baby by ball at which I did despise that song. But nevertheless, ACDC heart by Billy Ray Cyrus, which I would certainly go along with anything that he anything had to do with Billy Ray Cyrus will make me puke. Penny Lane by the Beatles is the third worst record of all the. What the hell is wrong with Penny Lane, huh? Taste like a penny to me. I am woman by Helen ready. Now you're starting to heat up a little bit. Okay, you're getting close. Seedens in the Sun by Terry Jack. Now the worst list is starting to take shape. Oh, people are strange by the doors. You know what I got to see to this list. God. And here's the second page here's the rest of men. Well, I'm going to save this for Monday. This just makes this just frost my fat pimple old ass. God, dammit. And for certain, now I can't. I now I can see why it doesn't say who to help put this together. It's just, is this critic not send us your thoughts of the best in worse degree of disagree, et cetera, and so on. It's got an email address. All I see by Michael Quarkrin and whoever that is, we're supposed to know that it is. Palm Beach Post Cox News Service see it from the Cox people. And if you ever live into the coast, I would say when you hear all those glory as Stefan and Michael Bolton records how crappy their paintings is over there at the. Coast. Man. There are songs on here on his bench list. I never heard of before. And something that I would hope never to hear again, people are strange by the doors is the six worst record of all time. That should be in the top 25 best. Yeah. Got him getting emotional about this. Rico Swave by Gerardo. On the worst list. Bad to the bone by George Thurgood is one of the all time worst records. No. Here's a mobile and four-later day. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. There was a wonderful show last night on the World History Channel on the Eastern Cultures back in the 16th, 15th century. I know Japan and India. And there are wonderful harmony with sexuality and the earth and life. Yeah, not being in the country. But it was excellent. Well, in order to make those two billion people, they must have a lot of harmony. Yeah. But there is also, I happen to mention that I know that you're hung like a mouse. But anyway, yes. I know the genie and the Mrs. Jenny is a very sweet, lovely attractor sexy woman who is a developing or roviye, roviye because of her husband's extreme prudetionist. And it's a shame because I'm sure that he's pretty much at home the way he is in the rest of the world. He's a lunatic. He is. He is a sexual paranoid. This country we get loose at some point. This man wants to be the dictator of the state of Florida. Not just South Florida. This man in business and self is the morality dictator of the entire state. It's incredible. You know, you talk a lot about the churches and everything. Out of this country is just so sick and so far behind. It's absolutely amazing. And the Europeans just why do you think I go to your 400 times the other people over the day to laugh at us? They say you people are in the stone age man. Get with it. I agree with it. Say how to get. Tell them we'll get in the 20th century. BC. Yeah, there you go. It's almost the end of the millennium. So they tell us even though we know better than that, but nevertheless. And we got a crazy man like Ken Jenny up there in Broward County running around. Oh, you got to close this place down to close that place down to people are touching in there. And people are getting turd you in there. Just what we needed, baby, was a guy that made Nick Navarro. We made us Jones for Nick Navarro. Please come back Nick. We didn't like you too much, but please come back. We'll give it another chance. Man. Never thought I would say that. I have my nose up, Neal's ass. How young is too young. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. But I know that you keep on getting my heart. I play you, come to me again. And you're my breath, and I'm my 30 years. And come on to me again, let's pretend to my age. All right. And it's time to start. But if you want my candy, you know everything for my man, everything can do. Oh. I'm on the way. Yeah. I'm the one who should get a baby. But you could throw the candy, but we might need it. Oh. So when you're the friend of me, she was 25, but she's just a few. I'm the one who's the three. Daddy told her, come back. I bet I'll perfect you, man. Because I'll get the candy. Come on, my girl. Which one? Squared Squared. And I'd like to hang around. Welcome. Oh. Oh. She's a very cute baby. She's a pretty fine. She should be scared of food. Yeah. And the new world in St.Pen Bayers and Dine of mine. But I'm the one who should look in my bag. Come on, baby. Come play with these chiddies. It's 11.15 at 5. It's at WQM. Anyway, you know, yesterday the cop that called an A, I feel for him because he sounded like a decent guy. It may never be still more than a caboose. But at any rate, the fact is that you're wrong, sir. The job of people in law enforcement is not to enforce the law. Serving protect. I had it right. You got it wrong. Because they're eight vinean laws. Most of them are cake and obsolete. And should never have been on the books in the first place. Most of them are there for the purpose of harassing the public. That's not what we pay taxes to pay your salary for to be harassed. And I'm re-reading this thing in a once-through about the deputies in the sex scandal. Underfloor to law is a felony for someone over 24 to have sex with a person aged 16 or 17. So in other words, if you're 25, 25 year old guy have sex with a 17 year old chick or if you're a 25 year old young woman and have sex with a 17 year old guy, you're going to jail. It's a felony. We're talking even consensual sex. It's against the law in Florida. There's another one of those great laws you think you're supposed to be enforcing officer. Serve and protect. Not harass. Serve and protect. Period. Got it? You got it? No. Not anything so. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Mobile and sunrise. Hello. Yes. Hello. Yes. Here's your question. Speaking, sir. Oh. I hear you talking about, I hear you talking about 27 sex with their teachers. When I'm 40 years old now, but when I was a kid, I had sex with my teachers when I was in high school. Yeah. I mean, so back then, what was your name? What was your name? Yeah. Okay. What was his name? Wow. Right there. All your kids out there, if you heard that call, that's a good idea. Stay away from your teachers as far as possible. Okay. No matter how attractive, how appealing, how hot they may look. Stay away because otherwise you'll wind up like that. You'll be going around town all over town going. Yeah. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Serve and protect. We're paying the salary, baby. Not to be harass. Not to be harass. Not to be a statistic, you're nose in our crotch in our bedroom. Any other private place where consensual people are doing whatever. Not to make up conjure up all kinds of crap. Not to sit behind the old oak tree out there in a corner height, isn't that? Or whatever you're doing. That's not, that's not serving and protecting. That's harassing. And then we got the word police. We got the idea, police. We got the sex police. Air of a kind of police, that's why this is a fascist police. We've done it for 23 years. A police state, masquerading as a great democracy, which of course is not anyway. Here's Carl Springs, hello. See, oh God, speaking. Prod that war that you just mentioned. Does that mean that if you're 17 or 17 year old guy and has sex or the 13 year old girl, I thought that was that story right also. That is. This is another law. This is just one of the many other laws that they want to be. Exactly. Carl, at night, I listened to the overnight sports show, a killing. Because it makes me, it helps me get to sleep. But you know what I mean? A lot of people think as you guessed it by the way between two and four thirty. And it's, well, that's wrong for me in the morning. I hear a commercial, I'm killing you for play those repeat. Yeah. Now, here's the question. Going back to the beginning of the trap, these two case. With the teachers. Why, and a, a donnamy effort hearing this commercial. But I didn't know just play those, would it treat you? Yeah. Why were the police there? That particular night at that particular club. And how can these teachers, that I know that. And why was the media just the coincidentally there? Two of the acclaimers to see the swathing show up. Now, I know what there was swathing with the next by the way. It was supposedly cops in there. I mean, what they in there on the covers. That way though. No. No. The body line is happening. The cops in there are doing their thing. Exactly. So how can they prosecute anybody for doing something that they're obviously still allowing to go on? They know it's going on now. They know it's going on now. They know that. They know it's well as I do now. The one charge against the one teachers already been dropped. And you know it's well as I do. The other one also will be dropped. The tax payers will have to spend money, they'll have to go to court or maybe find where they'll come to their senses. And the state attorney will say, OK, this is ridiculous throw it out. And shouldn't those teachers sue the city here? Or yeah, put in their nandcent, cause in them all the scrape. Yeah. Complenaces. Can you only with the situation that happened to the suit market last week? What do you think? What do you do? And where? And this is in the local supermarket. It's a good market. Yeah. What do you do if you see, you know, the weird al-video set. Yeah. OK. I saw a woman who worked like that. Yeah. And it's not only that. The scary thing was that she was with what I assume, which a little daughter and husband, because there was a guy with, I was a little kid. And they were, they couldn't hurry enough to the cashiers and some of the assistant managers couldn't be quicker in trying to empty their baskets and get them out of the turnout. They weren't them and he people of the store. But you don't want to stare. What do you do if you say something? Do you just work away? I felt bad for them. And you just want to say, well, what are you going to say? Oh my god. I'm not. I would just say, I was just trying not to stare. Yeah. Because we happened to be, I was just saying, I didn't want to hear you fat cow. It was unbelievable. I was a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. I'll see that all the time. Hey, I have a good day. I'm back to it. I mean, I've been fighting the fat all my life. And I'm sure that if I saw pictures of what I've looked like back in 1973, when I was working in Sarasota and we 260-6 pounds, I would go, oh, wow. What a cow. I mean, I look at Amir and Amorian, say what a cow. But I'm skinny compared to some of the people I see. I'm talking about people I have legs like redwood trees, like tree trunks. It's an illness, baby. It's a disease fat. It's a big epidemic illness we have in America. And the meantime, all we do is have a bunch of people trying to shovel more food that we don't want down our throat. And then, we're incessantly constantly. In fact, I've discovered that with some people, unless you want to go to dinner with them at least two or three times a week, and preferably you buy that you don't hear from them at all, which is okay, but nevertheless, when did the meal stop? You know what I'm saying? When does that finally stop? I'd probably be in this country, nobody can socialize unless they're eating. As soon as the food starts, then all the conversation, the chatter, bapa, bapa, bapa, bik. I've seen that forever. Once the food comes in, everybody starts buzzing around like a bunch of wild pigeons who have eaten in 10 years. Here's a mobile and a nice palm beach, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I was going to talk about that. I had something else I'm buying, but talk about a figure for them. Southern Boulevard, I know you have a clue where that is, but it's not right. What do you mean I don't have a clue? I worked out there. That's right. You didn't work here to stay in a long time. It's been about a 45 along the airport there, then it drops to 35 in a span of about 100 yards. And there's fallen over a bunch of right-go on these front there. So. Serving and protecting. Yes, of course. But you didn't get the whole Palm Beach post. Somebody just somebody just facts you that music thing, right? Yeah. OK, but Frank Serby, I'll have another article today. Are you calling today? Yeah. There's a store in South Wales. Wales, Wales, Wales, Wales and such. And the people at home are, you know, the wills are bound of cells or handicapped themselves. And a woman, obviously, was a handicap, went to the store. And she started to complain. Didn't complain to the shop owners. She of course went to a lawyer who had the file of federal lawsuits against the store that they had no handicap parking. Now, what's front for the half of the free to have handicapped parking? For whatever reason they don't have it. But wouldn't everybody go in there would be a handicap spot, right? How about having a parking for non-handy kept special spot? Well, that's right. But she couldn't just go on the stop and ask them why they didn't have a handicap spot. Yeah. You had to go to her friend who was a lawyer. And of course, that rule is that whoever bought the file, don't rip the crap now. Come on. Let's leave her alone. The people at file office don't get the money, but the lawyer gets to be in reimbursement. There you go. That's an average rate day. Whatever you just said, I wouldn't pay any attention. I mean, the list was boring. 5.67. I mean, you're a good guy pal, but that part of what was terming. This is my home business. 5.67.0.560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line. I'm looking at the list. I'm getting angry and angry. Here's the 31st best shot right behind Suki Ako by Qsakamoto. As I say a little prayer by you, you read to a friend, which I love that song. But that's behind Suki Ako. The message is number 29 by Grandmaster Flash. You know, whoever talk about doing too much acid, all you kids out there, here's a good lesson for you. Don't ever even think about putting one of those sugar cubes in your soda, okay? Because right here is a classic example of what happens when you do too much acid. Smells like teen spirit by Nirvana's number 18. Yeah. Smells like a penny to me. No, that's your agreeing at the 18th best shot. I don't know what it means to get some, but I don't know if I can. One of the times of all time, I hit it by say a little prayer by your reader Franklin. Yeah. No, and don't let your son go down on me by Alon John? No. Number 35 all the way down there. Never say goodbye by the channel of five. This was this so anxious. I love that word. It's just anxious. Nogigating. And also among the worst records of all time, by the way. Spitting, we have my blood sweat and tears. I mean, that wasn't a great record, but certainly wasn't a lot of all time. Worst, Coke, I'm all about the beach boys. It was a bad record, but you don't put the beach boys in the 100 worst records of all time. You just don't do that. Ryan will go back to bed with a steady bird if you don't cut it out. He'll start hanging out with the Jan Barry. Maybe you can start looking like Jan Barry. We are the world by USA for Africa. And I hate not to see on a one hand. That's one of the worst. It's got 37th worst. Let me just say this to you. The whole idea behind it was growing this in growth test. And a lot of us got sucked into it. But the song itself, the song was right if it went ahead and those things never again. It was good because they all had the headsets on. And then after that song came out, everybody had the head. They were all holding the headsets. We are the way and chicken are head back and forth like Stevie Wonder. Yeah, even if they could see in here, they're still shaking it. And they're head two. Just don't shake it too hard because it's against a long broward. We are the world. We are, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's raise some money. Of course, by the time the money gets there, all those kids will start to that already. But just in case the next generation starts starting to get some money for them. That was really special. And I can say I was on INZ the one night to that time. We got sucked in, raised about 10 grand for that. I'm sure we're trying to who enjoyed that 10 grand. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. The George Rodriguez show noon the two today. Then we got you a managed from San Diego. As we get ready to do that game tomorrow night here on the QAM. We. And of course, what we got after that by the way, five o'clock we got the, oh, the Jimmy Johnson show. How you ready for that? Wow. Hey, which of these special, special aid? We could be really special. I don't know something that man. I really do believe he needs help. I could be wrong about that. I've never met him, but I just just bought everything I read and I hear and I see. I think he needs serious ass assistance. Oh, frosty lad. Here we go. The worst talk about time. Number one. Not a contest. I'm in to Peter Smithville, Brad Boost in the downward ground. I love the Polish-Mit girl. I'll roll to the barrel out. I put out the inner holes in the entire way there. I'll put it back. The sound of the grass through the endless atmosphere of air. It's enough to roll from Kenya! It's kinda dangerous. It's a sports day that's not a sport-like Football Day. There's your fear, tie it up. Sing it out loud. It's getting closer. Mmm. You're throw it on,? Start to control myasures! Take your fear or death out, Sing it out loud. Sing it out loud. I'm gonna lie to you, Pogga! I'm gonna sing a Pogga! With Ben Go's home, Pogga! I'm gonna sing a Pogga! Ben, please go grandma! During a lovely Pogga, If he ever met no fear, Those tricks upon you, Pogga! He's the jail of our time! No, no! No, no! No, no! That's not very nice! He didn't have a passport to anyone. He perfectly arranged. He didn't have to hear him. Get her away from us. It's 11.32 at 5.60 WQM. That one just irritates me. Every time I see it, every time I hear it, It's just, Oh, she just drives me up the wall. 5.60, 5.60, 5.60, on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile and coral spring, hello. Neil, yes sir. How are you, my friend? Great. The reason I'm calling you is first of all, I want to take issue to something you had said yesterday. About not caring what Hillary does up in New York. Yeah. Well, that's a, if she was ordered for governor, I wouldn't give her that to her, but, uh, because you're showing one of the hundred votes we don't want, eh? We don't? No. Who do you guys want? You better have Ruby Giuliani? No. I know. Another repressive right when you're so what are you talking about? Well, you know, you don't want her to read the book bill in Hillary. You want to learn more about it? No, I don't want her to read the book bill or Hillary. You want her to read the book bill or Hillary? You want that, Hillary, carry book, uh, excuse don't you? Yes, I did. That's the little backhanded to you, the company. Yeah, anyway, it was self-serving, and it was, uh, you know, if Harry, I, I said that to somebody that the day, if Harry was still alive, he never would have written it. And that day, well, it was interesting, but it was very self-serving. How many pages you want to read about him falling? Right. Exactly. All right, I got one quick report for you. Interesting. Yeah. On your way home on Eris and her pulling people over. Eris and Parkway, right by the show, Gras, and industrial Park. Thanks to the goodness. All right, have a good one. See you. On my way home. Okay, 560, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Let's try my any, hello. I knew. Yes, sir. Hey, what's going on? There's American Colombian speaker. All right. I just wanted to say hello. Happy to say I am leading my onion, getting in the month. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. It reminds me of her life. And let me say I just call this as an, you know, I'm going to miss you. I'm not going to miss anything about Miami. Yeah. That's what everybody says. As soon as they leave here, they always call and say, you know, the only thing we miss was you, the rest of it was in the without. But I won't call. Yeah, I got a job with it, Department of Justice. So I'm heading on out. But I won't call. Give you a call along this and I know you have the 1-800 numbers. Oh, yeah. By the way, no question about we take out a collection this weekend. It's better for me. And I want to let you know how much of an impact you've had on me. And I'm sure a lot of your listeners have been listening to you from the college days, even when you had that big, weight problem way back when. Yeah. Yeah. You have some down quite a bit, which is good. Yeah. We commendable. But I'm not. Well, compared to how you used to be, I was writing an AOL personal, photo personal ad last night. And they're asking you know what you like to do and what have you. I actually subconsciously, but I even think about it. One of the things was listening to the Neil Rodgers show 560, Yadiyada Yadiyada. Yeah. Top of all getting ready, you know, you'll crack up. I'm thinking I can't believe that, well, even, you know, that even thinking about it, where I really give in much conscience that I put you on there. It just stood it out. And they said, what kind of religion? I said, do no harm. The best religion around. No, the best word around. And if it's happened to me, I'm sure that a lot of people, like myself, are walking around influence. I mean, greatly by you. No, of course, in about it. I am. I am. You are one of the great minds of my friend. I don't know how long, how much longer you're going to laugh like that. What's the point? I'm not that I'm anxious to leave, but just like you, I'll be out. Yeah, so, and there are, my amy's going to, once you leave, it's going to be very annoying. George probably will take over. He's got great commendable, but you're the king. He's just going to turn the whole time into a big human restaurant with horse meat and beans. Yeah. All right, Mike. And bring out some of rapers next time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. There is a good guy who's moving onward and upward. He don't want to go back to Columbia, doesn't he? No. Because one thing I heard about Columbia when you go there a lot of times, you just don't come back. There were saying yesterday on the news that's the kidnap capital of the world, even worse than Mexico, I think. What is it about hispanics? Did you people always like kidnap and tourists, you know? What is that? Something to do with boring. Yeah. See, I would say the Cubans like to do that, but there are no tourists, basically, in Cuba. So, I'm the, well, who wants a kidnap then? They're cheap. 24 before news at 560, WQM 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And by the way, the Canadian press is roasting John Cretchen and all his predecessors for their sucking up to Fidel routine, starting to question the wisdom because Fidel basically told him the stick it in there. Back though, every time they turn around, they give him the green apple crystal right in their face. But nevertheless, that's the different topics that'll leave to your capable professionally Cuban hands. They play like men and they look like women. Listen to me, it's just stand by and steam for sofaking and it's stand where everything is out that a high sofaking standard, the selection is in just huge, it's sofaking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else and sofaking prices aren't just low, they're sofaking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me, when I say sofaking as a beautiful store, I mean sofaking beautiful. And I say, it's happy to help you. I mean sofaking helpful. Listen to me, get to know the sofaking and enjoy a selection that's sofaking huge. A staff that's sofaking courteous and prices that are sofaking low, you'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied, custom a prank and Stein. Sofaking good. Yo, set a prank, he's sofaking good. Okay, this is an interesting poker Brian sense of facts. Is it, uh, how come you don't have nothing to do with anybody? No, we're songs of all time, good by cruel world by James Darren has a good one. Rock it in the jungle by the internals, which nobody ever heard of. String along by the wheels, ditto. How do you do by mouth and McNeil ditto? Well, what are these songs that nobody ever heard of, Boca? You idiot? Can't smile without you, but Barry Manalo. Was that the name of that song? Can't smile. I was anything by Barry Manalo. Quando, quando, banyacal by Anglbert Humberdinky. Yeah. And a bunch of other songs that none of us ever heard of. Thank you so much Boca Brian for contributing very, very little to our closing moments here today. 560, 50, 50, 50, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Did you know Barry Manalo and Joe Montana are the same person? I look, I look to me the same year, never saw them together. Am I the tenth caller? Yeah, you're the tenth caller. You went a date with Barry Manalo. Oh, great, overkey Martin, whichever one you prefer. 560, 50, 50, 50, pound, 560 on the AT&T line. I only got 17 minutes to kill here. Actually more like about 11 or 12 to be honest with you. But I don't think I'm going to make it. Just think so. No. Because we're getting ready for the big change over. Because your, you're going to come on and talk professional human stuff today. Here's Hi, Alia. Hello. Hey, you're how you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, do you aware that NBC is about to pay 300 million for a 32% stake in tax and tax. Communication? No. No. Yeah, I just found out about it. How many call this morning? And that's what I told him was going to happen. I got to wind up dumping either a big chunk of all of the whole thing and wind up coming and smelling like a rose again. Yeah, because I was, I think that you have CC. Yeah, because I was looking at that. And then I was thinking, well, you know, if I was talking about how these radio stations and these companies are always being bought out. And whole, whole bit. It's like playing Monopoly. That's what the FCC has reduced the whole broadcasting industry into radio and television. You can own 85 stations in the same market and whoever's got a bunch of properties come along and will, you know, do not pass go in the sunny boardwalk in Parkways. It's a joke. And a public gets screwed. Every time this goes on, the public gets screwed worse and worse. You can just like the J-Codeal. Exactly. All right. Take a look at the state of radio in this time. As bad as it was before, take a look at what they've done now. Right. Exactly. Whatever good stations they used to be on the FM van in this time, long gone and getting worse by the minute. Well, all right. Then take your deal. Have a great day. Yeah, buddy. But once again, steps into a big bucket of, you know, what? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's getting pretty grim here boys and girls. I'll tell you that couple of calls on a board. I'll read this article again by what's his name. It's in a waste base though. Robert Steinbeck. Nice going. Robert. Probably nobody else in town. But it's so that kind of read it on the air. Says it exactly the way it is. Ken's hitting in the morality, police and grout. Unacceptable. All you young people out there, just remember. Guns good sex bad. And you young guys, you get some hot chick knocked up. Don't worry about it. Just if the age old excuse, I didn't know my score. Score it come with loaded. That's all. Because in America, Guns are good. Sex is bad. It's evil violence is great. But sex is very, very bad. Here's my any. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. A Rochesterian Corvette owner. Long time listener. And I love down in Bob. All right. Great. I'm going over to a four miles today and being up with a neighbor of mine from Rochester. And if you could play the built-in car for me, I sure appreciate it. That was your feel some good time, you know. You're appreciated Neil. Okay. Thanks. And have a great day. I bless you. Okay. Look at this. I just screwed up this thing here. Because I would have been bad to leave you with this. Oh, geez. Look at that George. That would be bad to leave you and have the thing all screwed up. I would be a sinister evil thing. What you're of course. I'm not from me. Bill's the cause and mine across the China. All right. You let's out again. Go. When he makes it way go. Monaco is not the kind. You can do in the behind. No. Put us in the car and her vagina. She's all mine. Oh. Where he don't know where we're so he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or animals you made hor. And then I can saw the term. Seater box means to her naked. She starts reportedly to go in blind. Now, please, and he was working hard. Late night in the ovary office. Working on a practical job. He took a mask and noodle. Put an explode in. Loading. Monaco was blowing rings a smoke. Bill's the cause and mine across the China. She lets out a kid go. Every time he makes it way go. Monaco is not the kind. You can do in the behind. Right. Put us in the car and her vagina. She's all mine. Oh. People feel that Hillary's been made a fool of fire husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Up in the linking bedroom. She was moaning. Moaning. How far was it when her with Bill's bones? Bill's the cause and mine across the China. She lets out a kid go. Every pregnant time he makes it way go. Monaco is not the kind. You can do in the behind. But us. Go on and her vagina. She's all mine. Oh. Can't do you think? Yes. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh yeah. But you gotta do you think it's Bill. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you so much, sir. That killed some excellent time. It's a looking 48 to 5. 60 W 2. I am here. Miami. Miami. When did you go? I'm okay, sir. I've got first time. Long time. All right. I'm just wondering. If we could do the same thing with the same thing. With these teachers that are having such occasions, what the priests do with the church does with the church. Yeah. Time is another district. Right. Or put a, you know, send it to the rehab center that is out near Zona somewhere. Maybe it seems to help them out a lot. Right. Where the altar boards are in training. Right. And I have a shameless request in the arm in the collar of my wife. And she's always wondering why I tell her to put the lotion in the basket. Yeah. So I was wondering if we could hear that. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. We can hear like a little tiny like it works the lotion in the basket. Like that. 560 50 50 50 body. I want to tell you one thing. I killed about the first hour almost of the show myself. And it's a good thing. I'm leaving it early today. That's all right. You'll get them all with that stuff about the array per queen. That'll get them going. Here's a mobile in four. Latter day. Hold on. Yes. I want to have sex with the teacher. Hey. That restaurant you're talking about. Yeah. How do you know? How do you know? How do you know how do they get food from there to you? I don't know. But it was hot when they got it here. They must have one of those things. You know, like a pizza delivery people do. I think going to that joint for a couple of months now and it's damn good. It's very good. When I heard it, I thought it's too much of a coincidence you talking about Jim because I know he's the owner. Yeah. And I'm going to tell you the soup they brought that red pepper biscuit, which I guess was the soup of the day. They don't have that every day. But I wish they did because that was the best soup I ever had in my life. You know, that Jim is not a bad looking guy and I know he's not married. Yeah. But I think if he pressed the edge. You know, I'm not interested. Okay. Are you interested? I'll give you an even full number. Okay. Not interested. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where I was not interested. Paolo. Okay. Perfect. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Mobile in Bokeh. Hi. Hello. I'm a geeky in Bokeh. Love your show. Yes sir. You're like the ultimate libertarian on all these issues like sex and drugs. What about gun control? Today, why don't you take a relationship on gun control? I'm a libertarian on drugs. What did you ever hear me say that? I thought you were a pretty much safe. People should be responsible for their own ad. I never said that. Cokeh and the cocaine is the worst damn thing that ever came down to pie. How about heroin? Do you think you're people out of here and pre-excess the heroin? No, but you certainly agree with it on the sexual issues. Yeah. And I just figure that from your point of view. I'm a bit again, do no harm. Guns harm people. People use guns. Nobody uses automatic weapons to go out and go hunting. Okay. Nobody needs an automatic weapon there. How is to protect themselves from some intruder? There is no reason any person in America should have a semi automatic weapon in their possession. Why should 99% of the population be punished for the actual right? It's let me say it again. You're just repeating babbling mindless and array rhetoric. It's got nothing to do with punishing anybody. Nobody needs to have an assault weapon to protect themselves. Is that debatable? I don't believe it's available. Okay. Thank you. Okay. There you go. He made a little progress there. Not too much. A little bit of progress. Tiny little teeny steps. And then may some of these professionals. I love the way they always repeat the same old tired crap. And then they get the head to the handshooter from the NRA on there. And it's the same crap. Oh, well, we don't believe it making new laws. If we were just enforced the laws, it's the same old tired crap. And the reason they say that, of course, is because they're terrified. They're paying in their pants that there's going to be new laws. And I'd like I told you that they don't worry about it. The public's not up in arms. So to speak, part of that expression. They don't give a crap. They get excited for a couple of days. And then it's back to the same old garbage. They don't care. Because most of the people who live in America don't go anywhere. You know, they're either ideification is to go to like a West Palm. Yeah, Jupiter. That's a big journey for a lot of these people. And so they think that this is the way the real world is. Oh, everybody all over the world. They all got guns and they get pissed off. They blow somebody else away. That's the real world, you know? Soon have to worry about it. What do you get in all up? Tideva. Oh, we have to punish 99% of the people. Yeah. In addition to which, how come you have to register your car? But you go, there's all the system about registering a handgun. What's the problem? Oh, because if they register, they'll come and take them all away. Yeah, like they're coming taking all our cars away too. I'm really worried about that. Usually I get up two, three and a morning I go out into my garage and make sure that both my core vets are there. Because I'm really worried that the government will come in in the middle of the night and steal both of my cars. Take them away. Here's a mobile and hollywood, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Good. I was wondering, I would listen to your morning. What wife did the cops have to come in and raid that place to stop? I mean, I understand all that and that, I thought it was a teacher being a trouble. But I have to get in there in the first place. I've probably had they must have gotten the search warrant based on, you know, a tip that there was something illicit knowing whatever was going on in there. And they put on a state's dog and pony show for the medium. They call all the media to come with their cameras in the, they staged another remedial event. Unbelievable. The storm for a producer. Did you see the physiothea tape? No, I did. Well, if you saw the tape and saw how many of these SWAT team guys came in there with their whole regalia on and their night sticks out. Like there were a bunch of mass murderers inside. You wouldn't know whether they're left or cry. You'd never saw anything like it in your life. I'd like to go. You had to thought there were a bunch of hardened criminals inside. That's what I'm saying. I'd like to know which judge issued the search warrant with both probable cause. No, not just keep in mind. Just keep in mind it was the Broward County Sheriff. He's the Chigurin of Wood pile. He's the one who initiated all this. So I'm sure he's got some crony judges any time he wants. He can get a search warrant to go anywhere, including in your house at three in the morning. You know, I'm sure there's a small percentage of police out there that are doing the right thing. But it's got to be 80% of the federal media review section. Well, it'd be hard bushes. And then there's what the one that has a ban in it. More running prostitution rings in Miami. I have a great day, pal. You too. I've heard any more about that with the 16 year old girl. No. By the way, let me see it again. Says here under Florida Law. It's a felony for somebody over the age of 24 to have sex with a 16 or 17 year old. Like that 16 year old girl down there in Kendall that we don't hear any more about. How about an Ike demons? You great journalist over there. A channel six that's some of the people on this station. Continue sucking your ass. Why? Why whatsoever to make me. But it was nauseous. Mr. Miami here. I wouldn't be surprised if his picture winds up like on a mast head of the hero pretty soon. Him and Tom Fieler in a sack together. I see him. Well, you think they call him seen him? It's a 155 at five, 60 WCM. Our George coming up. George is going to be talking about all the happening on K. Ocho. Actually, he's going to be talking about how he likes to hang out with a lot of nice white people. I'm sure that Joe showed you that story, by the way. About Cubans lining to hang out with their latino's like in the hang out with other Cubans. Latino's. Think they're talking about next. He's always the diversion there. Always the you don't have a point when you say you're a professional Cuban. Everyone really fast to hear. Yeah, you used to be a big football star, but now work here. You're listening to the most straight-up person I know. George. God. I can't. Are you fucking kidding me? I'll give you a hand. My heavy. Boy, you're down. I'm not. You didn't already play the second. How old do you know? It's been a long day, and so was there. How I get so long, it's time to know my girlfriend's dead. And it's a long day until I beat the last you'd use me before I'm home like a natter dead. Always fun to be with. And I bet down with these like girlfriend's. There's you want to do it. Boy, I can't lose it again. I think there's that run jersey. I think one there. Hurry up. One there. One there. I think one there. I think one there. I think one there. I'm going to have the coach. More than one there. I'm going to make it better. I always get so long. I can't believe what I see. But the four long kids don't end up back to me. I'm in the morning with a wake-up sign. John Holmes is in the light and they like you turn. Don't tell the reason, but it pleases and that's good. And I've got something I don't understand. Hey, I don't have to go yet. It's a time to this thing. Right. Right. Is that thing? Were you for the time being anyway? Hand me my box of jumpers. And run on a night. It's a big deal. So far. It's a big race. Twelve-and-two-five, six- and I really need to go right now. I should have taken that last 10 minutes, although as we discussed, we don't know if it's gonna take 10 minutes. That's why we all envy the old man over here. Joe, I'm glad you were witness to it. The other day when you actually saw him go out, he came back as fast as it takes for him to walk from here to the bathroom and then back again. That's almost how fast it was. Add maybe 20 seconds. Yes, the Guinness Book of World Records. So you not have a record for them. And they'll be good. The whole point, right? He would be. And the whole point of it is, and maybe that's one of the things that, with age, your body falls apart, but at least you get to know your body. That's one of those things because that's the whole problem with going in the middle of the show. I never know. I never know. What's in store? You know, like five minutes might be how long it takes just to get started sometimes. And then you don't know what you've got going on. So there's no way that I can go during the show, but he does it every time, look at these split, he always, you know, I always have a song cute up, like asshole song or something ready to go, but I never have to use it. I think once in all these years, almost eight years, I've had to fire something off. And then I just started it and he'd come back in in 20 seconds later he stops it. So I envy that, especially right now, because I'm kind of squirming in my seat, and I'm buzzing on caffeine from that cool out of, from Dunkin Donuts, which are great. Thank you, Dunkin Donuts, guys. But yikes. Well, there are some people who can, even if it's not antiseptically clean, they can get up and walk away. Maybe that's what he does. He doesn't watch his hands. Maybe he just stuffs the wall to paper up there and deals with it later. That's a pretty disgusting thought, right around lunchtime isn't it? Anyway, five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, if you wanna talk to me, I'm gonna talk about double standards, maybe, or not, I don't know who these people wanna talk to, so I'm gonna hang up on them, wait a second, Jeff. They were already on hold, and I'm sure they don't wanna talk to me. No fact, it Julio's, by the way, they're already calling up, they're already obsessed. Oh, you're talking to the guy in seven, no wonder I can't hang up on him. Okay, no problem. The little gay Julio, I'm still having found the bad house here in town. Maybe somebody will call and give them directions so that they can leave me alone. They keep hitting on me all day long. It's pretty embarrassing. So the double standard thing, cause me was talking about that, about the teacher. And I was one of the guys that said, boy, there were a couple of teachers in junior high, in junior high that looked really, really good to me, and they could have had me any way they wanted me. And I would have been happy for it. And some people are calling and saying, oh, at the time I thought it was great, but in retrospect, I guess it was wrong. Well, I'm old now, and I'm wishing that I had that. I'm wishing that I was exploited by my ninth grade, and my ninth grade English teacher. Mrs. Erickson, Mrs. Erickson, she was a beauty with long, dark hair and beautiful eyes that show it kept like half clothes and that's solitary sort of Marilyn Monroe way. But that's one of those double standards if it's your daughter and I have a daughter, then that's wrong and absolutely correct sir. Absolutely correct sir. That's wrong. That's one of those double standards that even though I know it's wrong, I kind of believe in it. Like the whole cheating double standard. It's okay for you to get out and get as much fresh as you possibly can, but it's wrong for your wife or girlfriend too. Right? Yeah. Same thing with homosexuality. Girls kissing, lesbianism, stuff like that. That's a thing of beauty. Guys, Yucky. Yucky. Did you see Tom Green last night? It was a repeat, but did you see it? Which repeat wasn't? It was the one where Glenn with a blue face where they were talking to Glenn's parents about whether or not Glenn is gay. And then they while they're talking to his parents, while Tom Green is talking interviewing his parents, they cut to the scene of them kissing. But I mean, they were chewing on each other's lips and like licking each other's faces and the tongues were doing the twist with each other. I held it as long as I couldn't then I had to turn away and discuss it. It was so gross. It was so Yucky. I mean, they were chewing on each other's tongues. And Glenn had a blue-painted face. And I'm like, ah, I don't have the heral thing anywhere around here, do I? Wait, it's over here. I never want to can't find it. Like I said, I'm all wired on caffeine. So let's be honest, beautiful. Watch it all day long. But the other part, the gay stuff, that's Yucky. The gay man stuff. Yucky, you have because men are discussing gross pieces of crap and women are beautiful, virginal divine creatures. That's why the double nose really got this. Most of them, I'm speaking generally, generally speaking. That's why we had those double standards. Your daughter, she's a beautiful, pristine little virginal thing that no man can dare exploit. But your son, he's a piece of crap like you. You want him to bang his teachers. If you found out if Sun came home dead, you know, mine, ninth grade English teacher, I had that. That would be jealous. That would be like, yeah, well, this is my book. I want more. I'd be, I'd be all jealous. Way to go, son. High five. Let me go take you up for a beer. You're 14? That's all right. I'll sneak it out the back for you. 12, 7, I'm WQI. I'm here's a mobile in Boca. Hey, you're just, I'm just wound up. And of course, I had no warning about doing the show today until the old man came in. Yes, I'm doing all right. Yes, you guys thought talking about this. I'm thinking of crap and stuff. I just say lunch and you're making me hungry again. Oh, OK. Well, hey. Yeah, there's a scap man for you, boys and girls. Boca, hello. Hello? Hello? Hey, don't judge. All right. Listen. I called early. Well, early. You're on your mom. You hung up on her. OK, no problem. Then there must have been a reason for it. I'm not sure why, but nevertheless, mobile and holly would hello. Well, holly would. Yeah, I got hung up on. I'm still a bunch of the aphatians today. Anyhow, I do want to talk about this double-standard or also with what's been in the paper and on the radio page a couple of days. I really thought that really, when it comes to sexual behavior, we are so funny and society, I think it should be. The question I admit that that's the wrong way to think, but we're programmed that way. I know. It's horrible. I mean, to me, it should be taught to us as children, like any other form of sexual behavior. I mean, I'm with you. I would have loved to have been introduced to sex by some older woman who could have explained all the wonderful mysteries. Little guy, little guy. Little guy, a tour ticket by the hand. Oh, oh. When I hear about guys that got their teachings in my mouth, and you know what I was doing on, you know it was going on. I hate my heart out. Oh, yeah. We're going to be at the end of the week. I listened to, I have a shameless request. In view of that topic, we haven't heard backpipes in a long time. That's right. I'm probably rightly so. And you'll play it just the other week, or at least before I went on vacation, you play it. That's a little old. But I'll think about it. It's the cause drop off. Also, if the cause drop off, we have Dick, the soundtrack of the movie. Thank you, Barbara. I should probably say tonight's the nice things about Barbara, because I said I would. And she brought in a whole bunch of CDs. Don't be jealous, Tracy. Although I think this is a good idea, we're going to get Tracy and Barbara fighting with each other to see who can bring in the best for us here on the show. But she brought in the soundtrack to Dick, and speaking of that list of best songs and worst songs, there's some on here that belong on the worst songs, but nevertheless, they're guilty pleasures. Has anybody seen this movie that any good? Because the record now already called Barbara to get another copy of it. The songs on here are so corny. I was going to play it from for you yesterday. So I'll get to some. Really corny, including popcorn, the one that's a bokeh-brained to the butt beads of. We might just play some of these, because they're so incredibly corny, but nevertheless, guilty pleasures. Nine after 12, I want to tell me about any of these summer movies that they any good, six cents. I want to go see that as an any good, even though it's got Bruce Willis in it. And also, Dick, just because an all admit, I like what's your name, Kristen Dunst, who grew up very nicely, by the way. I got to say, she's got the cute little dimple. What do you think of her joke? Oh, he's to the Hawking and trying to speak to that Barbara from EMI called, and says she's going to whip tracing Elyzaz. And all I got to say to that is, I've got the camcorder, Joe Mr. I don't know if it was just a skirt or what, or if I was in a really good mood that day, but she looked really good to me. And she's going to be going skating with us, at least she said she would. Who's the 26th Barbara from EMI? She said she's going to whip tracing Elyzaz, but I want to watch that and tape it. And then says the closet out, she's ready for a cat fight. Chow, I say, jealous. Because that'll like mud, because mud is yucky. But jealous, a jealous fight would be good between those two. So she's going to go skating with us on Thursday. We got all these activities lined up for the vacation week, starting 27th so that we can hold the show and try to get free passes, like the galaxy and water hill gave us some free passes. And with all due respect to them, they're wonderful people, and they were very nice to us. It's too far for me to slet to go skating. So we went to Galaxy and David a couple of three weeks ago, I guess it was. And had an hour, was it two weeks ago, two weeks ago? I had an all right time, even though I took an nasty spill, but thank God Joe, Mr. He'd be doggy and me to the say, my scabs are healed up, you say? You know, I pulled one off in the middle of the woods. Chaps. The fact that Mr. Roller boy fell down. It was a spectacular. There was a end of the year flying, spinning, crashing, screeching, flush on varnish floor spectacular. Is what it was. You know, the only thing that would have made it better would have been if you had taken out some innocent passerby. I've done that. Done that. Taking out little kids and squashed a little kids in those ones. Didn't break it, but boy, flattened her face. So hopefully Galaxy and David will hear me talking about them. And talking about them when we go again on Thursday to 26. And send us over a bunch of free passes. There's something like that so that we can plug them for a while. And then of course, there's the Plato thing. Because we're going to do another Plato's night. And yeah, thanks Joe. He has the right idea. We're going to get there a little bit later. And Joe's talking about getting brave and getting into a town, which I don't think I'm ready for. I'm cowardly. I think I'm going to see him over there. He's doing his job with the phone. That's all right. Mobile and Fort Lauderdale, hello. What happened at Tom Greenland? Last night, man. Repeat. It was a repeat. What he, thank you very much. Mobile and West Palm, hello. Hello. Hello, hey, George. I saw that six-tened flashlight. Yeah. And I was just there with some threats. I mean, I'm not like, you know, I didn't think there was much. I mean, I'm like, you know, an actress is kind of going to the park. You don't have to ruin it yet. I don't know. I was on the right. Because the people, I've looked creepy. But obviously, that's the whole thing. The previous is, you know, that's an art unto itself as the art of the tease. Right. And so, but, you know, I'm peaked. Yeah, I definitely, you know, I'm not going to tell you anything about it. But it's just a well balanced, good story. All right. The acting was good. I'm so thumbs up. Can thumbs up. Okay. All right. Thank you very much. I'm so, I'm going to go see it. And maybe Dick, go see Dick. Since I don't see enough, what? Barbara sends, she's going to, says she's going to send you some more. Some more Dick. Because, you know, you like Dick, right. The soundtrack of the movie, Dick. Ford's agreed because it has great stuff on it, for example. And both of them did a parody of it. This is something all of old people should lie to play for the kids. Hey, hey, hey, hey, listen, son or daughter. We've listened to that. But this is a big hit. And I had this on a clean felt. Greatest hit album that had lost the meat. And I have the jim, carried around. Just been the record. It's the scratches. I love it. This way, it's on 13th and then. You know, it's 40 is it, isn't it? It is a total total portion. It would be great if they tried to get the bone. And this is the icon. Sweetly, to relive my childhood, maybe it's a fire study. See, what is the, a fun fact? There we go, for 10. I was like, hot, when your man took his own with the meat. They got his right at back. You can send more of this and also now to. And who has Luke's on Ratch? What Luke's on there? No one likes to break it. Luke sounds Ratch. Trying to reflect all the violence that I did. I have no time to tell you. What is that? Okay, that's enough for that. 1221, 5.50. Don't go nutty. What is it time? Should I? Okay, because we actually have some calls and you're going to hang up if I go to the break. Lady and Holly would, hello. Hello, lady and Holly would. Oh, sorry. Oh, yeah, I'm sorry too. There's those sagots man. They still need to, they need to get together. There are clubs for you people. Miami, hello. Enjoy yourself. Yeah, well, not as much as you do, sir. Like right now. Spaded out, mobile and candle, hello. Enjoy, how are you? All right. Yeah, I saw both movies. Okay, I'll just take. Uh, XK, if you, if you remember what I like, I don't remember anything about it, but I like person done. Well, she's good. Both girls are good. Uh-huh. It's a funny movie. And especially if you're, if you know anything about it or it's even. I mean, I know this story. I'd love to watch the documentary. Yeah, there's a lot of things they interject to. Uh, to weave their story into what went on in. So it was very good. Six cents was also good. The kids great. But as well as the sort of, um, a little whiffy. Everybody says that the kid is great. And that's what makes me all depressed about the Star Wars thing. Because there are child actors out there who can act. Uh, because opposed to that Jake Lloyd piece of crap that played, uh, Anakin and that Star Wars thing, who obviously the friend of the family. So that's just going to go to the press need more. But I'm going to go see it. Thank you very much. And that did that answer not to wife things start yet? Does anybody know? Joe? Or is that start one of those starting Friday kind of thing? Astronauts wife? The Johnny Depp and, uh, share a leaves, surrogated, seren, whatever her name is. Miami, hello. Hey, George. Hey. Uh, six cents was great. Okay. A lot of people have told me I want to see because Willis is in it. And I hate Bruce Willis. I hate him also. But it's not a Bruce Willis movie. I mean, it could have been anybody could have been Tom Hanks. All right. Oh, well, that would have made it better. It's the kid movie. The kid makes all the thing. Okay. Uh, and, and thing is, it's doing great because of the word amount. Everyone who comes out, you know, at a positive thing to say about it. All right. What's the, is it alright to, uh, I guess it's ready to are PG13? It's a little gory at some spots. If you bring a kid to probably close their eyes for a little bit. Of course, because we're dealing with a lot of double standards is, is Gory, but it doesn't have a whole lot of sexual situation. So it's okay to take. No. It's absolutely impossible. All right. Good. So it's okay to take the kid because there's no sex. Why is that? Why is it alright to show our kids ultra violence and, uh, no sexuality? No sexual situation. Sex is bad. Gores good. So we'll bring the daughter to, uh, plus. Right. Okay. That's a right. Just wait til the vacation. Children will be talking about the, uh, the new old religion, the old religion. The new old religion. Thinking about actually starting it up and doing research for a lot of day. A whole lot. Are you doing? All right. Gores, uh, that song you just finished playing. Are you kidding? You actually liked it? All right. All right. I like. Well, I built it. What I was in elementary school. Right. It exactly didn't speak the summary. I'll mention that was, that was hot butter by, I mean popcorn by hot butter. I was such a big hit that nobody wants to admit that they are. I'm taking some of that beat and I'm going to loop it. Okay. Okay. But I just want to come as really to answer that. You're good man. I like you. I like you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. You're going to beat up those little tigers at a doggy. Mobile and Naples. Hello. This is going to be a crank. Hey George. I just wanted to tell you that I have the Boom Sound Rats greatest hits and it is a good disc. I think I can. What does it have on it? I don't like Mondays. Does it have, what's the other one? The other one that I like. Hello. Hello. I'm trying to think of what's on there. Maybe sides I don't like Mondays. You know, they didn't have a lot of things. I'm saying, yeah. Side that. There's one other songs I really liked a lot. It wasn't the one that they had on MTV all the time. It wasn't rat trap. It wasn't, no, I can't think of it. I can't either. Right now. But I tell you they also have a lot of emails. They had Devils greatest hits and they had Joe Jackson's greatest hits. On what label? You know? I believe they were on epic. I think that's where Bob Gelgau still is. But when they broke up, I think he stayed with Epic. Okay. That's all I'm going to say. All right. Thank you very much. I'd like to play that on some of the show. I don't think anybody down here has ever heard Boom Town rats. Because the three alternative heads that are out there. The reason I wanted that is because I think that the daughter is right to see the wall. Because she's a big Pink Floyd fan. And I want to introduce her to Bob Gelgau. Say here is this is that guy. So she has a little bit of closure and whatnot. 1225. Sports radio. 560. You. Hey. You. Good. You. You. Here is. Oh, John. You. Here. You. He. You. There. He. There. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. You will write written tracks and all the life men You don't seem to care Your sons can bet to you Your sons will adore you You will adore both Jesus And if they do it the earth Your upgrades will spin And your upgrades will spin You're the famous Mr. The nt vant Your arms spin And your sustain 4, or 8, is your friend. Next, let's kiss your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5, is your friend. 5,, is your friend. 7, power, power, power. Laugh, power, power. 20901560WQA and so I played that because I was just thinking if there was a downside to the skating event, it was the music which was mostly bad, mostly bad. And I'm thinking on adult night, if you're going to have an adult night and by the way, there were a lot of teeny-boppers there and we concluded that they're not going to turn anybody away. You know, the teeny-boppemone is green so they're going to let them in and that's fine because some of them looked pretty, pretty good. There was a severe absence of presenters there that night. I don't know if you noticed but there was a great nippleage there that night. That's good and the teeny-boppers were all running around with their shorts, height up their butts and that's fine. That's good because like I said, once again, there's that double standard because you might be able out there who have erased the roller rink off your place to hunt for girls' lists. Oh, keep it. Just, maybe I should just stop right now and go back to talking about the music. Keep it all the way. Yeah, go away. Nobody showed up there. Leave the ratio of the way it is. Oh, that's good ratio. So anyway, they were playing stuff like that like all these stupid and sippid modern beatbox stamp, power 96 kind of music and they were playing them over and over again. They played like the same song three times sometimes, two and three times and if you're going to have an adult mic, the point is you could really mix in some disco. You could throw in some old stuff for a conjure. You know, I mean, get up down there on the floor. We want to reload our childhood because it's not necessarily a bad thing. I don't know if that's a good thing. I want to go out there and check out this time. I'll leave you. Maybe one out of four songs because you're something like that and you're back just for little bit. Maybe from eight, you don't have to go out and leave that to the club. But maybe some eight is a good. Just digger first. I'm talking about a little bit. I love it. Really nice. This is like a pretty good thing for the whole life. But I was still a lot of fake of this again, but we're going to have to like harder the whole rank I think. Rink I think to get like some disco music or some 80s music or something so that we can become teenagers again at least mentally. So they didn't couple's only and they didn't play air supply. What are they talking? Or are they by sticks? Let's talk about that with Barbara. You know, all these songs we used to couple skate to. That's what we just we don't ask for a lot. Not a lot. I mean, we're old. We can't skate three songs in a row anyway. So just one out there will go out there. You know, you know, pot smoking old people will be coughing up long before we're, you know, even halfway through the song. And then you can go back to that beat box crap and we'll sit there and drink our soda. And you were disinemey because I was talking about I like to an exercise when they're the snack bar right there handy. But I saw you were over there. You'd go and skate a song or two and skate right to the snack bar and get your soda. No water. Got water. Whatever. Whatever. It was the fun dip, okay. Oh, that was that was fun watching. That was fun watching there. They were doing the, the sticks, the dip that you stick to stick. The stick dip. What is those called? That's not the pixie sticks that you dip the stick in its heart. It's fun dip. And what on it? It has a big bag of pick. We used to. And that's part of the reliving your childhood experience because we used to use those things. But they were putting lines on the table and snort net like coats, snort in the sugar powder like it was coat. And it was great because we had a fun childish time. And but we want the music to complete the whole scenario. The fun childish time. Maybe somebody will tip the people over there at Davy. We're going to be there next Thursday. Play some disco. Play some 80 stuff. Play some something old for us old farce. All right. So we have one call on the board and then I'm going to go back and play some more of this dick. I'm going to play some more dick. 24 to one. Do the sound like I'm going for a break. You know what I'm not going to go. I'll take the call and then I'll go for the break. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, George. Um, did you get my email? Got the symptoms? Yeah. Yeah. I just have a hint. And you know what? You're hearing and starting to sound like the old man when you're coming out of the break and giving out the numbers? Well, you're in. You're in. Why didn't you even sound like you? Why didn't you get my brain? I think I'm I think I'm ruined that way. I don't know. Man, I'm sorry. I had a dream. I dreamed this show. Yeah. He's like the narrator in my dreams. He's not even free. Well, I guess I got. Honestly, I used to think you sucks from your group. I mean, okay. I think you're all right. I think you were all taken. How did they do it? Thank you, too. I'll take this one screen. Let's probably crank a low Q.A.N. Yes. Yes. See the George? Okay, hold on. Okay. Okay. Here's a mobile. Hello. George. Yes. Did you decide to go to see six minutes? I'm going to. All right. If you decide to do that. I decided. I'm going to do it. Okay. If you do, you're not going to go high. Yeah. High on what? Uh, Mayor Joanna. Okay. All right. I'll drop out of the instead, right? Okay. Okay. Thank you very much. 2321. If I'm going to suck on something, it's not going to be an oyster. R-E-P-I-O-N. If the record's on, I'll take up my shoes. Drop off my dress. If it makes me wet when I see you, yeah. I'll bring in right. Uh, let's do it. It's for my mouth. Yeah. No. Okay. If the enterprise comes up and they'll be through the wall. The R-E-P-I-O-N. I want to train your goals. I want to love and swallow out your wedges to the door. The overhead. And then I'll give it a go. Here's a boarding ticket. And they get to it. And they'll be there. And they'll be there. And they'll be there. And they'll be there. And they'll be there. And they'll be there. And they'll be there. And they'll be there. At dreams and failure, take up his avant-a-rap on his surroundings. You're hoping to. And make your wonderworm explode with food. That's on the red. And it's on the circle side. Don't try. He-R-E-P-I-O-N. I want to train your goals. Oh. He-R-E-P-I-O-N. 18-to-1-5-65-2-W-U-A-M. So nobody wants to talk about Plato's or the skating and the lame ass music to beatbox. I think that's why people don't go. Cold codgers like me who would like to relive their childhood. Because in those days, especially in the small towns, there was nothing to do if you weren't drinking age. But go to the roller rake. There weren't teen discos. I remember when I came down here from up north for when like visit. There were teen discos, but like later on. Like after I had graduated and stuff, there was like maybe one or two here in Big Major City. If you didn't grow up in a major city, there were no teen discos. You had the high school dances, and you had the roller rake, which is where you could go and congregate as teenagers. So we'd all like to go and relive our childhood sometimes. Maybe you maybe take our own kids, but they play this got awful. You know, power 96 with all due respect to our wonderful friends over there. They don't choose that format. They're just cranking out a product that's this market, unfortunately, really, must, you know, like. But I don't want to skate to it. At least not every single song. Every once in a while, sure, that, you know, have a mix. Have a good mix. I'm just, I'm talking about this a lot next Thursday. The 26th, I want to hear like a mix in 70s and 80s thrown in there with all the other crafts. Lady and candle, hello. Hey, George. Hi. You have such such a nerve and a music tip. With what? With the, all this, when you play BAL has a couple of weeks ago. Right. Oh, I was in love. I love you. One more shot. Because that is my music. On the same age as you, I'm 33 years old. Uh-huh. And I grew up in New York in Scotland. So I grew up in some rooms. Yes. The bag, boy. Uh-huh. You ever hear the bus call? From the stickers, ruler of the lab. Don't worry. It's not a break. You're a who? The bus cocks? Yes. Poor guys, maddick. Uh-huh. There's actually a car commercial now that you see there. What do I get, song? Uh-huh. Which freaks me out. Um, this is all good stuff. Yeah. And I'd like to go to a place that played that kind of stuff. I mean, I'm not going to just sit in my little office and play my old CDs. Me too. And I work from old CDs. I work from home. So when you're on and when nails on, I listen to you guys. You break up the minotnik for me. Mm-hmm. But when you guys aren't there, like yesterday, yes. And Joe's a gacky, does suck. I had my CDs. Okay. I had my CDs on. And when you started talking, When you played that popcorn song, Uh-huh. I remember that from Benny Hill. Benny Hill, you have a group of girls. Right. Dan, Robbot, gossip. Sure. And I used to watch that. When you got to get this, uh, the dick soundtrack. You got to be a dick. I am. I don't track too. Yeah. I'll tell my husband. Okay. But there's one other song I wanted to bring up for you. Um, go ahead. Or I go. There's a band that you got a boss in about 10 years ago called the Gun Club. Uh-huh. They have a song called When I Reach from My Robbolver. Never heard it. That if you can get your hands on it, that's really interesting. Okay. You heard that barber turns to Gun Club. Yeah. Gun Club. Norring for free CDs on the ears. We either had a Boston or Los Angeles, and I think they came out around the same time as X. Uh-huh. And Romeo Void. Right. Right. There was a nut-sucked LX-er. I stepped on David S. Six here. I'm playing this for you, by the way. Oh, my god. How about the basic rollers? Oh, geez. I don't think I have those around here. I have a great fit, David. Oh. Oh. There's a druggy song, by the fact. Um. They're so... Oh, it just brings back so many memories from me. No. Because I have my friends up in New York and they make tapes for me. Because WNY used to have the best college radio. Right. So when, like, you two and all these other bands were like, no-bye. You know, they hang out in the station for like four hours. And just play whatever came to mind. Right. And somebody will call and tell me what station it is in Orlando that plays the 70s revival show on Saturday night. But driving down from North Carolina, we listen to it the whole way as we pass through Florida, so like, for five hours. And they played every corny, 70 song that you ever heard, like the birth of Buggie. And, uh, and what else I'm not drawing a blank, but they played every corny, 70 songs from the south. I guess you... do you remember, uh, Black Betty by Ram Jam by any chance? Yeah. I don't know why, but I do. You know, it's a southern thing. And nobody else knows what I'm talking about except people who are raised down here who's next or is red as I am. Mine is. I is. But they played everything. They put everything except disco duck by the way. Somebody called when WNY was talking about the worst songs of all time. And they named off disco duck. No question. Bad song. But, uh, if I'm at the roller rink, you know, whatever. Well, you're so right. Yeah, you're so right. And growing up in two different cultures. What was considered pop music in the UK, you come over here and people look at you like, what the hell are you talking about? Oh, really. There used to be a radio show up in New York on W, any W, FM that Scott Munis used to do. You like one of these rock and roll dinosaurs, you know, when the beat. His name, the fame was like interviewing the Beatles the first day that got off the plane. And, does anybody forget about it? Um, and they used to play the jam. And whatever was, top 10 on the BBC charts, he would play. So I used to make tapes off this crappy little, um, cassette recorder because I couldn't afford to buy import record prices. Um, I couldn't find a lot of this stuff. Well, I think the roller rink would be the perfect place to play this crap because that's, that's where we heard most of it. And, um, and it's just a shame. Maybe they don't. Hey, why don't we, can we get like them to do? Oh, yeah. I have no idea. Because we got the people that will give us the CDs for free. I'll donate the CDs that they say that they'll, you know, play a track or two every once in a while on the course tonight. Can you maybe get them to do a clam night? I come up with a candle for that. Why the title of life? Thanks a lot. Thanks George. I've got time to start. If I did, the ride, the ride, the ride, the coconut, the coconut. Now we all know about the grind and the quality of the coffee. The track, the boat, the line, the coconut, the train, the boat. Do you remember the thing you two have a thing that she called a duck who woke up at the top? I think the nothing that can take us to the top. So the thing is barely here because it's down. I think the nothing that can make us go to the theater. But away I had my life up on you. So you ready for the night? I'll let me do this for you. I didn't say the effort. I'm not going to put the nut to play the boat. I'm not going to put the nut to play the boat. I'm not going to put the nut to play the boat. I'm not going to put the nut to play the boat. Mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes. How are you doing? Alright. Listen, there's a ring down on Sribler 114. It's called Funeral Stating Center. Like everyone's day night. They play all the good old stuff. Real one's day night, ladies night. Sribler 114, so like way out west? Yeah, it's down south, way out west. Well like that's almost all they play. I want to say night. Unwise it. It's like a ladies night. Yeah, it's like a night. It's not a door mic. Like where they are at the door. But mostly the kids are skating and they're mostly like 17, 16, 17. Okay. Well, I thought like they're playing old music like that. They're not going to draw any of the young punks. I need the teeny poppers. No, now like the punks. Not the back shoe boys. I thought like that. No, not flat. They don't have to. They really don't have to. They don't have to. But okay. Okay. So with the old place? It's called Funeral Stating Center. It's under roll. It's under. It's under wheels. It's. I think let me see. I got to fly around here. Okay. You address this one one four. One west. And this. You know what's worth trying for me to hear that. To hear that kind of stuff on roll around. Yeah, it's all that stuff. And it's. And you'd be amazed because mostly kids are skating. They're like really young. They're about 16. Uh, 16. 16. And there are things that stuff. The old stuff. You have a shoppers time. It's every week and right. I think they get. They're just thanks for the tip. The shuffleing, thank the god he reminded me. So we're at the roller rank two weeks ago. And they have. Um, they clear the floor and do these specialty things as they do in roller rinks. And they have the girls shuffle clear the floor girls shovelers on me. And of course all the guys we go up to the rail to watch the girls shuffle. Because. That's what you do. It's fun to do the girls look good and they look better when they shuffle. So we're watching the girls shuffle and we're thinking this is good. And then somebody said, And I don't know who it was. Now, are they going to have a guy shuffle because that would be kind of gay? And they did. And all these guys were at the rail watching, like, and who, I don't know who had the line, it was very funny line. Do you go any thing gayer than being out there doing the shuffle in the all guy shuffle? Is being one of these guys that's at the rail watching the guy do the all guy shuffle? And you know, and flip into the line, it's supposed to be a boy girl boy girl line when they do the shuffle line. So that it's not gay. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but I, I couldn't believe my eyes. All these guys are over there. Oh, look at that guy. He's pretty good. Maybe instead of guy shuffle, they actually said gay shuffle. Oh, you know what? I think you're right. I think you're wrong to something. Fort Lauderdale, hello. Yeah, George. Yes. I, how are you? I'm doing well. I'm a fifth time, I was just trying to run. I heard about house on the radio. At least you mentioned it. The lady did, because I played the Bauhaus bridge tender once a while back. Right. Right. I never bring my Bauhaus back by the way, Joe, speaking to that. Do I have it? Is it in there? Okay. Maybe I'll play a little bit more later. What are you doing? What are you doing in talk, in talk, right? You should be doing a music show. Well, you know what's funny about that? If I was on SM as a DJ, I would have absolutely no say in what I played. Really? As a talk show host, I can play whatever I want. What I want? Yes. What I want is great. It's great. You know what I want? It's not a sad commentary on the radio industry that you have to go into talk to be able to actually have some freedom and express yourself and play some good music. It's very sad that's not surprising at all in this country. Anyway. I can't believe that I'm not the only one that has the house at home and enjoyed the vision. You order, tuck, seat, or move, and you're fan all this stuff. I grew up with the British invasion. I come from Europe and I've been here 10 years and it's really right to other somebody else that nothing to music up there. Well, thank you very much sir. Anyway, keep up the great job and I'll talk to you later. Try for you. You went. Mobile and Western. Hello. Hi, George. Hi. Hey man. I just got back from search. It's about the Koda. Hi. I'll put it in the, at least it wasn't North Dakota. Well, nice, but it's like a rally up there. It was, yeah, finally. They all lasted. How did you run the badlands? Yeah, all over that area. We did reach out the mile of the United States. We'll stuff. I mean, if you like dry, craigy, mountain formations and things like that, and canyons. It's just the best. It is. Well, I wouldn't say the best. It's close to the best. Wow. We'll talk through Wyoming Colorado. South Dakota. We went off in that area. Do you know what bell grade Montana is? Sure. I mean, the hotel room in Rapid City, about five to three days in our store, Stan. We had the presidential suite. I find a gas receipt from Peter Fonda from bell grade Montana, really. Yeah. I'm not actually cool. I don't think it was the same Peter Fonda. Oh, yeah, no, we asked the cowboy. And he was just there a couple days, because we read surges middle the week. And he was there for the beginning of it. A lot of people like Ted Turner and a lot of these out-really rich celebrity types have ranches in Montana. Just because I was going to ask you, does Peter Fonda have to ranch up around the whole way? I don't know. We're done at great political do. Jimmy Buffett, even if you don't like his music, he knows we're good real estate is. Absolutely. I definitely would love to have a ranch up in Wyoming. I just loved it. I met Ravi Keneval too. Well, I would like to hear just which was kind of cool. Did a breakout ring front of me? My own pleasure. You there? I'm here. I love it. Yeah, I think it was pretty amazing. Yes, it is. Thank you very much. Yeah, what was sad? Who? The Indian. We went down the wounded. The Indian is sad. Oh, man. That is the press and going through the Indian towns. They are all right. They're right. They're right now. They're a mess. It makes you feel good when you drive through like Broward County at 441 in scene. The Bingo Hall is at least they're doing something, at least they're on the move, so to speak. An honorary recovery program with the gambling and God bless them. Like Browning Montana is an entire Indian town. It's the Blackfeet Indians. Once they're proud and noble people, they're just laying in the gutter, asleep across the park, and they're just going to be a great honor. Like Browning. The FBI's eyes all sunk into their head and it makes you want to cry. You know, the word thing you're pretty too. What? I never met an American Indian that was an friendly, nice person. Yeah, it's just that it's heartbreaking. It really is what happened to them. But hey, what the hell? We don't want real estate. I'm not going to give mine up. Well, I'm trying to help him. Anyway, I'll go back to you again. All right, absolutely. 5 to 1, 5 60, WQAN. Right. 4 20,5 60. Elf sugei ha brother I ran and whore for dust. 5 30,10. How's into run factory soo Because your dollar is the dollar of attack dead. Oh, my lord. Be set on in Renoir. Thinkin' a pathetic home-blow is fat. You don't think about the spell, get you tailored at that. Go, man, go! There you go! There you go! That's man, get me, go! You're a mentalistic fat guy. She'd know how to think of all this right. That's man, take two to shout at the house. Who would need this case to ask? Go, there's power. There you go! There you go! There you go! There you go! That's man, get me, go! There you go! Score, score, score, score, score, score, score, score, score, score. 101, 5, 60, W, Q, A, M, pound, 5, 60. On the AT&T, wireless line, and 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. On every other line, if you want to call and talk. Obviously, 9, 5, 4, and Broward, 305, and date. And Joe wants to plug his show. And that's the tradition. On the Friday, Neil gets to go to the airport early show. Get the plug, get the race and show. And then we're going to talk about whether or not I'm going to be wearing a towel. And we go to Play-Dose on the 28. Go ahead. Did the show. And then show. This weekend on Motorsports Saturday, Ron Fellows. He finished second to Jeff Gordon at a road course in Watkins Glen. He's a good guy. OK. Good, Adianne. From Toronto. OK. He'll be on the show. We've got to get. Are you sure? Off the stuff. Get ready for this weekend's action in all the motorsports field. So even if you don't like the other 14 or you wouldn't think that that could use it. You know, set your alarm. That's it. We're a towel, George. Now, you're talking about you're thinking of getting up and ball to wear a towel. Wear a towel and go wear the hot tub, the back room, the big room, the towel areas. That's right. I mean, if I'm going to go there, I get. All right. All right. I'm wearing a towel. Here's the scenario. Here's like among my many fears. Go ahead. Just put them on hold real quick and then come back to the microphone. Among my fears. Because I'm shy. My torso doesn't look like it used to. Now, I know because I see the guys that are running around there. There's some fat asses running around there. I look better than them. I have I have breasts because I have pecks with a layer of fat over them. So they look. I need a man's ear. Although I'm working on them. That's the old story. But anyway, you know, their fat asses running around there in a tall men. This is that are fatter and nastier than I could ever be on my worst day. But nevertheless, I'm self conscious just because I don't look like I used to. You know, even though I'm working on it. And by the way, it was a bad boy on vacation. Eight like a pig. But anyway, all right, here's the scenario. Even more than than my fat gut and my breast, my man breast. You're wearing your towel, right? And can Jenny come spusting through the door. No. And by the way, for the people that you want to know and play to the sponsors that we can talk about them a lot, they're in the city of Fort Latterdale. They're outside of the greasy clutches of the very Nazi anti-sexual. What's going on in his life can Jenny. I say what's going on in his life because I wonder about people that are sexual persecutors of other people, either they're very unhappy with themselves because they're not getting any. Or they are getting some and they want to put on a big show so that no one will will suspect them like Jay, I'd do Hoover with the factory. But anyway, so here's the scenario that I'm worried. All right, so I'm wearing my towel and I'm walking around and beautiful babe walks by and and and and Boeing. And now now you got a hat rack. That's you're okay with that you're okay with that. That's the biggest problem. Not like a big problem. I'm just, you know, I don't necessarily want to. That's like the whole problem with the nudist colony thing. I don't know how they do it. I guess after a while they'd be jaded, what about those first 15 minutes? That is the signal to this girl who's passing you by. Hey honey, want a shag without saying I'm so mortified and cowardly about the whole scenario. I like to see the people are so nice that you know they're nice to nice on the dance floor If you bump into somebody that's not a bad thing it's actually like a compliment. Nobody's going to take a swing at you. You know, what I'm talking about everybody's all. Certainly in hospital. Here's a happy bunch of people. And I like it to here's you go to the pool. Everybody's in the pool. Session around. Yuckin it up having a good time. Haven't fun. You want to be part of that. Happy. You want to be in there in the pool swimming around. Sposim around having a good time too. I don't even want to stick a toe in the water. I'm so scared. I don't. Maybe I got to get really good and tanked. Is that it? I have to get incredibly toasted. Maybe that's what it's going to take. We'll get you toasted then. I don't. Each time you go somewhere you have to build on what I'm getting all wrenchy. Just thinking about last time you sat at the table. You watch. Just going to be like the four day time. You squeeze my legs on spot. This time. This time. It did not. Didn't you dance? I dance with her. I don't think I squeezed her butt. Maybe I was shamed. I put my hands on her hips. But anyway. That's what my hands on the girlfriend. The girlfriend. The girlfriend. But nevertheless. 106. 560. WQA. I'm here's a mobile in the route. As soon as I find the button. Here's a mobile in the route. Hello. Yes. Yeah. How you doing, George? All right. Good. I like some of the music that you're talking about. I'm going to plot it to the 60s. I'm going to be using. I'll just come up a little bit later and honor that lady that calls and likes it by the way. Go ahead. Hello. Hello. Go ahead. I'm sorry. I'm just, you know, I like some of the music that you're talking about. I'm going to watch some things on VH1 about the 30 year anniversary of Woodstock in 1969. And it's nice. I mean, that music to me was the best. That's good. I like it. That's not the roller rake music. It's not necessarily true. That's true. But I like that. That's the music I'm not. It's kind of stuff that's on the dick soundtrack is. It's all the corny crap. You can play it in your cart like hide it. I would put like tape masking tape over the front so that people don't know that you have the thing. And then listen to it when you're all alone because people will laugh at you if they see you jam and out to pop corn by hot butter or on board of this. Right. You know we like that. You know we were all thinking along to that. That's wow wow. That's wow wow. You can see what's that. Oh. Oh. That's a nice old. You're a wise wife and wife. Are you sure? And the day is round sugar. Do it down and now I'm alive. Okay. Nothing bad. It was good. You really have the best of the truth. When it took up home to meet a mama and papa. You knew just about it. You were a little bit too much. One away. Five sixty w q a n. Miami. Hello. Hello. Miami. I want to trade lives with you sir. Mobile in Miami. Mobile in Miami. Yes. Yes sir. I hear you talking about play those. Uh-huh. And you said you've been there like four or five times now and never gone even. Another time. Never stuck a toe in the water sir. Yeah. I took my wife there for our anniversary last year. And she shocked me. Oh yeah. I mean, you know, we were in the went to the big room and then ended up in a little private room before the night was over with. Yeah. We've actually talked about going back a couple of times. You know, when you stop and think, you know, people talk about the price of it. Yeah. But when you stop and think, you know, what you're going to pay for a hotel room and dinner and drinks and everything else. Well, I know. So first of all, the buffet was great. I didn't expect the buffet to be as good as it was and it just keeps getting better. And so, so you guys like trade it off? No, no, no. Was it just me and her? I'm asking around, you know, I don't know how, you know, I'm very ignorant. I'm on the outside looking in and jealous that what's going on on the inside. Because you go in. One end of the big room for a little bit. Never. I mean, we walked through during the tour beforehand before anybody else was in there. And at IOD, they, you know, when they had the sex show on the passion bitch, a lot of the producers and everything would go there because they were sponsors of that. And everything and they had some stories. They came back with some stories. Yeah, hot tub stories, a matter of fact, Joe, Joe Castellas, I brought us just went through the ceiling. And I'm all jealous, but I'll tell you right now. I'm timid. I'm a coward. Now the back room, if nothing else, it's a very entertaining back there. That's what they say. Okay. Give us a little peek of the next time you're going to go there. Okay, go there. On the 28th, it's getting set up even as we speak. And then the following week, I'm doing the show the whole week, Neil's on vacation. So I'll definitely have a week to report. Okay, sir. Okay. You listen to the fourth. All right. Thank you very much. I'm scared to death. You know what's said about this whole thing is that Todd Drek is the AE for Plato. So I actually have to acknowledge his existence while we're working this whole thing out. And because they might be doing spots on the show. Might. If nothing else, the dance floor is just a... That's it. You know, right there, the buffet, the drinking, the dance floor, the ambiance, the friendliness of the people. It was just a jolly good time. And if nothing else. And that's why we keep going back because because that part of it is all fun and fun. And even if you're a coward like me, you can bug out before anything gets to come up. And get to come on George, get a lock on. I'm so scared. I'm shaking. I'm shaking. Thinking about it. So, I'll go to you. Do it again. This is a bit like that. That'll happen. I like to see what you want me to do. If you're a hot dog, you're throwing thunder down the front of the train. Turn down the front of the train. I wear a coat of thunder down the front of your eyes. Turn the face upside down. Sizzle up to eyes. Sizzle up to eyes. There's no problem here anyway. It's a wonderful place. It's all always good. It bites theow in your eyes because you think of the viral fun. Anybody Mississippi. I don't know. It fates the wild libro. Speausies in the wild those little thoughts and Pretend that you're an angel. It's better if you knock head compromises I go down the Paris bezpieais, you just go to Paris injuries. Kakka, who this one, what else? What am I missing? That's what we have to stop. I don't know. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. All the stars are awake. They're in stars. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. When I came to the WPOM, I just have an 0.560 in town 560. On the 18th to wireless line. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hey. Hey, help you out. We've rolled over a ring for a set of clubs. What can you help you with? I was pack calling about you. We're talking about the guilty pleasure 70 types of songs. Yeah. Like popcorn. I was thinking, you have to talk about the radio station in Orlando. Why don't I know what that one is for people. But I know that a lot of that stuff is starting to show up on the form of she. Some, you know what they, and again, like, they did with the alternative. They got really close and then they changed the format there. They're right on the verge of having something there. Every time I turn it on, they'll play like a couple of songs. And I'm like, oh, this is, you know, this is going somewhere. And then they'll play some really, really bad stuff. And I have to go away. Too much prints for sure. Like the prints and like, we don't want to hear the recent corn that we're still very tired of. We want, yeah, I know what you mean. But they, they need to go a little bit further. Dig a little deeper. Come on. Grow some balls. People play like brother Lewis. You know what I mean? Right. Something like that. Go ahead. And there's also a show, a syndicate show called Flashback. It's on. They've won a six from, from the morning. Pretty morning. It's like. Usually on Sunday morning. I don't know when it starts exactly. I always wake up and just turn it on and it's there. I can't bring. What do you look like like, like, like, four, a couple, like a dick thing, everything comes back. You're seeing a lot of these compilations coming out now with all those kind of stuff on it. I don't know, I'm trying to break it. It's a good start. I don't know. It's a couple of years back. Put out a whole series of CDs call, have a nice day. It had, but but alluring and it all had joy by a power 100. I'm just going to go ahead. Joy by a power 100 and run run run by JoJo. I don't know if you know that one. And I'll put the really great stuff and the thing about winery is you know they never use remakes. Right, right. It was great. Oh yeah. But there was about 13 oh and just anything you could ever have won is from that era. Is on that thing the only thing is they're kind of grouped funny. Okay. Just want to let you know that there are some places in town to find it. Trying to find it at the right time. And at the right place I want it at the Roller Ranks so that I can complete the scenario. Yeah. And I really don't know anything about the CIFC cluster. When I was a kid, we used to go to a new to scout up in Cocoa. You know what I envy the new to because they seem like the most together and well adjusted people on the planet. And again, it's too late for me. I'm already two body conscious. The daughter saying hey you know that let's go to the new to school. If I want to swim naked stuff like that and I'm saying you and mom go go not go have fun with each other. I don't want to be part. I mean seriously. Right. I'm ruined. I'm ruined by this society. Well the thing is, if you were like me when you thought it was a little too, to me it's very natural. It has no social connotation from it. If you grew up in that kind of a scenario but it's too late for me. It's got no sexual connotation. I understand. I know that but there's a lot of things that would be there. I don't know what other things that would do nothing for me. I right. But it's too late for me. I'm like with me it's the self consciousness. And it's supposed to be about avoiding right then whole nudist thing. Everybody's body either you know at least okay if not beautiful. All that you know. Right. Happy kind of stuff too late. I'm already jaded. I'm already you know. But you can go down and it'll get you excited. It will or won't. It will. Where the photo just being at. Exactly. Every day thinking. And I'm worried about that. I'm a bad protocol to walk around the nudist colony. Sport and wood. Absolutely. Well. I don't see how I could not. I understand. Okay. You have a good weekend. Thank you. You too. What? The whole idea of that is your seeing stuff you wouldn't normally see. I'm anti-nudist because then it takes away that special. Exactly exactly. And yeah. So just as well. Just as well that nudity still holds some thrill for me. Miami. Hello. Hi George. He's probably from the past. Hey how are you? All right. Hey I've seen Dick three times. It's a greatest movie. Do you remember time? Yeah. Twice in two days. Because it was good or because people just want to do. No. It's so funny. Okay. Funny. You've never seen. All right. Great. Hey have you heard about musicians called Fish Karma? No. He does this couple of songs. One is God is a goofy guy. And another one is God save the NRA. Hmm. Never heard of him. No. Do you know the label? Triple X records. Yeah. I think you can go to the CD if you want. Okay. Yeah. You feel like it. You think? Yeah. Yeah. I think. Yeah. Definitely. We'll pass it by. All right. All right. These are thanks a lot. I want to say that he was coaching his passport. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Yeah. I can watch it. But it kind of fizzled towards the end of the last season was up. Yeah. Yeah. The end, right. Exactly. But the early stuff was great. I wish I was worth the contest. The masturbation contest. Things like that. And then after that, they shot their wad. Yeah. It's like any like an athlete who's trying to still play football on these 48. No. I don't have saggy man breasts. They're just pronounced because I used to have pecks. And then I got fat. And then so now I have a layer of fat over my face. Wow. So it looks you know, I was a woman and I shaved my chest. Hey, that'd have a nice looking little a couple going there. Show that. I'll give it to me crap. He's like, he's a fatty food. Do some cardio and do some bench and then I'll go and I am doing the benching. And you know what? It's like it's making it worse because the pecks are coming back. And the layer of fat is still there. And you should probably do decline bench. It's a build on the bottom of your chest. And it will probably, I mean, I know you don't want to do that. I don't know. I need to build up a peck. But that's what I just thought is that you didn't do incline. You'll build up the top. Oh, listen. About that place. You're going to go this like the fifth time you've been there. But you've never even put a towel on. No, no, no. Okay. Now what's here for big problem? What's your fear? I'm self conscious. I don't want to walk around with a woody in the towel covering it up. Looking like a hat. I heard that earlier. First of all, if you walk fire girl that was in a place like that. And you just got a woody by looking at her shit. You thrilled. That's the first thing. Okay. I wouldn't be embarrassed in the slightest bit of that happened. Okay. And then second. You're absolutely good. Hold on. You're actually a compliment there. Well, you know, it's so like it. Like you said earlier, if you're there for 10 or 15 minutes and you're excited in the beginning. So laying a belly on the, you know, until that stuff goes away. But now after a while, it's like you're watching TV. Okay. Body's been naked. They look good. You know, some of them look good, but it, you know. Until you start touching them, you'll be pretty much under control. All right. And the last thing is, man, say to them, what to get the towel on? Get in the back room and see what's gone on. Take it off and enjoy yourself. And don't let me eat yourself. What do you think? Every other person that's back is doing the same damn thing. Okay. Yeah. I'm going to be afraid of. I doesn't help me, but okay. All right, Nancy. Okay. Thank you very much. And Joe brings up a good point about the dance floor. I wanted to get back to that. Because that's a very good point. When you're at the normal clubs, the quote unquote normal clubs, and you're out there dancing. You see these baits on the dance floor. And they're wearing their little mini skirts and you're looking at their ass and thinking, boy, I would just like it if she'd just lift the floor. She'd just lift up her skirts and show us what's under there. I played those. That's exactly what happens. Right? Right when you're sinking it to right when you're thinking, there it is. God, I just wish she would hike that thing up and show me what's there. And she doesn't guess what, no wonder where. Total lack of underwear. What a great, beautiful thing. And see, so I can go and enjoy those little sheep throws and never have to put the towel on. I mean, I'm just having, I get, obviously, I'm short-changing myself. If I'm having that much fun wearing my street clothes, the implication is I could have a lot more. I put a towel on and went into the back room. It's like you just put the towel on. Where's your talking big? We'll see. We'll see if you put on a towel. We'll put on the day. You talk big now. We'll see. Pompo no beach alone. Hey, George, how you doing? Are you calling say hi? Hi. Hey, we used to play in the bath house. Yes, I was. Wow, impressive. Hey, it's a good thing you're losing like that. I missed the Smiths and ministry. We're going to play the Smiths on the vacation. Hey, how about some joy divisions? Joe Castell was just telling me he's got joy division in the car. I don't know if he's going on the elevator and get it before the end of the show. There's a whole turmoil turn of now. It's ridiculous. When I hear a wish, it's good on Rick D show. It's over. Yeah. I'm sorry. I need to come up with another word to describe the alternative alternative. Right. And how about this? Let's get about this corn and lift this canlose. You know, it's to me, it's just the water down real, Machal version of the beach. Yeah. The beaches of the private, most influential ban left 15 years. Sure. We should have a great weekend with a lot of BC's. You two. Six. One. Care. One. 28. Five. Sixty. Two. Five. Five. Six. Two. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Six. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Nine. Four. Five. Five. Four. Six. Probably five. Nine. Five. Ten. Cap? Not very much bigger. Clean body. I'm too busy. I'm too busy. I'm too busy. Jester O'Pill. I'm too busy. I need private covers, rock classics. Now available, and for a limited time only, send in your proof of purchase, the return soon, and Emily Goodsart, reflect the one-time play. Chancar and Gelza were ever seeking results. You get lead credits, cutters, rock classics. 1.26. 5.15. W.25. 705.16. Pound 5.60. On the AT&T Wireless line, one call, and then I'm going to play some more crap. Is what I've got, cute up, mobile and land 10, a hello. What's up, George? Nothing. Hey, I heard Neil talked about Eve 6 yesterday. Yes. They're actually on a compilation that's like a tribute compilation, who, what I think is one of the best underground bands ever, the Pixies. Are you familiar with the picture? They're amazing. But, um, you know what's the label, what label are they on? Eve 6. I told that compilation for that matter. Well, glue factory records. The real pawn, the penned label, I think it's not an alibi. And the all these little independent labels are owned by somebody bigger anymore. It's like the radio industry. They've all been absorbed by the giant of me, but it's stuff. So, all these record reps that we have, they represent a whole bunch of labels. And I don't know who's on what. So, just, I'm not going to get, I want people to say it because whoever's listening, you know, that's one of your labels. Hey, is that as the disc? We'll talk about it. Yeah, yeah. I'm sure it gets to major distribution. We're on it. Some failed fan. I am a lot of good bands on it. Right. Also, have you ever been to respectable and what's pawn beach? No. What's pawns a bit of a shellap? I know there's good clubs like up in Vokin, West Palm, and things like that. And people keep wanting me to go and I don't want to go all the way up there. I don't want to drive up there. I don't want to drive it back drunk. It's a really nice club. But fun, clon lattice. A lot of great new independent artists play there a lot. And, uh, enclosing John Owens, you're a douchebag. Okay. Thank you very much. Here's a mobile in South Miami, and then we're going to play some, uh, crap. Hello? Hello? Yes? Yeah. What was that, um, a group that, uh, you can make the game on Keylobs too, uh, I can't remember. I don't know. Sir, why don't you call an ask meal? I had that's a really no idea. 25 to 1 is 5.6. WQ, yeah. You can see. Step on your arms. Okay. Oh, right. Oh, right. What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? Not because you were. Oh, don't pass because you were. And have a big five-haul. But we have to do nothing. They'll see if I can't afford. And you and my brother. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I have a good, good, good, good, good. From the hell are you? So, uh, you're a good, good, good, good. You're a good, good, good, good, good. You're a good, good, good, good. You're a good, good, good, good. You're a good, good, good, good. You're a good, good, good, good, good. You're a good, good, good, good, good. You're a good, good, good, good, good, good, good. You're a good, good, good, good, good. You're a good, good, good, good, good, good. You're a good, good, good, good, good, good, good. You think? I thought you broke out of us, we're happy with that. Bit by bit. You'll make them cry. And it broke out. And it's right to keep on crying. It's because it's hard to keep that cry. And it's hard to keep that cry. So, now I'll get it. You're a good, good, good, good, good, good. You're going to help you, yeah. I'm a good, good, good, good, good. I'm a good, good, good, good, good, good. And you're a good, good, good, good, good. Good, good, good, good, good, good. You're a good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good for you, well good to be Winnie Pigeon, Chesum, well good, good, Good, good, good, well good, good, good, good,, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, pull, do you need the little one, good, if you can tell me running everything, I can't stop, great, so well, you know, better, good, good, good, good, good, what should we do today? Okay thank you, great, Like that like that song there. I could play it for me avoid or I could take a break 5-6-705-60 pound-5-60 on the AT&T Wireless lines 22-2-1-5-60 QA-N The sublusting guy on my dad I go on them You know the dammit just was a nice style so I don't know when I even work in nightstand here's a janitor in this whole office building Yeah Just because I was gonna guess but hey, there's no room in one way Okay, there's a big cheese now. Hey, how you doing tonight? Hey, what's up? How are you doing? Yeah, have it a pretty tough night Yeah, good night night Hey, you're gonna watch it and watch a game tonight Yeah, I'm gonna watch a street street pizza beer night over there and I'll put it on the tough day But I just watched it be with the fellows over the bar Oh, yeah, well, I'm just gonna listen to it on this whole radio here to end tumis Kind of shaking Are they gonna drink street color TV over there? It's a best picture of a big green color of a great picture I heard it is the last year like the baby when you know I got all my work down I'll really you're doing your all done. Yeah, you should go to maybe I could well Let's say what? I got my BMW in the garage. I got a lot of food and a great one there. I could pick up the You can drive anything. No no I'll give my car keys. Why don't you clean out my car? I got a wick at the end of the back seat Yeah, I got this and it's like I don't even clean it up with us I'm gonnaize it. I'll be back at about two hours and I'll maybe I'll bring you a piece of pizza. Okay, dad We'll be able to take a lot of here my keys and I'll be careful with the scratch the car Now I'll be back at about two hours Yeah, I think that was you're not gonna bring are you ungrateful you asked or said you were worth You can't be my son. Nobody's that ungrateful you I'll take your The staying BMW and run that mother Right into them damn little You were nothing But only the things you're talking good Think face this message brought you by the National cursing foundation and remember our motto Go To see if you'll see five sixty w q a and boy can you imagine the number somebody could do if they had Bob and Tom is a lead in Oh, I'm sorry five six seven Oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18 to wireless line Herp from Plato is my only call on the board So it's gonna be a lot of music That's nothing and I think they're not calling on perfect because they like the music on perfect on purpose Hey, herb I hope you have a lot to say by the way you're on the air herb Hi, how are you doing? I'm doing all right herb How's everything going? I've been listening to very interested the way you were talking about the school teacher proposition Yes, I think you got 100% right Yeah, really except in my case Except the one you're talking about these school teachers that I wanted to bag when I was in junior high And I just think that they've gotten I'm so happy to see the public get in reach and get involved I really am Yes, I think it's about time that people start to realize that if the one segment of this gun to go down Is it kind of will affect everybody not just one person? That's right So you're just talking about your club a lot of people calling up telling me that I need to do well put a towel on and go into the back room there Well, you have no we had a 8 FPL how to pilot say I yet not us Unfortunately, it affected the club for about an hour It blew up a main transformer. They did not us They're affected the tower in a whole area and we went out for about an hour But we're all back online now no problems Everything's cool that happens when it gets hot there, you know that the power does fail and there's something like that happens did Todd direct call you today Bonnie chance Yes, he did that's the reason I'm calling. Okay, great. You asked me to give you a call You said it was important that I speak to you So yeah, I'm important. I want to you know, I want to go and do this it you guys again Radio behind the pleasure and do know that you would go and everybody else more than welcome to come any We're trying to get as many of the people from inside the station here is uh, you know To go in with us so that we can have embarrassing stories to tell about them We're happy where I have no problem all year to just no love you know when and it's a done deal the 28 28 no problem. It's not okay, okay, her be terrific I'll look forward to seeing you and everybody Joe and the whole crew. It'll be my pleasure trust me Okay, okay, her take it out here you you're welcome. He has a master than what did he say when he was given a Support the like clinical psychology or something like that and he's running a swing club I love her but he's a great guy and he could do the the whole religion thing I'm not gonna get into that today but the religion that I want to revive Well, we're saving that for the vacation week, but what are you watching? M2 this now beautiful Girl, you know you talk daily. I don't know what she's selling by darling Billy Yeah, I thought of before I just hear the condo This is you Honey All right, that's enough 13 till 2 5 60 W Q a and please call 5 6 70 5 60 and Palin 5 60 on the AP and T were less long well, I'm not gonna yell at the people like the old man does when I get the cloud that he does Maybe I'll think about whipping and beating the audience and see and they hung up They were only on their two minutes. We had one call and they couldn't wait long enough for me to listen to a piece of building a little bit of Billy because she's cute have some patience you people for crying out loud or I'm gonna play What I could play something from dick. I could play some dick or I could play Romeo void Yeah Maybe I'll just go through this for all not all right. I'll pick this one up. You you screen that one and I'll type talk to this person Doug W Q a m hello Hey, hey, that's right up the door. I want to try get a little throw-hinder out of him out of who oh out of him out of me I'll not today sir not today no feel hungry today plantation. Hello. Hey, are you doing okay? Did you happen to catch the editorial on George Bush and his cocaine habits of the past and how he's denying all that? Not the editorial's I mean it's been all over every every newspaper and and news well of course But I mean what do you think the final line that is you think he's gonna say? He's not gonna blow anything. He's gonna keep all obsescating. He's gonna keep hoping that people stop asking him the question And it's not gonna stop and I think that it's gonna blow Pardon upon up in his face. Yeah, just do bro. I think that's good. I think I think the the pigeons have come home to roost at the Republican party I think that if they hadn't made a big deal about Clinton and and the potting Nobody would be making a big deal out of the bush thing right now, but having a reality wrap right So because they made a big deal about that and the same thing with the blow job police when they were making a big deal about build getting blown in the oral office You know, and then they started exposing all those Republicans that were having affairs You know what I'm saying? They had to resign and embarrass me see what's good for the goose is good for the game He's a good Christian and she wanted a more to kill my bush. I don't think I can be real Republican without being a good Christian I was gonna say he had said good Christian up ring it used to be an economic party It used to be founded on economic principles, but I said that they were changing those a little on time ago Extraordinary rock and roll baby All right, thank you very much. I look at this. We got some calls now for some crazy reason. There's that line six Hollywood hello George is pushed to turn. Oh God Do your field hello? Jarks. Yes, three eleven guys. Hey, how are you? Good. How are you? I'm sorry. I don't have anything to queue up for you. Hey, well I think I'm done anything interesting and while anyone beautiful disaster What what who what what the only thing I've gotten from them lately is that live Album how is it in It's not a good as a studio stuff. What can I say I won't buy it don't you have impeccable taste in music Wow, thank you very much sir all kinds of music all kinds I go all over the place. I'm an 80's guy myself There you go. I got waitress is cute up to I think I'm not on this not on this not on this I got like this this disc and thank you Tracy Mealy for the CMJ the year in music 1982 and they have 80 81 82 79 and all these things Madness XTC soft self Yeah, you know ABC hair care put 100 But stuff like and then but the other discs have all kinds of really good stuff on the malls I played them before and and got people all upset people were calling up ripping me So to play madness. Oh, yeah madness is great. What can I say our house And was that the back street boys that little bit you played earlier What I'd be playing the back street boys that we met that little little Little that little bit you played about like the parody of you can just like turn out anything and yeah Oh, that was Boca Brian he just he just turned on the drum machine and whatnot. That's all that was that reminds me of the back street boys completely Okay, I'm not you know, I don't want to have to agree with you, but I guess he's on the plane by now so