Alright this is Sports Radio 560 QAAM Spore the O560 W2AM Miami Fort Lodervale presents the Neo Rodgers show Air hopped a needle called 560-560 toll free for data-brower or pound 560 on your cell phone The opinions of Neil his guest callers are anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley re-dequisitions or the Beesley Broadcast Group now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAAM Spore a PX-520 What are we gonna do when we ain't on everything What are we gonna do when the rules have changed What are we gonna do if we don't rewind Or will we have to wear those balls and he's changed What are we gonna do when bandits want him What are we gonna do when he calls him a turn You turn What are we gonna say when it's all over You seems to be the sample at the world What's there bad? So bad And we're not allowed to say them Not to see where it is that's the real world In the bad So bad Why you saying no So whole state But it always works for me That fuck you seems to be the simplest world Well, we got a full play today Maybe you can almost taste it And I'm gonna save a whole lot of lives today You know that? Especially after seeing that thing on the front page Guess what? It's bad to be fat Let's discover that bad to be fat Such to be you and bad to be fat Two of our favorite songs And spite of what that big all over I was gonna rip open but the fact is that fat women For some reason if you look like an angel mama and you're of color Don't worry about it. You're still gonna live to be 100 And even if you're like you look like who's a big fat black guy Boy foster If you're exactly there you go Bro like that Don't worry about it because you're probably lived to be Another couple days anyway But if you're white, male or female You got real problems So I'm gonna save a whole lot of lives. Thanks to my friend Alan at Delights of Wysboka And thanks to our good close personal friend Peter Leonard There you go. He's redeeming himself almost as much as Michael hold the male I think we might have to put Peter Leonard in Michael hold the male on probation today Give him a little bit of a reprieve. Not full pardon But at least step along a little bit Nice job is stealing my short from yesterday Michael male, which you've done so many times But a good job in putting it down there in print So I can read it on the ear in a little while First of all some of the most important business today Soft floor to courier services This is important stuff There's been a Last week or ten days I'd go out on the elevator here There's been a young man in the building Kind of like wandering around like a lost step child I would say about 20ish And extraordinarily good looking young man I would say a spectacularly good looking young guy And no abling place I don't think just doing a polka English Very little Cool y'all of some kind Maybe one year or maybe a Almost somebody else as well as maybe one of mine But at any rate he worked so come to find out yesterday I was going out and there's Igor Igor you're actually a good guy It's better the fact that you're really really creepy But you're a good guy But he's out there in a park a lot of explaining to me how this guy Backed into the spectacular thing and he was delivering the wallpaper And in the meantime my good close personal friend whose name I don't know yet And I got to find out very soon That's your new assignment by the way And your spare time since you have so much these days I used to find out the name of our good close friend who works for Soft Florida Courier services So at any rate he's going out to his vehicle Now I thought this guy worked for the phone company Or something like that I didn't know but of course I was looking right interest So I'm kind of like looking because he's going off to his vehicle Which is behind me now and Igor is going And Igor is going, Bapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapap this article in this on set list morning by Josie Lambe since this isn't an internal memo that we're not supposed to be done a year and since it gets a newspaper isn't interesting it gets in the newspaper but we get an internal memo about somebody when I was supposed to read it on the year even though in the Humper Humper got to spread that was on the year it was in the newspaper and I'm talking about right and then when the Joe Rose got suspended that was on the year and it was also made in the newspaper how do you like that so we'll save the little wind stop later by dump the bitch right now well we'll save it anyway so anyway gpg which stands for global production group which is kind of like a promotion company for companies that don't have a promotion company like this one spent the last two days remastering the disc with all the original CD right look up their two minute sounds spectacular in the mail this morning we just listen to this morning it sounds great it's crystal clear it's beautiful there's no compression there's no distortion there's no like that which by the way I noticed our signal if you notice lately the last couple of days that's right oh there's something wrong with our yet the bottom end of the radio down not just on 441 but all over the place we got pop popping and puking and crackling you understand on my roof that day that I was sick to pick up the state yeah this is a miracle by the way god bless all you listeners out there all 50 of you who are left because we you know you can't hear the goddamn station anymore but anyway so they called every CD pressing plant the country and found one that'll do six days since the people that screwed up the CD the first place are not accepting responsibility for it they're going to have to mud wrestle over you yeah how is that my deal between the post-after or what they put out but they find a place they're fast as time turn around time is six business days and it's in the mail today and hopefully we should have it in time for the people of the parents but no problem oh yeah well I'm six days we got like nine days leeway until October 19th who's the October 19th, 16th, 18th of the pizza law and let me say it again if you bought and the cassettes are okay they're fine no problem those you won't have to exchange them they're still on sale on sure it's specs and also more good news the specs over and four mires will be having a shipment of all of our stuff the best of the old non-99 you four mires which I'll get that thing out and give you the dress a little bit later on it's not a good round with too much stuff today man we're busy busy busy loaded with just tons of crap by the way don't need to watch that stuff here and could make you shit yeah but it's no it won't know if that won't but those uh well anyway I'm I'm telling you Allen of the light of our west book and he likes the west book or your my gods and you're my hero baby because enough of this fat and of course the audience and oh yeah we've heard it 7000 times you fat slob over the last the eight one a year you're a fat pizza craft yeah you're right always start with good intentions though that's the best you can do and you never give up you never throw in the towel but as long as you got stuff to nasha and even the glam needs stuff to nasha and in between the old sticky going just something that has almost no carbs but it's got some taste something as opposed to a king sized liquor bar something as opposed to a fish dick from bed and Jerry's something as opposed to something as delicious but has eight million grams of carbohydrates in it something else that'll satisfy your taste will tide you over to whatever the next crisis is here in his place and keep you loose in a goddamn way five pounds in one day I'm gonna tell you something I think plus the fact of course that bluff is out of here now and you stop crying in the hallway so but I mean my brain is like starting to settle back into the cranium and the pressure now we've been through a couple of weeks here that you wouldn't believe and speaking of that Josie lambi does got this column which I'll read in a moment and also I'm starting to find out more information this is only the tip of the iceberg as far as the same the scan situation is concerned here at WQA I mean if you heard the horse or whole story that too that's right in fact it might be a lot of that going on today before we're through so how's go and do it but and don't forget we don't want to mess around with her reputation she doesn't lie just keep in mind she told me that last Friday for a half hour here I don't feel it I don't lie at that okay in the tradition of the disaster musical comes into Lloyd Weber's Jews in the attic the end Frank Dyerie you'll leave the theater humming those catchy tune like no more being I'm writing all this down don't flush till enough he's going home I turn in my parents for a stick of the odor it it's using the attic in Frank Dyerie C.D. available now all 14 at 560 WQA don't forget the auction for all the good stuff that we're giving out today $3,000 is the high bid all day today but on the wind Dixie QM auction package which includes all of the following a trip for two to the beautiful Atlantis resort in the Bahamas including Airfare transfers hotel meals Perificates to every remaining regular seating home dolphin game with the Jimmy likes it or not 500 dollar gift certificate to Manhattan jewelry exchange at the Oasis in the saw grass mills mall and autographed on Shulof football honey like that a ride a hundred dollar windows a gift certificate certificate for dinner in runway 84 restaurant in poor waterdale give certificate for one hour of a limited use at corner kick indoor soccer facility when you try to control yourself that's a great place runway 84 they're giving up meal for ten people don't kid you know that a joint or also a Luis Miguel six foot wall poster and limited edition vinyl double album by creed all of these things total package values over four grand and you can call the bid on all this 305 65.0.169 and also you can call in the make donations to this charity it's one of your roses favorites it's women up tomorrow a mentoring program for high school girls in date and brought it's really good cause and all of the money by the way we'll go to them it will go to them there'll be none there will go to a paid real Guerrero any of those things like you know we had that government problem it guarantee would all go to them so the current bid is three thousand dollars and if you want to improve on a bid you can call a six five oh one six nine that's a 305 number six five oh one sixty now we'll be doing this all throughout the day by the way can you hear what you get anything right no I don't want to start a big song to dance it's only nitpicking I realize but nevertheless I wear a guarantee you can look in a Harold airbiday in finding embarrassing mistakes big ones little ones and this is a very minor one but I take it personal because last night both my teams one how about those panthers huh how much of a crowd last night pretty disappointing pretty bitterly disappointing and a lot of assholes that left early see like I told you before you can leave whatever you want but in a one goal game if you if you made the effort to come out why to help why states you like all a first 55 56 minutes of action and the lead lead with four five minutes left in a game what kind of a bozo does that because then with less than two minutes to go the panthers score three times in about a minute and 17 seconds and when a game I passed their pop out baby beautiful pass rate and their Victor sticks it in their nice going baby it wasn't their best performance and it was like there were a half a step off all night long and pop out missed a couple of open that stare and the melamine missed on a beautiful past by brewery and it just couldn't do the right things and it looked like it was going to be a grim turn out and when you pull it out like that you got to say all right and then if I can get you I mean and then of course on the score but I'm watching I'm biting my fingernails enough to my elbow and I see the final score to auto two and the Colorado one right and Barathe is online and Barathe gets it back he has a right to do so often and now hopefully the rate group two purposes stolen there by career it short ahead and a short jumper quick donut tryES infectious All right, guys, baby. So anyway, we're going to get this dream on. And I looked at my standing, my hockey standing, and you were buying me a hero with still making mistakes. This morning, there's the Florida Panthers on top of the Southeast Division. Underpeded in two games with four points. Nice, girl. Baby. And the Northeast Division, I'm taking a look at this. And here's Ottawa, in the first place with four points. Through I was in second place with six points. Isn't last time I checked six more than four? Uh-huh. What somebody call up the hero to tell him last time we checked six is more than four. Not that it's a big deal. It's just another god damn mistake. And a newspaper that can't get any information correct for us. Ottawa's got four points, they're in first place. The least got six points. We're in second place, my fat ass, okay? So anyway, getting to the important stuff. Josie Landby, in the South Florida incident, by the way, speaking of a hockey ticket, I'm not going to be, we're not going to have other, see, here's the deal. I see, I thought the Yankees were playing again last night. I thought all these must be Yankees fans who didn't show up tonight. They're watching a playoff games on television. That's why we got these thousands. See, it says 13,751 in the paper for the attendance last night. There is no way. That's tickets sold. We had maybe 11,000 people last night, maybe. It was pretty grim. Emberessent. And I'm thinking, well, the Yankee people must stay home. And I find out the only baseball playoff because the Braz game was already over. Was the Cleveland and Boston game last night, who now gives a crap about that, which I got home at time to see the end of that anyway. So that was no excuse because the night before in Madison Square Garden, the Ranger home, over there, which they lost by the way. I saw big chunks of empty seats at NST, which there are never any unsolved seats at Madison Square Garden for the Ranger Games for years and years. But the reason they were big chunks of empty seats is the Yankee's were playing home. And a lot of those people went to the Yankee game. So I'm thinking, in the last night, while these New Yorkers, you know, maybe they stayed on the watch show, but it was none. They didn't play live. So what was the excuse? See, with me, my philosophy is, if you're not going to be there when you got tickets, give them to somebody. Make sure their asses in your seat, which is what I'm going to do today with my seats for Saturday and the Red Wing game. My two great seats there in 101 in the Park and Pass, the preferred parking pass. I'll give them away to somebody here today to make sure their asses in our seats, because they can't be there. So I'll have a lot more to say about that eventually, but getting to host Josie Lambeet in the South Florida insider and the bottom of whatever section this is in the Sun Center this morning, more OJ fallout, it says. Is if we needed any more, okay? And like I said, it's only the tip of the iceberg. OJ Simpson has claimed another victim says Josie. San Duke, promotions director at WQAM Sports Radio, has been suspended indefinitely for his role in bringing the fallen idol to the station's celebrity golf tournament. The juices appearance that they teach at the Shishi, or he sure uses a lot of a Faggy words don't know, at the Shishi logo Mar country club in plantation, blindsided many at the station, including part owner Greg Reed who dealt with public backlash. On top of it, Duke originally said he vetted raised 25G's for center one, but only $2,000 made its way to the age charity. Now, here comes a bombshell. Oh, man. Here's the next line in this story, which you guys, I don't even know how to read this without the egg on our post. Some of the rest said Reed went to OJ related expenses. The hope. A man who was told specifically, we don't want you here. He was uninvited to appear. Whose name was not on the celebrity guest list. Who didn't draw anybody to be there or raise any money for us, because nobody knew he was going to be there anyway except maybe, and a couple of other people in this building who certainly don't lie. Much, unless they're alone or with somebody. How do you like that for embarrassment? Some of the rest went to OJ related experiences. I spent whatever experiences. Maybe maybe about 20 grand went to Pedro Guerrero. Yeah. Maybe we can sniff it out. Find out what. Well, somebody's got to supply the good stuff. I mean, here we try to tell OJ to take a powder and I guess maybe took it the wrong way. So who knows what the real figure was. I have no idea how to know. All I do know is that it's even more embarrassing that was before, unbelievably embarrassing. So here's Michael Mayo this morning. J.J is very good at the playing game. And let me say it again. Thank God for me. I was getting ready to rip the Humper by the way. I was just wondering about 25 years. I was running. Oh, he showed yesterday when he was sucking up to Jimmy. What a suck up job that was. But I find out from BFODUS. And thank God because Hank and I get along great. I love Hank. I mean, he's just the wonderful. He's been great to meet these two years. I've been here. Everything is fine with Hank. I heard 25 minutes in which he was trying to minimize this whole J.J. Marino thing. And the colors, of course, the suck up colors. Oh, you're so right, hammer, you're so right. And it's much easier to do about nothing. He didn't say nothing. And of course, it's like the big sports the way all around the world. Everybody's having an nervous breakdown about it. In fact, our Mondo Silguero in the very inaccurate hairless morning says, Marino and Colts Moore disagree with J.J.J.J.J.J.J. and goes on to point out that anybody with a brain realizes he don't be ripping a super star after you lose a game because you're a heart ass. Nobody with a brain would do that. But then we come to find out from before later on, and they Hank kind of like shifted gears. And you know something, kneels right. That a boy, Hank. Hey, stop it. Better late than ever. Let's see, this is the problem. I told the guys in the hallway this morning, just like the thing they had last you with Brian Murray and then hockey coach or show when you're going to do a coach or show, you got real problems. Because if you're a talk host who's supposed to be given out your honest opinion, and you do a show in interview with a coach every week, you've got to kiss the coaches as a little bit. Or maybe a lot depending on if he's a heart ass like Jimmy or a paranoid insecure goofball like BM, paranoid insecure doospegg. But the fact is that I haven't ever done that, and I didn't hear it, maybe we'll get some spy reports. Evidently Hank redeemed himself into the complete 180 in the middle of the show. And to you know something new was right. And of course I was right. It's not a debatable point. Even if you think Murray knows a hundred years old, he thinks the place, that's not the issue. The fact is you don't like finger out your superstar and to be rate him publicly. And make all of these goddamn comments. But my good, close personal friend Michael Mayo, like I said, he's been moved up to probation level now. He's been a lot out of death row, and we moved to Maxwellian Approbation. And one or two more good columns, and we would make sense, even if they're still on from the show. And in fact, preferably if they're still on from the show, and we might actually take them off probation and put them back into our good graces again. Michael Holda Mayo, which by the way, you know what, empty them what they put on there. I was gonna say on their fries, if we're gonna say on their f***, that's too private. JJ is very good at the blame games as Michael Mayo, if you missed this column, I'm gonna read it to you. It may be a little bit on the boring side, it's not that long, but it's right on target. And says it exactly the way I said it here yesterday. And you want to know why? Because he stole the whole column from the show, even Biple agreed with that. Just ripped this column off directly. So thank God for me. See Michael Mayo, you should call us today. I said, they've helped us them. And thank me for giving you the credit today. At the same time, killed two turrets with one stone. You turret, right? Michael Holda Mayo. But thank God we got a few sports writers in this town who want to like some of the people on this day. He's never got the colon. To ripped Jimmy and asked when he deserved it. Because he's a hardheaded, hard-ad thin skin. Pric is what he is. So don't want to take responsibility for his own goofing up. Presown screwing up. But as real good like Michael Holda Mayo says, it's point in the finger. Yeah, we got a finger for you, okay, Jimmy? How dare you? How can you? Yeah, right. Just respectful right to tell the truth in this town. We've got a whole thing. So far the f***er. So far the f***er. So far the f***er. So far the f***er. So far the f***er. So far the f***er. So far the f***er. So far the f***er. So far the f***er. So far the f***er. So far the f***er. So far the f***er. One more try. No one should go off. You separation like John今天的 got aате. You are what you're doing just not to uncomfortable Don't mother- McDonald's or Pauline and Pauline, now I have to worry about you and Pauline. This is what I mean. You're actually fighting for escalating your nonsense. Can I just listen to this one? Okay, let's listen to a p***er, huh? Yeah, it's important. He's not going to stop watching that strike... But anyway, 1031 and 560WQM anyway moving right along. Well this stuff worked work static. If you are feeling like I'm born again, thanks to my good friend Alan at the Light to West Boca. I'm a Georgian airmate to lose an answer too. Thanks to this good stuff. And thanks to Peter Leonard bringing us a box in here good goodies today, which he knew he better or else I tell a real story. JJ is very good at the blame game right to Michael Holden Mayo. Jimmy Johnson had Dan Reno hard after Delphins first lost and Reno responded when dead by turning the other cheek. As in, Raccoon. That's what Reno always does. If there's one thing he hates more than losing its controversy. So we stood there at his locker and took it in his monotone humorless way. Said he'd had a bad night needs to get better. Said he made some bad decisions but still makes a lot of good ones. Said he may have held onto the ball too long on the crushing blindside fumble that turned into a bill's touchdown but also said maybe he didn't, which we all know he didn't. Maybe Johnson could learn a few things from his quarterback like how to stand up and be self-critical in public and how not to overreact after a loss. Johnson hardly ever looks in a mirror and says the fault lies not in our stars but in ourselves. Sometimes it seems he'd rather chop off his finger than pointed at himself. He's an especially sore loser, never the picture of grace under fire. His first reaction after getting waxed by Denver in the playoffs was to quit. In Dallas he'd take losses out on everyone from fummers to fight attendance. Johnson said his Tuesday comments weren't meant to be finger pointing just a matter of assessing where we are we've got to play better. But for him to assess Reno so harshly and let the running game off so lightly comes off looking wrong. Johnson backtracked when they saying everybody's accountable, I'm accountable, our offensive coaches are accountable, everybody in the organization be accountable. Now for him to lay Morino out on a platter 24 hours earlier while saying his enemic runners were right on track was absurdly self-serving. If Johnson was going to assess where the team is he must give a full accounting. He shouldn't graphically detail every Morino breakdown then gloss over the shortcomings of rookie Cecil Collins and JJ Johnson. He can't excuse a 59 yard rushing output by saying Buffalo's defense is really good but not get Morino the benefit of the same alibi. And didn't rookie edge or in James Rush for 112 yards against Buffalo just a few weeks ago. And he's going to have it both ways. Johnson's comments he more like classic distract and office gate strategy he knows any critical comments regarding Morino are sure to create a firestorm and that leads to smoke getting in everyone's eyes. A day later the real issue was a little clearer ever since he's gotten here Johnson is pounded home the importance of developing a running game. One that's consistent can win games and be trusted late in James one that can take the pressure off an aging quarterback four years in this is still more wishful talk than production. At first Johnson could blame it on Don Tula's personnel and Tula salary cap mess then Tula's playbook Tula's offensive coordinator but now there's no more Tula left the blame except for Tula's quarterback. Johnson has had full control of this team but this time he found a little hard to get the offensive weapons needed. In Dallas he had a number one overall draft pick and Tora Ekman, a higher pick and him admit Smith and lots more flesh provided by the Herschel Walker Swindle. Here it's been a different story. Johnson and has done wonders building a defense especially through the draft but eventually the record is decidedly mixed. You teal green the first pick in 1997 has turned out to be an injury bust. Johnson with even worse in 1998 trading down when he could have taken Randy Moss. He turned that trade into four picks but today's got absolutely nothing to show for it. John Avery has gone in for gotten so our Brad Jackson Scott Shaw and John Dutton so as Marcus Nash the receiver came from Denver for every two weeks ago released when he wouldn't take a salary cut. This draft of the year was the running back. Johnson Collins and Rob Conrad coming aboard so who was out there starting Monday. Carimad Duel's a bar who was out there getting stuffed on a critical two-point conversion Stanley Pritchett. Johnson named Collins the start around Wednesday the clarification he talked about earlier this week. But Collins is unproven as limited trouble resume punctuated by one good exhibition game. People have an eager to proclaim him a savior but there's little early for that and three games hobbled by an ankle sprain is average three point yards for carry. He must still learn to be trusted with the ball. In the meantime it's a lot easier for Johnson to point out marine of deficiencies and for everyone to focus on that that noticed that for all the talk it's still the same old offense the same old or as Buffalo Coat's weight full of set of half time of Monday's game so I'm not something up the outside world view my any is marino we don't think they can run on us. Or Johnson himself said in his most telling statement the past two days nothing has changed. Of course three games in it's a little early for sweeping judgments way too early for panic instead of dividing it approaching me in promo renal camps is if they're mutually exclusive instead of taking sides and drawing line maybe it's time to chill out let this season in young runners developing see if things might change what a connolly Michael Mayo it's that a point in the finger of blame and making a jackass out of yourself you think can prick a Jimmy. I love it nice going Mike Mayo your on probation now next case. Huh yeah I feel like judge duty here today. I'd like me more much or not too much. Oh and here's a great before I get into the thing with a fat and the thing about Jesse Ventura eight billion things going on here they will never get what we get to them all. No plus these tickets to give way for Saturday don't forget in section 101 my great own personal seats for the red wing panter again. I'm going to tell you something and I really mean this here is the greatest athlete ever played in his town including Dan Marina the most exciting player Pavelle Burre and we got thousands of empty seats there last night. You would tell me why now the kings are at the most exciting team I mean they're better than we're last year all they played a great last night but you wouldn't know that ahead of time. There is something wrong here man there's something really really rotten in his town there were just like I said yesterday I stand by this town doesn't deserve Pavelle Burre or Dan Marina the way they turn on these guys like a red and guess what Burre didn't have a good game last night he was like about a half step off all night long he just you know Zig when he should have said they could not get those couple of good passes there early in the game but when push came to shove when a game was on align he went out there made a great pass to Whitney who made an even better pass to a cross-lover stuck in the net to tie the game and then of course just seconds later there's head again from the blue line it's in the net it's three to two and then there's Burre himself at the end of the game sticking at the empty net for the clincher and it's four to two. I was going to pop out even on the off-might he's he's oscillating and thousands and thousands of empty seats in his sports town I got news for you're surges Michigan where I once worked 100 years ago surges Michigan is more of a sports town in his town and my good friend the Humper comes on yesterday he's all excited I mean I realize he's been his glad Houston got the new team in NFL instead of Los Angeles but they're expanding the 32 teams wait to lay expand the 600 teams I can't wait until Alan Tom Pennsylvania's got an NFL team if you need an New York if you like you Michigan they're just Michigan yeah like that God damn world league of American football crap that they're NFL's trying to pull off. Barcelona and Amsterdam and all those other teams those phony of baloney I'm going to tell you something having been over there many many times and they do put that crap on TV and it puts them around here two by the way they don't have enough people in those stadiums to fill a goddamn phone booth for the world league of American football because that's not their football their football is FUTB-OL and it happens to be soccer which I hate like poison but nevertheless that's their thing are they ever going to buy into this NFL's not oh no anybody with a brain Humper knows that the problem the biggest problem and of course it goes along with the greed and all these salaries and all the goddamn ticket prices but the biggest problem is expansion watering down the product like I've said before you go into a restaurant have a fine wine expensive wine but it's delicious and then they keep jacking up the price and watering it down you're going to want to go back oh I don't think so great letter the editor today by the way Jerome Schirken adventurer in the Harold writes of this grace not everyone may have understood Jim Lauren September 29 cartoon on a second amendment and they well-regulated militia the possession of a weapon by almost anyone is in what makes a well-regulated militia in the late 18th and early 19th centuries the purpose of a militia was the defense against Indian attacks this was justified at the time but today we realize that it bordered on if it wasn't actually genocide the National Guard is the descendant of the militia and it's supposed to be used in time of emergency whether natural disaster or civil strife the anarchy of gun ownership by unqualified individuals is a disgrace by Jerome Schirken have a turn ice-college Jerome great letter the editor all these n-array nuts delight to twist and turn and manipulate the goddamn second amendment to mean something that it never did and ever does and still listen so they're having a hit the eye 22 for 11 at five senator he God did blow cocaine Yes there's no evidence So I should keep a bad scoke He just smiles all the while and then I Oh cocaine Cated up from there Two of them were dead So damn Now he's walking your boat But don't ask him about coke cocaine He'll just smile and then he'll smile and then he'll die cocaine He'll tell you just a bad scoke One he had cocaine And we're all being shot This one is worth a blow cocaine What a shame It's a scam It's a scam Oh cocaine 1046 had 560 WCOM So what am I going to do about these advantages for Saturday The Panther Red Wing game Well I have to put a couple asses in those two seats to mine Don't want any empty seats Still can't get over it I wish if you were there last night you know I'm talking about it By the way some of your people take it personally If you take it personally then it must be a reason for it I go and take a leak and I'm walking back toward my seat And some guy out there in the hallways is Well I love hockey nail As if to say you know he's taking the personal Because I'm saying there's no real hockey band that is done Hey listen I'm very grateful for everybody that shows up Or at least almost everybody that shows up there But that doesn't mean you know the game I mean that's great That all and by the way talk about I said everything was going to be really upbeat and positive They're sorry I was wrong One negative while two negatives Nothing's perfect We don't want to keep two carry the way First of all the food You know Wayne I want to say this Echo one hack is always say about the food The establishment that is not the sporting establishment Except for colder it blows Now the food at the macarine it was never all that good last year But at least there was a little bit of variety This year what they've done To make the fans even happier than ever before It's cut down on a variety and jacked a prices up I don't eat there all I do is drink a diet soda Because I don't want to subsidize Wayne give my money Listen this John goes and gets a hot dog Onion rings and two diet sodas 1550 Hot dog onion rings two diet sodas 1550 And as far as the quality of the food Later on he goes and gets one of those ice cream cups Whatever that crap is they sell it half the size of what it was before Same price 375 For about a two to full of ice cream And also they cut the flavors back It's like chocolate and vanilla that's it I mean Wayne what is wrong with you? I mean maybe now you're beginning to understand why there are so many people Showing up We got the most exciting player in the world But the fact is you want to gouge and gouge and gouge And do everything in your power to piss off the public Doing a good job two by the way You got John Henry wandering around in that crappy sold him Wandering around in the stand and looking for fans For the guy to arrow on a road map to try to show somebody where to go sit Have their own section And what was the other side said there was one and there's got to be one other one What was the other negative oh yeah so after here we are this exciting last couple of minutes Only in Miami by the way To show you what I want to do is we got and I'm not saying everybody There are probably a couple of thousand maybe more than that four five A whole bunch of people bailed out three four minutes to go got to meet the rush You know it's only like 10 o'clock at night. What's a big deal? Got to get out of there And we make the big comeback we tie it up on a great passion play Burrade or Whitney there cause law bits in the net Play it up to a piece Seconds later here's head again from the blue line It's in the net right here three to two After the tying goal And last night was Magnet's schedule Give away another give out these chalk keys a lot of nights when you come and give you a banner A cap something like that and last night was a pantheon schedule for this season On these little magnets that the refrigerator magnets you know So after we score the tying goal all of a sudden we look around and they're heaving these things out on the ice And they're like big they're like this And they're throwing that there must have been 40 or 50 of them He'd buy assholes on on the ice and all the rest of us were booing and screaming at these people What's wrong you idiot? See let me just tell you this right now even though some imbecils Thought they were having a great time with it that whole rat thing back four years ago When I had the big Stanley cup playoff run That was inexcusable because it conditioned assholes to throw crap on the ice You don't throw stuff on the ice You could throw a penny out on the ice and somebody could catch a skating and break an ankle You have to be a moron to throw stuff on ice So the PA guys got to make the announcement a please stop you know ladies and gentlemen refrain from throwing objects on you guys Otherwise the panthers will be penalized for the lay of game Then head of course the go ahead goal it's three to two it were all excited Here come a couple more out on the ice Thank God we didn't get penisized for it but nevertheless You people that were throwing that crap on the ice last night I wish that they could identify who you were I put your names on here We will ban you from any not just sporting event any public event for the rest of your lives your assholes your morons your idiots you embarrassed this town All the rest of us who go there to have a good time or go there to schmooze whatever we go there to do We're embarrassed and humiliated and degraded by your juvenile idiotic behavior Always talking about those new yorkers, you know there's no matter like batteries at the players out there in the outfield And don't all these grotesks things in the York and fully places like that We shouldn't be pointing the finger with anybody else. We got more and I'm talking to some people between periods last night by the way Who write the dolphin game Monday night who to several of them telling you they wouldn't go again if you paid them to go there Between the Bronx and the fights and the obnoxious idiotic people behaving like lunatics See, that's what a good tailgate party I'll do for you baby Ah, oh, you're peeing on our parade baby. You're screwing our fun out well. Hey listen nothing wrong. We're having fun But you don't have to be obnoxious to have fun. You're having to be disgusting and make everybody else feel like Yeah, I don't ever want to come here again Unbelievable behavior of some of these assholes there last night But it's not going to change and see another part of the problem here and this goes back to our good friend John Henry who thinks we're going to take somebody's tax money And build a mestating for a game that's played in the summertime one of the reasons that they're off to and by the way, I know this is going to really embarrass the howty when you hear this before I make my point Tampa the worst team in the league by far the Tampa Bay lightweight who have like a little league team Sold out their home opener That's a good well. I'm just telling you those those those those yahu's those crackers and lutes All those silly people are always making fun of over there in the west coast in Tampa. They sold out their home. I've opener And we felt like 2500 short for our home opener on Saturday and last night like I said you could have put more people in a phone booth Then we had net macarena that they spent $200 million to build and spent 10 million years so we could have the most exciting player in the world Pavel Burri out there and meantime people sit on the rest of the road show up. I'm embarrassed for it really I'm embarrassed for myself And by the way nice job and they'll sure got a lot of extra people out there did I last night. Oh, no didn't work Didn't work I guess if I were to give it a ticket to me anything then they probably wouldn't show up because if it's for free, you know, well, didn't pay for it I don't really give a crap I'll stay home and watch the baseball game or something or play Tidily Wings or Majon Carrying extra weight it can shorten life study confirms right on the front page of both of your newspapers today See unlike the people I don't want to pick on my good friend Shirley Peters aka gypsy roselear whatever he's called herself these days because she's on a psychic thing which will grip and make a lot of money And she's a woman so in a according to the study, maybe it's not so bad for her like my mother who's 150 years old. She's fat has been fat as long as I can remember and she's probably going to live to be 200 she'll probably outlive me God damn it But nevertheless Wait to be here this A huge news study confirms that being overweight can shorten the person's life as it is this is a shock, but nevertheless with one surprising exception black women as an anti-romama The American Cancer Society study published in today's New England Journal of Medicine followed more than a million men and women for 14 years Among those who started out healthy and never smoked the risk of death from all causes climbed with weight However, when race was considered different as emerged the fattest white men and women had at least double the death risk of those of normal weight white men and women Fat Black men showed only a small increase in death risk Damn it Roy and black women even those weighing well more than 200 pounds like that fat bitch Oprah Showed no statistically meaningful increase in the rate of risk of death How do you like that? I guess the collar greens is what does it? Or that pride chicken? Maybe all of these starting to Kentucky fry it Huh? I'm sorry, pop eyes black folks on it Kentucky fried his soul food for white folks like Motown was you know soul music for white folks That's Kentucky fried black people eat it. They beat in a church is chicken and bow jangle Right And churches chicken And a little bit of that jerk chicken too ain't to that and some of that jerk pork That's what I told that driver yesterday He started moving real quick The study already is causing us didn't even understand it. He was moving quick The study already is causing a stir in the world of obesity research both because the finding about black women cannot be explained And because it could be misinterpreted as resist that they have little to fear from fat In fact, the finding is hard to interpret black women and higher rates of death of all causes Including obesity related diseases then white women almost every way category even skinny and normal weights For unknown reasons being overweight did not add to the already higher risk of death for black women Now starting to sound a little convoluted isn't it? So in other words, if they had high blood pressure and diabetes and stuff like that from being fat Then they were dying like crazy So this is a but nevertheless never the less way to hear this this is going to make you really gag on it Whatever you got in your mouth right now, you're going to gag on it. Speaking of that truck driver Corpulence is epidemic in the United States despite the well-known day using a culture that worships thinness About 55% of American adults fit the World Health Organization definition of overweight fat fat A body mass index ratio of weight to height of 25 to 29.9 Obesity is defined as an index of 30 or more How do you like that? Access weight is a particularly serious problem for black women about 37% of the index of 30 or more compared to 23% of white women about 10% of insulin Because I'm with this racial crap. We don't care about what we care about is fat 55% of American adults all American adults black and white and green and yellow and purple and spikons use in glam 55% fat Eating way way too much And let me say it again medical profession has totally thoroughly Let us down you're killing us you ax murderers you Oh New on Jane and record he's that Mexican duo up from the Taco Bell commercials singing like you've never heard him before Which of course you haven't heard him sing like this before because this is the first time he's ever sung today Hi hit Litchy my thoughts and day king the net Oh Didn't we just seen the Taco Bell dog sings today he's had it Can you all the big hit you love sung by a little dog you can put up with most of the time I like to park So here I go a game and will the park as an in-burst call I let go mark So here I go again I'm gonna try to up see Well little Taco Bell dog has many moves and you'll hear him express them all right here walk in time Starts about the time that my bladder can't hold in and more Well, we have got to eat walking time better find the leash before I got to strike on your floor Oh, I can't hold my self don't hold their long That means my short time it's so strong Your kid will get the beat The Taco Bell dog sings today he's on hits it's guaranteed to be harder than that last big beef the reader we ordered it to drive through It's a lot of it or two at five sixty WCM we got a hand kit to a clock today We got all Hank at Bino at five o'clock speaking of Fino and then the sixty we got her a cool hotline Yankees and Texas Rangers a to clock tonight And here like a full life thought that game was last night game two but they got this crazy schedule on and by the way if he didn't stay up till two thirty tomorrow He might floss the Arizona last night seven one Here if there's another New York team lost the game thank God Nice going again What light really brilliant eleven o'clock and that game by the way didn't start to eleven fifteen because we were a home watch and hockey Saudi and the Red Sox Indians game and then watching a lot of hockey and then put over and he still hadn't started the guy named game out there in Arizona Ten after eleven they were getting ready to start Brilliant nice move but So anyway my good friend Alan over there at the lights of West Boca Which is a new sponsor bar so he sent a whole box of this good stuff down these low car bars that have only two grams Now if you want to eat those icons bars like I told you before he's got him the icons protein bars all seven different the road test flavor I just can't recommend them Because every time I taste when I say G I mean G Yeah, that's right one of the flavors is got G in it which is specifically we are told if you want to keep your humble levels down don't be no G G Please But they got these other rock low car bars that are great Low grab with a have this one as two and those other ones the protein ones have two and a half grams And they got some taste and I'm not going to say they're wow delicious But what a great way it's that is sitting down and having a big meal So let me just say this about atkins about all these diets Is that too many of us are looking for ways to keep shoveling enormous amounts of food in our face And expect to get on the scale the next day and today after that and watch the pounds just melt away For some people maybe that's going to happen especially if you're enormous The atkins does work like that in the beginning But the whole concept of that of course is ridiculous because that's the problem in the first place is that in this country we eat way way way way too much And I'm only way too much but too much God then we find carbohydrates too much starch too much sugar too much crap That's what makes you fat not dietary fat. I've been telling this for a hundred years what makes us fat is carbohydrates Carbohydrates period So you know we got pumpkin seeds I got these little Hallopingu snacks and my cheddar snacks and just something to lunch on not something to nice That's got almost no carbs in it to tie you over until you're going to have your next little little meal whatever the hell it's going to be I had one meal with mommy so I said yesterday I had meatballs and the scallops delicious great And then I had my diet soda the ball game last night. Then whole last night after the game had a little bit of that Tyson B. strips that I put in the microwave a little melted cheese on it And that's it. That's what I had the whole day five pounds gone on a scale in one day. Mostly water but nevertheless makes you feel much better and makes you psychologically feel better too Like you're making a little progress So thank you Allen at the lights of West Boca. There's all this bread in there low carb bread crackers all kinds of good stuff 560 50 50 560 on the AT&T line. No forget our bid is still $3,000 on the a wind XQM auction package including that beautiful the trip to the for two beautiful Atlantis resort in the Bahamas including airfare transfers hotel and meals Peritickets to every dolphin game left in the home season 500 dollar gift certificate the man hadn't jewelry exchange at the oasis and saw grass mills mall autographed on to a football 100 dollar wind XQ gift certificate certificate for dinner runway 84 restaurant gift certificate for one hour for limited use of corner kick into a soccer facility that Luis Miguel 6 for wall poster limited edition vinyl level album by creed total package Vited over 4 grand the current bid is three grand all the proceeds all the funds raised will go that's right They won't go to a paid real Guerrero the law go to the women of tomorrow mentoring program for high school girls and dating Broward And you can also make donations to that organization even if you don't want a bit on the package just by calling the same number to make your bid 305 650 Oh 169 305 650 oh 169 Okay, here's a mobile and for a lot of Dale. Hello Neil yes sir my apologies from for a lot of down in the home set now. Yes, sir. What a break. Yeah Like listening to a hockey game on the radio Anyone I want to game last night and I was actually went for it My question was on football buries when that late goal It they would call holding on app but since everything open that they just kind of say how would it? Well, man he was able to score anyway. I don't don't remember what the referee put his arm up in here to call penalty I mean he was obviously being held I Took off work yesterday to go get panperfect ticket You know they were gone and I was just wondering if you could have canceled us up there They sure I want to tell you if they told you those tickets were gone then somebody was either giving you a bunch of baloney Or we just had a lot of people that bought tickets and chewed them up on some kind of a diet And for people and stuff on that they showed a guy Pointing the guy out on TV last night show the guy pointing out was throwing stuff good Excellent, that was pretty good. Oh, I want to see the tape of that. I want to know which asshole that was okay We'll find out who he is and put it in the lower ball. He's an lower ball Listen, my girlfriend's got a hockey couple years Yeah, true hockey fan anglers I picked me up one time to go out when she was listening to it on the radio Which I found pretty strange for a woman, but anyway She liked me up with it to excellent Great well, I'm glad you like it. Okay. Thank you. Okay. 567. 0.560 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line Got a whole plate full of good stuff here today. Do we see a tremendous response here? No, no, not really pretty mediocre to be honest with you Pretty a bitterly disappointing is usual just like to turn out last night But I started to say this before interrupted myself at all as good stuff See you got to understand we're not in the season yet. We're starting to get some of the snowboards back But it's only like early October. We're not in the season yet So John Henry if you think that we're gonna have you know spend hundreds of millions of dollars to build a stadium And if for a sport that's played in the middle of the summertime what have the population isn't here then you're really dreaming You need a goddamn lobotomy is all I can say to you. I must be crazy. I must be not exactly Because even here like the first week in October There's still like Indians of people. They're not gonna be here to like Thanksgiving Christmas, whatever it is John a Because there's still a seasonal horse and buggy town. Isn't that embarrassing? Isn't that unbelievable? horse and buggy season all time But we got hundreds of thousands of people who aren't here Because they only come and stay away when it's absolutely unbearable whether they're from up north somewhere and a lot of freeze the rash off Can understand that You've had a booze and no in pain on your driveway like oil Rust and even blood I'm old Jason And I was you guys to do this give us a call here at the water and that's the same removal service We have with just one car. I'll tell my personal friend the water and that's your home To remove stains from the floor of your driveway with a personal squat event And old James water and that's the same removal service no job as do small we killed your business Not to mention ever pay a little for mom. It's been done amidst and charity 11 14 at 5. 60 WCM going back to this study again just briefly last paragraph is pretty interesting if my is listening this morning Unlike several previous studies that are suggested that putting on a weight is less of a problem as people age New study found that people being too heavy increased the risk of death or all age groups even people over 75 Oh, I feel like that Are you old fart fat parts out there You know when you're at the hockey game ready sporting event They do the thing where they pan through the crowd. You know and you see on the big scoreboard there They show all the people in the crowd and you see these enormous Puppies hanging out. I mean last night. I really noticed it. Maybe if it may be feel like a skinny mini All these enormous gigantic turd burgers and most of those people by the Yeah, they're shoveling the food in their pussy Become so way of life it becomes like obsessive Here's Hollywood, hello You talked about our top hockey players are before there's big article today's paper about the back of goal So much for the panties and it's much the skitted our courses next local muscle Take out his teeth bit off his tongue It took eight minutes came back and finished the game. That's tough. There you go. That's a real man That's a really many other sports people around here should take a lesson. I pull the muscle in about six weeks That's a real man Enjoy your show Been watching it at eight gels back in the 50s. I love the heat talk about you really Have a great day pal. Yeah, too bad. We don't have any hockey fans down here. You know Look at I mean I'm giving away these tickets these are great seats almost right at centerized my own seats Section 101 red wings in a panther this Saturday night that he tried red wings one of the premier teams in National hockey League with Steve Eisenman and federal often all those guys are during McCarty and my god But no interest here. It's like you'd like when we give the tickets away for that last exhibition Remember right up against the glass and one knows both of them bother picking them up There is no interest in anything here. There is no interest in anything. There is no passion for anything Make no mistake about it which is why we had thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of MP Green seats their last night disguised as people Oh What a vacuum place it just I'm serious. I am well, but I get home. What I'm gonna do then go to get out of calculator You know how Erica on our website and your rung is that calm. He's got the number of shows left before I hang it up in three years I'm gonna actually I'm gonna figure out the number of minutes and then maybe I'll even extrapolate at times You know I figure out the number of seconds It's it's just unbearable. It's unbelievable The letter G you have to kick these people in the ash you have to spank them you have to be them over and head by a two by four I've been doing it every day for 23 years and it doesn't get any easier and it doesn't get any prettier because they have no passion for anything Nothing jeopardy doodah Maybe a little bit of hate they can must do that up especially for certain kind of ethnic groups if you know what I mean Back and forth with all of that crap, but that's about the only time they get really animated the rest of it's all window dressing It's all just a show Here's a mobile in Bokeh hello Yes, sir. What I heard about this OJ stuff and I can't imagine sitting next to a guy in a golf court who cuts someone's throat so wide open How about if you were only cutters throw it on halfway? It doesn't matter anyway. Yeah, I mean the way you said so wide Oh, I know well, it's just well, it was just the Settagoy he did that yeah, and they right around playing golf with him and what did they expect to get from that? For your station by having divine people in this guy you had golf tournament don't understand There are some people like I've told me before who like you know sucking around with so-called celebrities Yeah, that was a big of some vicarious thrill with the Llan and just like George said in the last week all these Accemorters that go to prison and all these women all these desperate fat women are writing them letters of marriage proposal in jail And some of them are stationed calls around to get people to come and see it or something Is that what happened to someone called around to say well? They're there to baton at some of the people who deny that Okay, well, so you have a good day What was that? 567 0560 pound 560 on it is if there's OJ stories a mystery You know it's interesting. I only talked about that for like a week and then we get people like that's farce They're called me yesterday which we weren't talking about it and he's chewing me out because I'm talking about OJ too much And why don't we give it a rest and how this guy wants to be answering all story again and he's slither throw it so wide open If he would have done a little more antiseptically, maybe kind of like to meet you as underwood, you know kind of like in a side Then it would have been yeah, then we'd like to go out and have a couple of drinks with them. Yeah, I stored a little coconut Pedro Guerrero Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm another isolated incident. Yes, up in Jersey priest He's solicited some 15 year-old boy He's actually in the church. Yeah, and they They didn't act him with a undercover Popposing is a kid. Wait a minute 15 year old kid posing as a cop. Yeah 15 year old cop posing as a kid They're getting the cops are getting younger all the time. Well, how do you like that? But he's listening to this part of that new pre-police squad. There we go. We got police where we think else how about the pre-police? What is it? What is a pre-steam that they internet anyway? What does he need? What if better place to broke your altar? He's always Hey, I'd like to go to the house again. You want to give me those pickups? No, I don't think so. 560560, I'll be picking on the Catholic church. Okay, everybody. It's like a hobby. Everybody wants to pick on a goddamn Catholic church. Just because there are bunch of silly people living in the Stone Age and tell people they keep making babies like animals like rabbits. I mean, why do you want to pick on a Catholics? Just because the preacher all a bunch of pedophiles, mostly and all a bunch of fags. I mean, why do you want to pick on a Catholic church for doing that? Sir, come on. Let's get with it. Just don't forget. There's no fags in the church. You heard that first right here on this show. We keep repeating that over and over and over again. So you don't have to pick a bone below and say about that. Go pick a bone with Father O2 if he ain't already got one. Here's a Pembroke pine, Tillo. See you. Yes, sir. I have about the old tickets. I like to take my little brother. They came the big- No, we're not. We're not that. We're having a talk show here today. Okay, I'm not going to do an as a crap. I'd like to take my little brother. Listen to the talk show. I spent a whole hour here again today talking about all kinds of crap. From fat people to Godday Michael Mayo's column to the letter that Great letter about the second amendment and the gunnuts. All these other things. Which is why we almost never see. I mean, the only reason I'm doing this today is because I don't I said to the people in our world last night. When I'm not here, I want to give the tickets away to somebody to make sure their asses in the seats. Because I don't want to be part of these embarrassing folks who have seasoned tickets. We don't bother to give them the tickets, buddy. So at least the place is full and we got to an enthusiasm and it looks better. That's what I said. When I probably should have done, was found out if there's anybody around here that would like these tickets for Saturday and given to them. And then maybe we could have done a goddamn radio show here without a bunch of free loaders. Oh, my little brother would like to have, well, screw your little brother. Okay, screw your goddamn little brother. Unless father or tool gets to him first. God. Maybe you know what? I'm going to do. I'm going to burn these tickets right on here. I'm going to burn them. I am. I'm going to burn the tickets and a parking pass. And then we'll have a goddamn exorcism because I'm smoking. I felt great. I lost five pounds on a scale. George is doing a great job of trying to put the pieces together like Humpty Dumpty with a center one thing. It looks like that's going to come out okay. In a few days, everything's looking up. We're getting our 800 line. If we look long enough here at QA and we're getting nothing put in. So the people finally, from out of town for miles and all over the world can call us on our dime. In a few days that'll start we hope. Finally, after all of the last side courses of two weeks and all the best I can get out of this guy damn audience. Oh my little brother, we looked around the other. Take your little brother and go out and hold up a goddamn convenience store and buy a couple of tickets. Okay, and then he can take you to the game. Julio. God. Here's Pembert Pine. Tell him. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing this for him? Okay, how are you doing great until leaves? I know that. Anyhow, it calls during it. I will speak to probably the people that were thrown the crap on the ice last. I wouldn't doubt it. Hey, looking at the, uh, had this come sent in any local section. Yeah, just right above where the OJ thing were about to Sam and Greg read. Another isolated incident as the son said, I know what call it. This guy, he who's been beaten up on his girlfriend and the cops responded, right? The cop went to stop him and he decided to, uh, to flee, but he dragged the cop right in his car, clean. Right. The cop did what he was trained to do, uh, basically emptied his gun and did stop the guy. The guy's still alive, you know. Right, yeah, I saw you. Yeah, I'm not sure. This is the mother of the kid. Yeah. I don't understand why they had to shoot him. Yeah, it's, uh, he's only dragging the cop along and decided to the car was trying to arrest him and do his job because it comes to scumbag. Yeah. Right. And, you know, and what makes like a people like that lady Winston wrote that article. Sure, you know, okay, it's good like, right, this is, you know, just one good. Right, this one is an over-accelated incident and it happened up here. So there isn't anything to scream about. Yeah. Ancient attention. Unbelievable. Hey, listen, I'm a, uh, I'm a fan from way back. I still have my jersey with Sprock as name and number on it. Yeah, it's not funny. Anyway, when he comes back, we'll give us some tickets to go see him play for the band. 560550, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Cherry Winston tastes good like a church I showed it. That's what the slogan is. It's a son sentinel. And then she's got some other Indian column. And totally, totally a passing skating right on by the crap that you wrote the other day. And they certainly respond that I'm sure she received from the vast audience out there. Probably our audience. 560560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's my knee beat, hello. Okay, they're gone. Free loaders. Here's my Emmy, hello. Yeah, hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Did you happen to catch little dogs? It's a lame interview with Mark Parrish this morning. No, I did not. I didn't hear any of the worst thing. He was pushing on him and trying to do one of his, uh, how's it going with the ladies and were you guys from part of the whole time? He just said that was him last week. He just had him on here about 10 days ago. How's it going with the ladies, bull crab? And then he started it. Oh, he started it in with well, Marc, he sounded like you did. He sounded like you're really tired. I mean, you must have been out there trying to hit it with the ladies. I mean, it was endless. It was really embarrassing. Yeah, no question. No material. I like the wee week. Yeah. I mean, but then, and last night, I was at the game. And I mean, I felt I was back in the National Mozzoleum. I mean, not to mention nobody was there. I mean, the people that were there were sitting on the hands. Right. That's, I mean, what wasn't a very good game. That's a compliment. You know, especially after LA went up to the one they went to that track. I mean, it was coma inducing. But then, you know, if you stuck around and you hope for the best, we got our money's worth there at the end and it was phenomenal and scintillating. If you just stuck through the old deal. And it was only like, you know, we got other 10, 15. And I, what's the big deal with that? You know, I, I don't understand these people. Like a bunch of little children. Because I get up seven o'clock in the morning. It's fairly, really. I don't sleep until noon. I got to get up seven to come here every day and work. Well, what, what time did these people go to bed at night, 10 o'clock? I told, was I, I got to get up early for work. So I just talked to the whole thing. It was fine. Sure. Great. And how about those assholes throwing a crap on the ice? I like to kill them. You ever seen anything so embarrassing in your life? Oh, man. And we almost got a penalty. We said a crucial part of the game too. Maybe, you know, we tie it. All the idiots were throwing everything on the ice and they, we got a penalty. Maybe we lose the... I'm going to conduct a goddamn investigation. And we're going to find out who those assholes were. And like I said, ban them from air. We got, in fact, we're going to make sure, have more of those ankle bracelets, you know? And if they ever leave the house that thing, the, oh, I like the final arm we had here yesterday. It's going to go off and start making shrieking howling noises that we still got bad headaches from, by the way. That went over very big with the audience. They love that. Yeah, they could feel our pain. They thought they could feel our pain. You had to be here to feel it because your head was like, oh, like janitor in a drum. Man, what's up with your golfer, Miss Boeh. I got four! They're called to fly in. Oh, my god, oh, they're down to the door. They're down to the door. Ah, they're just resizes. They're a fire. When you stand out, we'll all have a thing coming. Can't feel hard on hang on you. Get it back up. We'll see you in the main event. And get a job at the drink room. And then you go on and get the better balance on. Or do you? I got that record. It worked. I really have a job. I think it worked. I think it worked. Anyone get exerted on the internet door? Can we have the actual work? It was true. There's a lot of paperwork. Can't caress the well. på 5 fucking abilities. i got it, yay! It worked. And get thektea work. 2-2-21me to the internet door can't we have the 來xys. Thank you DRU, understand? Because they have all these people. people that keep sending us, they got us on these mailing lists for the supportography, most of it gay pornography. And I don't understand why does anybody want to pay for a publication like that that's got ugly naked people. And when can we get to straight porn on here for us? No, no, no, no, no, no. We can't get, I don't care, gay or straight. Why can't we get some good looking people naked? That's what I would like to see. Okay, that's what we want to see. Like the, the delivery guy, the courier guy. Bring him in here, tell him we're doing a script search. Make sure you ain't bringing all the bomb by the building. He won't know the difference. He just got off the boat. Oh, I'd by the way, speaking of getting off the boat. Anybody see that story on a front page of the Harold by the way, Sun sent, old and fight a quite as oscillating. More Cubans washing up on sure front page of the Harold. That kids can't get a goddamn lunch at school. No textbooks to take home. Nobody's right nothing about that at the Harold. We get more illegal aliens trying to force their way in here. Front page of the Harold. Not that they're pandering you understand. Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello. May I do it? Okay, sir. Last time watching the game, I think we're disturbing the most only with the, you know, people of the idiot film, the stuff from the ice. You're talking about a nationally televised game. That's right. We've done a douche last night. That's for me. Yeah. And, you know, I mean, I had relapses calling me from up north, you know, harassed me about the, uh, where our fans are down here. Yeah. It is, it's down right. It's embarrassing. You know, and also, uh, well, you know, I have yet to hear from anybody today to tell me how come they decided they were going to be there last night. There were whole bunch of season ticket holders. Obviously, much of discovered, uh, romance or something exciting last night because they sure as hell didn't show their ads up. Second year of the season, then they're not there. Right. I mean, that's that that that's that shows you kind of fans are in Florida. And we need to build and we need to build more stadiums. Right. What can they come close to filling up the ones that we got in the, in the suspension of the. I just want to say one thing because I've said it before. Okay. This is not and never will be a sports town. I realize it's a sports station. So the other people on the station, the other 20 hours a day, they have to put on a knack and pretend that is because that's their livelihood. I understand that this is not and it never ever will be a real sports. I'm sorry, go ahead. Right. I mean, I grew up up in northern Virginia near the DC area. So I mean, I've suffered with the cap. Right. And, and the boys, but I mean, you know, the red scans in their down years and people there, I mean, they're 17 year waiting list for season take is the right way. You know, and I, when I moved to South Florida, which was a mistake to begin with, but I have never been around more melancholy just to fair weather fans. Yeah, I've ever seen in my life. That's right. Unbelievable. It's unbelievable. I want to small gathering. We had there left in the last couple minutes of game to see the most important part of the most exciting part. They're just that everybody foaming at the mountain with excitement and, you know, you run out of there feeling great about life. Hey, it was great. It was worth coming and it was exciting. Right. And the suspension on with the gentleman of him, a dono. You still remember the 10 games were to come to LA, yeah, that animal. Yeah. You believe 10 games was enough for you. No, but you see, the problem is that the players union has got these deals. And unfortunately, they went along with it. So they got like a maximum $1,000 fine. And, you know, so they just keep slapping these guys on the road. He should have gotten somebody suggested to me. It's a good idea. As many games as Madonna misses, whoever the player is that you win, you should be forced to sit out and not get paid for as many games as the player misses. Right. That was one of the most vicious hit I've seen in the long time. And don't forget that the two teams are playing an animal in the morning. It's going to be a blood band. Yeah. Yeah. All right, Neil. Have a great day, pal. Thanks a lot. Yeah. They have no respect for each other. It's a grotesque. And by the way, also, I hate to break the news to you. Bring fans out there who are at the game last night. It's a context for let me say it again. Pop-held brewery as much as we love many did get trip three times in a game Saturday. It wasn't called in Washington game. That is correct. But last night, there was no penalty on any of the times you got hit. He got hit. You know, he's out there. He's fair game. He's going to get checked. He's just another player. Okay, as far as the other guys are concerned. And every time he gets hit, oh, my, they're screaming for a penalty. They're carrying on. What's the wrong with him? Hey, refuse. Get with it. Get used to it. Okay. That's the way the game works. Only needle loads. He was the only one that had an exemption. Here's a mobile in the forlaterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Listen, listen to this before puberty and never ever called. 26 now. Yes, sir. But listen, I was listening about how he said the, uh, deluding of talent and sports. I'm, I'm so afraid it's going to happen to hockey. And, uh, I'm putting in your frame is like it already. I've started to have a, right. Yeah. And so reason why I stopped watching baseball. I mean, it's horrible. But, uh, I was thinking of something way, I don't know how the British premier ship works. But, uh, with all of hockey teams and U.S. and Canada, they should just kind of take the HLHH and bring the top 24 teams. Uh, like they do, and you have like some type of a premier ship. And if you went in that league, you move on to the next type, uh, like up to the NHL. So then you can have like a team who has great talent. And they have incredible support and money and talent you know like a team like most job and how about the call with sounds good why do we I just think that would probably the best way that way that way that we that you're way by the uh... by the end of the next five years we probably six or another team in a child a good exactly and that you have the idea of the game today we could start games at ten in the morning and play till midnight right well anyway just uh... you know it needs something is to be done and i hope it expansion just doesn't go any further i mean i cried when i mean when the team goes into ten of the and and by the way how about that care a lot of team okay there moving to their new arena so all of forty five hundred season tickets while we made a difference in it no yeah and heart for time they wish they have a team yeah so i think too many in every sports or six teams too many when it doubt cut them out and have a great day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wordless line i've already burned the tickets okay so bugger did i burn them while only a georgion i know for sure here's a mobile and mimey hello so there's those crackling sounds dangerous to me sounds ominous mobile and mimey hello yes sir oh hi Neil yes sir it's not a mobile actually here's a stationary in mimey yeah don't burn those thickies and crazy uh... uh... uh... uh... friends and reading for my show five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen you were lost life hey by the way those cannot yet have it done they got the rest of the limited life night to the one they got real bad problems in the room they got all kinds of problems in the rumors by the way coordinate with a source of the city i don't want to say rumor but the rumor for the rumors rumors he says the elicer getting a shane coursing from on fuel for the aging still vain copay the frog defenseman who's uh... had no system by the way that i'd go until they will pack you a uh... frog sandwich these people don't know anything about this stuff what about what am i talking about here what am i doing let's burn them again okay let's uh... get the crackling out of here just finding the flames again like you always do you jackass fanning the flames of hysteria and others by the way they're offered that jimmy story now that now that all the sports writers have agreed with the last city after they and handker the middle of the show evidently from the spy report i get from people this morning that a hundred and eighty degree turn around and said well uh... and he was right you're got the right i was right fat cell i was right he's a hard ass he's a thin skin peace a turt it's always busy point in the finger of somebody else anybody who's got any kind of class any kind of character especially your superstar that would be like it bring it off night last i would be did by the way always don't want to get but if we would a loss to give that would be like the jerk ball carry more we come into paper today said flat you know or panis guy ten million here he's got a step up all the kind of a cheerful that be you'd laugh at the sky while more than we already are just isn't done okay by anybody with class but you know something it's only the last three letters that i wore that you know jimmy class those are the only three letters that you understand as in recto you got it oh no my queen god new from time life was music it's a not for a couple like some that varies the competition jimmy let's die the die away i sure could you some so i'm happy because i'll be dead any day come die with me let's die let's die away don't miss out on the last collection of hits from all blue eyes before the maggots get to him start digging a hole all right i'll die any day i'll be a cool to dab a ray new course cool all right then after greatest hits the final chapter yes the chairman of the board with a fun final farewell we're gonna be different five the under jaker would say i'd want to meet my maker the water have credit card ready and call one eight hundred cadaver that's one eight hundred cadaver order today before it's too late six do like you're right eleven forty five five sixty w q and so anyway i just a little message out there the same use in time Tracy foster and the Greg soyer who i think maybe the same my asshole i don't need your faxes so when you fact him on this machine in here i tear him off into a modest soon as i see the name and Jason just brought me another one from Greg soyer the same one that he fact me on this machine is morning at as soon as i saw the name i tore it up into it they're asking i don't read them what's the point it's crap it's kaka okay what in the world would be the point of my sitting or wasting like even five seconds reading swill when you know exactly what it's gonna be ahead of time every single fact kaka piston what i was one of my missing you got it pretty much into a t there are three letters before the t i think s a to my be the first two so when i do costella just came in for a second and i said hey when he said you go to the game series i said no not gonna be here i'm trying to give these tickets why i said hey you want to go he's already got his ticket so if jocos still i wouldn't have had his own tickets i would have given them them just now just to get rid of this thing this burden and by the way if you do want them it's not a good idea to start to call by saying oh i'm a Montreal Canadians fan guess what yeah see a the smell of dead frog starts uh... seeping into my brain as soon as i hear that the ghost of marries for sure i know we still alive he's hanging on dearly here's a mobile in bokeh hello you know i want to share a story of uh... incompetence uh... on uh... flow players stadium yeah go ahead i rip on the last man i would have to get him on day nine care their kishis uh... yeah you're you're gonna love this look at to him i i had club siege that usually get their three hours before the game and i usually don't have a problem with traffic but this particular game i was invited into a skybox with a friend of mine who happens to uh... oh my skybox and he has that way parking passes on my flight i get there a few minutes before kick off that's going to park with a dollar is yeah and they tell me i can't go in there and it's full they said we are not allowing anyone to go into the stadium to park because it's full now you got their win i got their just great at about kick off i thought you get to three hours before the game you i usually do right here to park you yeah here's my point yeah okay i don't know the skybox i'm a shot but my friend doesn't know the skybox you pay sixty thousand here for the privilege right to get to a kick off have his car parked yeah not after the shot yeah they told me and they told my friend you want maintenance and because you might know them but they told us we had to go drive over to the race track catch a bus and they would drop us to the stadium but a bus i have a surprise they didn't tell you how to drive down to the golden late dinner change and uh you know do that the parking drive thing and catch a bus yeah i mean you can leave this you know that's the course i believe they treat everybody like crap in it they're a bunch of Nazis in that place but here's a guy i can't remember i can't remember i can't remember i can't remember after the last the previous game i heard Hank talking about i heard man it's both all about it how they're trying to get on the field or trying to go someplace and the Nazis in there because i know what comes back in the days when i used to go up to our skybox from i would be many years ago when Phil cost him was treating us good and we used to go up there if you get on the elevator with the wrong time or the guys in the wrong mood they don't want you to get on the elevator they like uh give you the 10th degree they give you a body search and they go there you go nuts that's not quite Nazis man can't imagine who they learned it from well listen don't do it again get there early five six seven one more reason by the way not to go to what those goddamn football games oh but you know i'm making difference because they don't want me to have no interest they want to go to the tailgate party you know let's talk about you if we had tailgate parties with the hockey games then you start seeing all of them redness come out alright let's get a couple of kids we want their have a good time they'll go in there and see that world kicks a man's that's right see that big neaker kicks a man's he ain't playing well he might start by the time the game's a ride or no that gets something spook out there kicks a mask here's the pepper pine so hey dear how you feel okay hey just uh just want to take and call you and uh let's you know that i'm a walls a walls suffering uh transplanetiborce Tonya and no one is suffering his sports setting wood in the football force yeah i mean and uh i can't well i snipe by the way oh yeah right yeah that's why i'm coming i've been able to come papers back i'm going to go and game five oh sorry he's not going but uh you know the people down here don't have any passion nothing don't say absolutely the home that he'll be the whole thing is make believe it's based on people just uh just flat around a bunch of words in it but they're talking about don't have any real feeling for it there's those no passion to step up by agro and drive past so i'm so way these people have turned on marino after one crappy game the last couple of days just because the coach opened up a big mouth and because he's gotten no class it guarantees it proves what i've always known this is a town with no appreciation no class no nothing with no brain you know and and all the geese don't get down here until November you know what i mean and uh maybe we'll get some fans over uh over the uh the car center right but uh you know uh i uh i have season six of Bruins uh for ten years and so i'm so bobby goes to go that go when broccoli part of don't i don't want to hear about that if you don't know but i've seen that so many times i don't know i don't want to you oh i can't mean a lot of Dan Kelly but i don't want to see that no no. Dan Kelly was a great Dan Kelly was great but Dan i i mean you i know you're dead but i don't want to see that again. I know but uh Dan there's an ore by the y'all right i've seen that ore million times then stop saying that already i it's almost almost as bad as so far to you but Henderson he's hanging on I don't know if you see that boss they're going back into the box okay you know i don't want to see that i gotta tell you you know uh Henderson at board again not yet i'm gonna see about him that's right a piece of crap. You're actually right turned out to be a piece of third pole hand. I don't want to tell you though uh you know suffering is as long as as long as i have uh you know it it's tough to come down here yeah and have no passion for anything right how do you how do you think i feel the way you don't be every what were you for were to rock just your home of the Amherst and Don't you're the I was in the in the red wings thought we'll get yeah the red wings thought two we need to stock top some 50 cents cut together red wings there you go remember Tom Decker all right yeah how about uh how about Steve Doku yeah remember him how about uh Joe cutting him yeah and Tommy Bridges okay let's have a great day five six seven oh five six to you remember all those guys don't you George huh yeah sure sure you you'll watch us your red wings we had bill burden there at center field with the glasses on those of the days baby Luke Easter lunches Luke and that other guy with puk and then those other guys too what to go m the or tease oh yeah Tommy Lassord of pitching for the Montreal Royals the Havana sugar king you might have been interested in that George used to be in no surfing and they're actually there was the old Havana sugar king and what's given given given that's right humans well by the way Mike Myers by the way is going to come down and play in the next game maybe that'll bring some people out oh it's just uh it's terrifying and why do we keep saying these things I mean see I'm just not the kind of person who can just you know crawl up into a ball and accept it I just I go too many other places where the people have passion for something where they're friendly where they really care about something where you can have an intelligent conversation with them about something uh you pick the topic and you can talk about it and like really enjoy yourself and basically here it's like Eeeeh that's it you know that's a medley of armaterials uh Eeeeh that's another stupid fact is it well why you bring that in here tear it up Jason please tear it up and uh or have it for lunch something it's woke low carb that's it see you guys in there gonna have to understand because in the morning I hate I don't want to embarrass those guys they actually read the fact is that they get from Tracy's foster who's a chronic spactor factor who's an idiot a moron whatever it is and then we got correct story those are the two people like an 80% of the fact is from and I don't mean any of them they go all go in a circular file as in prep yeah let's name all the older Rochester Redweins then I'll give you the tickets come on let's go whoo Johnny yet nearly tear company maybe there you go get done cherry on the full Hilbringback some of those memories from the old amherstays huh there's uh Eeeeh there's uh what's a jury cheavers and then that's you just can't discuss anything of and whether it's sports whether it's politics whether it's world of fence whether it's like uh travel like in real parts of the world whether it's anything no matter what it is what do these people care about what do they know what you know something I haven't had a woman in three days thanks to this there you go if you'd stop spending all that money and bowling or whatever you're doing no seriously we have no idea the last woman calmer that I can remember we have had none to they of course was that the crazy bitch the one that's married oh lots of times that one the crazy woman that showed up at specs Saturday the one that had that burden or hand or whatever was she was squeezing no women well I took this you were in about how it's really going to get out of jail I'm guiding light here's a mobile in Miami hello um station area here's a station area in Miami here they like motionless in Miami you're psychic today yes I called before you ever mentioned it the uh the boat people used today yeah let me just say this my son's grandma they came from Cuba so I'm not anti-cuban you're mama yeah all right last week you were talking about the schools and I started to call and I didn't then I saw the thing on channel those on channel seven last night and I heard a news report the other day were where they were stopping a boat and two of the Cubans had a shed he's swinging to coast guard right I'm thinking about the schools last week they started to call I started to call not to what's the use but I mean we're both having an immigration policy 20,000 Cubans is the 20,000 plus every schlepper that lands on shore yes and next people out there cheering and it's about how great it is that's what hell the red righ is said anybody who gets here we can let him in that's what he said unbelievable and then one of the one of the reasons why I started to call lots of about it they had a Medicaid scam and it was millions upon millions of dollars millions and every person involved in it had a Hispanic name every person involved about the names of all the people at the airport that are smuggling all the goddamn hand grenades in a coconut hero when on a goddamn plane's out there 99 to 9 10% of them were all Julios man and that's why they don't have time to come to the ball games are supporting anything else they're too busy peddling drugs it's unbelievable there's a drug lord how do you think they are the on these survival those years down time when Marie's foray was the mayor bragging about the drug money coming in here sir and everybody was buying 400 VCRs and putting you in their suitcase you got the herald pandering saying upgraded it should right handle seven all the newscast right upgraded it held the in my videos on channel four who's telling the coastguard how to do their job right you got a city the only thing the city offers is weather and people try to stay here because of the weather yeah and it's a toilet well now the the s h off a city i'll tell them that have a great day pal later they'll get the immigration off the right at the i and s most of the go back there and get your our papers five six seven oh i maybe you'll run into remorther he'll buy a lunch that they're trying to do it all online three minutes before noon that's when you go there that's what you do you stand on line high fulicia g i love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable are you still shampooing with head and shoulders got you i thought using head and shoulders a long time ago i mean honestly who grows hair on their shoulders anyway yeah right so what are you using now well it's like head and shoulders only without all those added it's just called chad let's tell them about your old wow what are I get ahead lots of places chick you can stop by my place later and i'll be happy to give you the 10 and 50 minutes i'll have you shampooed dials and blow dry you don't miss a link do you 10 sounds great but isn't it expensive not at all chick i'd register there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10 jolly that's that price everyone should be getting that's right chick when you say head you set a mouthful high i'm dr Raymond balottie from for the molesters can you tell me why you should get him first at lubricates each limp hair follicle leaving a wreck listening shaft then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root leaving your hair soft shone and exhaustive nothing does the job like head great can i get head for my hairdresser brood probably but you might want to try your girlfriend first go up and get some head today get a head out of work go the long line yeah yeah look better and you'll feel perfect and you did head you're a nutty tip want hair with lots of volume nothing get it up like head available to price you won't find hard to swallow and it's going down every day honey we're out of sample can you go out and get some heads what did you say i said i want you to go out and get thank you sweet Jesus i'm going down down and that makes the great holiday gift my wife gave me some hair then i gave her a pearl necklace i've never seen her so choked up my girlfriend used to give me head and then we got married now i'm lucky if i get dirt and lotion in a national beauty little okay Oh yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh. Ted Champou. Come on. Give it a shot. No. Hi, here, looks great. You're the man. Speaking of that, by the way, how's that career got coming? So to speak, 25 at 560, W2QM, 560, 5050, 5050, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a fact. And thanks to Kelly from Boca, 821, it's Kelly with the eye, so I'm assuming it's a sheath or it's a guy that spells his name wrong. But at any rate, Kelly shows me the Sun Sentinel same error, okay? So we don't want to pick only on a hero. Both papers are stupid at idiotic and can't get it right. There's the NHL standing this morning. Northeast Division, Ottawa in first place with four points throughout Maple Leafs and second, with six points. How do you like that? Ehh. Oh, man. Oh. You know, the tremendous work and care and proofreading and really, you know, getting it right kind of mentality that goes into putting our newspaper. Ehh. We have to have a special feel of appreciation for it. You have to feel it. Here's a facts from John. Oh, by the way, speaking of that, whoever you run a phone would get them off right now, unless it's important because I got to ask you a question. So John says, why don't you have an email address for your show instead of all the facts in crap? That's a very good point. Now, didn't you tell me what we do? We do. Shut up. You're talking about with our website, our website. He's not talking about that. That we get email four years later. That's not what he's talking about. He's talking about like in the studio, like a real radio show. Well, if I brought my laptop in, meaning what? Do we have the extra phone line? Yeah. That's under here. I think we do have it. Yeah. So all we need is a computer. I'll be glad to buy a computer for in here. Okay. If that's the job that's cheesy about the fact that they're back there. If that's drilling, I'll be glad to buy our own computer for in here. If he stops the guy then drilling under my ass you get, which world we told that they're all done? Maybe they found out that the dust left the building. Oh my god, they're back to it again in the middle of this show. Oh, I'll call Clarence. Clarence, what does Clarence going to do? He don't cry good. He doesn't go down there and squirt him like a, uh, fluffed us. No, what do you think they stopped drilling for? Not because they're paying any attention, but because they seem to are crying right under the building. It's a crazy person up there. He's squirting them. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pond 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil, are you doing? Okay, sir. Oh, man, that is a classic bit. Yes, sir. That's a little hint. Oh, tell me about it. Listen, new splash. The next loss, the game ended about what six o'clock this morning. The last seven or what are the diamond backs, which makes me feel very pleased about being alive. Oh, that's ridiculous. What, what is the baseball commissioning that's thinking about? He's not. Oh, man. But anyways, listen, this is a very good day. Today, the Maple Leafs are doing great. They're doing great. The next loss, the Braves won. Right. And life goes on. Thank you. Okay, 5, 6, 70, 5, 50, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Perrine. Hello. Yeah, hang out. Okay. If I get those tickets, no. No, I don't give tickets to somebody that's just some jackass that first of all says that he's a wingspan number one or number two doesn't even have any conversation with me. Just called us, oh, can I get the tickets and the answer? Of course. No chance. Get out of here. Good loss. Get out of town. And I'm not giving no tickets to that. Oh, I forgot about that. That's right. It's the red wings where we have all these phony fans in town for the red wings. We have the spantom after they want to stand. They cup a couple of times. All these phony, phony balonies. All these new red wings fans with a red wing jerseys who would know Steve Isomin from Steve Doll who would know exactly. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. New or guy? Yes, sir. I need to correct you on something. Yes. After the replay last night, Hediken wasn't credited with the goal. Yeah. It was a red, red, red, red. Well, I think his wife thought, god, and I thought Perrine's got it. It perished. Did get it. Well, I said at the time, I thought it was red directed, but I didn't thought what I know that. It would have gone wide left if he hadn't red corrected between his legs. Backhanded between his legs. He got to red right over between his legs. He got to red right between his legs. They right between his legs. They did it in a few. He was the first star. So they did an interview with him and they asked him to tell the truth that he got a piece and he said, yeah, I got a piece. What was the first star, Mark? Perrine? Yeah, Mark, there's. How could that be? With the game, when he'd go. But how could he even the first star of the game? I don't, I'm sorry. I mean, Burrie's the one that set up the tying goal of the next score, the clinching goal, and okay, whatever. I mean, he's a good kid, Mark. I like Burrie getting that open net. I thought he was going to go game without scoring on the Kings, but he got the open net or never even shot. That's right. Just put it in there. He knows how to do it. That's right. Look the right in, yeah. Not even between his legs. Okay, thanks, pal. Okay, I can stand corrected. Also, I stand corrected. Nobody corrected me out of his. Nobody here knows nothing about it. Several days ago, somebody asked me about Felix Poppin. And I repeated a rumor that I've been told to me like it was true. They've been traded the Vancouver. And they wanted to badly up there because Kevin is kind of weakened Vancouver, but nevertheless so the trade never went through. And he's still playing to the Islanders. And he is playing. But nobody corrected me on that because I could come on here and say anything about hockey. And it's like, oh, you know, like, eh, they don't know. We're almost anything else. But thank you, sir, for correcting me on that because we thought Perris did it into. And we don't care if a Mark Perris is getting laid. Okay, I couldn't care less. I'm going to spend an anime for a Whitney's getting laid. Then of course that's another story. And I'm sure he is. Right, Bridget? Neil? Yeah. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, these are Rainbow Boyd's side. Oh, you. John, Rainbow Student Live. I want to make movies for five. I like they go in great play to Hollywood's growth. Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why I heard my penis ended never ever grew. Rainbow 2 was an 85-late. And Rainbow 3 was an 88. Sure. And you're not. It's always like I could not make this movie with my son. And if you ever say, you was in Rocky 5 and daylight at the tunnel movie. A little bit of catchy thought I mean. I got to get a little fun to power. I got to have another movie or Broadway show like that. I get to buy a necklace for a coplan. And we're still doing it. I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. Oh, I got left this channel both like this. Oh, ladies and gentlemen, I make the make Rainbow Boyd and pies. So, I get out. So, call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. They like comedy, action, adventure, and drama. They're the only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama. So give me a break for goodness sake. I used to get over. Now I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one man showing my kepty. Basically I'm not on a point. Keepsy. I'll have a big crash. I got a guy getting on from the Palo Queen. I got to have another movie or Broadway show like that. I get to know what I am a stock coplan. It was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. Oh, I got left this channel both like this. That's why ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rainbow Boyd. 12 17 at 5.60, Yo Adrian. Swin and my guilty just comes running here and says that last guy that called was full of crap is what he said. And he says something like, he said he said that jigs McDonald picked the three stars of the game last night and Popbell Bre was number one and Trevor King was number two. Now for you to who was number three at other pante, but it wasn't Mark Perry. So where did that come from? Well, let's maybe he was from the telecast, okay? Maybe somebody who like didn't watch the game accurately or was vision is a link like a latent life like you're a good friend. I don't want to mention the day money here. Don't say it, you know, maybe then he won't buy it at lunch. Maybe on TV, Periscroth the first start that you met, but possible had to be Popbell Bre. All that tremendous effort to get us back in again, that nobody cares about. Here's deer field, hello. Yeah, it was a very one, it two, and Paris three. Oh, Periscroth three, I don't think so. Yeah. But anyway, if you'll do this. Is that the smallest crowd you see at the Reynolds Center for a game? Oh, yeah, that would that absolutely was by far. Yeah. The smallest pantecrow since I was a paper said since a hard for a game years ago when they had like 11,000 somewhat over the whole it was. I mean, Periscroth, healthy second game of the year. Right. And it's a dead bone in there. Yeah, Ziggy, palpy, you think that somebody islander friends, which you're up to see their extra superstar there and you know, you got Luke Robotime. I mean, the King's got some name players on air, Joseph Stumple. It's not exactly like their chopped liver. They're better this year than they were last year. And what's the problem? We went to first game, brewery as a star attraction to God damn leak. And we get 6,000, 60,000 unsold tickets. And I would say about 9,000 empty seats, 8 or 9,000. Absolutely. And by the time the last three minutes of the game came around, we had to drag a class two minutes. Maybe there were three or four thousand of us left. Maybe. I agree. I'm sure that he's going to be no better in the new building there. Oh, he can't draw flies. I know. They could put in the newer in the middle of the goddamn of court. And they couldn't draw flies in it. Absolutely. But Neil, I'd love to go see the Panthers to feed the choice this weekend. Okay, hold on. Give him the ticket. Tony liked that surprise surprise. You old man finally weekend again. The end is open and cut this crap out. This guy in there field. There's my seats. There's the parking pass. And be sure he tells us guy he'd better go. Okay, pick the tickets up and go. Because if you don't, I'm going to give your name and shoe size and phone number. Look up, brought you to your house and do a big on your court on your food court. Yeah, what's this story? Raising all the prices on food in their way and cutting down the portions and cutting down a variety. What is that all about? Why do you owners keep doing these things to the public like the garbage food at P.P. stadium? I mean, my dogs wouldn't eat that stuff. Like Hank says it's like, like a hot dog. It looks like something that's already been, you know, licked on by about 20 hookers and Amsterdam in a red light district. What the hell are we talking about over here? And they charge you like top dollar for direct. I just don't get it. I mean, of course, they're not even this food anyway. They couldn't give a crap. I just only want you to do a spend your hard and money and take the 90% profit on it. And screw you. Here's a West Palm Beach, yellow. I'm doing great. You open the show saying only good news. And last Friday was my last day in the sale department at queer channel West Palm Beach. Oh, right. Really? What's the season is that? Uh, JNO, VZT, KGR. Oh, thanks for watching. Yeah. Three to the whole bunch of people. Sure. I wanted to the market because that's why I go now queer channel owns Torah, two billion stations. The radio ranch. Uh huh. Uh, but I got to tell you, when you're contract is up in three years, I hope you feel half as good as I do. I am with sick of the abuse, sick of just the madness that went on there. Right. And all the stuff that you're talking about with OJ, if anyone's ever been in or near this business, they're just going, yeah, part for the course. So to speak. Yeah. No, well, I know I wouldn't say part for the course. I mean, we're a little bit above and beyond the most of the rest. We've got a little bit extra psychosis that I've ever seen before. Although I hear clear channels, uh, you know, even worse, if possible. Of course. Well, what clear channel does is they take all their rejects like the salespeople and they ship them over here. They do. They do. Well, they can make even bigger bucks supposedly, right? Oh, yeah. Right. Get all I got and you'll appreciate it. Okay. Congratulations, sir. Very much. Enjoy your newfound freedom. Thank you. God bless you. And I'll pray for you. There's a guy to cut out of the business. Got out of a clear chat. Let's hear it. She liked a guy to send the other day when I was psychotic over here. We're going through the OJ stuff. And these people here are a bunch of great robbers, which they still are. And I'm thinking out loud about what the hell am I doing working for this company? And the guy says, oh, well, you know, there's got to be someplace else. Where are you going to go? Clear channel. Oh, Jimmy. God damn station except Cox, which owns like a couple of sparks or stations and at coasts, flush. Nobody in this market smart enough to put talk on FM and believe me, like I said, our signal on the station the last few days is so goddamn bad. And our chief engineer, what was what's he doing? Oh, man. I don't want to hear any more about these overworked and he's abused these. Listen, the signal blows technically were a frickin nightmare. Nightmare. But I got news for it. No matter how bad it got here, the chances of I'm going to be the only alternative here in this market is queer channel. And that's Pete Bolger and Wana Wolf. Am I going to work for them again? No. And any price? No. Oh, give me a break. If they blow Pete Bolger out of that joint and a couple of other people who absolutely don't blow it belong on the air, then maybe they might have been a chance. But that's not going to happen because he's got naked pictures of all the owner. He's got naked pictures of David Ross in the Billy goat. Or Billy somebody. Here's Naples. Hello. Yeah, I knew. Yes, sir. That was a good one. Great. Hey, we've been talking about some crackers and rednecks. There's a story out of the police beat Naples paper today. Oh, there's no crackers and rednecks over here. It's an 65-year-old call-year-county man arrested Tuesday at Bayview Park and he's Naples. We put it in the expose himself and mass-pubated in front of the undercover officers. Right. And he was charged with exposure to the sex organ. So if you ever come to Naples, keep everything inside and undercover. Yeah. I hear that the organist that corroborates press the Terry and church was charged with the same thing. Sposing his organ. Okay, listen, thanks for the good news, pal. See you. See you. See you. See you. See you. See you. See you. See you. See you. See you. See you. See you. And I'm sticking pretty much to my word very rarely. I give one little odd thing away here a little odd thing there. I got nothing for you But that's it But I just don't want to have empty seats there because I feel guilty about that as long as I've got these tickets in this company pay for Or somebody pay for them. I want to have somebody in there enjoying a game and making to look at at least palatable Like I'm not just a shirking my duty like those assholes that Madison Square Garden Collect all their expensive a front section seat empty so they could go to the Yankee game if they arrange your home opener tonight to go What a bunch of crap 12 million people in New York and those people couldn't find I mean you can't buy a ticket for a Ranger game in any price for about a hundred years now So instead of giving their tickets away to somebody who would have kissed their ass to go to that goddamn game They just don't show up and go over to see the guy in the Yankee game. Oh, man Talk about misplaced priorities 567.0560 pump 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We got Hank Goldberg at two we got the Hank and Bino at five Don't ask me why hurricane hotline six to late. Then we got the Texas at the Yankee's hit a clock tonight Thank you, we got no hockey game back in New Mexico with the Yankee game on tonight if we had a home. Oh, brother, forget it Here's a mobile in Del Rey Beach, chillin Mobile in Del Rey With a loud hum job on the phone. Okay. I guess maybe the home put him to sleep 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line West Palm Beach, chillin Neil yes, sir. What's up? I don't How about these bonehead promotion guys at For the hockey team? Did you see anything about the upcoming season? Anywhere not very much I never wonder where their crowds are and another thing they should do with that Marketing. That's for damn sure. Yeah. Another thing they should do But you know if you know something when you go on you spend 10 million dollars a year to get a guy like Palmville brewery on the team if you know if the people know anything about it You shouldn't have to do a lot of marketing. They should be in the and they got that beautiful new arena They should be knocking the doors down there to get in. You're right. You're right, but maybe it's because these People at the game pass them they interrupt your enjoyment of the game by standing up going to the bath. Okay, thanks 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's keep it positive today. Okay I'm tired of the winers. I had a great time last night and my good friend who sits in front of me Turn around and said no little kids tonight. How do you like that? And thank you very much sir. I always forgive him. You're on probation like Michael Mayo until next time you're bringing the kids in your home up in the year. He's okay Got one kid in one little boy two years old. He says oh well next time I bring him a kid sit on your life I said no bring him back in about 15 years and he can sit on my lap Anyone like that like that But if I think you said okay 560 750 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wire. You've got 15 years. I'd be 70 almost 72 years old. Can you imagine what a dirty or let's I'd be by then, huh? Can you imagine that? I can't desperate 26 pass no how's that delivery by by the code doing by the way the career guy? Well, Daniel You actually found out his name. What kind of a name is that? I think I would have been broken by the way What is it we used the service also? They're no called Excel. They just have you seen walls Anyo? No, I mean even you would be impressed even a head of a sexual ass. What is it? What is it? You've been to his pond with the anything swimming in it? Like tiny little sperm maybe? A couple. Oh, they look like puppies. They're real little tiny puppies And then if you have real good eyesight. Walt Daniel. What kind of a name is that? Hey wall though Hey wall. Oh 27 after noon at 560 very good work George. Walt Daniel. I'm gonna write that down. I'm gonna write it on Slut the paper and put a real close to my vacuum a neck a It's how it how it's spam if you like blind-eye bars you love bull-eye bars Hey you what would you do for a bull-eye bar? What's a bull-eye bar? It's a big iron bar that bull-eye Sittin with say your a man Oh, I do it again. I can't see I don't have to do anything for a bull-eye bar here. Have another one Bull-eye bars if you're a man you don't have to do anything just hang around and odds are you'll get one Take that 1232 at 560 WCM. I'm so full with at low carb stuff for the ad from our good buddy at the likes of West Boca I don't think I'm gonna be eating like till maybe late me afternoon. Another one goes protein bars and that's it How do you like that? I like it I'm gonna make some of this pork rinds are the bacon or something. I'm looking for some serious progress again on the scale The more I have this feeling you know my the pit of my gut maybe that's it also I'm working on from this place So anyway, here's a facts from somebody Nobody no name on this Oh and week a oh and week a not our and week a but another in week a Who says an example of how much I spent to see the dolphins at pp park with his fiance two tickets in the nose blade section Including the ticket master price 62 dollars one over price parking 20 bucks two major a ping at tools and dollar 50 Food beer ice cream french fries that's a 40 bucks estimate total 120 $3.50 cents Like that he said do you really think your average person like George can afford the expense for every game? Thank God George ain't a sports fan He says I strongly disagree with you on this one. Can I have the take R.C. Just kidding? Just even to our for present the oranges for governor in the case. Thank you and we can By the way, do you see in the case was flipping burgers at or where the whole city and McDonald's is something was working in the kitchen summer a couple days ago not really important Here's another one also another tail of a dual-man gloom I go to 10 12 well see first let me say this to you somebody bought the tickets Somebody has bought all those seats tickets why were so many does it wasn't just the upper bull I was bad last night. It was a lot of Assisted the lower bull and that middle-lead messaging whatever that section is all over the place there were tons of empty seats So if somebody's already paid for him. I mean why not give them to some force lob like a meki or somebody that can't afford to go That's what I'm talking about And as far as passionate as concerned leave in the game when you've already paid to be there with three or four minutes left And this and all they're citing part and throw out a bunch of crap on you guys that's not my idea of passion That's not what I'm talking about Here's another guy Richard in the point in beaches. I go to 10 to 12 Panther games because frankly I can't afford to use and take it so I'm forced to listen to River on TV It says wait till you watch a game on TV it's like watching a hockey infomercial They pedal those tickets like romco. It's painful to watch like an infomercial. Are they succeeding? Oh, have it on me not Also, he says I just saw on the news that Don King was the star of the Palm Beach County Chamber of Commerce meeting you Everybody kisses ass Rectom if I remember correctly Don King beat somebody that's for not paying it at when he's jail for it I guess out for it is a friendly home from murder as he says that's what OJ said We like harder is down here right? Oh, you bet that's your sweet ass We're not too fond of Larry King That's cuz he stiff people for money. We don't like you if you stiff people for money if you're murder We don't mind okay, so I can leave us alone When you stiff people for money we get pissed off. Let me just do that. Here's Carl spring. Hello Well, that's okay. Call me back sir your phone is making farting Okay, that's what sounded like coming back your phone is a deadly Oh, don't tell me that's back again. I'm for and okay. We'll tell you Seven sounds okay. You got somebody to line for a screw up again All right Not again any minute now the fire mom's gonna be sure call all your friends until the tune in Oh here we go again. You know you people at Bell South It's just amazing how inept you are you know there's these I have a lot of technology we've got today with computers with the internet with all of these things And phones that have been around for about six thousand years now just ordinary regular one of the mill phones You guys just can't get your goddamn act together So here we go another day just when we're rolling along pretty good today sing on a song And now we got some phone lines screw up again at least one maybe more probably more two dose Here's Carl spring. Hello Carl springs. Hey, how you doing today? I was doing great. Okay. Tell me about that. I'll just show again Sure, let's get on one of your favorite subject the NRA yeah Well, it's the one I found one of those guys are ready to constitute your section And that actually says that uh You have to write the beer arms as a Malaysian not as a person. I don't know you probably have to ask you I would imagine yeah That's that's the thing that can on our murders in our beautiful state of Florida Maybe we're gonna go up and up Kyle has to add a Beautiful law that's exactly what somebody in you admitted you get it all the night at the deal Uh-huh, I don't know nothing else did just wanted to get that gun Okay, anybody know what you said? No, I'm sitting here thinking about the phone lines I'm sitting here thinking about the goddamn phone lines again I wonder how the hell this could be happening again today after all they I mean can we go to can we have like one day to think just one day when everything works for four hours? No, okay, I don't get a little carried away here I mean everybody really loved our pain yesterday They were they were peeing in their pants over there You know the fire alarm and all the the crap that we had going on here. Well, let's play it back and so we can do that That's a good idea that'll kill some good time. It lasted for about a half an hour That'll take us up to almost one fifteen and then maybe it never so good we can play it again Take us right up to a clock that's what they deserve around this place And then you're off the radar This is that WQA Yeah, this is Mark at a mobile and sunrise. Okay, hold on Mark What are we gonna do with Mark the phone? Let's let him up on it. Oh, why do you say that? That's what we're gonna do we can talk to Mark online for and the put that crap on your hi-do mark How are you? Okay the phone lines suit up. Don't worry about it. Okay. I won't give you I'm here ringing. I know I'm gonna we'll get a three way going here Hey, what do I say the game last night first time in a couple years right and I put my turn mainly for myself Again, I mean, I mean, he's just incredible. Yeah, blue my mind. I want to ask you What do you think about all the Like phone he interviews with a phone he like showed they doing between periods. Oh, terrible Oh, for when the top get that guy off of there It was pathetic and then they try to pitch you know a five so many fights to get all the providers get a three pin It's like one big sales job. Yeah, I said I just wanted to get you I think it's a long life is along between periods and let our brains cool out Hopefully they change the name of the fantastic control of the search Brain gamers you have the search screeners. Yeah, the search screeners And that's what you want to well promote the get check that cap being took away crap right with a lot of extra with double dose Good work. Okay. Thanks. Sorry about the phone line. Okay. That was pretty good. Hey, call and maybe if you want to be one of our special colors today call online for And get like extra Sounds on the phone call 560 50560 560 on the 18 T. While it's lunch nobody cares about this story about fat people because you American people you've been brainwashed eating eating Mind your mind your mind your you can do you know your condition of being fat you think it's acceptable It's wonderful and we should all be fat in the whole world is like that Just I'm just embarrassed for you. I'm just humiliated and degraded about it Have we still had a woman here in three days not one not a lady not a semblance of a lady not even suck it around for the goddamn tickets Oh, there's one 567. What am I giving the numbers out the lines that worked there little pretty much in the ones that don't All the line four. I sure like to get another call around at it's pretty entertaining Is he trying to tell me that they want me to put a handwritten I mean they got a $7,000 a bit on this this morning We're gonna out do that. No, I don't think so But anyway, we got we invite you to call on the auction today the Windows EQ a auction package Call of 305 65.016 the time we got a $3,000 bit for all these things a trip for two to beautiful Atlantis resort in the Bahamas including airfare transfers hotel and meals Peritickets to each remaining regular season home dolphin game $500 gift certificate to Manhattan jewelry exchange at the Oasis and saw grass mills mall and autographed on two low football $100 win they see gift certificate certificate for dinner at one by 84 restaurant don't get you knows how to join Gift certificate for one hour of unlimited the use of corner kick into a soccer facility These Louise Miguel six would wall poster a limited edition vinyl double album by Creed all these things total package values over four grand and the hybrid at the moment is three grand All the proceeds will go and trust me. None will go to paid roger or OJ all the proceeds will go to women of tomorrow A mentoring program for high school girls and day in Broward We got to be able to do better than that $3,000 bit I haven't heard one word. Did we get any you know any response or people donating it? I mean what do I know? All we know is give the number out again stupid and we still have the 3000 is our high bid and that's all they tell me 305 650 O169 because like I said, he want to make donations and not more you're about to your 3000 the bidding on the thing Just want to make a hundred or 200 out of donation or 50 or whatever that's okay too 305 650 O169 How's line four doing? Does that tell like it might be back? Resil like No, well let's give it a shot five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless But there's those pork rinds that it's they'll be doing that for quite a while by the way It'll be amazing they're very very good. Do you the extra spice yet? I hope at least the bacon curls Yeah pork rinds No, they're not the extra not the hot and spicy. Well they're both good but the hot and spicy are really really They're special So that's an udil I was pork rinds and you likes a voice book. I sent over a whole bunch of those in this big box Some of the other good stuff which I noticed nobody is interested in the adkins that nobody is interested in losing weight nobody Not one call about the 2020 piece not one call about the date line piece last week and on it goes the the mystery just continues Amazing to me Here's our first lady in about 10 weeks lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello Danielle face the listener some time call or yes, man. Oh, yeah, okay. Good. What's happening with the CD from center one? What's happening is they're gonna be press it in a few days. We should be able to Start all over all right. Silence of the lambs gonna be on there. Yeah. Great. You know those red wings fans really and convenient inconvenience me one year when I was there the family cup A million fans outside the hotel broke a water maze So 24 hours in the hotel without water. Uh-huh. So what about tickets? What about tickets one for Saturday And then then to top it off had a double her she said crap over that sage at the end she muttered it So I see I thought I had a lady call around there. I have a lady call her another lady freeloader Makes up some wild story about some Something that may rain in the Spain falls mainly on your rainers or something like that and then how about the tickets are gone? I got no more tickets. I'm doing a top show. I will never ever give away anything on a show again ever When I'm not going to be out of town. I'll give the tickets away to friends to people. I know people in the building people on the street corner That's it never ever give anything away on a show again You people are an embarrassment no matter what I got to talk about here mom is the word you got nothing to respond It's been that way for 150 years And if you get to whack see build-up body ears. It's amazing how she heard I had tickets, but she never heard that somebody got him already That's my woman collar for this month unbelievable Unconsciousable 567.560 pound 560 on the 18T line here's a mobile and cross-spring. Hello Hey, they all are done so a sidedle So a sidedle after that. I know what I've been bow Great for that side-chirred It's great things on my plate. You don't be I'm not gonna tell you what I did for you George If you ever do everything done I'll do it for nothing So what are you talking about? Well, I did something on your house. Oh, okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. Oh Every time he calls I did something on your house and if you are George or anything No, we don't need nothing. She'll okay, but thank you very much. We are thank you already about 400 times. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you I'm I'm I'm serious. I'm gonna put on music even though I feel great and I'm like on top of the world I can't and there's just nothing here today. There's nothing here. I put my testicles out there and tentacles in the water. There's nothing there So it's pork ranch or a little gloves. Yeah, they are good. I told you and you'll be amazed in that every now and then when you least expect it They'll pop again in that bag. They'll love for still pop. They're still poppin in your sack. How do I say that right? I've got You two a.m. George is eating hello two a.m 560 50 560 pound five 60 on the 18-t line here's Miami. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. You're okay. Hey, did you hear about the back shoe boys? What about them sir? They're assuming get think Because he thinks I with a record company right. Yeah, do you hear about that? Yes, I did. Yeah We think about that. I hope that you get fifty million dollars in the hope you have a great life sir And please not ever call us again five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18-t-t wireless line Those are pretty good. What's happening? We never got any calls on the show today on a auction thing. No No, not one call. Well, of course this audience might be a little bit gun shine now. You know the word that the Pedro Guerrero is going to take all the money And go back to that fancy restaurant with O.J And that'd be a little bit gun shine or maybe we just don't have anybody listening that's possible certainly based on these phone calls But they except if you feed loaders, I wonder if we still have those tickets. We still have no no You know something if I don't have like a real lady call or between now and two o'clock. I'm gonna. I don't think I'll come back. I really want That's not a threat that's a promise. I said a really cool. I mean you give me like oh there's one on here now I'm talking about some of the who really I want to have a verbal intercourse Not somebody wants to free load for tickets that don't exist anymore that are gone that I made very very very Painfully obvious and clear are gone. They're a history. You can't be nice to the people in his town and give them stuff because then they destroy you They just blow your crap away Or I should have put a period after the blow part Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hi, I just wanted to call you and tell you that I don't want anything Yeah, and you crack me up. I left all day long and you show you a show with hysterical I mean I'm sorry that you had a fire drill, but yeah, whatever Well, maybe we'll just have a fire drill or maybe they would take up a couple of hours I was right Where about any phone calls here? It was fantastic. I'm out of a two. I love you. Okay, I want you to cheer up, bye. Okay, bye 56070560 we got several lines that work in two which of course contributed to does anybody in engineering or is anybody been made aware of the fact that our phone is Eftop again is anybody know that for the second day in a row in his goddamn place or nothing works And of course our program director in between crying jags he's taken a few days off now. This is a good time by the way to be taken off a few days. This is excellent I know where everything else that's going on here. This is a magnificent time to be taken a few days off. Why not? Here's homestead. Hello afternoon, no? Yes, sir It's a three-week-old news, but I was wondering if I could play you a little BBC report which lasts for about 30 seconds about the shooting in Texas Echoes your words exactly You're not going to be able to hear it as you're going to be like off in the Ethereum Well, it should be over here, right? Yeah, just give me a second then and I'll play it Yeah, okay, thank you. Okay, 56070560 Really good. Okay, thanks 56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line given a shot and see which of these lines works. Okay, here's a mobile and top of no hello Yes, sir. I Understand your discuss with the attendance last slide of the National MAP Arena, sir. The internet is better. Do I tell you why go ahead? It's not because of location or the beauty of the place or whatever All that of course not we know that It's a calming as sport my friend hockey sucks get into basketball. Okay Right, yeah, get into basketball where they can't sell tickets to save their lives over there at that brand new sparkling American Airlines arena Yeah, get into a sport that they can't that they're gonna be lucky to get 10 11,000 people again Hey, to break the news to Palette that communist sport you're talking about we had 18 19,000 people are every game last year. How do you like that? a lot more than those think and heat 56070560 and by the way that's a sport for shfarts is okay white boy. It's a sport for shfarts is why did you get with the program get with it? Here's having tour and hello Yes, how you doing now, okay Listen, I've been trying to get the use in Sunday. I wanted to talk to you about that Actions on the 2020 yeah, I did see it. I was very impressed with it. I think I'm gonna as me and my girlfriend To start on it and I have a cousin that was on it a couple years ago. It works great for him So I just wanted to get your opinion on it and you know what's really the first that's to really you know Take on it first that to take is to buy the book Dr. Action book yeah, okay, you got it Well, how can you go on a diet if you don't have the book you sound like a lot of these other Quizlings have been calling me for five years and Want me to give them a capsule and for man 30 seconds you got a bite of book The paperback I mean for like a couple of bucks if your health is worth two bucks. I go out and buy the paperback book Yeah, the reckons new die revolution. I mean is that that heart it's in like every goddamn bookstores I've been invented even adult bookstores. I think they got it Did you watch it on on on 2020 no, I did not okay because I was in the state well, I'm trying to find out from this audience What kind of report they go on 2020 because I didn't see it and as a result I can't find anybody Tell me was it did they was it positive was it negative was it a hatchet job? Did they see you're gonna die? What did they say that's what I'm trying to find out? Well, let me try please Okay, um a lot of date. They had a lot of doctors at call and that call, but you know Interviewed and they said that the act inside was unhealthy Do to all the fat and all the you know meet that you're beating and without you know without a little bit of carbohydrate To you, you know, it's it's draining first of all there is carbohydrate It's not a no carbohydrate right diet. So what does that mean without a little bit of carbohydrate? What does that mean? Excuse me. I said have a nice day 5605050 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless blinds Oh, woo, heavy duty baby Charmato here at soft Florida open window you can smell it It's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon Amazing my sense, because the proof that I am, so I can't be born as, on the charts and the old days. And we seem just like girls, and we wear silly times, I think. We fetched a book, I remained conditioned, or anything just I'm confused, and I'm dead little kid. Don't know what bad I did, maybe it's what can be the sounds of the loud, as he could sound the same, and we think for these days, and just love, and boy, so much to do. Just be back in time, yes, I'll just make up. I can't be, I'm just confused, and I'm confused, but all my feelings just want these things plain, but I can't be, I can't be, I can't know what's the thing, but I know this can't seem, no better known, we are best to you, oh, we asked him to do self-knowledge. No. Yeah, I'm so confused. Oh, no, no, no. Yeah, all right, guys, he was up. Penta, it's so 102 at 5.60 W. You can't have a house wall, then you're doing it by the way, any deliveries today, any special emergency deliveries, any good package he's got for me? Well, then you, oh, god, that's a lot, I got to say, maybe you'd like me to speak, teaching the speaker to English, huh? That sounds good to me. Maybe you'd like to take a little, what does that say? Oh, Bob Lincoln, Jesus Christ, what else he want, not another shameless plug for Radkins, I hope. Ah, absolutely. Ah, do what is wrong with you, man? You and this ad can stuff, are you guys gonna be a loper one? Ah, I'm not the way he looked in the 70s, I'll tell you that. Oh, I guess I wanted to, I saw the piece on 2020, and it was the first time that Dr. Acke was actually got to respond to all the misinformation by the nutritionist dietitian. You know, somebody could take all those nutritionist and dietitians and put them in a goddamn ocean and leaving there. And I'm bound to, it was a great piece. There was, what exactly the same thing, they go into the diet is bad for you, it's bad for your kidneys and this and that, and they ask Dr. Acke and directly, he says, show me the evidence, show me the study, show me anything that says it doesn't mean, and so the report is the world doctor, you know, he says, what? There's 60,000 people, well, I've treated in the past 30 years through the Atkins Center, mean anything that I have had on this diet, that have had bad heart to have, but diabetes, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So it was a great, well-balanced piece, but just the way they also have the doctor from the Mount Sinai down here in Miami. Who went and did the Mount Sinai diet, which immediately said, I tried to lose weight on Wolfat, couldn't do it, so I took a version of my own version of the Atkins to rip off of the Atkins right. I think that's what Hank lost all his weight on with the Atkins. And what he did was he admitted that it was, you know, a version of the Atkins diet, but he did a study, he did a 60 people on Wolfat and 60 people on low carbohydrate, right? Right. So what he resolved was, it just barely the Wolfat. And there's an interesting, though it's about seven or eight, 10 years now that they've been telling this low fat crap, and now we're up to 55% of the American pilot adults. 55% now it's more than half who are all beasts. It's unbelievable. Well, it just goes to show you, as you and I both know, and I think it's to you because of my association with the Atkins. That's right, that can be, that's right, don't ever forget it. And believe me, I don't because we're doing our for the annual Dr. Atkins cruise, the staple, 9k 2000, thanks to you because you're the one that gave me the idea. The other thing, you know what the, you know what the sick thing about this whole thing is? What's that, Bob? Is that they do not say anything about how a type to diabetic can get cured on this diet? Yeah, that's right. And I'm, that's right, it is eight. Well, it's a, it's a, a cure as a bad word, but it's a remedy. It brings your blood sugar down to normal as long as you stay on it. You can get rid of all your medical stuff that is absolutely correct. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm talking to a few people. I have talked to hundreds of people because of the cruises because I go out, you know, the shows with them. And I have had people tell me that Dr. Atkins is saved their life. Right. You know, I used to have people tell me that too, but every time I bring up vaccines, now the phone goes completely dead. I don't know, okay. You know, I get no, seriously. And the point is now, most of these people have thrown in the towel. They figure being fat is okay. And even the stick in the paper, they on a front pages, they figure, well, screw it, it's nothing I can do about it. Well, I got a report from the, I can send you today. And the results from the, from the, at the piece on 2020, 150,000 hits on his website, the next day and 500 books sold and Amazon.com. And then if then as you stole that other guy, it, you know, for a paperback, he's invited at the Atkins book at six or seven bucks at quarter of the, the resource, 700 and 3 hours in the sawgrass a few years ago. Right, exactly. And I mean, if you can't do that, it's a, it's a, to read your book, the better help. And you got something wrong. So tell Bob, tell Dr. Bob. A thousand bucks of books, 700,000. I'll be looking for his check. Okay. Okay, thanks Bob. Thank you. And don't let me, keep me posted on an national Airlines to Vegas to I'm on it. Okay. All right, thanks. Thanks. Beaver, lawn's Vegas. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, wireless lunch. Let's put a joke in together to Vegas. What do you say? Oh, come on. Here's a candle. Hello. Neo, yes, sir. Mr. Joe, my I'm here from San Francisco. I've just put things number one. You're the greatest. Yes, I am. The by your CD. I heard the Redneck 12-incess thing. I'm from San Francisco. I'm tired of getting them on can and young. Cramed down my throat. I think she'll even though he's gone now. And the camera, you know, it's probably the best quarterback. We'll ever come down the pike. And I listen to you. I'm here. Thank you very much. Plus, you, sir, you have to be on a big case. He might like it. 560560, you know, those Mormons, real horny guys. You know, that's what Donnie Osmond wants to tell me. Horny is where is that? That's why they got where that special underwear. To make sure there's not too much friction. Where's it the other way around? Make sure there's enough friction. 560, 750, 560, pound, five60 on the AT&T, where I'll just line. How come the Orthodox Jews don't wear that spot? I don't think the Orthodox Jews were anywhere. They don't want to get their tallest wrapped up in it. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil, guess me. Yes, sir. I just wanted to talk to you a second about the recent, than the hockey world in an HL of this, the Punitive Steps taken by the NHL for the injuries of the current. Yes, the Punie Steps, not Punie. Exactly. My opinion that I played hockey on paid hockey for about 20 years off and on my son, 14 years old son is currently playing hockey in Corals. And if I love the game, I love the old fashion, hit checks. I love nothing better than a nice square, legal mid-ice check. Hockey is a rough sport. It's played with sticks and sharp legs and so forth. But in my opinion, the suspension of 10 games, and I find to a professional hockey player, it's not a significant, has no significant impact on them financially or for otherwise. That's the only correct. Right. And something cost my mind the other day, and I don't know how to, with forward this opinion, if it was anything. But if there were a rule that would say that if you call it the major injury to a player, but not only are you finding and you're sitting out some games, that you will stay out of the game for the length of the time at the end of the game. That's what I said this morning. That's what some people see this to. That gives an excellent idea. I'm sorry. If the Donald has to miss 20 or 30 games, then this group ball, he should say that 20 or the Ruslan Soleil, he should also sit out 20 or 30 games. Well, I agree. I'm sorry. I didn't hear that course in the program. I would absolutely, I couldn't agree with you more. Okay. I got one last thing for you. But then it all goes back to the union, coddling the players again. That's the problem. Absolutely. I got one thing for you real quick, for the help you go through the day, take a post that knows what it's doing. You might write the Latin words, you legit them off, non-carbourundum. Okay. He's going to the best way you down. Okay. I'll pray for you, sure. Thank you. Five six seven. I'll pray for Boblin, too, because I don't know if that's the most big as tips to can't hurt. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line 10 pass one at QAN. What are my, what are my weaknesses now? I'm going to do this. I'm not with the Panthers already. When the Hubble's a baseball season, you get anywhere, aren't? There's something wrong with our TV. Our close-on directors are there. I ask if what was so upsetting. Money run on that there's any I'm saying. And then we'll be. Four TV, a few words, what's the rate? Why no one ever talks to me? He was badly upset. He pushed me with a droit against me. This keeps going.. Soldiers. And we drank some methane golden Hey, I think that's it. You'll be crying so in here, though. How many times do I play this? If you unlike those stories that appear in other front page, those glowing ass-sucking stories with a hero about Ted Harrison, Croaking, and Israel a couple days ago. Now, here's a small story that I even missed at somebody's facts to me, and thank you for profusely, by the way, whoever facts me. Untangling a legacy, Harrison would have become exempt from U.S. estate taxes in the year 2000. He croaked before he got that tax exemption. Let's hear it! Ha! Ha! Alright! Ted Harrison, one of the world's richest men, died just a few months before a key deadline, that would have allowed his $5 billion estate to escape costly U.S. estate taxes. He died. See, I said that, and George has got a mouth full of equity died, and he died. He gave up his, he died. He gave up his U.S. citizenship in 1990, and moved to Israel in part, to, I don't like this. He people think I'd make this crap up, in part to avoid U.S. taxes on his real estate, on his, not real, on his estate. But Harrison did not live in the year 2000, where he would have become exempt from taxes, according to court records. It's still unclear how much of his estate will be subject to U.S. estate taxes, which can run his highest 55%. So you better buy your hate ticket, because Mickey's going to be a tourist now. He's not going to be able to get the whole $5 billion. How do you like that? Oh, he was a philanthropist. He didn't give a lot of money to charity, millions. You know, something named me a billionaire that doesn't give millions to charity. It's a tax write off number one. And number two, it's good publicity. And number three, he ran off the Israel in part to escape paying as U.S. taxes. Just like his business, the carnival cruise line that doesn't pay any U.S. taxes, because all the ships are a registered wealth of countries. And because they all sail out of here and take all of the money of these tourists out of this town, which I've been telling you for years. But of course, the hero is not the least bit concerned about that. All they're concerned about is, oh, God forbid, we should have casinos here, because that'll put our buddy Mickey out of business. Isn't that interesting? You wonder why they're so hysterically anti-cocino? Is there anybody in his right mind that would go on some work at a dick boat out there to gamble if we had casinos here? Is there one person? Even in Kaplan? Oh, you bet your sweet ass. There's not. So that's the only way we can slip them to Mickey. This incestuous relationship between a mommy, hero, the night, ridder people and God then Mickey or something is one of the most un-and-and don't forget Mayer Pingo, who's their Pimp. Is one of the most unbelievable things that's ever happened in this town. And the public's out there going, yeah, you got to point them, eh? What's he saying? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami, hello. New. Yes sir. Yesterday showed the best in the history of radio. Yeah, we'll have to have another fire alarm every week. We'll have to promote it ahead of time. You got the Harold and Colonel, you're in the way to the way in the way. It's the way in the way. It's the way that's good. Okay, you took a dump on it. H2B, let me quickly read this to you. People have to be. People attending the van van concert. People going into the arena will have to pass through a metal detector and will be subjected to a quick pat down set major atom burden of the Miami police department. It'll be patting them down Saturday. Yeah. That's the only way you can get in. I sure hope that I end a roster is planning on attending. Have a good day, New. Thanks for the good news. Okay, they're going to be patting you down. Looking for the goddamn nuclear weapons. And whatever else you crazy Cuban's got. That's the lowest van van concert, which by the way, I was reading the other day. The ticket sales have been really slow. Can't figure that out here. Can I? 670560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Two things. Number one this morning. One of the first team was talking about the parish. And they was talking about the passing and the scoring goes, well, did you get down with your wife last night? Did you go to excuse me? Yeah. It was Joe Rose. He does that. He did that with him last week. He was in the studio here last week. And he pulls the same cramp. Oh, it's pretty funny. He has another hockey player on it. So he talks about because he knows nothing about the game. Because I heard him this morning. I heard about five minutes. And they were talking about the game last night. I didn't hear the parish stuff. But he said, oh, and how about that? Victor Coslaw, boy, two goals already. I mean, Victor, if you watch him out there, I mean, he got the winning goal of the time goal last night. But it was a perfect pass from Whitney after a more perfect pass from Burry. But nevertheless, Coslaw still is so far from being what he needs to be on this team. And here's Joe Rose who has no clue what this sport is all about. Oh, how about that Victor? Two goals already. He's really coming along. He knows nothing about the sport. So his deal is every time he has another plan. Oh, you're getting laid. You got all you doing with the ladies. I mean, it's so old and so tired, Joe. Yeah. Listen, maybe Joe ain't getting enough at home. Maybe that's the problem. That's what I think's going on. Yeah. Yeah. What do you think's going on out here with the Western part of Broward here? Do you think they'll be any new schools out here? No. This port of bodies. Port of bodies. Thank you. Okay. Maybe, maybe on days that we don't have any other events in the arena. We can have classrooms in there. We can have schools almost 20,000 people. What's wrong with that? I've got plenty of restrooms. Open up the concession, stand to least everybody. They'll get fed that way. Pretty crappy food, but nevertheless, what are we going to do about that? I notice I'm the only one talking about that, too. They're reaping you for the food in that place. You know, maybe I shouldn't be so hard on these people for not showing up there. I mean, I'm not being the fan that I am in no matter where we got in Palvel, Broward. It just tears my guts out to see the allows empty seats. The fact is that I've been predicting it. You killed the ghost that laid the golden egg. People can only take so much punishment and it keep cranking those prices up and cranking the prices up. Crank it up prices of the food up. Giving you a lesson, less for your dollar, putting a crap product, less selection than we had last year. Why would you do that? Look at the guy named Eric Canada center up there in Toronto for crying out loud. Granted, the hallways there are two narrowlets. That's the problem. But they made that building out of an old, they renovated an old post office there. The original post office in Toronto. And they did a hell of a job. But the hallways are too narrow. So you have to fight in the food lines. But as far as selection is concerned, they got every kind of food that's unbelievable. But here it's like, let me say it again. One hot dog, one order of onion rings and two diet sodas, 1550. People are on death row for crimes less than that. People go to jail for armed robbery for stickups for less than that. 1550. Less selection, smaller portions, higher prices. Add a boy Wayne and you owners out there, you bring it out. Hey, you got to stand with all the people who, who, who, who, must be that God damn meal. Yeah, must be Neil. I've been herniating, try to get people to come out and support the guy that don't play me on this one sweetheart. Look in the mirror at that big ball, pop mark, post if you can stand it. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line here is Voka. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. All right. Yeah, the actin is beautiful. But the one thing is it's a pain in the ass. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, sir, any two places other than delights or the other? I mean, being up north here. Oh, I mean, you're in Boko. Yeah. Exactly. So I don't understand what you're asking me. In other words, you want to place right next to your house? Yeah. But you're not really numb. Just joking. But um. Yeah. I mean, you got to place up there that's a whole supermarket. I don't know. I only wish I had a delights like as close to me as they are to you. What's that? Let me say it again. I said I only wish that I had a delights like you. Oh, yeah. Right. And mine and me because it would like you got up there in Boko. Yeah. You know, you know, I had a quick question. I just like was kind of wondering about, um, on the panther. Just like, what happens if someone just really knocks the crap out of someone else and like puts them out for a long time? Yeah. Like actually, like getting to the legal side of it. Is there anything about that or is that in their country? You don't have to. No. Nothing. Nothing at all. No. I was wondering about that. No. That's the player's union. No, it's not cool. It's very uncool. No, it's uncool. If you want to see that injury that Madonna got the other night and hit that asshole, Ruzlan Soleil put on, they should have taken away his visa and green card. Send him back where he came from. Send him to Siberia. But they have no respect to each other. And of course, the league continues in their wippy, gerrybettman way. Like that. From there way along. I mean, they did do some positive things this year. We got where that increased rule. That was stupid. We got two referees for most of the games. There's a lot of positive changes. The good things that happen this year. But of course, they're ongoing expansion and watering down and diluting. We got it landed. And then Minnesota's going to get a team again at Columbus and Geneva, New York and Penn Yan and Owaso and Oswigo and Ithaca and Canandegua and Nipcelani and Marshall, Michigan. And there's nothing like when we have that 8,000 team league. There's a take a rocket scientist to figure out if there's only X number of guys who are like the best, the cream of the crop real professionals and they're on like 16s like they used to be. And then all of a sudden you got 28 teams and then it's 30 teams and that's 35 teams. Guess what? They're going to be a lot of marginal people playing. And thank God and spite of what Don Cherries says. Thank God for the European players because otherwise, it would be a laugh and stock. The joke like baseball. Because those Canadians don't reproduce as fast as some of these Americans. Ethics, I don't want to say which ones, you know. Right. God, is that thing? Were you problem-dollar at a 55% of American orbeats back? You want the problem list? Always obsessed with food. Always got to be eating. What do you want to say? Seriously. But you know, it's like a pastime. American pastime isn't baseball. It's eating. Just push your, like Jesse Ventura says, push your fat ass away from the goddamn pool. A couple of crap. Huh? What do you say? Push your fat face away from the goddamn freaking pool. And do something else. Go out and do the exercise. Go away swinging the window something. That is pork wine to go. And this is the original flavor. Wait, can you taste the hot and spicy? I can't wait. Tonight? Or you took something? Yes. Snacks. I'll be messing with my crap. Just wait. Here's a naples. Hello. I know. Yes sir. I got an act in question for you. Huh? I've been on it for about six months. And I'm really confused between the line between eating foods with, you know, no cards. But it says sugar on the ingredient label. Yeah. You know, it doesn't make any difference. Just look at what it says carbs. Just carbs and total, total carbs. Okay. All right. How are you doing on it? I lost 60 pounds. Well, what's wrong with that? Not much. Not good to me. I get my left nut to lose 60 pounds. Well, I'll tell you what the key was for me. Is that much? I stayed on the... I was done in phase for most of the time. Right. So, you know, I kept myself a low 20 carbs and the weight just poured off. Excellent. So, I'm psyched now. Five pounds in one day yesterday. Yeah. Well, sirs, I know it sounds ridiculous. I've got a lot of water, but on a scale it makes you feel motivated. Yeah. So, I just wanted to also let you know how much I enjoyed your teasing of the Unix Colin and for those tickets this morning. Yeah. That's the only part that's good. Especially that good. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Good word. And watch out for the Gypsies. All right. See you. Now, a lot of Gypsies and apoles. No matter fact, I was over the game talking to me between periods. Life's not brought to Sun by. And the Sun was in school. I guess in Naples for like, I mean, in Florence for like four months or something like that. Part of the week he would be in school and the rest of the week he and his buddies would like travel all over Europe. You know, Amsterdam, which he didn't want to talk to dad too much about, but he was there. And he said the only place in Italy do not go is Naples. And everybody tells me that. And then once in a while, I'll talk to some asshole. Oh, no, that's wrong. It's beautiful. It's the best part of the country. And everybody tells me just loaded with poverty and the mafia and slums and crime and it's a toilet. Paralyze. So he want to go to Naples. Go to Naples. Florida Naples near Do Not Go. And then of course, I get a call from my my painter and handyman Izzy yesterday who I loaned the Isopronos to now Izzy is half a tag in a half Jewish. Oh, and he enjoyed it a little bit, but he's very upset because it feels it portrays a bad story or type for the Italian people. Izzy was born in Sicily. Okay. And I'm listening to this crap on the phone. I mean, I love it. Izzy, you're a good guy. You never stole a freight train, but it's curious. So, okay, we know there's no such thing as the mafia. We know it's just, you know, Hollywood getting carried away with literary license again. We know there's none of these, so in the Sicilian, all of that stuff. And Izzy says to me, so carried away when he's telling me this about the soprano. He said, oh, by the way, have you ever been to Italy? I said, yeah, about 1,600 times, goofball when he just, you know, he's all emotional because he feels you're Italian people are being put in a bad light. But you remember what the senator from the vatic said. The Italian people are a great people and yeah. And then they said to him, well. 560, 50560, on the 18th, he was my offer is this. Nothing. Here's the Davy. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. I met you last year at the Leaf Game 60 pounds heavier. All right. And because of you, my girlfriend, she's now down about 30 pounds doing atkins. But you like that. See, this is what I need. It's a little motivation. I got to squeeze and plead to get the atkins people out of the closet. I mean, it's making another big comeback now. All the networks are finally catching on and they're realizing that all you people are still alive. You haven't died from it yet. Right. Do you see the, uh, date line spot? I did see that one. Yeah. I thought that was pretty good. They didn't have to have that registered bitch on there. You know, to give the other side. But I thought they, uh, it was fairly, uh, even because usually in the past, they always just, uh, rip it to pieces. Yeah. Unfortunately, I'm in the drug business and it's totally all political. Right. Is you? Well, right. Oh, sure. No, anything that's good for you. And you can do it in natural. That's what it's, it's bad for you. That's right. But, um, one quickie, a little, it's not a plug, but the new atkins have a new chocolate takeout. Yeah. You've been out there. We're in sunrise to get that one. It's graded in the little freezer counter. In sunrise? Yeah. The one right there on, uh, sunrise full of art. So what? That's all I want. Sorry. It's the light. It's excellent. Oh, that's a different delight. That's not the same outfit. Yeah. It tastes just like a brownie. And it's a really, really good. The, the, where is it? I'm sunrise and where? Sunrise just off the university behind hops over there. Oh, okay. That one, and then there's a one out in, um, Albertsons, out in Pemberpind, right next to Albertson. We don't want to give him too many plugs. Allen will give it all psychotic, a pair of books. Okay. Thanks a lot, Palagro. He's cool. Maybe we're looking good. You got it. Doing it. See you. We're looking good, man. Rock knocking at him for Thomas. Hopefully in front of the day. That's a good thing. That very first one of the nights in a hockey league. Right, Tom. For Am I there. Some of the butterflies that that young man certainly have to have with the kids with stomach that probably gone with that fifth post-save on the first shot. He's experienced in the NHL. Here is something you can get. I need to do it. And Travis, you can get three, five, seven, six, six. Let's succeed on the rebound and play. Wouldn't be fun with our match. Oh, I just get goosebumps from Joe Bowen. It just makes it here on my, uh, back to man straight up. Joe Bowen, baby. There's my man. Greatest. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. 21 till 2 at 2 a.m. I was at the Lord, even loves Neil Rogers. My friends, I believe Tom this country has four fish-shone leadership. For that I need your chicks and money orders. Friends, I can assure you, I know. Let's pass through you. Good man, I'll push you. Try to ride our lives. With red balls and they're about the Friday night. Good little Christians, you wait there, hey, around. And power grabbing for a new turn, right. Good little Christians, free watching all their kids. Throw up those evening, very tell time true. My few you have to pay. To be a mother, they all been told you to. The Christmas means check from Neil Rogers. But they're marketing to. Good little Christians, for you, ladies, and ladies, that's why they never have to tell back to. Good little Christians, happy to share for what is. They like to swap and swing and cheat on town. Good little Christians, protecting our children. I don't think that little group Gary Bower was really screwing around. Oh my god, what kind of self-respecting bitch would touch that? Man. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. He called for a tube with a cook 5 to 6. Oh, look at that, I just, I just munged. I can't believe I did that. No man, I'm sorry, well, like I said, too many people in this country are obsessed with a wrong stop eating. Always fooling that fat babe. Don't you think so? No, I'm just checking out these great products from Delight to West Boca. And it's chocolate pudding. And it's, I mean, naturally, not everything in the store I'm going to love. Because some of the low carb stuff, I think is great. And some of it is okay. And some of it is, you know, but it's up to you, you'll sample. In fact, that's the great part about that place is that number he said. You loved everybody's sample, everything before expressing the vibe you tasted. And then you decide, is it good or is it, you know, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's my any, hello. My any. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing Neil? Okay. And I think you decided a little bit. But the professor, the teacher, I should undo a middle school that got arrested for our sexual relationships with a student. No. At a middle school? No. Well, it's funny because I went to school about five years ago. And the guy, everybody knew about it, you know, it was, you know, having sexual relationships with girls there. Yeah. And the cops that were supposed to protect the school that were assigned to the school. They were in it. They knew about it. Yeah. And nothing about it. And they were supposed to be on the side. By the way, speed of that. How come we, there was nothing in the papers. It must have, and they sure it happened yesterday. This latest, uh, who are ringing Miami? Were they, yeah, did you see that? And they arrested about to guys and the hookers had Van Moestuck. But they are assuming that they were minors again. And, you know, don't see me. You know, every time I asked this question, all one is an internal investigation going on. And there's going to be a big expose. Did we ever hear one more worried about that? Hookered deal by the red candle? No. And all those cops that were showing up from every guy that police force in County, they were here any follow up on that? No. No. Man, you talk about sweeping crap out of the carpet. And in the meantime, we got great investigative reporters like, Al pardon me for killing your sunshine on Channel 4. The waving is Hamhawks. It guys, because they had the audacity to be open on a sunny day after the mayor told us it was going to be about hurricane. And he's out there waving his arm shame on you. That's a kind of great investigative journalism. We get him this time. Oh, yeah, there's a big internal investigation. Sure, we believe you scored scored to get in the mop. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. We got 20 or 30, 40, 50 open lines here. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello? Yes, sir. You know, how are you? Okay. I was driving. I'm already stopped. But I was driving up I-95 by 5.95 and storm brainstorm. So we started pouring down. And all these courses in front of me put up their hazard lights. What's the deal with your hazard lights? The deal is that they're idiots and you're against a lot of drive with your hazard lights on. What would you say that lot enough under radio so that's so good? Let me finish on you. You're on top there. It is against the law to drive with your hazard lights on. Hazard lights are for like when you pull off to the side of the road when your car is disabled when you're in total panic, then you put your hazard lights on when you're in a park position. Not why you're driving and moving your vehicle on the road. Thank you, sir. Thank you sir. You're the cleaner radio. And God bless you. I'm not afraid for you. Yeah. Oh, I mean the driving thing. Yeah, it's it's ponderous. It's depressing. I could go on about this forever whenever but it ain't going to change because you got a lot of dumb people out there. You pull some driver. It is time off to the side of the road. They say, well man, what I do wrong. They don't even know. They haven't got a clue what they're doing wrong. Because they, you know, they got their drivers lights out of a guy named box of a cracker jacks. Or maybe out of a box of guy named a black beans in rice. I don't know where to held a got it. And they're out there on the road. Like, oh, look at me. I'm a driver. Could have fooled me. People and of course as soon as it which it only rains, you're almost every guy then. They at least 80% of the year. And as soon as it starts raining, hey, I can understand. It's a driving rain storm. And you can't see 10 feet in front of you. Okay, then you slow way down. And if you're real pussy, you pull off the road and then you put on your hazard lights. But as soon as it starts raining, you know, fairly hard. Oh, my God, it's like cheese. I mean, and then of course all these terrified people, they're making all kinds of desperate Mosiners and getting everybody else to panic. And there's people all over the goddamn road. Like people moving crap on a goddamn chessboard. Cars are sliding all over the road trying to avoid each other. Crazy people. Cut the crap. Turn off the hazard lights. You crazy people you. Now, here's Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. I would like to take advantage of your beautiful spirit today. And a confident that I hear you today, vitriolic and climaturgical. I would like to hear from you, great with them. What do you think about FPNL? What does that mean? What do I think about them? Yes. In other words. I think about FPNL. What do you think about Southern Bell? What do you think about Walmart? What do you think about Walmart? I think that Walmart... What do you think about Kmart? Kmart? What do you think about Target? Never been there. Yeah, okay. Well, check it out. Call me back when you check it out. Target. Got that kind. 560, 505, 60. You don't know a lot about that, sir. And Tom 560 on the AT&T world of slime. What do I think about FPNL? Oh God. Oh, I can't talk to those of you guys who got his driver's license in a box of black beans and rice.