They'll present the Neal Roger show to talk to me. I'll go on behind 6-7-056. We told 3-8 in Broward or Home 5. Just a little bit. You'll get a little bit of Neal. Is this callers? Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WCQAM. Be easily read acquisitions or the weekly broadcast group. Now, Neal Roger is on the Sports Radio 5-6 in QA and... What a... Fuck up, draw that one. What a... Fuck up, draw that one. There's a... ...be a... ...be the violin stage. There's a... ...the rap music now. Yeah. Inject our penis with crack. Okay. You boy, may my brain give it and the best gate so let's do. Some two types of sports. Two... ...and get rid of the normal two-day... ...of the... ...or this one. Two... ...300... ...300... ...guys. ...tare... ...tare... ...some color to work this morning. And maybe the bad mistake of Yenken and CD out just long enough for the radio to come on to kick in. And I hear in progress, I join this unbelievable suction going on in here. And here's the... ...one and only... ...I must be crazy, I must be nuts. John Henry, on here. And their kissing is ass and sucking his ass. Oh, isn't it, Brady? He's taking calls. You doing a good job, John? You doing a good job. Ha ha ha. And then I walk into the building and I come up here on the third floor. And I'm going to tell you, you have never seen such an entourage or a plastic ass holds in suits in your entire life. Am I right? There was what? 72 guys out there and I got them hallway. Body guards, face men... Seven, such an... Seven, such an... There are... ...step and fetch it guys. Periodometics to separate these guys... ...lips from John Henry's... ...Rectome. I just unbelievable. And then when the whole thing finally gets over... ...we're going to invite away the last hour with all a Jeremy Shapcraft. That was just a desperate attempt to change gears to cover up the suck job they did for me tonight. AM. What am I told you? They're just our almost no people in this town with balls. To your face, they'll kiss you, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, and then the minute that you're gone. Oh yeah, well who wants to build that guy, I say to him. Ha ha ha. Yeah, that kind of crap. That takes big balls. And speaking of big balls, see, I just don't understand what it is. This is a fraternity. This isn't a professional market. This place. The fraternity of suckles. Ike Seaman's. There is one of the most pathetic old-futty duddies... ...who was shipped by NBC at the Twilight of a mediocre career down here. Just like me, Sheldon Gillan. Everybody at the network level that's finished, they ship him down here. And Ike Seaman's is a classic example. So he's in there breathlessly. He's attached by the lift to John Henry. Yeah, they had to bring in the surgeons to do the surgery... ...disappearate before they can get him out of here. Just sucky, sucky, sucky, sucky, kissing up. And I wish it could see John Henry, by the way. If you think he looks isn't really impressive on the front page of the newspapers, wandering around looking for fans in this day, he looks equally impressive in his very expensive suit right here in the hallway, with his Aunt Roger of wannabees and suckles. Guess what John Henry, the answer is still? No, yeah. No. Yeah, that's the answer. Still no. And I love the guy that calls there about a quarter to nine this morning... ...to say, oh yeah, well, Mr. Henry, the reason that this is... ...never gonna fly at his plan of yours is two words, Neil Rogers. It's amazing to me. Ninety at least 93, 94% of the audience doesn't listen to this show. They don't listen to this show. And yet I've got this tremendous assume of power. So I have a great idea of assuming that this guy's correct. And I have that much power. I've got an answer for you, John Henry, if I'm the chicken of wood pile. Or do you gotta do his right at check? I'd say a nice even $1 million would do it. And then, what's the million dollars to a guy with his money number one? And number two, that stands to get about a quarter of a billion dollars stadium out of the whole deal. Million dollars is pocket chicken feet. Come on, back in, John. You write me a check for a million dollars cash. I'll walk out of here the second that the check clears the bank. And you'll never hear from me again. Never see me again, never hear from me again. It's a lot cleaner than that, you know. Just amazing. Or yeah, well, the arraggers is the reason this thing isn't going to work. And you should have seen, by the way, I come in here by timing was really great this morning. I come in on the third floor to come in this studio. And they're all standing, the whole entourage would join Henry there. And I also like Seaman's with his head up John Henry's back going right there in the hallway doing stuff together. I can't say what? And so naturally, here's Jim Crawford, one of our engineers. Here's the Donny Bee, that suck hole out in the hallway. Hey, morning Neil, morning Neil, of course, making sure that my name gets a lot of money. So that these people all the way. So as soon as he hears Neil and takes a look, John, we're going to make a good old sound. Yeah, under his breath, I heard him go. Eeeeh! Just like that. And the amazing part of it is there actually were a couple because, you know, when these people are on, you'll notice the tremendous turnaround. Not just from the host, but from the audience. All of a sudden, or people call in, oh yeah, well, I'm a big fan. Yeah, and it's what I'm ashamed that you have to take all this crap, but on his station, you get all this crap. Not a question of giving out people crap, but just a question of telling the truth, telling it exactly the way it is. And then with a couple of good questions, dig it on there, did he answer the question? Oh, no, including one guy that said he was a baseball fan, who wanted to know if, very legitimate question, if the tax thing doesn't go through, if there's going to be any tax and I aren't going to be a tax dollars to build a new stadium, will he pledge to build a stadium himself? Anyone, but I mean, but above and to the guys there, did any of those three guys say, hey, you haven't answered the question? Oh, no. Six BBs in there. Three guys with six BBs, not one ball, not one real ball among three guys. And this is on a so-called sports show. Three, push these. Pussy's galore. That's going to be the notion of name in the morning show instead of the worst thing. Pussy's galore. And just like last year when BM, when BM was doing that hockey show at the Tuesday morning, to the audience, did the audience at any point make these guys hold an accountable at any point? No, because you're not, it doesn't care. The people that call, especially on those sports nerd shows, they just want to hear the sound of their own voice. They don't really give a crap. They don't care if you come on here and you have no credibility on. You just suck everybody's ass to their face and then we're ripping behind their back. I mean, I'll say for Hank, remember last time he had John Henry called in, because he's always trying to muscle this way. It's radio station like we owe him something and guess what? He's part of the reason, part of the reason that this station is, you can't finish the construction project out there in a hallway. Because it's the albatrosser about our next is the Marlins Broadcast rights. So John Henry, we're similar along the line of things. We owe him something. We owe him something. Oh, good kick any ass is what we owe him. And last time he called up Hank and we're talking at the beginning of the call about, well, you know, I'm trying to drum up support for my taxpayer and the Hank said, Well, you're not going to fight it on this show. Nice going Pat's own. I'm going Hunter. But there's at least a guy would one decent and testicle anyway, which is more than you'll find in this morning show here with a three suckles. See, there's no interest. How long have I been telling you that there is no interest. This is not a baseball town. And John Henry's going out about, well, there's just no revenue. You know, there's no revenue because it all goes to Wayne and go we don't know the stadium. But you know something if there's no revenue, it's a bad deal. It sounds like a bad deal. How many people out there in his audience have made a bad business deal or a bad investment? And then would like somebody else to come and bail him out? Like the SNL deal, you know? Should we bail him out? Oh, the answer is still no. And not because the O'Rodges says no because the overwhelming majority of people who want to say no never even heard any O'Rodges. They just don't want anymore goddamn tax money to subsidize stadiums for billionaires and millionaires. That's all. Especially in a market when nobody cares. There is no interest other than the handful and we'll hear from them, you know, but other than the handful of people with no lives who keep wandering out there because they have nothing else to do. And think that they're seeing major league baseball, which for the most part they're not. And most people, there is no interest. This is not a sports town. So the fact that this is a sports station, I guess these people have to keep sucking up to these guys and pretending it's a sports town because it's their livelihood. It is not a sports town. It's never going to be a sports town. It's a dolphin town period. That's it. That's as far as you need to go. That's it. And you'll notice between nine and ten once they got done with the 15 minutes of the Jeremy Shatcraft to try to, you know, cover up like the dog. Kick an up it's legs in a backyard again. Trying to cover up it's pile. You'll notice the calls that did come in with usual in any questions. What about that third down at penalty Joe? What about the, how come the ball was a, instead of nine yards? The same at my Nusha. The same my Nusha, the same in any idea of a question that only a mental midget, only a mentally ill person could possibly be wondering about. Only somebody would much much too much time on their hands could possibly even conjure up in his mind. What about the third and seven play with? Yeah. What about it, by the way? Ten minutes and by the way, John. No. That's still the answer. Just be crazy. I must be nuts. This is the face of a reptile dysfunction. And this is the face of a reptile dysfunction. And this is the reaction to erectile dysfunction. Yep. That's what you're looking at guys. You may never be able to recover from an incident like that again. But you won't have to worry about that. If you supplement your EDS procedure with Dr. Richard Winers, Dr. Dick Extenders. Whether the Viagra works or not, you are secure with Dr. Dick Extenders. Ask your medical practitioner for detail on Dr. Dick Extenders today. You'll be glad you did. That's 50 to 50 to 50 WKM. We're looking for the names of the people in his town who have ball. That's going to be one of my projects today. Is make a list. You think I need to pen? Or maybe I can do like with a tip of my bloody finger, my thumb. I was going Tracy, by the way. It was my 98 degrees Christmas CD. Looking for the names of the people in his town who actually have a pair, or maybe like one decided testicle. It shouldn't take too long. No, it's a fraternity. It's a close little club where they suck each other's ass. Oh, Ed Pope had a great column today. What was that? What year was that? When did Ed Pope ever write anything that was profound, interesting, insightful? Anything? Did it ever happen? Oh, no. And you know, we got people on this station that had their lips attached deep to his act. I don't understand why. And the same with Ike Seaman. Ike Seaman's got to have naked pictures of every broadcast during his town except me. I don't get it. What's the big sentence with him? Except for the fact that we got somebody on this station that works on the same TV channel with him. So they, you know, like in bed together. He's a funny guy. He's a silly old man. Who was in here just sucking up the John Henry. I'm telling you, they had a, it was like a boxing match. They'd keep coming in and separating him from the clinch. Oh, by the way, speaking of boxing that guy's dead. We'll get into that. Here's a mobile and crawl spring, hello? Yes, sir. How you doing today, yes? Okay. So I would, I would do you say in about John Henry with the God to, you know, a business decisions and things like that. He didn't become like you said a multi-millionaire of billionaire because he made poor business decisions. Yeah. Now, as far as, you know, all we find stability, I think there is many. No, but he was the one at said. He said, there's no revenue from the stadium right now. There's no, there's a Scott box revenue. All goes to pick up the dead on the stadium and the signage and everything goes to Wayne. He knew that going in. He didn't discover that after he made a deal. That's what I'm saying. I'm totally in agreement with you. And the point is that what he's, what is he trying to perpetrate on us? What you trying to say to, to the, to the, you know, the, he's who in what he is is a liar. He's an absolute liar. I came in and he said, oh, well, you know, when he first was going to buy the team and he was making his big campaign to suck up to the public. Oh, you know, even if the public doesn't agree with a building the new facility, I'll build it myself. Then after he made this deal, which now he's crying about what a bad deal it is. Now all of a sudden he says, well, I, I'll build a state of myself, but it only be a small 25,000 seed stadium. And we'll never have enough revenue to go out and get a really good team and be competitive. And it's that everyone's so on. What somebody asked in this morning, would you really, are you really committed to going out and building yourself? He danced all around. He never answered the question. He never had any points in yes. So I, in other words, flat nail is the way to go. What it is is the whole concept here because you remember when Wayne was crying about, well, you know, I can't make money with a Marlins because the public will never build the stadium. We already built the arena for the hockey team. Don't ever build the stadium because I'm a bad guy. Everybody hates me like poison, which is true. So in they really believed at least he con John Henry into believing that if by selling the team to John Henry, a John Henry was going to put on this big PR campaign. Oh, he really loves baseball. He's just a regular guy. He's not an asshole like Wayne. It's an everyone so on. And oh yeah, the public was just all of a sudden developing appetite for spending more tax money to build the stadium. Well, guess what? It happened. It didn't happen. And it was only after all the pulling that they did. And after all the negative response from virtually everybody, including the hotel association, only after that that it came up with this cockaminy desperate deal of all will all give 90% of the profits back to the public. That was never part of the original deal. That's only another desperate lie in a different desperate con job to try to suck people in the supporting it. So bottom line deal is is there anything that we as the average guy can do to tell John Henry hey. Yeah, when it gets to when it goes on the ballot next November, the answer is still. Oh, that's all. Very simple. It's going to lose overwhelmingly and everybody knows that. Beautiful. And also just the go to a point like you said yesterday, which was great. Ken Jenny doesn't have a chance to be a total cancer. Okay, and have a great day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got 7,000 open lines here. We're searching for the all the tremendous interest in that John Henry thing this morning. That suck up job we had for now on this radio station. And for the long list of people who have balls in this town. We had a name yet. No. No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm five, 60 on the AT&T line. 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, New York. Yes, sir. First time all the first time listening and listening to you for a week. Ken, I was nervous. Yes. Yeah, I just wanted to tell you about this John Henry guy. Sounds like just like a big octopus coming that wants to just get into people's pockets. And, you know, we got so many other things going on this town. We need, you know, the traffic. We need to solve that. We need to plan on something to to. And we said again, kids are going to school and Brewery County in portable schools. They don't have, they don't have the money to get the computers and they thought they were going to have for all the kids. They're kidding date county that aren't getting lunches lunchtime every day. Their kids would know textbooks in date county. And we got assholes in this town that are willing to spend any kind of tax money. No matter where it comes from the bill of stadium for a billionaire. Yeah. For a baseball team that 99% of the people who don't care about. You're right. I worked in education. And now tell you, I had to get out. It was just as miserable as miserable. It was the education system here. You know, people like him should look at maybe how they can help. You know, and I mean, this is not a baseball town. Does not sports town. You're right about that. They drew 3 million people last first year, only because of the novelty of it. And because it was new and exciting or whatever else. And the fact is that when they found when they got to the World Series two years ago during a playoff, they had on-soul tickets during a playoff. Yeah. That's how much of a baseball town this is. That's right. That's right. But I just wanted to say that if you want to stadium, he needs to get out of his rectum. Okay. Right. See. Just pull him on the audio. Right there. It was if you can separate those tons from it. See, I don't understand why some of these guys, especially these warning guys, get a free pass from their audience on this station. I don't understand it. I mean, it was right there. All you had to do was listen, which I usually don't, but I listen for almost of that hour. And just sucky, sucky, sucky, and soft balls and protecting from the colors. Just like they always protected Brian Murray from the colors on a coach show until finally somebody asked to talk question. And they're right away to bed, bring in the B. C. M. and B. N. to protect them from a tough question. Do you know how it just doesn't care? All they want to do is suck up. Suck up. A lot of sucks in this town. It'll invert some of that you watch. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Well, this is just like yesterday when I gave away those tickets to the concert, isn't it? No. When we get online, it's lit up like crazy because we had a bunch of free loaders. I'm not sorry that I did though, was a Monday and a kill 2 and a half hours. It was great. And maybe the first to actually got to tickets might have the decent TV call in date and say, thank you, Neil, we had a great time or whatever. You think that's going to have it? No, probably not. Probably went out and scaled them. Here's a mobile in summary. Hello. Amy, hi. Yes, sir. Okay. John Henry is a dishbag. I mean, that. It's not a vegetable town and nobody cares about it. And I tell you what that is. I can't give you something. How come people weren't calling up saying that between eight and nine this morning? I was coming a section hour was going on. I tell you what happened. I called it and I usually don't call the worst thing I refused to talk to them, but he kissed me off so much and I tried to call and they didn't let me on because I said, I want to ask John Henry a question and they did. Well, you know what they're doing the heavy screening again to protect him from the people. And people was on there talking about what a great job he's doing taking a call as from the public. Like he's really taking the tough calls. Exactly. Because I want to ask you not to question and they says, well, if you don't tell us the question, we cannot let you on. I'm like, well, oh, well, you know, I told them and this is what we can let you on the show. So, you know, the people that they tried to call and talk to them and tell them the truth. They did not want to let us listen. This is just like the coach show would be in last year all over again. I mean, I mean, what's the point of bringing these people on here and give them an hour of our supposedly valuable airtime and putting this facade on of opening himself up to the public in their tough questions and answering them honestly when you're going to like protect him from that. What was the point? I don't know, but in the sports show when they say Ben Marino is done and they, you know, even they turn on him, you can't expect anything because this is not a sports show. And that is not a sports show. And that's the bottom line. Okay, pal. Thanks for the good news. So, once again, we're doing that heavy duty screening, heavy duty screening. But good job taking those calls. At about default, you are the number one suck hole in the world. You really are. Seriously. What do they call them? Default. What a suck hole. God. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. And see, I'm supposed to be the bad guy because I sit here expressing the viewpoint, which is, what would the overwhelming majority of people out there agree? Even if they didn't, I would still expect the viewpoint because that's what I feel about it. What a legacy this town is going to have. How many millions that are going to spend to preserve the circle out there? millions. Eight million dollars, I think, that the city is committed to that they may or may not get back in donations. To preserve the circle. And we're going to have to raise a couple hundred million to build a stadium for a billionaire here. You see, we got sucked into it the first time. And I admit that I'm one of the people I got sucked into, partly because of my enthusiasm for hockey. And partly because it looked like they had us convinced we're going to lose the team. Oh, yeah, the Panthers are going to go in an ax, build a going to Oregon. You know, something we should have told them, go ahead, pack them a sandwich. Good luck to you. We'll survive. I don't know how it is, but somehow life went on all those years. I've been here 23 years and somehow in fact, you know, something that was better before this town isn't going to improve because we got more sports branch. I was this town is turning into a toilet. Anybody who can tell me that this town is better today than it was 15, 18 years ago is got to be in the case. It needs to get a butterfly in it after him. So this bull crap in those papers keep proud of peli, about all the quality of life, sort of petted on having a baseball team and a state of, well, what is that bull crap? Quality of life was pretty good in Canada, when the York to be honest, whether we didn't have any baseball stadium. Had a lot of nice white people. Here's a mobile info lottery, hello. Anyhow, you know what I was talking about? Yes sir. If stuff that John Henry is putting out there in this garbage about returning the profits to the 90% of the nebulous profits, right? You know what will happen? Yeah. There won't be any profits. Probably not. By the way, they take care of their folks. They will get paid everything that they're looking to gain. And there won't be any profits. And not only that, but there is absolutely no accounting of, oh, nobody even has an idea at this point of where that money is supposed to go. It's something that there are profits. Where's that money going to go? And who's going to decide where it's going to go? And then the meantime, my kid goes to a middle school that's four years old and was overcrowded before the first day it opened. What's wrong with that picture? What's wrong with this picture is that this damn state and especially here in South Florida with all these old parts that we've got. They don't care about the kids and this is criminal. It's a crime. And that's why we have to spend so much money on prisons because when you don't take it, then when they're young and teach them right from wrong, they end up in prison. You got it. Just as long as they don't break into your house, I knew. Don't forget, just say no. No, just say no. Right. Okay, say, just say no to John Henry. Point six after ten is fine. And by the way, John Henry, like I said, the price is one up to a million and a half. Yeah, why should I settle for a million? I got as much chance to get a million and a half is a million from that piece of crap. Oh, yeah, I wish you could have seen this on to rise. They had in here this morning. And in fact, if the sun would have been shining partly through the window, we'd have had a puddle of plastic in the hallway. Could you use it for our erection project? 26 have to tend to 560 WQ. I don't like that, I don't like that! If you haven't been watching the new hit show action on the face network series, what you've been missing. I'm back here, you father. All of the foul language that gets edited out of network television is here on the station that's happened network at best. Oh, yes, I'm done. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You've been wasting your time watching crime time shows that don't say f***ing, you're a total f***ing f***ing watch your camera. They're in a watch, so fake network hits show action, everyone's safe with a rest of your life. Or at least until it gets canceled next week. And don't miss two new shows coming to the fake network. It's the premiere of f***ing you and go f***ing yourself. That's 31 at 560 WQ. I am seeing I was saying to George during the break and I think I'm right on target as usual. Oh, thank you. Then we see this in the sports station, not a sports box station. It's a sports bar with a microphone. George told me before I started here and as opposed to people that really discussed what's really going on, like the pros and cons book where I had a lineup interviewing the author. I'm the non, all the only non sports show on the station. I'd like to think with this boxer that died from his injuries in the last fight, which we'll talk about later. See, they aboard all this, asidiously, because it's a sit around and smooth and everything's a big joke. Ha ha ha, you know, every slap each other on a yes. And when it comes to something like this, John, Henry thing where you're talking about a community issue, it requires a little bit more involvement than that. It requires a little bit more cahones than that than just sitting around and everything's a big joke. And are we having a good time? Ha ha, yeah. No balls. No balls. I don't respect people with no balls. I condemn people with no balls, especially people pretending to be like broadcasters. I'm sure we're in the entertainment business, but along with entertainment, there's got to come just a little bit of responsibility, a little bit of conscience. I mean, here's the guy sitting there right in the room. Why not sit in him right while he's there? I'd have no problem with it. Not that I would give many of my airtime, but if for some reason he was in here, I have no problem looking even if facing saying, no, go build your own goddamn stadium. Or go to ask to be a lawyer somewhere. I'd get out of here. I have no problem with that. He doesn't impress me anymore than Wayne impressed me. Just like all that crap before I came to this station. Oh, I got a very jackass writing Neil Rogers. What's going to happen? He goes on there because Wayne owns the dolphin to bed. Did it change anything I've ever said? No, no. Am I going to change? No. Not unless the price is right. I got a price like everybody else. I was much of a horse, the next person. Well, maybe my price is a little bit higher. Here's a mobile and watch pombie. Hello. That meal, God. Oh, yes, sir. He's never doing with his money. That guy has made a little bit of making money with other people's money. Yeah. He's not going to put a penny up for that, for that mobile park. And the people I got to do it eventually, he's going to get him to do it. No, I don't think so. Well, you might be right. You don't have anybody. You know anybody that would vote in favor of it and favor using any kind of tax money to build a Mysterium. I don't. Well, you'd be surprised that you got in the county. No, I know what we got in the county. You'd be surprised. I used to leave their left or 10 years ago. There's a bigger toilet that he wants. Move to Palm Beach County and he's getting just like they currently up here. Yeah. Okay. I'll see you in store. Okay. 560560, Pong 560 on the AT&T line 877, the out of town line. It's that is a door nail baby. Just like yesterday where we gave away those bestied boys. Is that guy called by the way to say thank you yet? Or they went to, uh, he scouts and we got a lot of money or anything like that? No. 877-785-6345 on the out of town line 75 Neil. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. I was a historical researcher for the state of Florida and I was suspended because I, I'm releasing that was going to release about the circle, but things are circle. Mm-hmm. And I think everybody in your listeners should really know the truth about that, is that the truth about that is all the chiefs in the chiefs used to come around. And that's where they actually had the first circle jerk. Uh-huh. And how is it that I knew where this was going? Well, but chiefs, how was it that I did come now? How was it that? I kept going through my mind when I heard that tired old voice of yours. Sir, is there any special reason for it? Oh, just the usual reason. With your week material. 5605-60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. 877-870 right on that out of town line, pound beats, four miles all over the goddamn world over the country. 877-785-6345 is not where back to business as usual as opposed to yesterday morning. And night's going by the way, column 3 hours of the show with those tickets. Guess who the first person was I saw in a way out of the building. I get on the elevator, it's jumping. It's King Curry. Oh, saying, hey, well, you're going to be able to go that couch at night or you're going to take it away. I said, no, I gave them away. I got other stuff. I'm going to have to lose money at the track last night, which I did. Somebody's got a few of the horses. So I guess I was supposed to feel bad because I know that I busted their chops about those tickets. But in fact, anyway, kid, and she still had a big ass. Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Yes, sir. Hey, I mean, do you want to give a stadium or should you give a stadium, so you can open up a drag racing? You know, keep someone who's kids off with a street because they closed. I'm okay. Here's a pepper pine, hello. Yes, sir. With the same five colors they get every morning on that show. Yeah. It's hard from North Miami or whatever. The guy Joey the facts. Yeah. Nothing different on that. And anybody different that wants to get on that might have a different point of view or put whoever the guest is on the spot. They don't get on. They do the heavy duty screening. And if you don't, you know, if best of what the question is going to be, you don't get on the ear. What kind of a show is that? Or you have to wait on hold for 15 minutes because they have 45 minutes of spot on there. Yeah. So I stopped bothering. I don't call there. I haven't. I barely listened to that show anymore. He said nothing different than he's been saying for the last six months. Right. And he really didn't answer a couple of one. He got a couple of reasonable questions. He didn't answer him. Especially the work is he really willing to spend money to build his own stadium. Now he doesn't even respond to that. He wants to let the voters decide that the voters know. There's no questions going to be overwhelming. Whether without any arraggers. There is nobody in his right mind that's going to spend another time to build a play pens for big winners. And a town that's got so many needs that we've got. Where the main city in his town is on a verge of bankruptcy. Great. And have a great day. Now we won't get any of the people of disagree because like I said, most people are suckles. Anyways, we won't give people a disagree. Not the vivid that many of them out there. Somebody old parts and these old fossils. You know, the old baseball guys that are trying to like live in the past. Those crusty old parts who have no life and go out there and sit there. Sitting the rain, you know, for three hours. They don't care. They're hoping for pneumonia. No, there's nobody. Nobody. Five, six, seven...complage. There's people there. I see post. for that was chewing people out because they had a audacity to open up when the mayor was running around screaming and hypervettating on the day we were supposed to be having hurricane but we really weren't in the sun was shining and out there you'll be open here and beating people in your restaurant waiting his ham hox at people screaming in yelling. I mean there is for most of the people in this town especially the people in the media you are a bunch of cowards you are a bunch of aquislings you're nothing you're your tragic. I mean there was a humiliated for you I'm embarrassed that I work in a goddamn town like this but I'll take the money anyway thank you. 560 50 50 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Tom Jack. Look after these on over the face but you can just yell by the look on my face only when you are a fact street boy. I'm not a guy ever called back from yesterday and say thank you very much. Oh I got the 1500 bucks of pop. John. What ever was named was John the John call. No. I don't know I hope you had a great time John's about effective if you don't call the next half hour 45 minutes maybe we're not going to wish you had a great time never going to wish you broke your leg. Here's Hollywood hello. Oh is that us? Yes sir. Hear me? How many exactly think about this? Yes. Stadiums we really need one on each corner. Okay on each corner of each. Now he's also by the way there's a thing about the hurricane stadium. The on campus arena that they need so this will be for the basketball program that nobody goes to the games and nobody cares about. And especially when you consider the fact that there is no campus to begin with and number two that the students don't support any of that lot of things and the campus anyway. What's the point? Yeah but they go to the right. So they could let the hurricanes play in the old Miami arena. Yeah well they didn't draw anybody there and they won't draw anybody and if they go to the menu and either. Right. So there's a lot of campus and there is no student constituency there like I said when I used to do hurricane baseball for six years there. I've said this just a couple of weeks ago 99% of the people who were there were like you know people from the community there were no students there maybe a handful. Because when you go to you, you have to have a small handful. And then of course the hockey teams move in the way. Supposedly. Yeah. So all right we built that one for nothing. All we have is work once. We were dumb enough to be black males once. If you don't build me a state of the art arena, I'm going to move away. We're going to move the team and he was right on the verge and we went ahead. We got sucked into that and we did it. And for self-resolutions it's right by my house and I like hockey. That's you know at the time I said it was okay but it really wasn't okay and we got to stop doing this. And what better point to stop with the Puts like John Henry? Yeah. Oh gosh. Well I'll tell you what for the last game that they play or the marlins play at for a Robbie stadium there. Yeah. The team on trading card day and just cancel it right there. Uh-huh. Just forget the baseball game. Well if the marlins get a crowd over there but you gotta do it soon because they will. The marlins want to move. Right mean are we got to pay for another? No, we'll pack him a sandwich. It'll be a lot cheaper sir. We'll have it. Well I have Chuck over in a corner there. It's right close by to stadium. We'll have our friend Chuck from the sub center. Make up a whole big bunch of the sub sandwiches. And we'll pack everybody on the organization to sandwich. Well, obviously the shit those people on the hallway over there works brother suits didn't look to me like anybody was missing any meals including John Henry, even the way it looks like you could buy crane on the bad day. Just building the stadium next on. I'll give you back all the money. I'll give you back all the profits. Anybody believe it? No. That God then the arondars. That's the problem. You're mad you have the bird. Yeah, you know what. You're right. When you come right out of it, have you ever seen him in the bird together? No. He's the bird. That's who that is. What he is the bird. If I laugh for a shotgun, there you go. John Henry as the bird. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, don't say. Okay. You know, I was listening a little bit yesterday. I don't know if anybody mentioned it. The $45 million rest. Probably just don't come on the alligator alley. Right. But it's not just a restaurant. It has actually, it has boat ramps. And they said that I think it was in the sunset on Sunday's paper buried somewhere in the middle somewhere. But the writer said the writer actually said they could have built three brand new elementary schools in Broward County. Right. But they decide the waste or money on a restaurant. That's about for people that are driving over to Naples. For that hour long drive across the alley. So I just thought I'd give you a little something to add to the misery. And you realize it had to be extra secure and extra expensive because that's why we do it. $45 million. People can bring their data. Because I'll tell you that every time I've driven across alligator alley, I always do a real threatened. Yeah. Well, you know, they put the boat ramps in. So all these joyos with the jet geese can go out there and check the alligator. All right. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. There you go. By the way, $155 million on Mars lander. And heard from it yet? No. And it's not only $165 million, it says if this effort fails and almost will certainly leave the team, this embarrassed Mars team. In the previously unthinkable position of having lost three landers in one orbiter, the entire $360 million, panoply of robots aimed at Mars this year. It was to have been a vital second wave of research in a sequence exploration of Mars. See, when they write the history of mankind, when they look back in retrospect, and they write the history of mankind, these kinds of things, all of these things. We'll be listed. Man's play toys. I mean, I'm not, I'm not a funny study. Who's against space exploration to a point? But see, I'm one of those people who believes that you take care of your most important priorities first. And then when you have money left over to play around with, then you did over the extra money. Do we have extra money to do around with down here? No, no. We don't have any. So go, go, did over with your security. People go, did over what I see, means okay, John, I mean, we don't have any extra money down here to do it around with anymore. For sport assholes like you. And by the way, isn't it interesting? Not only did Wayne lie that line that I always played about well, if you go ahead and building the state of my will play there about about because I don't want to be a liar. He used to be a liar. We all know he's a liar. And he's playing there right now. But now the teams up for sale. He's making all this money. And we'll continue making all the money just like the concerts last two nights. He makes the line sure that profits from all the events in that arena. Hockey games, who don't hockey games. And they go and help them. They build on this $200 million dollar, a police will stay to the art place. Well, it's not good for his stock. So he's going to bail out now anyway. How many times can somebody come along and kick you people in the teeth before you say, I don't think so no more. No, no more. No, thank you. Here's a mobile and pop at OB. Cholo. Neil God. Yes, sir. This is John. I got the tickets for the show last night. There you go. All right. And thank you so much. I'm sorry you missed it. It was a great show. Yeah. I was a little bit busy with my life. And she's a big back-to-beoys fan. They kept playing songs after songs like, wow, I didn't know they did that. And it was in the best sheets I've ever been in my life. It was right up front. But the main thing I remember from the show and I can still hear it today is unbelievable the screaming girls behind us. Yeah. It was shocking. That's why I wouldn't go. I just can't handle it. And the worst thing was the lady beside me had her little, perppy little son there and she was dressed up very simply outfit and was diving after everything as they threw off the stage and he was sitting there like he'd rather be treating Pokemon cards. Yeah. How was it? Great shot. Okay, exactly. Had a good time, pal. Thanks. Thanks for having me a percent of your very best. Thank you Neil. Okay. See there you go. I told you he'd call was I confident. Oh. But he did a nice one, Ergian. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. How was line 7 doing by the way? I'm a little bit nervous after what you done. Sounds fine to me. They all seem to be working again. They were working just fine. I would John Henry was on. I walked by the other room there. So I had the lines lit up like a Hanukkah bush. Of course, at the time I didn't realize that they were screening heavy duty all the calls and making sure that the tough questions they were going on a year. See I don't understand what kind of a show is that? What kind of a radio station is it where you're going to bring these people on who are supposed to be sports, personalities, celebrities, mobiles, whatever they are, maggots and protect them from the tough questions. See the first, there's one word that comes to my mind immediately. What I think about that. You know what the word is? Vroom. Yeah, boring. boring. Because there's not going to be any controversy. There's not going to be any fireworks. There's not going to be any exciting exchange. There's a boring, contrived, prepackaged, dull, dull. And all the Jeremy Shap Juniors in the world are going to change that before. Here's Sunnyvale. What are our chronics on the bat line? Hello. How are you doing? Okay sir. Hey listen, you can get really John and we're just like we did Eddie DiBardlo out here. Yeah. Bring Janet Reno down and have them interviewed. Yeah. Eddie was busted for gambling and some now the 49ers are owned by. But I think John Henry, I think John Henry is too boring to be playing. I don't know. Well, I haven't checked down. I mean that's the quick way. Let me be out to check out his yacht and see what he's going on there. The 165 fold yacht that he's always off to Alaska with Johnny Horton. That's right. Were there money coming for somewhere? Yeah. Probably probably. Okay thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 2, 1, California. Okay, pal, stick to something you know about. And on the outer town line, 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5. See like I told you, there's no interest in this in the first place. So it's extra. It's like double dose of embarrassment that they would take an hour of our valuable air time this morning of the little bit of time we got in between spot breaks. They would take a what is it about 15 minutes we have out of each hour something like that and handed over to this guy. What is not even an interest in it? Nobody cares. Everybody over you knows it's a done deal at, oh, not going to happen. No. We're not going to vote you know. And then little jellies on it. Well, I'll wait till I see the final package they put together and then I'll make my decision. Yeah. You'll make your incision. Who the hell are you kidding, Torpey? You all sat around there and you sucked his ass. You were intimidated and he had all these guys walking around here. All these big guys near suits. A big entourage. Bodies impressive as a frog's part that telling person I was. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Hi, Neil. Hi, enjoy your show. You know, I'll listen to that. I'm going to be a, you know, you know, you know what should happen. Neil, they should take all these all of these big sports conglomers. Take them around the area in the city. It showed them what is really neat what's the central. Maybe they're having a second thought. And I got to be a Neil. You know that old mom park where the, you know, the old, you know, you've come out and practice your training. Yeah. How to be a good spot. Why don't they put them over there? They live in a lot of the people. They have to pay people for money, you know. Yeah. But anyway, Neil, I enjoy your show. I like your thoughts. Do these people go for that stadium. They got to be the stupidest people in the world. Okay. There's a chance they'll go pal. Okay. Okay. Even the dumbest of the dumb. They know that word. No. Three letters. This one's only two. No. No. No. No. No. NAY. NAY. No. No. Oh, don't say, yes. 5. 6. Yeah. Let's build it right on the side of the old Miami stadium that finally burned down. Let's build it right down. That's a real good neighborhood. Yeah. That's right. I got to go clean up that neighborhood, man. You build it with your money and see if anybody shows up your 25,000 seed stadium. I mean, this is a man that talks Kaka. Talks crap. And they don't want to put his feet to the parents. Hey, you know what? What are your sandwich? No sense at all. If you made a bad business deal, hey, wouldn't be the first time. Too bad. Made a bad business deal. Get out of it. Go sell it to somebody else or move it to someplace where they're subsidizing. Build you a goddamn stadium. Where you'll find a bunch of suckers. You found some suckers there this morning. I'll tell you. Three of my net show and an icing and something the hallway had his tongue down to his toes. God. What a suck hole, man. Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello. Cooper city. Hello. Yes, sir. We talked before, but on this stadium issue, one thing I never hear anyone talk about from Henry or the Harold said, you talk about 400 million. That's not the number. Number is you got a 10% constant. You've got a 40 million dollar year that load. I don't hear Henry saying that the marlins plus he's going to guarantee the 40 million dollars a year to cover the debt service. I don't look forward to getting to get to Henry. Just like you didn't hear Mickey Harrison say, when we're going to build a American Airlines arena, it's going to be opening any day now. Just like they didn't talk about it then when we were paying a total of everybody what a great deal in negotiated and how Mickey was paying the whole deal of Bill the arena. But he didn't. He left some of the minor details. They're going to leave the taxpayers that they'd count. He paying to support that building for the rest of the time to lay dirt down someday. And have a great day. Five six seven. He does this appear. It overwhelms five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. Five six. On the AT and T wireless life. It looks to me, John Henry, that's the resolvent of people. Even though there's no interest in your baseball team. But the resolvent of people is just this strong. And it has the interest still. Just like on a penny sales tax mayor, Pingo. The answer is no. And let me see it again. 90% of people in this town don't listen to the around your show. So it isn't because any around you're like that Jack has said on the morning show. It's because the people want to pay anymore. And we're going to have to pay more. We've got more important fish to fry. You silly person you. Four minutes before 11 at five. Safety WQA. I'm sorry. Oh. You keep making it. I'm sorry. Damn. You. This is PJ fly. They call me black. Because they know it's tough. And if you think Jerry curls not where it's at, then you're the one who's square. Because I tell you what. The fact isn't just this appear. It moves down a little bit. You see Jerry curl may not be cool. But this is. It's Jerry curl for your neck. Wow. Safety. You see the ladies dig it. It looks so. Yeah. Pat like. Yeah. They like chin nicks. And they look good. I use Jerry curl for your nuts. And I've never had so many compliments. At the urinals at work in the locker room at the gym. And even the priest confession I flashed last week. Jesus. It is sweet. And you should get hit with it. It's Jerry curl for your nuts. Back to them today. It's 11.15 60. Nobody killed my god. Hank at the cool city at two. We got to the books to read six. And North Carolina. What is it? North Carolina. Charlotte 49ers at the Amma Herkel and basketball. What is that? North Carolina. Charlotte. Well, I don't know. And do I care? No. But that's on at the seventh clock tonight. That a lot of empty lines. I'd tell you one thing. It sure was nothing like a parade of calls screened or not that they had this morning when John Henry was on. And you sure to hurt in case you missed that hour. You should have heard the way that most of the call was approached Mr. Henry. Oh, Mr. Henry. Thank you so much for taking my call and for coming on and speaking to us this morning. Mr. Henry. So I guess if a guy's got a lot of money automatically were supposed to respect him. What is it? Yeah. automatically suck his ass. That must be what I saw here this morning. Cause this guy's got a lot of money. So therefore everybody's got a suck up to him. I'm not the least bit impressed. In fact, I've discovered it in the course of my life that most of the people I've encountered who have a lot of money, their assholes. They're boring. They're divorced. They're nothing. I mean, not that I wouldn't like to have some of their money, but at the same time. That doesn't mean I'm going to suck up to him because I'm never going to get anyway. Oh, Mr. Henry, thank you so much for coming on and speaking to us this morning. Yeah, right. Like he's doing it as a public service and I try to bring wash and propaganda dies. Here's Pompano. Hello. I want to tell you right now, Howard County defies the chains of our mind and broken up the arena. I will not play there. Remember that? Yes. We should take a lesson from him, right? Same thing all those again. How about those Toronto Maple Leaf last night, sir? Yeah. Looks like a big game on Thursday between us, my flyers and your Maple Leaf. And again Saturday. Yeah, I know back to back. Should be able with nobody here knows what that's all about. Yeah, I know nobody here knows these Thomas Gordon overtime last night. At least came from a two nothing deficit in the first year and I want to Game over time three to do and after the eight points and lead the Eastern Conference. I'm going to go one. I'm going to go one. But nevertheless, it's only half the lead by one. I'm both playing great. Should be good. I'm per game. You are that done. Your team really scares me. Good. Good day and don't forget to follow that. And tell them these are thanks again. You got it. Okay, for the playoffs. Isn't that a shame that there's nobody here that you can even discuss that. That's like I said before. That tells you what kind of a sports town is this. It's not it just isn't Johnson dies from injury. And the ring, Steph and Johnson wanted to keep boxing even after we're not out to him the hospital April, but he's dead. He's dead. His death Sunday 31 from injury. And the November 20th, but underscore the pricey paid for ignoring those In other warnings about his health. He managed to get fights in spite of the fact he wasn't supposed to be. It was on medical suspension. He still managed to get his fights in Georgia and South Carolina before his November 20th, junior mid-away, but in Lennox City with Paul Vaden. He was knocked out by Vaden, never again consciousness before he died. And on top C. Showty died of a closed hit injury and left sub-dural hematumble with multiple complications. Is there anybody calling the sports shows about that? Oh, no. Is there anybody saying, oh my God, it's bar bearerking road test. And there's no purpose other than to beat somebody else's brains out. And they didn't in this case and he's dead. Which happened so many times. Is there anybody talking about that? Oh, no. Oh, do you see the fight the other day? Oh, oh yeah, what's that next? Tyson fight. Part of that whole sick machismo thing. It's like bullfighting is to the spam. That's what boxing is to watch. It's a sickness. It's a national sickness. It's kind of like along with guns, you know, in a violence. Part of that sick macho thing. Oh, that's right. A pangy like you. You wouldn't like boxing anyway. That's right. That must be it. Let's be the man. That's right. The bulls boxers. Here's a candle. Hello. Yeah, hello, Neil. Yes, sir. This Sunday, our pastor from our church said, not to listen to you, because you were a devil worshiper. Uh-huh. And, and, but he loves boxing. So, what's with that? I think he's crazy. Yeah. That's all I'm saying. I'm a devil worshiper. Yeah, there's what he said. What can I be a devil worshiper when there's no such thing as the devil? Well, because you belong to the world he says, because you didn't go to church, you know, you don't believe in God. Right. And I'm trying to believe there is no God at all. So, and others, I'm bad for his business. What he's really saying. And I'm glad for his honor. Yeah, to think that. What do you think? Okay. God bless you. It's your all- pray for you. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. He's wrestling with his conscious and wrestling with his snake. Ever the 20-shall meet. We got 1600 open lines here today. I'm like yesterday when we gave some tickets away. And bought some calls here from this dead ass audience. What was that we just had there now? What was that all about? Some wrong numbers, some real colors, some, you know, who's wrong numbers? Sorry, wrong number. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. All the boxing lovers out there. Oh, yeah, you're wrong. Neil, it's a great sport. It's monol monol baby. It's what I'm not a sport. It's barbaric crap. That should have been banned a long ago. And even Howard Coast cell, who made his name in sports casting through boxing. When he finally got out of it, said, God, it's got to be banned. Let's bring the Gladiators back. Yeah. You can point your dog checks. But you see a lot of people learn your swing clubs. You ever seen one or wasn't Gladiator? 560, 50560, pound 560. On the AT&T line, out of town line, that is the door now. Let's separate that guy from Sunnyvale, California. That's sticking his nose in our business that I wish he'd stick with on stuff. 877-785-6345. 877-785 Neil, any aisle. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey there. I just wanted to give you a heads up on how we're going to do that stadium. Yeah, I'm listening. What they're going to do is the school's earned 30 to do the same thing as they didn't camp. The school's earned bad shape, the fire department, the police department. So then somebody will throw on, you're going to vote for better schools, more money for the schools and the fire department. Also on the same thing. Where's the money? Where's the money from the, for the schools and the fire department going to come from? What they're going to do is they're going to jack it up on motel taxes or something. That I guarantee they're going to get it. They're going to piggyback out. No, they're not going to get it. Well, I hope you can do something about it. Let me say it again. Just like people kept telling me that we're going to get the penny sales tax. Did it was, was it closed? No. It's going to be the same thing. What does it'll be on the ballot? Next November and it's not going to even be closed. I just wanted to give you a heads up on that warning. Okay, thanks, Ralph. When you say give somebody a heads up, that means you know something. Does this man know something? No. No. He just gave me a glittering generalities because they did this over. And tap up and because what's his name? He's got a year over there. Yeah. He's not going to happen. The people are going to say overwhelmingly. Oh, trust me. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 7. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 7. 6. 6. 6. 10. 7. 5. 6. 7. 7. 7. I wish I could get along from my homer, from my homer. Big one daddy stick it in my hand. I gave you a homer and it all began. We had the biggest one that I ever did see. It felt the floor when you tried to see. When you unzipped, I can't help but warmth. But it's no thing that you just had the flawning. You've wet my wish and it's that big thing, baby. I've definitely done my throat minutes, but I was pretty crazy. Now I think about you when it's mixed, you said you went away and never came back. I gave you a homer and you went back home. But now I told you I'm with a size of your home. I felt even love when we gave me a beat. Now I'm a little bit different, like Alex. Hey, Kee-Kee-Kee-Kee-Kee. When I'm in two, I need a two or six. It really doesn't matter the size of your stick. New kids on the block really has more time needs to have no time. I asked this to fly when the chasteth fly for the homer for a homer. John Henry and the bird are the same person we just checked it out. It's 1114 at 560WQ and 56750560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line and at line 9, it's a waste of time. Take too much time to give that number up. Any more waste of time. Thank you. Here's a mobile on Marco Island. Hello. New. Yes, sir. I do have a life. I go out of Miami after about 30 years. I call you about once a month because I enjoy your ride. Much more than that crazy, the fake crew will call. I'm the fake crew in the morning or sick. But I got to say, I think you have balls. And I'd like to put you up as number one ball. I'm not looking for a suction. I mean, that's not about saying. I'm looking for a lot of other people. Sir. Sir. I'm looking for big community. See what I'm saying? Like I told you, most people are call radio talk shows. I only want to do this. Yeah. I mean, you know, we are looking for calls on these shows all the time. Believe me, every year, kids more and more difficult. Because for one thing, most people don't have anything to say. But not that you have to stop, right? And that's what most people are called. Not just this station, but all talks stations. That's probably the number one problem with talks station is chronic. And they call because they want to appreciate them. So people are want to suck around. Oh, yes, sir. So wonderful talking to you. Oh, yes. We love you and a horse that was named after you too. I mean, at this morning, all these people, oh, it's such an honor to speak you, Mr. Henry. If you could see this guy, would you call him Mr. Oh, hey, Schlupor, what are you doing over here? Who let you in here? Which is why I asked to bring that big entourage of all his succalents. He's a supplicant along with him to make it look like a big shot. Because if he's up here alone, he looks like, you know, by the way, they got a, they got a pale and a mop over there, John, which you could have used by the way this morning. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Mobile and sunrise, hello. A little deal. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing, man? Okay. I just, I'm just doing it a little bit. I go one of your colors. Somebody called you a devil worshiper. Uh-huh. Well, you're not going to be rooting against the penguins, and I don't already. No, it's a matter of fact, I will be rooting for the penguins. Okay. Yeah, I just saw it replay last time where Brassel broke Sonic Prozone. Yeah, four games of Spanson and believe me, deserves that, and then some, what I was shot that was. You can call me. Is that a catch-wing? Doesn't make any difference. You got to have control of your stuff. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. After four years, sick iron, yeah. I just thought I didn't think he did it in Spanson. I thought maybe it should have been maybe a couple games. But you know, something with wither without the panic, probably still won last night, but nothing nice. Right. Back in there still, you can ask. Just like they survived nine games without my attend, Sunday, will be all right. Yeah. All right. So, you know, which we also be the penguins in that game too, where am I, my regular, yeah, yeah, yeah, I know. I was crying without the panic for a while. That's right. Yeah. For the next break, Neil, totally shameless request. Yeah. The Fairfax Avenue. Okay. Thank you, Jerry. Have a great day. I don't think so. 560, pound, five 60 on the AT&T, Ronald Slime. We got 7200 Oprah Lions here, baby. We are close to getting some of the music highlights. Our minds lights concert. We have any comments. We decided to one guy that I give it to you. It's too much to concert. No. Here's sunrise, hello. Neil. Yes. Hi, buddy. I just want to tell you. I want to call you. I called you last year. I'm a Pearl Harbor baby. Just wondering if I can get a plug in for that? Yeah. No, happy birthday, jingle. Not with a voice like that. Buddy. No. The answer is, no. No. Maybe you want to audition for the morning show. You fit in there like a rubber glove man. You stick it right in there. Back home, the finger that is. 560, pound, five 60 on the AT&T line, 877, 785, 6345. You know something I'm getting to wonder. Because you know, you look at the research and I'm showing less and less. There is no connection between the show and the morning show. I think we have some crossover with Hank. But I think the morning show, I don't think there is any crossover. I just wear spinning my wheels wasting my time. I'm at the there is a 1% of this audience that heard John Henry on the station. There is one much less good care about him. Or who listen to the morning show? That would be an interesting thing to find out is what where our audience listens to the morning. Because I don't think it's the worst team. I could be wrong. I don't think so. See, I get sucked into making a bad mistake like there's some continuity. You know, like people are listening to the radio station. They're not listening to the radio station. They're listening to the individual shows. And believe me, the sports nerds want no part of this show. And thank God for that because the feeling is mutual. Here's my me spring, hello. And up for the fucking. Yeah. Thank you Mr. Rogers for accepting my call. Thank you for making your call sir. Exactly. And that's Mr. Rogers. Mr. Rogers. You're next brother, suit. Exactly. What a pathetic piece of journalism this morning. Oh yeah, journalism. That was real journalism. Yeah. That couldn't be called journalism. That means. That's not journalism. Yeah. All one side in my trying. I called in. Every time they get somebody in the studio with them, they have to protect them. They have to cover up. Protect them from the colors. And they didn't even have Christina Moore in there or a Dave O'Brien today to go to the screen to call for him. Exactly. Well, when I called in, I had to ask the question. And I was told my call was to my question was to confrontational. Are you serious? Yes, sir. Your question was to confrontational. Exactly. Oh, my God. What a bunch of pussy. Plus a pussy. Plus a pussy. Three. And he's in the morning. That's the new name of our morning show. Yes, sir. Wow. I wanted to as John Harry about this. If it doesn't go through. And he said on the building of the stadium. Why not update the stadium down in hostess. Janky Stadium. Bobby Maduro. Yeah. We got an old stadium. It's not that you have to suck. Before I don't be confrontational man. When I was too confrontational. Wow. Changing the subject a bit. I was channel surfing some morning and get a swiss off pedaling. Bible videos. Pat Boone. No. Charlotton Hessson. Exactly. Was it really? Yes, sir. Charlotton Hessson was pedaling Bible videos. Exactly. He was to give us some credence. Because in his own words. I can't remember where he actually said. But he feels close. So that most two Moses. Well, you, of course. Could he play those guys? That's incredible. That's really incredible. Oh, well, we don't get Bella LaGose to use to walk around with the vampire cape on too. So go to show you. That's true. Hey George happy. Belated birthday. All right. Later. See you. What do you say, Capon? 560, 505. All right. All right. Let's say, lady and Naples. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yeah. For Naples. I tried to call before because you never get through. Oh, yeah. Right. He lines are smoldering. Yeah. Love you. Love you. And hockey rules. Yeah. So the Panthers are pretty good. I went to a single game. I've never in my life seen when they had to put up on the overhead. Make noise and sort of fans to cheer. Oh, yeah. They do that a lot of places. No. I'm a raise. Yes, ma'am. Well, not in New York as they know what the game is all about. I think you're about over 100 years. But no, they do that in many of these new plastic buildings and lot of these expansion cities. And in fact, no. It's funny. You mentioned that because Saturday night, I'm sitting there, you know, mindy my own business. Well, there's a stoppages in play. And all of a sudden, I heard the crowd roll and nothing. I'm thinking, I'm looking around like they're the fight break out or just something going on. And then I look up on that scoreboard. Let's get loud. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think tonight is the Panthers. Not the Panthers. I would equal a penguins. So covalent and yogurt would be. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Have a great day, sweetheart. Covalent and jigger ought to be doing something. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pot. It's unbelievable. It's amazing. It's astonishing. And like I said, there's so many nice people that I mean that are even most of them very nice to me and they love this show and they listen and they chat their words. They never call a show. Probably because they're too embarrassed to show that they know nothing about the sport. But I mean, it's just you can't complain about the knowledge in that or because there is many. How many years do you have to have a franchise before somebody finally says, oh, I guess what? I know what that's. I know who that is. That's Chris Wilson and the stands again is here. He's only 48 now. But they just want to let him know because it would be too embarrassing that have to admit to a mistake. And being a bunch of hard asses, they don't make mistakes. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. Long time listener first time caller. All right. Different subject. Public supermarkets. Standing in the line with a quite a bit of low to groceries and three or four people behind me, over with carts in the lady in front of me. After she gets everything checked out, she tells the way the checkout girl I need some cigarettes. Now the checkout girl has to leave the cash register. Walk over, stand in line, wait for the girls that are busy to give her a package of cigarettes. Bring it back and give it to the lady in front of me. My question is, my question is, to the manager, I said, why can't I get a ticket? I said, why can't they go over and get their own damn cigarettes instead of holding up everybody in this line? You know, he said it's a convenience to the customer. I said, how about the inconvenience to the four people with loaded carts behind the customer? Didn't have an answer for that. So that's my right. You have any comments? No. Okay. Thank you very much. Okay. Do you have any comments, George? No. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. I'm a little bit more. There was no obvious motive for the attacks. School officials and it classually incentive us to do so. School shootings are virtually on a herd of in the Netherlands. We're gun control is strict and weapons are available only on the black market. On the black market. How do you like that? Well that's great. We got McDonald's over there and Burger King and Pete Sun. Maybe they can catch up to us with the guns. That'll be good. 560560, 560, on the AT&T line. The out of town line today is really desperate. I mean desperate. 877, 785, 6345, 877, 775, Neil. With the K. Here's the mobile and four-larve bill. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, it's all thanks for me. Speaking. Oh hi. Hey, let's be two weeks before the lease comes the town. Yeah. I got a couple things. Tie don't eat and feel it wore out. Last time they came down the town. Well what does that mean? You have a couple things. Tie don't eat and feel it wore out. I don't want that much to get desperate. There's it. Yeah. Alright. There's a great hockey call boy. You want to talk about Sergey Burr? Okay. Click. That was pretty good comments. I appreciate that. Go leave school. 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless life and that world famous line man. That line 9. Can that line be working or what? That's here. Yeah, it's working. 877, 785, 6345. They won't even tell us what they listen to in the morning on this, but they listen to the worst team or not. Maybe they're just too embarrassed. So they're my mother. Ladies and gentlemen, my name's Louis Bagel and this is March the number five. We're going to get you out of there. We're going to get you out of there. One, two, three, four, five everybody likes to eat corn, beef, arm, and a. Yeah, they like my vehicles into post, but I very have only had my cheeses really. Not kosher. I love some to build our fish. Our good fish didn't like my fish. Yamagas, Flanana, Casca and Matta. I eat cep-lock, it's kind of like pasta. White fish, handling, but we so forth like so big. You got to use a knife and fork. My own mind. It's also limited, but hey, the life is so poor. You can't really lump in 100 gun. Let's say nine. Some they'll be the petrol and it's all right. Suddenly big, some ins, but I have. I'm open to my angios like my day. This is what I'm doing. I'm doing it like a baby. It's some shit. My mother's name is Anthony, my dad is Stan. I like to go and see Bob, let's lie, man. Oh yeah. I'm a pretty one at five, six feet of any two land. Four hundred and twenty-two lines waiting for him. It won't even call until it's what they listen to in a morning. This crowd. Is that a difficult question? I'm sorry. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. It's just astonishing to me. You know, it's about 10, 11 years ago when I gave up doing a guest in the topics. I realized at that time that what I was doing was pass a thank God for me. Nice going Neil. Oh God. You're welcome. Way ahead of all the others. I said this ain't going to fly. We better start doing something. It's a lot more entertaining. And now we see this trend that came out the other day. We're all of the talk stations. All of the show even the Howard lived on a point and a half. Everybody went into the, you know, a rapper. Now you can assume it's a bad sample. It was a bad mud arbitrarms. They missed that or maybe maybe it's time to like play Hungarian in the circus now. Because I got news for it. It makes no difference what it is. Unless of course it's given away freebies. And yesterday was living proof for that. Two and a half hours solid. Maybe for like what do we have? Maybe two seconds. We had an open line once a while. They're in that two and a half hour period yesterday until the next one could be in there. Next no difference what it is. They are as mom. No. It's just it's pass. It says that's out of unless of course it's calling it in. Sucking around with famous people like Mr Henry. Well, I'd missed there John Henry. Thank you so much for taking my call and thank you for. Thank you for screening my call and not letting me say what's really on my mind. And having to be very creative to try to get across the point that maybe this is in disagreement. So you guys that at morning show you should be ashamed of yourselves. A shame. That's just because of those mediocre numbers. But I mean, oh my god. If you want to make it exciting. I mean, Jeremy Shatby, I'll for about two minutes. He's funny that guy. But let's get serious. How about some meat? How about having the balls to say something to somebody? Anybody can talk to you on somebody else's back. That doesn't take any talent. But when you have somebody on here, confront the guy. These are the same three guys. By the way, we heard any support from any one of the three for a public, publicly funded stadium all these lives. No. No. Not even a hint of it. But now they get the man on there with his entourage. All of a sudden, oh yeah, would you do it a good job? Take it a call. Or do it a good job. Default. I'm telling you, man, if you look up suckhold in the dictionary, your pussy's written all across it. Here's the champion's suckhold. There's nobody even close. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Any idea? I do it. Okay, sir. You're always wanted to have lunch with you and me too, but I guess I'll go that in now. Yeah. Okay, thanks. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T line. You know what? Hell freezes over. That's where we'll have lunch. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, Neil, I love you. I don't call you all the time. I don't want to become what you called chronic. I'm trying to get up, but whatever. I got any questions. I don't have any chronic lately. We don't have any chronic lately. Let me tell you something every time. It's a big battle. You're the phones that don't work or when they do work. Nobody's going to be saying this. I know. I know. I hear you. I wouldn't be working. But when they work, you'll get jerks like the one, but in any case. Talking about that's true on. Let me tell you something. Talking about what? That's true on that lady, the words over there in the office. We were talking about screw-in. Let me tell you something. That bitch. I think you should get in something. Okay, 560, 050, 50, 50, 50 on the AT. Were we talking about screw-in? No. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Fort Myers. Okay, they're gone. Here's a mobile-in Fort Latterdale, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to call on a lichner that I called in the first team. And I want to give John Henry a little of what I had about him. And I got screwed off when they hang up on me. He has me, what I want to talk about. And I said, I want to ask John Henry a few. Let's back in. But anyway, I know that he's squeezed. Okay, great. See what I mean? And this guy, you're not funny anymore, pal. You're boring, you're terminal. You're sad. You're beyond chronic. You're weak. Even if you do look pretty good. You're weak. You're out. You're off. You're dead meat. This is sad. We have reached a major crisis on this program. We reached a crisis of confidence. On a part of yours, truly. Seriously, I mean, what is the point? What's the use? If you listen for the last 25 or 30 minutes, the music can be as much more peaceful and much more entertaining. This guy with his foot, that's all he knows. This guy. We have a fight back and that's a medley of his line. Now, every call revolves around that. He's obviously obsessed with breakfast, either his own or somebody else's or both. That's what we got out there in a magic city. When you come on here and you try to have some balls and when you try to give people an opportunity to say something and not screen a call, that's what you get. Maybe they ought to get rewarded for screening the calls in a morning. So this asshole, I just called, he didn't get on. You know what I'm saying? Maybe they're doing the right thing and we're doing the wrong thing. Maybe we're going to start doing heavy duty screening. Of course, if that were the case, we wouldn't have any calls. Because we don't have an endless supply of the same hundred sports nerds that call on everyone. We're going to start your own everyday over and over again, all of whom are known by name. I mean, this is really special today. This is fantastic. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Who's twisting it? Hello? Okay. Twist away. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Okay. You wanted to know what we listened to in the morning? Yes. I hope you don't follow up your chair, but I got to be honest. I listened to the well, Paul Castro noodle. Yeah. So why we're going to follow up on chair? Well, I know you know what a big fan of his. But I mean, the point is the point is, man, the question is, what the you listen to? Not whom I have been saying. I listen to CDs in the morning and you know something. If I would have been smart this morning, I would have been listening to them and I'm not talking about John Henry. Yeah. Why would you have those guys on the first place? They are Wyoming's the worst. And let me ask the note. The Hank likes his chair as every day. I mean, he must bring him like millions of listeners. Because I listen to the I listen to Zeta, kind of clocked, Zing, change it over to you. Yeah. So that that music comes on for Hank. I listen for maybe five minutes, maybe. Yeah. It's the same clock, man. He's so fat. He's so fat. You're too fat, Hank. I'm just right. But Hank is too fat. How do you like that? If you fat, Hank, I'll be your last to my buddy. But one way to go fat. So we want this guy to listen. You're going to have to lose some weight because you're too fat for the radio. I mean, that's just amazing. He's so fat. Never that sound like Carly Simon. You are so fat. Oh, God. You know, I listen to you people and I listen to the thing that come out of your mouth. And I sit here and I go, eee. Oh, thank God for that big check twice a month. Thank God for because there's got to be some reward to doing this. There has to be something that makes it enjoyable. Worthwhile, it's like a payoff. Talking to these mouth readers day after day after day for 150 years. If you don't like Hank, show if it wasn't the question. Okay. I wasn't offering you off an opportunity to rip a Hank Goldberg ready. But he else or tell us who's too fat and who's just right. Thank God, Castro, over the licensed slim. 21 till noon at 5.60 W to Q AM when you were saying, hey, who were out the moon, man? Listen to the driving your brand new car. You pull up to a stoplight. Look closely and see the most beautiful woman in the world. But instead of ignoring you, like most women too, she winks. So you reach down between your legs, unbuckle your belt, unz if you're fly. And hang your big hairy ass out the window. Because you know there will be others. And you just want to flood it. It must be the new car. We just love saying that. 24. What is it? 144 already gone? I'll might have this run by fast. 16 till noon at 5.60 W to Q AM. See, they got a call. Finally, I thought I had something going to respond to my question there. Just to see if we have any crossover with the morning show. And he's got to make a big song in the dance about, oh, Hank is too fat and this one sucks and how come I was listening. Really pathetic. These people must all be from New York. You know what I'm saying? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Pompano, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I'm still a snowbird from Detroit, Michigan. Yes. But every child I come here, I look for you. I wish we had somebody like you. I guess you heard about the Tunis Stadium where I haven't built across from the Fox Theatre. And I just wish it was the second time I've ever called, but I always listen. So that's about all I can say to an nervous talking. I understand. See how to my friend Dick. Okay. See you. Bye. 560, 0560. We have an open line on the out of town line, 877, 785, Neil, 877, 775, 6345. Here's my any, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. When I laid out for you with Kona on this town. We have Joe Rose doing a show with Jimmy Johnson. We're back here doing a show with Jimmy Johnson. I mean, you know, we must be very interesting from what we did. We did, and it really didrealize, we're not criticized for not criticized. Anything that theyIf they're attached to, you think for that in more Couple weeks ago when they newer off that game, they did, to Buffalo. We can't talk about Buffalo. Jimmy says we can't talk about Buffalo. they're dictating what we can ask, what not, not weed, what you guys can ask them, what you guys can talk about. Yeah. But he doesn't want to talk about that for the Danny Storms out of a press conference and they dictate that does it every week and you order it to every thing there's a lot. They lose. They storm out, they don't want to talk to the press and they dictate to the press. What they want to talk about. Now, I'm a memory marine. I was absolutely right to walk out. The questions that were asking him were ridiculous and by the way, do Spad Rogers was the one that asked the most ridiculous question and that's when Danny finally got fed up and walked out and then they come on here yesterday morning. I didn't hear it, but I heard about it. Spad Report's talking about what a great sports guy, a douchebag Rogers is in channel 7. He's at total zero. He's a jerk. Oh, with douchebag Rogers, who's bad Rogers? Yeah, he was the one that put Danny over the edge. I can see me over the edge, but he couldn't be over the edge just watching. You know, you're absolutely right. Nobody has the boss to act the right. But these guys are supposed to be investigated every quarter. I can't even. You know, something nobody in this town cares about that. That's the problem. Just like that Brian Murray show. I mean, the people in this audience didn't care. All they wanted to do was call up and suck around whoever they're talking to. They don't give a crap. Well, it's like I said, it's a pattern. They're dictating us where we can ask. You did the car was not the radio talk show. When you call him, they asked you for your phone. They call you back. See who you are. I mean, you guys, yeah. If you want to call every time I ask, I've got a couple of tons. Both times that I'd go to discuss serious, you know, things that are going on. Yeah. They get what you're phone number. What do you want to talk about? What are you going to ask? What do you phone number? They, yeah, they asked. They've been on a date or something. What's that all about? And they call you back. You know, they put you on road and they call you back just to verify it. That's not serious. When you call it, yeah, they scream. They ask you for your phone number and they call you back. Yes, sir. No, come on. I'm not sure. That's George is not in yes, but I'm finding yes. That's very difficult. I have clearance and Jason and all those jerks he's got working for him. Oh, my God. Wow. Okay. That's how that we got, Neil. I feel better. Keep up the good work, sir. Just take them as they come. Okay. And I realize that maybe that makes for like a lot more wackos out there and it really does. At least it's not as boring as something that's contrived in addition to which let me ask you this. If there's that concert about screening calls, how come somebody these gamblers get on with those boring calls? What's your take on that? Ish rubbing if saladied game tonight? Huh? How come those calls always seem to get on here to look for it? Oh, that's right. I forgot. I'm sorry. Ha ha ha ha. What's your take on that? And by the way, you notice all the responses about the boxing thing about this guy dying? Nobody cares. Let's not tell you that. You don't understand. We don't have time to care. Let's remember Adam's be on say. We don't have time to care about those things. Double-ter. Okay. Okay. That's story. Shot can it. There you go. Well, I just wanted to say just checking maybe one of these days I'll find something that somebody does care about again. I doubt it. I think those days are gone. Here's a mobile info. A lot of deal. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I wanted to people they went and let on because I wanted to ask why we couldn't use the money for new schools. Boy, I was in the company that there's an epidemic of people calling this show now who couldn't get on that show this morning because they were screening out the people that had tough questions. Yeah, exactly. What kind of a show is that? This is a fraud handle. This is in a disgrace. It's a contrived show. Oh, God. I want to shameless for questioning all kids. Do you do like 30 seconds of the laugh tracks for Steve Spurrier and the Gators and they're lost a family? I'm not afraid. I don't care about the Gators. I don't care about Steve Spurrier and I'm not going to get sucked into that crap. Let me let that to be full. Okay. And his restaurant days. 560. 560. 560 on the AT&T line. 877. 785. 560. 465. On our America's line. Is America concerned about these things? No. Here's a lady in 4 Laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. How are you? I called yesterday a sucker for tickets. Even though I didn't get them. I won the thank you for the opportunity. And I ended up getting tickets. There were three different sections. My daughter and her friends. Pretty close together. I was way up in 316. But the concert was great. Was it? It was absolutely wonderful. Why do I really should have gone? I was going to have a great time. I was going to have a great time. I was going to have a great time. So, you're a peer-sting scream. I had to listen to the concert with my finger in my ear because it was a little girl shrieking. I can't handle it. I go to hear the music. They were still screaming. After the concert was over walking out. But I sat next to a lady in her two girls. I think we had more fun than they did. We were dancing and screaming in yellow. And we just had a great time. Great. It was wonderful. My daughter was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. And she was walking around on air. How was it? Did you know how The Four Guys laughed? Then went to Lincha, then went to Parboega, then Ha motive was for started. That had to be a guard. Then hit down the ball and hit down the ball right straight. And I transpired. The other half. And I had to scold her. SCIENCE AND DIK bomber, Jane to get inside. And at the moment we zero. Why do I turn around responsibly. And she stole my arms. That felt too bad. So this is almost ok. That masala all crazy about me. It ain't supposed to catch you now again. And also this is an Instagramerem. And they are watching my show. It's all interested getting my line up. you uh... since the border was on and the first time on very good news to give you a call that was no bird that was john Henryman that's a person that's right i took my daughter to the concert you should have gone i mean uh... the screening was outrageous but uh... the special effects that the beginning uh... they came to a night on scoopboards uh... wires under back to stuff it was really excellent yeah you should have gone you could have gone but i did not have to add a good time to track with money last night you know all right all the way to the everything there is so like that's it right yeah but i thought to print for them a soda cost me twenty six dollars there you go man i mean Jesus that's all that's the best recommendation i forgot to mention that for the concerts this weekend that's always a recommendation eat a good nice meal before you go there oh yeah yeah and i'm gonna find a teacher to some other making out the area i mean it's uh... it was outrageous but uh... i thought i like to so i was the important part okay glad you had a good time proud i'm getting back to the point by reports that everybody loved it or good time was head by all it said that the guys were floating on air with her without the wires five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two i why should feel bad about giving those tickets away after all the work that uh... uh... what's his name and i can't carry one i don't feel bad he didn't feel bad he doesn't care long as i keep saying things about on a squeaking her large your supple brush that her big ass he doesn't care makes him look more much a wallet time here's why stint hello any light or a good sir and he has far as the cross over goes you get more cross over from fill show and his take yeah and i'm out of climate call last month of the car in the okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two i what he said like that seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five on the tall three line for the entire universe that's the one that's sitting there right now that is a door nail i had a fight i mean not that you care but i'd sound a bit for me to say it though because it's true fight in scream in yell and push and pull and squeeze to get them to put even just for the people over there in a west coast and it was an ovally for a little while like a play toy like you know whoo hoops cabbage patch dolls pokemon all of a crap that's popular for about by ricky martyno somebody's new play toy for about five minutes and then it got like real boring uh... yeah we had a lot of calm plus of course i'm talking about stuff that it has to do with the morning show that they don't hear any place else beside here they have their own morning show over there in four miles and i'm sure that in pombies county is ain't by listening to the worst even pombies no no no they haven't tough enough time in dating broder if you look in those numbers forget about pombies what's on in the morning in pombies by the way is there anybody uh... how are these how are not a morning or that's our bob in time now you'd like a why would anybody listen here's a mobile an avid chair hello meal yes sir uh... i was at the castle last night too one of those few days with all of those screaming girls all of that right that a good time for the average age there about 14-15 more like twelve really and it was really high pitched when they sang along it was uh... like a girl choir oh god that would have killed a family like i said i'm so glad i didn't go listen in the morning i my 15 minute drive to work i either listen to howard or the first scene or cd's that they both have their commercials run right and they run ten minutes commercial so usually that 15 minutes i might be lucky to hear five minutes of the show that's about it okay take it easy at the great time see all the people at work the concert there last night now they're coming out of the world they had a back to the boys were great in spite of what George says which we don't really care about your organization is taken music as we know his taste is in his record well so we don't care about that nobody's perfect five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty all a mobile informa is all big god damn hello how you doing pretty good sir listen howard in the morning and the back sheet boys are a bunch of fledged back in fact okay great four miles okay get your finger out of your nose a resident of uh... send difference what if you do he sticks it in his back door first and then is no make sure he gets the full aroma the full bouquet five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty one last line one eight seven seven seven eight five cm occupant post that line over there what do i why do we care what you listen to the morning and four miles anyway is the worst he might over there or were we talking about jack ball mister macho four minutes till noon at five sixty w two way me you oh you are there are you can't your nose apart you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't whaaa so you me you you don't you I lost a woman test with a long round She was wearing a terrible crown I walked wide out of that flame With a safe smile on my face I lost a heart Just lost a heart Two wings is wide and far Yes Flash one soul But don't go back As a face And the door gets a sight If you're in church when you do You'll have to stay in your view Lady Mammony Poppett Can you ask for something I want to know Who's got their cheese? You know, speaking of the sports nerds, I've just won Because we already know we've discussed it many times On this program since we talk about real life, not fantasy That's smelling your own efforts and a hot steamy shower One of the most truly phenomenal pleasures But I wonder those jokes, you know, after the game Shower that they take together In those steamy showers, you haven't talked about that I wonder if they share each other's aromas You don't know Especially after a big win, you don't want to say Oh yeah, that was really great, Danny Just something to think about 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Lines Research for a new format For WQAM Yeah, I think it's time We had a real good one on this station for a couple of years I have no idea how But I think it's time that we find a new format The way to look maybe bring some guest back Maybe bring the bird back Or we could just have John Henry be the sidekick And if you know in any kind of stadium, stadium, they'd be a stadium You know, just do that in lieu of pay, maybe Here's Hialia, hello Neil Yes sir, how you doing today? Okay, I have to read a little topic I wanted to discuss Three other ones, okay? The first one's very interesting I noticed that the Dallas stars have a goal By the last thing was Fernandez I speak, you guys Yeah, well everyone, we're even at the hockey Right, okay The second one had to worry about any Julio Is it the Macaroon the brain of the night? No, it's funny because it just could get up It sticks out like a sore throat You can't hear what a search party I've once in a great while, like about once It'd be 10th game, I think there's about six Julio They come to the Macaroon the C-hockey game, other than that I'll just forget it You know, it's funny because my neighbors are from across the street Oh, Julio, so they got to even tick it Yeah They grab all the way from Canberra to the Macaroon Can I just probably go scalping them on a way? They might be, okay, I don't number two, okay? In the morning, okay, I listened to about five minutes of the first team Which is all I can handle, listen to that here Joe Rose Let me tell you a story, okay? And finally, I met the UM team three weeks ago And I'm born because you went before the game And we got the beer going and I had some behind me A here point saying, excuse me sir Can I come up here from you? I can't hear what's... Yes, yeah Yes, Gilbert Gilbert I'm coming there Coming beer and coming food from the tailgators On the at the orange pole at the University of Miami It's dark that I was so good Can you believe that? Yes, I do believe it Okay, well, we're closing the deal And by the way, the good news is he showed up at our thing Now that the specs in the gables Yeah, and he was there for like 30 seconds at the Disappeared he prepared his money bought his thing And he got there a lot of nice going, Gilbert You know, but it occurred to me that You'll be a stupid should be the last person that should be consuming alcoholic beverages He drives you now Yeah, he does drive and how do you think he got that way by the way? Never great day, Miguel See ya I'll read the dirty UM plaid shot in the groin during hazing And one of the weirder fraternity episodes Ever reported at the University of Michigan, not you of him here 19 year old pledge from the circle shot in the groin Were they bebe gun early Monday? According to Ann Arbor police Fraternity officials said the victim is scheduled for surgery today All right That damn thing is beaten back there Probably out of paper again got damn it I hate when it happens Ann Arbor police sergeant Greg O'Dell said the shooter The 19 year old member of the alpha epsilon pie fraternity Pulled off to the zoo He didn't think the gun was loaded Fraternity original line I didn't think the gun was loaded Oh God damn it He said he'd been firing the air power gun at the groins of several touches to scare them Oh yeah The bebe gun was extremely powerful and the shooter was about two inches away from the victim's groin when he shot Anyone thought it was a joke until they saw the blood Wow Oh and the better here comes the best part The bebe struck the victim's penis Frantic fraternity members called police saying he'd been struck in the hand Other members took the victim to hospital where he was in good condition on Monday and his penis is also in good condition Thank God How do you like that? Maybe that's what happened to the guys in the morning show Maybe that's where they got those bebees from 560 That's a true story by the way from me she again All right, I don't know how to do it up there man The gang that could shoot straight Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale Hello Hey you? Yes ma'am I think it was great We had such a great time And I'm more and more convinced that I really should have been there We just wasn't complete without me being there I know I had extra ticket to I said it to give it to you But man, if I have never really get time it was really nice to see all the little girls Get so excited and they have these crushes over these boys Right I know it was so cute and it was so nice And anybody who doesn't believe that girls are just as sexual as boys I've never seen a reaction to girls at the concerts What all these different boy groups man I just go eight shots Yeah, my ears were ringing Right You know but it was a good time You should have really been there Okay, thank you. Had a good time Bye Thanks. We're going to have everybody who was there last night's going to call in today Which might not be too exciting but it's your better than night Have you been budged pocket? You know I'm convinced now that that guy is a moron I realize I'm a little slow and of course if he would have been real ugly I would have assumed that right in the beginning But you know how I am a sucker for a pretty face Superficial Yes, that's right I don't need to know names and history Like you ethnic background I don't care about that if they look good Bring them on. I don't care about them 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line When you stop beating back there God damn it I'll go fetch some paper here Yeah go get some paper and stick it in there Please just to shut that thing up I'm whatever happened to our friend What's his name? The Atlanta Braves kid that was the desperately looking for a job It was going to bring us another fax machine to try out What ever happened with that Huh? Haven't seen him again do we see him? No, it's like everything else with business in this time Man, here today going to our vitality speaking of business Gary Sarner, he's an asshole Yeah Gary, you and John Henry seem to have one thing in common He's got a lot more money than you do Gary, I'm sure that but one thing you haven't come and you guys You don't understand the word no Very simple, two letter word and so many different languages Italian, it is funny or living lays No, no Means a negative Sorry, as the opposite of There's no I get a call yesterday from a guy that Gary Sarner has been trying to pawn off on me That I wasted a whole day of my life a week ago Monday We can go yesterday I just briefly mentioned which I haven't mentioned the name of their business on the year Yet but I'm getting real close The answer Gary is still I did not tell you very specifically Gary Sarner I don't want to be bothered at home or any place else But these people did not tell you that Yeah Here's a mobile and west-combe, Chilla Mobile and west-com I love these people, I just love them Here's a mobile and maple, Chilla Neil Yes sir Are you doing? Okay Just for the record over here, Bob and Tom rocks in the morning Right And That was about Bob and anybody in the right mind, listen to the worst thing when I hear Bob and Tom Yeah Got a good point Neil Got the CD for Senator one It's great We appreciate it Okay, thanks Take care Okay 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line 877, 565, 6345, 4500 open lines No waiting Here's a pepper pie Hello Hey Neil, I'm your student Okay I'm your question, I was in the hiring of morning Yeah Definitely the best show on the air right now Uh-huh I came to you about 10, 10, 30 Yeah I was in the worst team, hit more Monday because it's the Dolphin games, you know, hear about that Other than that, I mean after the Dolphin is over I mean, what they talk about all day long Okay, thanks 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Here's a mobile in the homestead Hello Mobile in homestead Oh, are they fast today? Are they on the, are they? Yeah Mobile in homestead Going 1 560, 560, 560, 560 On the AT&T line Here's candle, hello candle Blue deal Yes sir Sir, are you close to where the phone is I mean, is the phone like in the same room with you? Hi, I'm there Here you go, yeah Here's the story The day after things moving The Friday I think there are vacation The three games to show a sports channel They should be melumbly With half a turkey Yeah Did you hear about this? No You said you're going to go get it to a neighbor Who's kind of tight, he butted So they walked over to the neighbor's house What's hilarious? You need to go watch? Yeah, remember, okay, great So 11-pass known as 560 WQM Travelling the Hesophere Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blueockery Blue Blue Greed theniers! You andon, high you Like this You get my bowl, Joe, long and strong. You care as they're running to Tokyo so very good smell. You found things you want? You just beat them up. The time is up, bitch, we die. You don't have it, you look bad. You got to take me, though, Jesus, I have it. Joe. Eee! Pop's 175-60, WKM, we got a hike in cool city. We got booster in the studio. Six to seven, we got the Herkorn basketball with North Carolina, some dark, some girls team from North Carolina, seven o'clock. 5-6705-60, by the way, Ray Kerruth, Carolina Panthers wide receiver posted a $3 million bond. Monday night, nearly 12 days after he was arrested and charged as he put him to kill his pregnant girlfriend. The Panthers said the release of Karuuth who was arrested in November 25 would not make him eligible to rejoin the team. Oh my God, unusual, huh? Amazing. Scumbags and the assholes who worship scumbags. That's going to be the book I'm going to write. Put that person constant, it's a place. 5-6705-60, pound-5-60 on the AT&T line, 877-785-6345. Here's Hollywood, hello. What's going on there, Neil? Not much, pal. Hey, the worst teams, that's exactly what they are. I'd rather flip my nuts than listen to them. Yeah, they're horrible. I'll listen to Howard and switch it over to Rick and Sus. And then when you come on, I too. Okay. All right, have a good one. Thanks. How are you getting the definitive, you know, somebody's people are in denial. They're just saying it to suck up to me, but they're still listening to what they're going to say. Well, Monday morning, I listen to a hair-bought to dolphin game. Well, what is there to hair-bought? I mean, if you saw the game, what is the point? Why do you need here somebody to talk about it? Let me know if you have enough common sense to see for yourself what happened. Why do you need to hear somebody analyze it and suck up? 5-6705-60, pound-5-60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile-in-home state, hello. Very new. Yes, sir. Good one. Not much. What do you think about the idea of shipping the whole population and Cuba to Florida? Sipping the whole population of humans to back to Cuba, is that what you said? I should be going to Florida. Make this a Northern Cuba. Yeah. Are you in other words, we are already. Is that what you're saying, sir? That's correct. The boundary of our broad county. Okay. Here's a mobile-in-one, Pond B, hello. Hey, here, how are you doing? Okay. Hey, I call the call back a while ago about the, the Hank Oberg show about calling. Yeah. The phone number? They do that to me too. There. That was a sort of, you know, let's see now it's back in a call or up because I was sure they did. I said to the, I just wanted to get way down. Yeah. Yeah. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound-five, sixty on the AT&T line. Eight, seven, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five. Oh, that classical music man, I can't wait to hear that again today. I never thought we'd be cracking it out this soon. Yeah. I got a sitting right here off to my left only inches away. Here's Davey, hello. No. Yes, sir. Hi. Yesterday you mentioned that you were taking Provocall to a low-ucleicero? Yes. Did you change your diet also? You just rely on that. No, I did not change my diet. In my home-o-level, by the way, is down to eight. Hello, assistant, starting at 16. And then it was 10 like two months ago and now it's down to eight. This is great, by the way. How's the brothels and the Amsterdam? How are the brothels? Yeah. They're there. Did you visit them? No. All right, Neil, thanks. Okay. Here's your guy that's writing my life story. Okay, a private call that I changed my diet and how are the brothels and Amsterdam? Did I visit them? No. Like I said before, if you want to pay for it over there, you can't. But anybody who's got to pay for it's really desperate. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. How very sad that last guy. So difficult. If somebody's lifeless, bland, man, they sound like that straight line. You don't want to talk to them about that 60 cycle tone. Like from the Sandy Payton show, with the expression never changes in the voice of, kind of like a steady hum job. Yeah. You're boring pal. You're extraordinarily unbelievably boring. And we're going to call you back and find out what your phone number is. And start posting it on T-Roole while somebody will get a little bit of action and like spice your life up a little bit, which obviously it desperately is Anita. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, you know, I agree with you so. So if you saw the football game, why do you need to listen to people talk about it the next day? Yeah, that's what I just said. I just got through saying that. I know you saw the game, you know? The why we're repeating what I just got through saying. I just got through saying that. Okay, I got one another point. Yeah. You know, you know the tree talks in Seattle. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Our poll question today is why do the Julios have no material in this town? That's our poll question. I mean, no material. None. None. Zero. I've been on here here 500 years. And the Julio's, if you've got nothing to talk about. If it isn't Fidel and that's single cramp which we're not going to talk about, no. If it isn't that, they got no material. I mean, what, what did your life consist of? All you Julios out there and this audience, what do you do? Where do you go? What do you eat? What do you think? Are you breathing a fresh air? What is life all about? Please. Please let us know. Man. I always wanted to have a little Julio paradigm. I showed it. We're just repeat back in my ear. You know, I'd call him. Yeah, right back in my ear. Same old you forget. Yeah, I forgot. What was it? Here's here's Bob and O. Hello. Hey, Dale. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to know if you, do you see that thing on the news last week about, um, you know, like we story? Well, we got all the assholes out here today, boy. They're really working feverously. Uh-huh. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, Wavosline. And coulda work pal. And coulda work. Here's a mobile in medley, hello. Yeah, Dale. Yes, sir. The Dominican holo here. All right. Uh-huh. You know, uh, I'll listen to what's been in the morning and then you're going straight to you. You listen to what? But now I was just so hairy on the way. Yes. Yes. Okay, he's gone. They can't even finish a sentence here for granted. I love it. Okay. So six inch before that. 5600. 560. 560. About 80 questions. So this is. Yeah. Because the mobile in nineteen.  southwest line. ah, I't. Yes, sir. I listen to the first team in the morning. you'll be placed in the that the be-faux also got a fat ass you got three fat asses they're for you uh... selected three stoutes right uh... and that works to a choice to a fat ass okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen and two disguised on the peace really into in the rectum heavy duty in a sense that seems to be the big thing in this town back uh... year ago here in a half ago we did that show on anal sex and got a phenomenal response that's what they're in the one this town is back home yeah here's a whole springs hello hey yes sir i i'm an alineus today and i want to be taken off my son when we take it off the list of young teenagers that like the uh... the kids the kids at last night in a kid well you know what i mean and uh... anyway what does it mean well the back three boys i was just uh... they like the couple of songs but there you know well i i told them i said listen i hang on alineus today with the honest and i tried to get the tickets for you guys and they said well did you win them i said no he said good so uh... but he said they like the songs but they're not he said they wouldn't get out of the screaming girls and stuff they said a lot of young girls like i was just like the first one yeah i got prepared to take you to go down with a bunch of girls and i probably rather go with a bunch of guys five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three medicone eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five these people are just into a hearing their delirious there's got to be something in the water i think this is the way fiddell's getting back at us over that kid here's a lady in the north of my amy hello new ranger yes man this is the first time the question first time the question first time the quest what does that mean there the beautiful song you think for me it's not the bus to delrey waiting for the bus to take me away or you may i love that song would you play what i'm singing for you all would you play the records for me i would love it it's so funny yeah i don't know i'll think about it you think about it i'll think of pull on it how's that oh please let me how many people on here it okay i have been once to hear it i want to hear i love it me hold your husband uh how old is your husband my husband is 75 and i'm 72 but i can't play it 26 past noon at five sixty wqm one another break already oh he might just their title the more she drives my door and she's deeply cold i wouldn't like what's done no way i said i knew they're leaving today so i'm just sitting on a kitchen doughman waiting for the lovely best to take me away just temperatures why's the bus when will you to ladies by pants I'm going to do the Kevin tells me this door. The time at her legs keeps us here, babe. Just give me the rest of my bones. When we're in one of my wife won't leave me alone. We've talked to over and I never will win. I just lined up, slept in through the morning game. Oh, so I zipped, I have been doing it. When you think more that lonely past it takes me away. Only one of them can sit in the room and get in the room. The book might be crying. There we are, yet. I can't time at the place you're all doing, can't escape. That's your favorite. And by the way, you're welcome. Okay, even though you are 120 years old, I'm sure you're very nice. 1232 at 5.50 WQM. Here's a fact from James and South Beach who says, I just wanted to let you know that Alpha, F.S. Alon, Pi is a Jewish fraternity. Something else for us to be proud of. Mosul, Charles says, James and South Beach. How do you like that? So, at least we know that the kid over there at UM, University of Michigan, this was circumcised. And if he wasn't before he is now, BB Brain, Rich packed through our close personal friend, Faxon and says, the smartest person I know, my 11 year old daughter is, I'd love, I can't read you writing. Whatever that says, 15, 12, whatever. Went to the backfeed boy, Shul last night, said it was great, so there's you to finish the vans, you're okay, Rich. And Rich packed her, sends me a very, very, very, I'll say this for a little later. When we have no calls in the bout ten minutes. Interesting thing about radio stations, headed for another strong advertising year, but the audience for radio has been shrinking at a strong 12% since 1990, while the number of ads in a typical hour has doubled. How do you like that? So the audience is getting smaller and smaller, but the spots are getting more and more and more and more spots. How do you like that, huh? Nobody seems to care, they say. The radio executives don't care. In fact, it says radio has had no significant programming innovations since the creation of all talk format in the 1980s. Here we are, so here are two thousand a few days, and like 24 days, three and a half weeks, the year 2020 years would know, uh, innovative anything in radio. Like I said, it's time for us to change on this show. Because this audience, man, any guy that's going to rely on a phone in this crowd. Like an act of self-immolation, whatever that means. Here's a fact speaking of having a burning desire to tell it like it is, the first team, where the vans, I don't know why this. It says that they were the victims of a stadium in for commercial for John and me. If they were victims, there were self-appointed self-inflicted victims. It says they should come on here and apologize to all listeners. These shows give them no credibility. Well, they don't care about credibility. All the curb ups get the paycheck. They obviously couldn't care less about credibility. They just want to take home that's a paycheck, and that's it. And I have to raise both eyebrows up in the year and X, X myself, the question. What's that all about? People who don't care about any credibility, even a minimal amount, even for their favorite restaurant days. Remember that place in the Fort Lauderdale restaurant tasting for now? Just stop and take. Let's make a list of all the great restaurants in South Florida that are long gone. Makes a sound real old and whistle for the old days. Like I'm with all this, the mix is but too bad. Those are the good old days. Before we had baseball or hockey, a lot of this other cockarai. We were doing pretty damn good once upon a time. I mean, we survived the British invasion, but then here's a mobile in Miami, hello. No, not a mobile. Here's stationary in Miami. I'll take a look at the deal. Okay. I mean, I want to town green show it. It's really, really, really awesome. Yes. And those days. Yeah. No, that's done, Henry. Yeah. You can go. I think it's my rear end. Yes. And what have asked you if you can play for the public station? Play one. That's breadth, augment. Have a great day, sir. Five, is this all request to those? No. I mean, you see, all I did was I just got week there for a moment for that 245 year old lady, because any breath might be her last. And I've played sitting on your thing and dough rate. And all of a sudden, no, the answer is no. What is that that you're opening with such a look on your post? It puts a lotion in the basket. What is it? Well, it started out as a CD. Oh, but it's like stuck in, so all that crap. Oh, no. The US post office strikes again as the CD not in there. Oh, the CD's in here. Yeah. But the plot. It's been smashed. There's no way that this could have been accidentally smashed. So the CD has been smashed. Just had to put on the grass and then stomped and crushed. Yeah, that was a great question. Postal workers are a bunch of assholes. Okay, not all of you. Just some of you. Just many of you. And you've seen the things where they show you on TV how they take some of the mail home and they post you around and they look through what they can find anything good. And then they stop on stuff. Here is a CD. I mean, granted the CD cases, the jewel cases are plastic. They're easy to break. But here is a case where the CD has been like chopped off. Now, the good news is that it's your old croat. Oh, yeah. So thank God for that. Don't bother resounding it. Tracy. Yeah. Forget it. Tracy, where's my is the, what about the 98 degrees Christmas CD? She said she was sending you another one. And already got one. No, I did not already get one. If I would let me ask you this, if I would have already gotten one would have not seen it. But I'd not have had a cherished it and embraced it. One would think, because I do like 98 degrees. I do. I do. One would certainly think. I never got it, Tracy. Just like we get stuff in the mail. You know, my post office box. I told you about that one thing. The CD is from a broad from Germany. The John God and somebody at the post office had already opened the thing up. And the CD, the German CD that we're in there had been removed and a bunch of cheap American CDs that were like on sale. 100 for a two bucks something like that. Is if they were fooling somebody. So you people at the post office, you're not fooling anybody. Okay. The price keeps going up and up and up. Pretty sure it'll cost you a buck and mail letter 10 blocks away. Oh, yeah. That's a good idea. Once you're Scotch tape that CD together, you've got both pieces. They're going to tape it together. That's a crazy one. It's just throw it out. It's Cheryl Crowell. Okay. Makes you want to put it on. Yeah. And like I said, whoever the post office did that, thank you. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Great. I've been a fan of years. At least 10 years. Well, that's good. Very much. That's good. Now that we're winding this whole thing down. A couple of weeks ago, you talked about a couple of, I showed off in players that were involved in beating their girlfriend and in gang's and stuff. Yeah. And I'm having an argument with my dad that that didn't happen. And I just want to know who it was so I can tell him. Dolphin players have accused of beating their girlfriend. Well, Irving spikes beat up his wife. Okay. Was one. Okay. Well, you've been like an article on a newspaper. Maybe it wasn't a dolphin player then. No, it was probably that book, pros and cons. Okay. Okay. I just wanted to know because I'm having an argument with my dad. About what? Whether that dolphin players couldn't do that in Jimmy Dawson wouldn't hire you know, how you're talking about Lawrence Phillips who was cut by the dolphin. And then by the 40 miners and everybody else in the league. Yeah. There's one. Yeah. Yeah. That's him. Okay. Anyway, I'm just a big banner. Johnny Johnson wouldn't hire where we scumbag like Cecil Collins and every ex kind of came down to pike. Who was he arguing with you, dad? Yeah. I'm arguing with my dad. Are you trying to get a lot of bottomy? Jimmy Johnson never met a criminal he didn't like. Exactly. Exactly. Thank you very much. And have a great day. Yeah. And other jocks and therefore old dad. And by the way, beginning responses about the boxing thing? Oh, no. Of course not. And every time there's another one of these contrived fixed fake fights comes along. They call all the sports shows. Oh, who do you like it? I'm touching a maximum of five average mountains but dead for 40 years. Yeah, but they're digging them up again, do you? Yeah. Doesn't make any difference because they're they're like hooked on it. They just can't, they're like a disease, like an illness. The secret is the more they like it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Whatever happened that call from Binghamton by the way, they are vanished. Too bad. Well, if you're going to be impatient too bad, we're paying for it. Okay, great. Well, that one got on the air. Didn't know. Starts right out the first word out of his mouth. S. H. Head, very good sir. I thought they were supposed to be conservative up there. Huh? Like real up polite. These Thomas, uh, crappy weather with an S. H. Do you hear that? That great call from Manchester to Hampshire? Well, I don't lady call back and said, I, it was the way from the radio for a second, could you get into play at the beginning? No, she didn't. I was really, she really did. You have to be kidding. I am not kidding. You have to be joking. No. Against my better judgment, I went ahead and played it just because she sounded so desperate. Her owner, 420 to you, Rosbin, Matthews, the junior. I went ahead and I played it for them. And she walked away from the radio briefly. And would I play it again? No. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877, 785, 63345. One good thing, even if people call you on the line nine, if from all the rest of the commences feel better about our 7sop, because even if people call you on along this line, our assholes today. Assholes, tragic, lifeless, sad. Here's a mobile in Western, hello. Yes, sir. Okay, that was Lamar Thomas, that you were reading an article with, I think it was yesterday. He was one of them, but I mean Lawrence Phillips is another Lamar Thomas is one of many. What's that many? That was the whole deal. We're speaking the hell out of the girlfriend and the wife and the mother was there. And they couldn't get her off. Is this about a week ago, you read quite an article. I think that's the lady that she's, that's who she was referring to as Lamar Thomas. Yeah. And in fact, what's a, a hard room and you also played for Jimmy Johnson now. So, I want to clear that up for you. Okay, thanks. Thanks for the good news. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877, 785, 60, 345. Before I leave the tour clock today, we will get a real normal goddamn living in breathing call. Even when we had that one, those picker from our fortmires. That was giving me a song and an answer about the back door boys and all of the crap. Yeah, I realized that it affects your macho image over there in four miles. Nobody over there could admit that they liked the mother of a backseat boys or 98 degrees or in stink or any of those other groups. Some of who do stink by the way, like in stink. We understand it's very important for you to keep up that macho image over there. Underlined the word image. All over the west coast of Florida, Tampa, Clearwater, St. Pete. That's where all the old trolls are in St. Pete. Sorry, soda. Here's a mobile and west palm beach, yellow. Yes sir. All the winners today, man. I would champion you today, right on the other one of them. Yeah, let's agree with the group playing hockey all my life. I love the game. I am a pantser fan, but I think it's absolutely a shame that this city gets to have an NHL franchise. And nobody gets a damn about it. It's not just that they don't give it to them, but they don't know anything about it. The seventh year of the franchise sooner or later you must start learning something. You have to start getting with the program and they don't know. They just don't get it. The worst team doesn't ever mention it. It doesn't know anything about it. And what's the worst team to discuss by the way since guilty is on there every morning. And one of his jobs is that thinking he does with the Panthers. Well, what's the excuse for almost never talking about? A very liberal minimal. Right. I guess that's what everybody cares. That must be it. And then guy going your show talking about Yager. I mean, it's disgusting. Jager. Jager. Thank you. I'm a great day. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. How are you doing? Okay, sir. My name's Julio. I'm calling you. I've asked for the call. Yeah. Yeah. Just wanted to know if there's AT&T to know about Julio's. I could represent the, which five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, eight, pound, five, six, six, on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile informyer, Julio. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I used to live in Miami. And I moved to form my ass. Uh-huh. Well, these places, that, man. Yeah. Compared to here, that's really saying something. Can I go back? No. Listen, can you play as much to a gentleman in the morning? No. No. 560, five, six, six, six, eight, five, six, six, on the AT&T line. How do I let him in over there? Boy, you must have sneaked in like late at night. Like about two, 30 in a morning, where it was like real real. Finced throughout side, everybody was shun, does sleep. Musta, musta have it. It became done in chimney. Wow. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. In there. Yes. Don't mean that it'll be. But he played a song again for these old people up in just two. No. 560, 50, 50, 50, 60, pound, five, 60, on the AT&T while it's lunch. This audience like I told you has no material. Zero, the big. No. None. I predicted that. How many years ago, 100 years ago, I said, they were running out of material. You could smell it. It was in the air. And now they've run dry. See, that's why certain shows that a lot of mention no names, you know what I'm saying? Are you sure? That's why it's perfect for them. Show that they can't call. Show that around tape. Show that they can't talk to. So that they can be totally passive. And just sit back and I didn't have to be involved. That's perfect. In fact, what we're going to start doing to combat that is we're going to start just playing best in the old tapes. I was all against the tapes, but I'm taking a hold of attitude now. I'll come and live and do this spotlight. You know, on those days, when there's a copy change, rest time I'll stay home. I'll go someplace, you know. No, seriously. I think that's a great idea. Because then, and you can play a little announcement, don't call because this is a recorded book. And then that's great for them. This is my key difference when I'm talking about. It makes no difference when I'm talking about what I'm here live. It's just a material, it's irrelevant. Because it's a totally passive crowd. Here's four miles, hello. Four miles. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. You're talking about the Holy Spirit a little while ago. What's he thinking about? You want to know about what they eat, what they do? What's all this about? Were you listening to what I said? Well, yeah, I was listening. Would you really want to know? What did I say, sir? I said, how come it is that no matter what we're talking about, that the Holy O'sness, time of which we got about 75 million, have nothing to say about it. My question is, what is it that you people are interested in? What is it that we're interested in? Yes. Well, we are also interested in the sport and all that. We're talking on the radio about who you're this, who you're that. And you don't even know, well, that's why I asked the question. That's why I'm asking. Right. You want to know what we eat? Is that the kind of question you're going to ask on the radio? Yeah. What do we eat? Yeah. Holy Man, listen, that's maybe the kind of stuff they feed you all day. They're on that radio, right? Yeah. I'm just getting a lot of it today. Yeah. I'm pretty sure you are. I'm stopped. I'm stopped. There you go. But you keep feeding off of it. I mean, I see you don't want to answer the question. All you want to do is act hostile. You know, like another hostile Julio. I mean, I asked a very reasonable question. What is it that you people are interested in? What is something you say about? This is a kind of hostile that you make people like me, have to call to your show, have to put you. You had to, you had to call the show. It's somebody holding your gun to your head. What are you talking about? You had to call the show. Well, because I am calling the show because I'm a let you know. Hey, what are you saying? What are you telling us? What am I telling you? Yes. You told me. Yeah. Yeah. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. I'm covered a lot of Julio's in four miles allegedly. You think he was reading four miles? You do? Oh my God. What? What? What? What? Watch out over there on a West Coast, baby. You invade this coming, it's spreading right across the old alley, they're spreading it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T line, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five. See instead of getting a hostile, why not tell me something? Why not answer instead of just being a hostile? Of course anybody can go, I know. Like that. That doesn't take any IQ. Takes no talent. Takes no knowledge. Don't take a real man to do that. do that. Here's plantation. Hello. The problem is that the current sometimes takes the takes the whoios to the west coast every now and then. That's what they're hearing from. Well, you mean they're going to start washing up on sure over there? Yeah, the current in O and O and O and O and O and O and stuff, the current changed and they drift on that side sometimes. They get into back way so to speak. Wow. Yeah, listen, I got a, I just kind of brand new computer. I'm not a computer geek or nothing like that. But I did found you, I did find your house on the show with an affiliate with the internet at night. And then I bought one of his dates. So all you expect for one of yours. And then went to your website, right from his. And all the audio was up that you got and all the cards and that's just a killer killer thing, man. Everybody should visit that if they got a decent computer with the same thing. Roger, you're watching your Rogers.com. Excellent, man. You can listen to like every show for the last six months. That's right. Whole three hours on Eric, Eric up there in the Orlando, Eric here will does a great job on that. Fantastic. But why can't you take the commercials and stuff out of those shows? Like the archive, that that place. Probably because Eric may have a life and have other things to do because I'm editing. No problem. Show us. No problem. Hey Neil, thanks a lot. I love you. I have a great day. Thank you. Yeah, and why don't we bring this guy? Loans two while he's listening for a crying out loud. You don't want to have somebody put a bib in the feed of to him. I mean, I appreciate all the nice things, sir. But we can only do so much for you. No, I'm saying, oh, you know what I'm saying, sir? Oh, okay. We'll send that Julio from four miles of a little trip before you. I think he just washed up. Here's a lighthouse point, hello. Hello, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. First time calling. Great. And I'm calling in to say that I was in law enforcement for five years and I walked off the job yesterday. Really? Due to the fact I went to what they call property assessment. You know, when they ready to have property assessment, yeah. And you have like a hundred thousand hours of drugs and toys and expensive things that drugs be wish by. All right. Yeah. I find myself in court every other day defending other officers for stuffing their boots. Right. You know, stuffing their booty, yeah. Sorry, this walked off the job and this is something big that's going to be in a paper. It's going to be all over the news of House of Florida officers or just robbing people and then reporting that they only found very little. All right. You're just a little bit. Property to drugs. It's rather stressful, yeah. Yeah. So just car. Isn't that their thing, Sean? Take your booty. Yep, that's it. Okay, good luck, pal. Back to the ass. All right. Woo. By the way, speaking of the scandals with the police, here are any more about that internal investigation. No. In Florida, investigate about that prostitute rank. Again, all these great reporters we got in this town. Yeah. I see them and it's not all these other great investigators reported all these great journalists. There was a story that was supposed to be going to become one of the great scandals in the history of law enforcement in this town. Did it happen? Oh, we heard another word. Oh, was there like anything? Oh, no. And they said that there were cops from every police force in Dave County showing up morning noon tonight with minors with young girls underage 16, but a bit of a Hollywood. Kindle and Hylia. Now, if one of you folks is running a whole ring out of your home and hoaring out some underage kids, I guarantee you'd be doing a life right now, probably. Let's get it out of cop plant town. That's the, but I'm saying unless it was part of their deal. Unless they were on the inside, so to speak. Scored Scored that too. See, so you can talk all you want about what a bad guy I am and I'm a heart-ass and I'm innocent. But the fact is that life goes on here. It's like law, law land. Don't anybody ask any questions, don't make any waves. Just let all these crooks, which is what they are. Let all these crooks do whatever they want. And the rest of us, we have to shake in our boots that maybe we're going five miles and over the speed limit or maybe Ken Jenney's going to show up at a goddamn swing club or whatever it's going to be. Stickin' it knows in our business. But in the meantime, they're getting away with whatever you're healthy want. Murder included. Just thought I would mention that. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Come back when your phone works, okay? Here's a call in Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. Spire report, we have an analyst and parole, you're making out in the back seat of a... Okay, great. 560, 560, pound 560. See what I'm saying? Very sad, you're people. They have no material in it. They can't talk about no matter what it is you bring up. They cannot discuss it. I know they're out there. They're there. They be there. I mean, at least our brothers out there, at least our darkies, if we bring up something that, you know, that may tickle their fancy a little bit. We have all kinds of calls from those folks. Has in vacuas, a bowl of name, a bowl of to go. Vacuas on this. But the Julios in this town, I don't know what it is. I just, we still haven't figured out what it is. Other than... Oh, just, where's me out? Here's a mobile in Naples, hello. Hey, jerky boy, what up? Yes, sir. Let's talk about Hogtan, but I'm not a big Hogtaner. Four Myers-Newscrest sucks, but... I think it will be hard. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Newlizer. Hello, Newlizer. I listen to you and I listen to Pawn Run in the morning. Pawn Run? Yeah, I just want to know that the true Julios, I guess it just calls on the true Julio. Yeah. The true Julio could tell you what they eat. Yeah. I'll tell you a lot of chocchi. Ha ha ha ha, all right. Okay. Babe, sure. And dream a lot too, huh? 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. He must know JP, huh? That was him, wasn't it? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Newlizer. Question for you, right? You think of you very sarcastic with your audience. What does that mean? Well, you're... You're happy to be... I listen to you for how long. For how many years? For how many years? For how many years? I can't wait for Hank to come on. Yeah. But what does that mean? In other words, you have no life between 10 and 10. Why don't that what you're saying, sir? You have one of your life. You're waiting. I have one of your... You're warming the tubes up in your radio to for Hank to come on. You can't turn it off till 2 o'clock and go find something else useful to do. Or a bit surely, you have to. Yeah, okay. That's what he wanted. That's what he got. I don't have time to waste with people to give me a saw that he can't wait for Hank to come on. I can't wait for him to come on either after he's talking to assholes like you. All these people with their excuses. Nobody is forcing you to listen and please don't lie to me and tell me you don't listen every day. All four hours for God or when it was how many years you will love it. You're squeezing yourself right now because I'm responding to your call. You're squeezing it. It's the most exciting you'll have in the next two three months. I guarantee you that. Who the hell are you? You're not fooling me. Okay, like I give a crap with this guy. Thanks. I couldn't care less. The check is the same amount. Whether you like it. Don't like it. You're waiting. You're not waiting. You're a lady and waiting. Whatever. I couldn't care less. It is of no significance to me. Here's Palmby. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, a couple of things. I think a lot of people channel surf over channels and check things out for a few minutes and carry on. You know, but anyways. Do I miss a break or something to sell? No, you just pulled the last guy. How does he know you're on or whatever? What did I do wrong? Did I do Charles out for you? I think I missed a break. I didn't do anything wrong. Anyway, I think I finally figured out why this town is so bush league. Yeah. Because the loser like you are let the stay on the radio and wine for more hours. And lose wine when you keep listening to it. That's right. No, people don't do it. Don't do it. Don't say no. The end effect is that if you weren't listening, you wouldn't be calling me right now. You're listening. You're telling me I'm a loser. We best want my paycheck shows me very clearly compared to whatever you're making a 90. That's number one. And now, what is it? Your paycheck is squatted promise you. My paycheck is an AM radio. You're an AM radio. Come on, guys. You suck. I suck. That's why you listen. That's why you listen. That's why you listen. Yeah. Let me go. I'm on. Stop this. Okay. Well, I was having so much to talk to. So I just lose those spots. No way we can make that up. Now, don't give me a grimace like that. I just though we actually had a little something going there and look at that. We had a lot of calls. I'll sarcastic asshole. But that's okay. Yeah, your paycheck is squatted and you suck. But thanks for listening to the new Roger show on 5.60. QA. I'm sir. Whole. If you lose in a hair on your head, it's probably because nature is paying you back for all the evil things that you've done. Oh, that's a huge thing. I'm gonna get a good water day. The water's just a lot of power. Premium beer. You've found a red dog. You've chugged a red wool. Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock. Red cock's foamy head will lead you breathless. Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat. So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock. You can shake it and spray it all over. Remember, you can't beat a red cock. Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front. Minute after one. Never did that in my life before. And 400 years of radio I actually missed a break. We'll get it in. No don't worry about that. Because these people would be like, Dr. In their pants if we missed a break. Look at it. And we'll just do that cash box thing. But just talk real fast. This last guy by the way, Life how many years did it grow? 80 in a row. Can just envision now this boiler room that John Henry has set up. But all these guys, the guys that were in the suit here this morning. They're sitting around with their phones calling the show. Keep those calls coming by the way. Those are some of my favorite calls. Some of my favorite assholes. And by the way, you notice Lord Aslambal. He ain't making any money either because he's on AM radio. Yeah, your paycheck is negligible. You're on AM radio, man. With your 10 and 11 cheers for the last 20 years, you're on AM radio. Okay, pal. Good luck to you. I hope for John Henry's painting a lot of money. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, I'd like to have told you so many times before. Stop and think about it. Just stop and think about some asshole out there that is taking the time to call Who's been listening for god only knows how many years. God knows how many hours every day of his life. With all the other options that might be even an important place like this. There must be something going on. Who's voluntarily listening, but calls to take the time from his very rich full life to tell me how I suck. And I'm this and I'm not a naughty naughty, whatever else he was saying. I slept. Here's a mobile in Oakland Park, hello. Hey, near. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I was wondering if you're going to make any changes, you know, the years coming up and the year, the show. Like what? I don't know, it's changed the format. You show me the half topics now or you're going to be doing topics during tomorrow. Really? Well, I mean give me a break. Give me a break with what? I mean, every day I don't mean to knock you shit with the state of the way. Go right ahead, pal. This is the new all of a sudden we just switched into this gear and now that we have it three or four these guys in the row and you already on hold. But now you've decided it's time to rip me a last. Go ahead, doesn't bother me. No, I mean, I like you showing off, but I mean. But what? But now that we had these three people in the row on here knocking my ass, all of a sudden you discovered that you don't like the show? I like the show. You do love the show. Then what don't you like about the show? Like this call, maybe? No, don't you like. No, I don't. I don't. I like the show. Then what do I like you to change it a little bit? Maybe you'll be better. And by doing what? I don't know. You're the man. How about by moving on to the next call sounds good to me. It's can only improve. Here's Kate Coral. Hello. Can't hear you. Bad phone. Hello? Call me back. Call me on a real phone. Five, six, have they discovered it was in Cape Coral yet? Oh, no. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on a AT&T line. You almost just said something that they ruffled somebody's feathers somewhere along line because all of a sudden it's like, Oh, gee, let's attack Neil now. Let's attack him. Go ahead ahead and bother me. Couldn't give a crap less. I find it most amusing is a matter of fact. I love it. And by the way, now you know this George has surpassed George's better. You used to be George. Are you crazy? He doesn't belong on here for five minutes. Are you listening? What's going on when you're out there? Are you a moron? Are you an idiot? He mumbles it. And now all of a sudden, I got to hit him. Now, let's hear it for George. They after his birthday. And just a few short months. He's past me like I was standing still. Nice going, George. Yeah. As Peter R.L. I'll enter. Hey, George. Have a great day, George. Have a wonderful day, George. Yeah. Oh, I learned I'm old newsman. You know these people. I'm like the Dan Marino of Radio. I used to be good. Now I'm a piece of crap. Get out of old cars. Okay. Hey, let's, I have no problem with that. I will continue taking the chest. If you want George to do the show every day. Fine. I'll just sit over here and corner. And I'll make a little sound. Yeah. I'm deaf. Let's roll. I have no problem with that. We'll take a vote. If the audience wants George, every day. No problem. I don't have any ego. Listen to these live, several calls. Let's rip the 11 ass. That's the idea of entertainment. I'm no problem with that. So you can't have an ego when you work here. Here's the lady in Margate who wants to rip me an ass. Hello. Me, oh. Yes, man. I just want to apologize for those ungrateful people. They are ungrateful. They don't appreciate it. I love them. I am the, give me sexual excitement. They do. I'm telling you that if you give my chance to think about something, they don't want that opportunity. Yeah. They don't want to think about things. I just like this last guy. I mean, I used to be really good up until he's last year for a call. Not a guy to set it up to show needs improvement. Yeah. Yeah. Well, where's his radio show? I have no idea. I don't know what time it's on. Your next bird to know. You don't have shows like you do. And why can't nobody has a show like I do. Luckily for them. Why can't people have a sense of humor? No. And I don't think that. Seeing the substitution for having something to talk about or being able to respond to the 50,000 things I bring up every day. The substitution for that is to attack me. See? Because they have no material. Well, that's not fair. No, I don't care. You have an opportunity. Where else can I have an opportunity to speak out about something? Not on the street corner somewhere on a soap box. They're not going to find it. That's why I love your program. Okay. Okay. I don't always agree with you, but I love listening to you. Most of the times I do. I'm not going to, you know, despise you because I don't agree with you about one thing. One thing in particular. Have a great day, sweetheart. Thank you. Love you. Okay. It's that time. Another break already? Well, it's my fault. Okay. I missed one. We got to keep both of them on the spot. Seven after one or five, 60 WCWM. Only one. A Neil thank God. And I don't want to be him. One, two, three. I made a through college in average, this week. I have a lot of money. Looks not much of a frame. Like most of you voters who were just this late. But I could say one thing that you came. My not daddy is the next president. I got money. Power. It's not the solution. I could do anything I use. A little bit of cash is all I need. Is that as far as I can go and my grave. An impulated marker thing is all I use. A garnered vote for more. I was just like you. That is clearly made fun of the last. I don't think I left that. I just can't. Remember to vote for George Bush. And those of you who don't, you can't get my touch. You see what matters to me about the presidency. Is that a makes a nice conversation piece. I'm the king of denial too. I have no problem. I have to do. So why have to go important for you to know. Whether or not I did blow a little bit of cocaine. I mind knows a little bit of truth. A little blow. When I'm elected I'll put him in. You all back. When I put up the constant situation. What I found out is that the Ukrainian family minister8 didn't tell him. Did you see this on the list setting? 11. Yes. Qu400. You had conversations with folks that made us going back. What have you done when you heard that the secretary says yes? I lit atalt and they don't watch the steering for 40 years. I called the manager. okay, nice and the kids when they have to do their thing have to go for a teach is pay to take them to the restaurant, okay? Ah-ha. And if the teachers say this involved with some other reportable, what, you know, taking a kid to do the thing, you know, the kids doing this pants is called his mother to bring them to the new class. So why we, what the hell is this guy here when I say you for? We need one. I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah. This ridiculous, I just really would tell me a part. There must be desperate because it's obvious that there are a whole bunch of his henchmen on the phone here that this must be their homework assignment for today. Let's all, just, I started spontaneously like all of a sudden about 20 minutes ago and there's like one after another here on the line just waiting. In closing, Henry, go to hell. Okay, thank you sir. God bless you. How do you like that? This guy said, no. How do you like that, John? And, me, wither without me a rod, your answer is still the same. No. No. No way, Jose. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18T line. Here's a sunrise, hello. Yes sir. Hey, Neil. Yes, I am. Hey, what's up man? Hey, just one of that two-none man. You like to change up there. You program is really great. Not the fun till today. All of a sudden today, I lost it. You know, it was okay until last couple of days, I've lost it. Right. You're really funny. You have the sense of humor. Yeah. I'm going to have to meet again one, too. And what's up with all the tubans? Man, as soon as you mention the word, who you even want to come down to the station and kill you or something. No, they don't want to come down. They just, they just get very defensive and psychotic and they refuse to respond to the question. All I asked about is a reasonable question. What are the things that they care about? What is their life consistent? What can they talk about? And instead, I'll get his- Is that, you know? I see that man. Let me tell you story about that. The important thing in things in life, even Mr. Alk Akra built it is more important things than strangers on the shore. Yeah, about 10 years ago I was in the military. And during basic training, who's became like them cattle trucks, but then veterans know what I mean. I saw how hard they were. They wanted to break you down. I decided to shut up and do what I was told. The song reasoned because I was quiet, these guys just pulled me out of the whole pitune and called me Julio. I don't know what that meant, you know. I had no idea what it meant at that time. I was like 17 and it just kept calling me Julio or island boy. I didn't say a word man at the end of it, they come up to me to say, can you really speak English Julio? I said, yeah, man, I can speak English. Yeah. I'm not Spanish, I'm not back, I'm like East Indian, I'm mixed. Some people think I'm Filipino, some people think I'm different things. Yeah. I didn't take it to heart. And at the end I realized that the guys were just trying to do a job. Make you better mentally. That's what I'm saying. I'm not going to do that. Yeah. It was a Cuban man. I could imagine what he does at that drill, so I know. Okay, I have a line for that, but it's a family show. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the 18 T. wireless line. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale, hello. Mobile-in-four-laterdale. No time to dittle around, okay? We have a lot of spots to get in. If you're not quick today, these people are so slow. You're so slow on the uptake. I'm the one that's old and stable, but these people are so slow. Ponderous. Here's a mobile-in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, yeah, yeah, how are you doing? Great. I was listening to the guy that I spoke before. And now I understand who you mean. I'm cute and I was trying to understand what kind of, but I don't know who you would want to be in the barway on the go away. It's in the barway. You know, I'm trying to figure out. Because it's in the barway you can have. That was insane. That was sensational. He said, we eat a lot of solios, then we effilite, as what he said. What's wrong with that? Oh, that was beautiful. 117 at 5.16. WQM. This was 25. I had a semi-aragious kid like it here to word asshole. Hello, citizens. This is Batman. You know, even though I'm a fictional character, the Y2K problem is real. In other words, I may be from the comics, but there's nothing funny about Y2K. So, what can you do, John and Jane, citizens? Heck, that's why. If you have the time right now, one out into the streets and scream your head off like a little girl. Y2K, why me? You know, I don't care. You don't think Batman's coming to your rescue, do you? Ha! I can tell you now. Suck up on candles. Then, withdraw all your cash from the bank and bury it in the backyard. But, the capital of your have a canine friend. Then, sell your computer. It'll be about as useful as the fat signal of noon. You might as well get some money out of it now, so you can buy it generator and lots of gasoline. But, don't store the gas in empty plastic milk containers or some unsuspecting moron like Robin. Like suck it down, thinking it's tasty. Then, you gotta get his stomach pumped. By rushing to the emergency room, and you don't want to do it in costume because people tend to laugh at Batman when he's down on the surface screen, by being tried. And they always tease Robin because his outfit is so... K! But, I digress. This is Batman. When it comes to why, you K! Don't be a Joker. What's one of two of five sixty WCU? They better not be listening because they find out that I could squeeze that many spots into one hour and do it as panel says it. We'll be doing five breaks in hours. Alright. Now we're talking. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I hear from you, how are you in the morning that I listen to you? Alright. You know, the battle starter when you started putting the drugs on. You know what I got? What is it? Well, your problem started when you started putting the drugs on. When you started putting the sock over the phone and it's going to happen. That's one of your boyfriends, by the way. One of those three Julio. Five six seven. All my problems started when I started putting jewelry. What problems are you talking about? I thought all of my problems started when I came to work for this company. Is that when they started? Oh, yeah. We'll big time. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the 18-to. And additionally, George has a lot better than I am. I'll tell you that right now. Any day the week, even blindfolded with a finger stuck in the back of the oven. Even his own. Tell you that, Mr. Smartie. You're a fan, so we took a poll. What are you laughing about? They're in love with you now. Don't you understand that when you go on, they'll be in love with me. Sure. Whoever is not at the moment. They love you. Here's Kate Coral, huh? Kate Coral. What? What? How much did the same Jack Ball? We had on before we filmed it and worked in. Doesn't work now. Here's a mobile and palm beat. Chill out. boy boy boy boy boy boy boy high, bye boy boy boy boy boy boy boy,kaa low ins. I don't know where he leaves. Oh boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy Boy Boy Boy Boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy,win look at the cereal nail. 25 60 pound five 60 on the 18. Here's a mobile and colour red. I'm going to the deal. Yes, sir. I don't know how to follow that. Yeah, that was the idea. I think that's the same moment. Okay, so every third. Retard. Yes. Let me ask you some questions. They wouldn't let me talk to Henry. But I do want your opinion on something. Yeah. How would it be if Henry buys Bobby Madero Stadium for a million bucks? The city's broke now anyway. Yeah. It's 10,000. How many had that? He was born the first time. Okay. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, T. Wallace, lunch. See people that think that they're very clever and cute and come up with silly stuff like that. I don't have time for silly. No. I'm not into silly. Here's a mobile and less Palm Beach, Ella. Yeah. Deal. How are you? Pretty good sir. I could respond to this a couple months ago because I was still employed by this company. But they were back in the hurricane. You were asking about companies. We're still open and things. Right. I worked for a very large electronic company. Retailer that sells CDs, DCR, zero equipment, advertisers on your company. So I won't mention the name. Okay. But they were open during both hurricane employees that certified the state and hurricane Irene which went right through West Palm Beach. Never closed the store down for more than an hour and a half for both days. I didn't talk about the time coming to the matter. Yeah. Why? I don't know. I guess they expected something to go on by a big screen TV and 80 mile an hour wins. So anyways, I couldn't tell you a couple months ago. I just put my job out with them last week. So now if anybody recognized my voice doesn't matter, right? Exactly. Okay. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. What are you listening to in the morning? You want George on a show tomorrow? Come on. Let's start the liner right out there in the table. Okay. I'm a big boy. I can add it. He would my meager paycheck. I can squeeze by. I'm a dottering old fool and I know it. proud of it. 25 after one. Another break already. At five, sixty. We're actually like getting ahead of ourselves now. I can go home like 20 of now. If we do the serious player cards right. Speaking of playing your cards. Oh, a lot of your so big. No more signs of left. So next week on NBC. If the Duke's a hobo no ride along with those two zany helicopters, join me and climb in their hop top for three more keep the genital piece. Love down yet. That's it. Not only doing sighting. Are they your hot ragay? I can barely see over the room. Watch the Duke's out with boss Bob. Head of condo security. Hey, you. They can't go by the ball without your door. I cut the ice to hold them there. Come on. Let's go to school. Let's bring Jay. Yeah. He let's kneel the board of five. They can let down you. It's a good long life. Oh, I don't want to hear it. I got a big cut. I got a big cut. I got a big cut. I got a big cut. I got a big cut. I got a big cut. If you're out in the way to win the Duke's a Hawripy. Uh huh. You could use your bootiess hard to make up your own language. If you prefer to put yourch  of YouTube movies from the Some for $500B, Can you see? There's all this vest legit content on some of the entertainment because there everybody has it. Where you can get the Red Team and still look good and probably was getting laid like every five minutes. I mean what does that mean? He's born again now. Oh, and now he's old and all of the honest with you for how role the years you don't look that bad compared to most of those guys whose eyes are where their breakfast used to be. Yeah. John Schneider now we're talking baby. That was exactly my favorite show. The Gilligan's Island. Expo days coming up. Or really all kinds of mayhem. That Bob Denver or John Denver. And aren't they both that? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line out of town on 877756345. Here's Stuart. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. No. How are you doing buddy? Okay, pal. Yeah. I'm really like to show. Well, I just got there's one. Here's one happy customer. Not excellent. Yeah, really. And I want to. I used to cut grass and I worked with some burrito brothers. And let me tell you when that guy says that a church who you ever seen some of the girls who's guys are with. John Long. No good at all. Yeah. So Neil, maybe they just have bad sense of smell. I might be part of the. I don't know what it is. It's durian. I don't know what it is, but how long you think Marina is going to hold up. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line out of town line is 877756345. 87775 Neil, any I. You got it? You got that? No. No. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Yes. I've been listening to your show since 1979. Before Elvis was a baby, yeah. I'm not trying to hear if you're brilliant, you're a genius. And now we're going to have a one of happy customers. That's going to be a little bit more fun. Happy people there. Oh, you're George is a tremendous backup. Right. I think he's a lot better when he come right down to it. Okay. If I could make free suggestion. I think he's over the years. I think you have leaned more towards cutting the color out. Isn't the color happy your show? What do you mean cutting the color around? You hang up on the color within 560. No, that's not true at all. Even on for like a little bit. Seconds are normally most known. No sir, the color goes when the color becomes either abusive or boring at that point we move on. We can't afford the luxury of letting people a drone on with terminal crap. If there's if there's one mistake I've made in the past is what boring people go on. Much too long. I mean way too long. I'd have to trust your honestmanship. I believe you. They probably would be a cumboring. You're generally so have a great day. 560, 505, 60, palm 560 on the AT&T line. 870. See, this isn't like some kind of a contest to see who could be the most polite. And just like the crap that they write about the waffin. Oh, and there's sports guys going hang up on people and they're not rude. And guess what? They have no audience. They have no audience. They have a big nothing. Zero. And one diary they've been on here for a full book, a full rating period. They have a zero. A zero. Morning, noon, and night. They have a zero. At least they're consistent. But they're very polite. We're not here to be polite. We're entertainers. We're also, if we get informal little bit. Also, if we can do a little bit of journalism like that, horrendous thing with John Henry this morning, that embarrassment. But we're here to entertain. That's what we're here for. That's what you can be the most polite who can leave people on the longest while they had thrown on and on. Oh, God, you know what taught me that was that whammy thing. Because it seemed like they would go out of their way to take the most boring pond of his calls. And I would sit there watching myself thinking, why are you letting this asshole go on so long? This is the most terminal crap I ever heard in my life. Which certainly didn't belong on TV again then. I think it was a lot better than that. But nevertheless, so there's something that came from it along with the Afree case, which there wasn't too much, but nevertheless. And all the free yarmakers I got to. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6. It's critiqued in the arrounder show day. But not only today because they got nothing to say about the eight million things I talked about about the box you got killed, about the god damn John Henry de Bacchallus morning on a worst thing about all of these different things we talked about today. Nothing. But boy, oh boy, they sure got it. They got in the opinion. That's great. Critique away, baby. You keep this up. You might actually hear George on year one do this week. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. On the AT&T line, 87, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. A few days ago, within my car, I heard this really, really nice heartwarming song something about flying without wings. Great. And you liked it? Oh, I love it. Oh, thank god. I love you, sweetheart. Here's the first person I've ever spoken to in 23 years who I'm good taste. Well, unfortunately, when I got to the place, I was going to and I didn't hear any information on who said it was that, but they... No, it's not in America. That's why you don't know it. Oh. I think of the group as West Life. They're British groups. And they're huge in Europe and all over the rest of the world. Everywhere, but they haven't made it here yet as you used to be. I thought it was a back-to-grade boy. Oh, no. With all the respect to the back-to-de-boys who might like a lot of these guys are a lot better singers than they are. Oh, I have to have that CD-D another name of it. It's just called West Life. It's their first album. West Life, their first album. Right. You'll love it. It's, they've already, this is like the third hit single-off it already. And if American program directors get with it, maybe someday soon, no, you'll be here in it here. It just melted my heart. I think I'm going to play today. How do you like that? Okay. Thanks, we're done. Bye-bye. There is... What did I say just the other day? All these years, finally it paid off. All these years. I brought in different pieces of music. Not the usual crack that you'll hear like on any of the FM garbage station that is market. But stuff that's like unique stuff I hear in Europe, stuff that's like off the wall, stuff that's whatever. And you know what the usual response is to it? Ehh! Nothing. Nothing. And here you see, this is what I've been trying to tell you folks for years. You have to go through 65,000 calls. And then you get to somebody like her and I grant you. Maybe that's not the most exciting thing that ever happened on a show. But I'm squeezing myself right now. Because here's a woman who actually responded to something that happened on a show. You know, I played it hoping to get a response. Other than, oh that's the worst piece of crap we ever. Oh yeah, we saw that TV show. It really sucked you know. Stuff like that. That's no brainer in this town. You want to get something negative as you've heard today. That's easy. Because these are the most goddamn negative people on the face of the year. Just ask Danny Boy, he'll tell you. We're sorry, Danny Boy. Oh God. You know, the stench in the hallway from that John Henry debacle this morning. Evidently whoever mocked up the semester didn't do too good of a job. Wow, it just, just unbelievable. Nice going, B.Full. And by the way, the rumor is that it was like Stephen's boyfriend was one of those three colors about 10 after one. Yeah, that's what I'm hearing. Did you hear that? Oh yeah. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. Everybody's looking for that something. One thing to make it all clean. You find it in the strange place. There's nothing new it could be. I'm finding it in the same sub-dance of the children. I'm finding it in the love of the sign. Who can deny the joy of rain? You found that special thing. You flyin' without rain. Sometimes it's sharing never-one. Sometimes it's all shared in life. You flyin' in the world of earth. Time can make you laugh. Oh, right. You find it in the deepest direction. Can you curse? I lie. You know how much I need. You found that special thing. You flyin' without rain. You know how much I love. Just say nothing. You got your fight. You're a good wager. You're a good wager. You're a good wager. You're a good wager. You're a good wager. You're a good wager. You're a good wager. You're a good wager. You're a good wager. You're a good wager. You're a good wager. You're a good wager. You're a good wager. You're a good wager. You know how much I can say I got your... You've been dying all day. You've been over yet. You've been over yet. You're a good wager. You know how much I love. You've been over yet. You've been over yet. You've been over yet. You've been over yet. You've been over yet. You've been over yet. You've been over yet. 14. No. No. 14. No. 14. No. 14. No. 15. 15. This is just a plain. This is the plain. Wow. 5.670560. Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Hollywood. Yes sir. You got no material. I just bought the voice. My support for your show. Uh-huh. And for your show as well. You're both great talent. Yes we are. As far as that jerk. The news calls. You said you take a spot. You're a loser. I just wish you call you back and tell you how many formats he has. Okay thanks. How many NSXs you just traded yesterday for Mercedes. Okay. Thank you sir. And don't forget to tip the third. That's the tip the third guy by the way. Oh this stuff is just a scrolling sizzling. You sure John had read it and leave this? 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's sweet water. John Henry tax this. Okay. Excellent. How long have you waited about like a half hour for that? Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I was just going to tell you that you're so terrific. And also just about Miami and general. We don't deserve you. We don't deserve damn marino and Paulville. Boy right. That's great. That's great. It's horrible. Right. And thank God that I'm going to New York on Thursday. Once you're on grateful back to you. We'll have a great time man. I have one more thank you. Yes sir. Because Sean B. had like naked pictures of buildings and Gregory. Because to me the six of 10 slots should be to the one and only 10 manage. Yeah. He has naked pictures of Billy Lindsey. Huh? Billy Lindsey. Oh, he whatever is mean. But Buffalo Lindsey. Oh Buffalo Lindsey. Oh yeah. Buffalo Lindsey. Yeah. Why don't they have a like a 10 manage in there which is a. For football. He can't afford to pay a decrease. He's got a good job. He does. Have a great time. You too sir. Mad dog. He's the man. Yeah. He wouldn't have been suck in John Henry's butt this morning. Like those three shingles. Oh yeah. And it's a tough position. And we got the Marlins on this station. We're losing our ass on it. And I'm not saying that they carve the guy and ask. They're in polite. That's ridiculous. But for crying out loud. It said they were like suck his toes and a protecting from any call that might be a little bit hostile or disagreeable. And it's it's it's I'm consumable. And I'll say it again. Only the sports nerd audience to this station would sit back and tolerate it. And luckily we had a few people are able to get through on this show today. Since we may have a little tiny crossover there who we're calling in. They're literally complaining over the fact that they weren't allowed to get on the year because they didn't like their questions. How do you like that? Here's a mobile of color range. Hello. Neil, God. Yes sir. This is. You say this a thousand times and it's still it does. I can't comprehend these people call them a rag you and it's that you have a piece of direct for a little thing. They're listening. They're listening. I'm trying to instruct the listening audience, which is the majority of the people out there to understand. And it doesn't take a genius to figure this up. Nobody, no sane person listens to something. And if they after it and this guy to call before that's something, we even charges better in New York. So he knows when George is on he knows when I'm on. He can tell when the tapes were on. I think, giving this guy listens to every single day. Now, what kind of a moron? What kind of a misfit listens to something that's so bad that's so gross. Test-contorable. I just got must have less than the life. How much? I hate these. It's like, there's, there's sadists. There's a sadistic. They just, I got to have it. I mean, it's like, well, they call. I'm going to be for a pal. The day that I hang up the microphone, and I'm gone. All those people like that, they're going to, well, they won't know what to help. They won't know what to do. They won't know their spit or eat each other's banana. You're right. They don't know what to do. They don't know what to do. When you were off of the air, our Jones so bad. It wasn't even funny. I mean, did they hurt you were coming on? I, they were, uh, spurt and going on all over this truck. I didn't even know what to do with myself. I'm going to go tell myself, oh, thank you. 150, 10 before 2 at 5.60 WQM. Critique the knee-a-rider show up till 2 o'clock today. Take your best shot. Give us your best ripped job. Okay. Rip a little one. Thank you, baby. Hi there. Welcome to Cockle Bell. Can I take your order? Well, this is my first time here. What do you recommend? Well, we'd be high with recommends. The hard cocko Supreme Value Mail. It is. Do you know what? Actually, I think I'd prefer a soft one. Well, you know what? Sweetie, I like a soft sometimes too. Okay. That's one soft cocko Supreme. One of her four skins and cheese. And one spurt, salty protein shake. You're total is 6.69. It's the second window. Please, fall forward. Here you go, sir. One soft cocko meal. And here's your free prize. What the heck is this? A stuffed gerbal? Well, yes. He's a mascot. You haven't seen him. Well, pass his butt. He'll talk to you. I think I like that. Bye-bye. Thanks for coming to Taco Bell. Have a good day. Hope to see you again soon. Bye. 156 at 5. 6. You got a hang. Thank God. That cool city at 2. Booster at 6. And we got that you went basketball game. 7 o'clock tonight. No. No. Okay. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I had the disclosure of having to listen a little bit about that morning. I'm so successful. And it was truly pathetic. In the way it was quarter-graphed. It might as well have been filled hand-rained. Instead of a John Henry there. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Are you sure? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's terrible. As far as you're shown, Neil. I think it's a tribute to yourself and the George. They've been able to maintain the core of your greatness integral despite the two garbage, the sports shows you're loading at your edges. Really? Yes. Okay. I'll pass it along. Okay. There you go. Hank. Oh. I'll lose some weight and cut the garbage. And the morning, guys, too. Well, the guy before said the Hank was too fat for radio or something like that. Everybody's a critic out there today. They got no material. As soon as I out this audience had taken it out of material and believed me they went out a long time ago. All of a sudden, they're all critics. You're an old God. You're only on AAM. You don't make any goddamn money. You're a piece of crap. You're washed up and you all sucked down there. Y'all sucked. Well, he made you a point on that, not all. Yeah, that crowd we had in this morning, a bunch of plastic, spastic, assholes, man. What are gathering? And instead of having a fortitude instead of having a little bit of a BB and get tossing them and just anything, anything that would have made some sense. Oh, yeah. What are you doing? Good job here. Doing a weird little job. I actually take it to Carl's. Take it to a kind of heavily screen calls. Once again, we go into this embarrassment factor. Why have anybody on there, okay? Why the hell not just sit around a three of them doing their usual thing and did them with each other and the fake argument and stroke at each other? Why bring anybody in there? Who just got to toss some softballs? Like a goddamn wini roast. Who's going to bring them marshmallows? Probably beful. I'm choking on it. I'm telling you, John Henry's people left that jerky. Here's some rise, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I was just wondering, I tell you, I wasn't in a holiday spirit until I just finished watching the Rockford files. Yeah. Rick Sanchez comes on, given children presence with four US decorated marines behind him saloon him. And I feel like, hey, you're still in the past. There you go. I mean, four and I didn't run any of them over, did he? I'm a veteran and I looked at some of the metals and I think some were of high prestigious metal avoners and I'd say if you really want to have a great last, why to find that commercial. They'll be on sort of rest of the season, but five US marines. So you can Rick Sanchez, give it to me. Okay, that's what you just said. Thank you. You've done already? Yeah, the guy that says I'm too short with a call. He told us the first time it wasn't like, scintillating him where this guy was in prison.