Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. He's a talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for Nate and Broward, or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guest callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley read acquisitions or the Beesley broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560 QAAM. President Clinton is about to address the nation in a rare evening news conference for White House. Everything participating questions about White Water. Ladies and gentlemen, President of United States. Good evening ladies and gentlemen. What's this? Yes, sir in the bus. Yeah, I don't know if it's relevant, but I got another underwork question. I think it is highly relevant. Cool. Could you show us your underwear? Could I do it? Yes, I do. Those are great. Glomodard bowl minkles. Is Janet Reno seen those? I have asked Janet Reno to look at it. That's great. Well, thanks for the show. Thank you for asking. You see it. I was an officer for one month. But yeah, I'm here. Hello. My face is too many sun. It's nice and soft. I can't help you. Be happy, everybody. Be as a chastolic priest. Who just ignored me please. Just like I've found the body. Nobody done? What's the brief attitude? After that time we'll all... ...will involve miracles down the day. They have been down on my knees. Oh, right. They can do the other things. Come on and pass the pain. I want to get down on your knees. Father's on to time to see. Your one eye is one to the bottom of my heart of me. I was an officer for one month. Oh, for one of the weird words you say. I don't use that number. And I'm still not a gay guy on your main. And I think I don't got any. It was a catch-up of the priest. I'm so sad, but I'm so sorry. Please, I can't stop my body. Hello, three of the five six UWQ. Happy year Wednesday. By the way, let's see how observant this audience is today. Let's see just how carefully these people are watching last night. Which all of us were watching. We stated you made a dress last night and it's a charity right here. Next we were. Who was the last person standing right there in the doorway? Because it made it as he wandered out after the speech and shaking hands with everybody. It was a very slight slap at him in high-fiving in the grab-up. Who was the last typical person? I don't want to give any clues like banana colored outfit. That was there with a big smile on her post. I don't know if that was her daughter or who the hell I was with her there. Making sure that she was taking advantage of the photo opportunity. Smiling for the camera and just practically squeezing the president's jettles there. She was just falling. I don't want to give any hints. I don't want to say guilty rat in there. I don't want to give any clues. Who was that in the doorway there? Just as he was about to leave the chamber. Who was that unbelievable banana colored piece of crap? Any interest yet? Anybody call it the answer? Come on, let's go. Let's hear it. By the way, thanks to the morning crew for facts and you're. Or for a great postcard they got. This is beautiful. We don't get a lot of mail on this station because probably, especially the sports shows I wouldn't imagine. Good too much mail because most of those people can't, you know, read or write. By the way, nice go on. Baba on at social promotion last night. I really say social security was the most important thing you talked about last night. They got the first half, the first word right. Social security wasn't the most important thing you mentioned last night. Social promotion was the most important thing you talked about last night. And I'm trying to remember if those constipated Republicans who seem to have crazy glue in their chairs and couldn't get their asses about the seats except for a Sammy Sosa and Rosa Parks but other than that, they couldn't get their asses about the seats and for Hillary of course. Because they're terrified of her. But I'm trying to remember if they actually stood up. Well, I mean, matter of fact, I'm sure they didn't stand or a pro for that because they're anti education. So all the things that the president talked about having to do with public education. They just sat there like, oh, is this over again or what, you know. And wasn't that interesting too, by the way, speaking of constipated Republicans. Watching how most of the time they sat on their asses and you saw this tremendous political division over Democrats with standing relations and they're a public and city little bit of polite applause, maybe. And then every now and then one of them would see, they must have monitors in that chamber. They must be aware when the cameras are on them. Like that Kennedy and a couple of the other real right wing assholes. And air, if you want to know how they would look at all and all of a sudden they'd start air, a little more enthusiasm because they could tell the camera was on. But here's a great postcard, by the way. Anybody got the answer or a question might have a big prize for it, but I doubt it might be. My, me be, Chelo. Hello. Yes. I just want to make a comment on Ilyana Gross late in the spotlight last night. She stole it. Yeah. With that banana colored outfit, hers. I can not, I mean, she can, but barely against the president. Right. So, the guy who was a little girl was a little girl, was that her kid? It's got a little daughter. I think it's her daughter. This man is weird. Isn't that nice? She's there. A photo opportunity with her little punky kid without president. This is a technique technique. And in my column, that tight ass, uh, and Trump thermonated all retired. Did you, did you, did you, when he talked about, uh, did you see when he made a photo. You know, president, eh? It's a technique technique. And in my column, that tight ass, uh, and Trump thermonated all retired. Did you, did you, did you, when he talked about, uh, did you see when he made the comment about in the year 2020 or whatever it was thought about? And the president, whoever he or she is in the place when nuts and Trump thermon said they're like, like, like, ah, ah, what a concept. Trump thermon, it was hard. It's all he could do to not like throw things when he talked about, wrote the parks. Yeah. Because Trump thermonated one of the, uh, he and the, he and Bob Bird, which are on the old clan, the magazines. I don't know. All right. All right. Okay. Thanks for your push the cases out there. You go right off the back. Oh, so was that God. The most animals in Adenna, there last night, Iliana Gross, Layton and you phony bitch, phony phony, ass sucking, too big bitch. That's what you are. Okay. A professional pan to her. She ought to be working at the Harold in a spare time. She ought to be charged to the guy they've editorial page. And also she's been charge of the character-practive department over there. Because they bend over backwards so much at the Harold, and wearing. You slimey little bitch-you. Iliana Gross Layton. Uh-uh. Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, Yeah. She's been one of the most, got a, oh, vocal critic. But after he's come out of there. And everybody is krulling for this. I mean, he played them like a fiddle last night. He was laughing at these right wing, Republican-he's constipated phony hypocrites there, as they set their glues to their seats. And then the one time, they actually finally got up. actually finally got up over something like you know God and Mother in the country something they couldn't possibly resist with an ovation and he made the comment about gee I like that kind of tea to talk to over here one side of the other laughing at him nice going Baba I think it to him sweetheart you know I was never that much of a big of a fan of here to begin with I thought he was okay he was the buffer he was the buffer that kept this away from the right wing fascist complete take over you know something as time goes on I like him better every day how do you like that I like Baba a lot and any guy that's up there getting blow jobs in his spare time can't be all bad any what those wrong with that I think most Americans secretly admire that which by the way Ellen Goodman's got a great oh God great comedy you see about this uh this doctor that got fired from the a journal the American Medical Association the Jama because you did this research on what college students think is the constitution sex and discovered that 60% of the study she did 60% of college students think that all sex is in sex there's a lot of interesting stuff and you're okay I mean we know that all sex is in sex isn't it? No of course not which I think ought to make the priest a hell of a lot happier today huh right that's right blow job is in sex it's just a bonding a little bit but what are you laughing about or a blow job is not sex getting a no dating to blow no blow you right remember that song I remember that who's the same song did that used to be done it and then alcohol the Susan of a busy and Boston years ago on dating myself now yeah he's the same at getting a blow you whatever you know when you dress his bright and breezy whatever it goes up and air like Marilyn Monroe was that will be Kat on a hot-ton roof was that the one seven-year-age no the dress blown up that was seven-year-age trust me was that Liz Taylor was she was standing on the on the subway great great on the great yeah seven the most I said it was great I said who here I like the wee wee I never see it I heard all the reasons I know that it will hurt inside I don't that need to file and I never have tried I just hope that little too he does in our positive say you people say it's a quick scene like the chivalry and you see that's why when I see guys I get it in a wretched I'll say this right this way whenever I see you say it through new that a mess but it's a game you play around some fun and love it I'm saying I was like two of me and it's back in tiny where I'll be with baby I know it's I'm not late we're not below so come on baby well you fuck back him 15 to 5 60 W2M so here's this postcard that they fact over from the warning show to all you nice gentlemen this is addressed to Jeff DeFlor still rose in the gold steam gold steam not with the first name oh by the way do we wish happy birthday to guilty yet today somebody ought to happy birthday guilty in spite of that voice but anyway here's the postcard that says to all you nice gentlemen thank all you folk for the informative sport information keep in mind this is one of the sports crowd now okay one of the sports nerds we all want you to work at five 60 W2M we enjoy your program Mike Ranieri had a job at Waxy radio and he should have stayed there Neil Rogers hates in capital letters hates all of you or as everybody knows he hates work works Daniel Rick and Sus kiss Neil's anson given a BJ whenever Neil demands good luck sign Charlie and friends and I'm a side of the car just because they ran out of room Neil try to get work Daniel's fired you also fired from job okay I do like that I'm trying to get the morning team fired I'm trying to be the building with us today today was supposed to be the big moment of stay our program director such as he is and boy he is uh... bless Lindsay was here yesterday afternoon to a clock reminding me that he had a lot of work to do with the other billy what's his excuse going to be now by the way once they all move over into this building upstairs because he's been using that for thirteen months on me and I'm sure for a lot longer than everybody else all well uh... you know I'm not even in this building I'm over there you know I'm not here on there on that whatever you know like a shadow boxing routine now you see him now you don't anyway told me that the worst he was going to be doing a show upstairs this one where they up there now as we continue having just a few little problems first it was going to be what I know realize that we're uh... q a m okay it's the great readaway but like the consultant used to tell me at the end of the day as soon as somebody uses that expression with me at the end of the day I know that they're full of crap that's one of the great procrastinating lines in history at the end of the day to give them a time sooner or later he might get something done like our program the end of the day so thanks for a fact in the over that great postcard from charlie in his buddies well i'm sure listening right now by the way some of the book Daniels by the way that i mentioned yesterday that jiffy says book Daniels show stuff he was at the back of the house of the president uh... it didn't be two periods of the buffalo game tonight and uh... the jiffy the uh... big fat tubular from the sales department over there told everybody that the book then the show brought us on uh... on the whatever they call stupid talk okay here's a nasty stuff about some minister in jins and beaches and they trouble will get to that god we got just way too much stuff here i'm sending us somebody else but anyway social promotion let me act you okay water great thing he said last night about how she why should any young person in this country get a diploma from high school and then not be able to read it nice going baba like something i've been saying for the last five hundred years preaching over and over again with all this bubonics crap i would like to suggest because we have many you'd be amazed at how many dark complex and people we have in this list of the audience he'd be shocked uh... that's right i would like to suggest you okay before anything else stop saying acts that one one day at a time let's take this one day at a time and on a reverse of parks who set up their last night my school and rosy we're used to get up on the suit on a bus thank god for rosy okay but anyway and on a was somebody one day at a time on water the time stops saying words that don't exist stop mispronouncing words stop letting your kids be functionally illiterate by the way it's not only young people fifty percent way to hear this one picked up this info over the weekend reading a very interesting article fifty percent of all american sixty five years and older are functionally illiterate all right not just in soft for either by the way fifty percent one out of two every american sixty five or over is functionally and that they be functionally illiterate so that part that he was talking about right education that was the most important part and that's when the republicans really just blew that they screwed themselves down in the ground in those chairs i didn't realize that they had the swivel chairs in congress there but they were like swirbling down in the ground making sure that their asses are mainly blue the chair because when it comes to education i mean they're not too fun of that they like task cuts for the rich which sounds okay to me not that i'm rich but uh... closer to that side than poverty tax cuts sounds good but that's not worth that and they and you know that's how they really in fact cannot start must have been like spinning cartwheel somewhere must have been having a risk breakdown since he was one of the attorneys for the tobacco companies which is one of the many reasons he explained it like poison and when you started talking about the fact that the justice department is going to file a federal lawsuit against the tobacco companies then the republicans just just they were underground some of them actually went underground they had to start crawling out from underneath the chairs was incredible and then they did the thing uh... they're toward the end of the speech where he did the thing about uh... all americans deserve equal protection and the the heat the crimes law and yati adi and about people based on race and sexual orientation and bony fag with i i'm gonna tell you something i look like he was sucking out of person he was so excited because he always looked like he's sucking out of person or something but he was just a falling at the mouth it was just quite a night okay and again the polls this morning the numbers they're showing on see it and through the roof up to the roof baby now let's just hope alan greenspan that's right he's uh... he on their now he's supposed to be speaking ten o'clock this morning let's hope he doesn't screw it up i opened up a big stupid mouth this morning we want that market up at least another two hundred points today and it's got a long way to go i'll be too many ricketer part of how to do for more stuff that people sent me today here's a great article from a the new york times when did you seven nice bitter late the neighbor about been about ice cream and then in juries in particular which i'll get to also they're counting now they're counting this new a diet pill which sounds real appetizing to me he heard about this one it's called orlostat trade name genicaal it's been judged safe and effective out for the u.s. market by an advisory panel the fda who must have stock a little of a company makes this all hopman lorosh hopman lorosh the fda usually follows devices recommendations and hopman lorosh expected a decision very very soon meaning you're docked you'll be ready to prescription for this since he can't give you no fenn for any more no read up some fenn but they want to talk in this morning about this great drug and what is it do it helps again that this goes back to this madness they have about dietary fat it helps to avoid that the absorption of a fat of a i think of it said about a third of the fat that you consume the only problem is that there are side effects from orlostat okay have you heard the side effects intentional cramping yes and orlostat tools other than that it's great let me say it again intestinal cramping a cramping yes i mean lots and lots and and orlostat right wow orlostat yeah so if you did the wrong restaurant you might look down your pant leg the scuba you had the orlostat bird oh yeah orlostat which may not get said good for like yet rid of it just slide right out there like like crazy like like spray another teplons for you right up your uh... oh back to right so there you go if you wanted to check with you doctor it'll be out any day now in hopman lorosh will be making a lot of money and buy the stock orlostat trade names in account some more more bullcraft more lives by the way and i don't want to i don't want to get on the dieting again but i will just for one second you know very serious who's written this book called the zone and then five hundred other orlostones which yeah everybody in the butter is read the book and putting me i think it's uh... i don't know kind of a rip off the actin very similar but not exactly the same his newest book called the anti-aging zone and anyway there are a couple of things in here that just make me want to be in my pants that i just thought i would mention just a you can believe it or not is the case maybe one of the reasons because everybody that goes on the actin's including my doctor uh... bitch about the fact that you gain the weight back so much faster you know when you go off the diet than on any other diet and that's true it says research is indicated that the longer you stay in ketosis the more your fat cells of that so that they are transformed into fat magnets becoming ten times more active and accumulating fat ten times more active so in other words once you go off the actin and you start going back on the other stuff ten times faster on the actin's you'll gain the weight back so for those of you are shaking your heads literally and figuratively wondering what it what what's the problem here that's the reason also he says something that gives me great pause and by the way get those dad so does on a hook him that'd be drinking only my soul a water from cell phone only from now on in this building those are for me what those were for me what do you mean they were for you for you for a whole or you just decided you like there for their their their die of pepsia like die of pepsia yeah but they're not caffeine free by the way though but when you hear this i mean doesn't make it a different feel but fat farts like me it's a and especially diabetics it says some insulin is pre-stored and granules which can be released rapidly we're stored by your body this gives rise to what is known as the first phase response anything that interacts with the sweet receptors in the mouth including artificial sweeteners will signal for the early release of this stored insulin into the bloodstream and anticipation that proper hydrates will shortly end of the system put it like that so even diabetics so does can cause your blood sugar to go i want to skyrocketing but to go creeping up again because then your body anticipates something sweet and sticky is coming in the mouth real soon always gets me back to the benninger is which will get into and also when do scored scores monica business okay 10 26 and 5 60 w q a m Rogers that ever take off your underwear only to find a great big old brown stain yeah man it happens to all of us it could be the fact that you didn't wipe your ass good enough or it could be hemorrhides yep well the intro to the same magic fingers the all new analitement the cure hemorrhidal edge magic finger right little dad there and we're rubbed between your cheeks yeah yeah that's the better magic fingers the new analitement the cure hemorrhidal edge because it's about time you've got off your ass and did something about those hemorrhides hey people see it big and then the hall there man then you get your fingers all stink and oh it's a bad deal magic fingers it does the scratching so you don't have to magic fingers because it's a bitch oh you got it and oh I think any of the guys in the NBA ever had a magic finger in their back home well that's something we can inject your I guess pick it up the NBA by the way which I don't really want to do it but I just I am just nauseated and revolted and disgusted but you know it shouldn't surprise anybody at the fact that there are people allegedly with an IQ larger than their penis size in this town talking about it even writing articles in the paper about oh gee is the shame that the heat didn't get latrine's pretty well you see it doesn't make any difference what an I've told you this before how big a scumbag the guy is but as long as you think he can play for your team or as long as you think that he can entertain you then that's great that's the American fucking way like these asshole these morons including some of you that wasted 45 or 50 bucks to watch the vault of the month fight on Saturday with the lot let me say it again like I said yesterday the lowest form on the not even on the human on the subhuman food chain iron mic scumbag doing his jury spinger routine at the end of the first round with a big fat outer shaped pilot turret okay wow that was really that was worth a 50 bucks wasn't it no so in any way there you go with your NBA crap okay when their magic fingers in their back home each others yeah two bad we didn't get latrine oh gee maybe we could get Lawrence Phillips teaching out of playback support okay so anyway Ellen Goodman says technical sex she says well well here it is the first anniversary of life with Monica and someone finally got fired in a kind of sex no not him behind the adult who were alleging are lecturing us about broken oaths not Bob Bar the twice divorced champion of the offensive marriage act not even built Clinton the man fired is Dr. George Lungberg editor of the journal of the American Medical Association Lungberg was canned after 17 years for printing a survey in this week's jay jama showing that 60% of college students think that oral sex is in sex the AMA similarly ditched the editor who brought jama from medical backwaters to the two cutting edge for inappropriately and inexcusably interjecting jama in a way major political debate that has nothing to do with science or medicine as for the notion that AMA is political this group traces of truth back to the days when doctors played golf on Wednesday afternoon and considered medicare socialized medicine remember last year when the AMA wanted to endorse products for sunbeam back in 1991 when Clinton was in Arkansas and Monica Lewinsky was still in the high school the studies co-author Dr. Judy Ryanish was worrying about high risk sex among college undergraduates the issue was aids in STDs not impeachment but accurate information was hard to assess if you asked students whether they had sex how could you evaluate their answer what was their definition of sex why not then was directing the kinsian institute who's wonderful folks shocked my parents and generates the 1948 with that about masturbation see joys on elders this time the researchers act 599 students the answers specific questions would you say you had sex with someone if the most intimate behavior when gaged in was blank the students were then to give a list of options every one agreed that intercourse counted but 2% also thought that kissing was having sex while 18% thought that anal intercourse was not yeah joys writing that down okay he must have been one of those in the survey and 60% of these conservative students didn't think that all sex was doing it somewhere between the 1st and 2nd Clinton administration the researchers broke his news to doctors and various conferences then last January as wine is remembers we all hear these pundits lawyers and senators saying very strongly that all Americans believe that all sex is sex we had the data to show this wasn't true so they finally wrote it up sent their paper for the usual peer review process and had it accepted the rest is history as his lumber he's can he's out I was not also surprised that 60% of young people didn't kind of think but in a course having you heard of technical virginity wine is asked there's also something called technical fidelity so what is sex asked Ellen goodman there's no right answer it's what people think it is is why this her definition of an unfaithful husband is like mine I tell my husband it's if he's has a romantic candle at dinner this all reminds me of the wonderful moment after my pre-Christmas speech in Hawaii when a woman with a thick vini's accent brought down the house with a complaint that she didn't understand all this talk about sex in America in Europe she said this isn't sex it's for a play maybe the Republicans are right maybe this impeachment isn't about sex after all says Ellen goodman here all today nice going Ellen so 60% of college students in a survey say that all sex isn't sex well so that's a majority right so majority of the college students would agree with the president evidently they would testify the same way we didn't have sexual relations we didn't even have sex because it was just a few blow jobs and the part about 18% thought anal all those must have been the humans that that no certainly those must have been the two-man students in that school 18% thought anal intercourse was not sex yeah that had to be because you know that the practice the bit we already did that survey on the show that's the part of their hearts desire is the right male female whatever okay let's take a call in the call spring so I mean yes sir you don't great first of all I want to say I think I need to get some new friends I call them friends up last night find out they're watching the stadium you know they're all watching like you know you stupid half-hour shit comes on TV so I guess God really that concern they sit down you know but anyway iliano last night did you see when they when he walked by after the photo how she she was caught in her pants she was telling she was she was what about the young the I told and bubbling she was ever vessent it was wild I don't get it what do you mean you don't get it she's a pander like like all her other pizons she's a pander apparently is good right wingers man the thing that I like most about speech was everything he's looking to do is for the future and when you listen to the republicans afterward they want to do stuff for now for now and then they you know put Steve a margin on there he's not I hate guys I didn't watch that oh he you would you would have you would have poked on your shoes had you seen when he was coming this morning they had Jim running on there one of the morning talking had chosen and last night they got Steve large enough and then what's the black what is that is named the black congressman from Oklahoma who's become who was in jail for eight million different things and all of a sudden as a good right wing born again the black congressman I'm not sure but the large and last night he was talking about how he graduated college and he married high school sweetheart and the country is all about God and I was just like I can't believe they they they offered all these ideas up to rebut the president but never said how they were going to get it done you know I mean the president had a lot of great ideas and yeah most of them probably won't get done because you won't have to help him Congress president I think I think large and was doing Jim's arm when he was playing for the Seattle I really think they were doing each other I believe that at least the guy had ways of getting things done he gave you ideas yeah and it just you know the other thing was a funny frank last night talk about ready to score his pants and see him clap and that just mentioned that yeah okay well I read that okay you're beating my material sure he was cruelling like I said look like he was sucking on a big persimmons we have an open line and brought it to invade command let's hear it for our president they let's hear for alien aggroce late and come on let's get with it and there's uh I don't understand because Alan Greens bands on their ping on the parade again saying well it's going to be difficult for the stock market to sustain these uh these numbers in these games but in the meantime not the markets going up to in between you must be saying something else what does he say on their Alan Greens band real quick can be crows calm frank and then oh you're on a one channel turn on the 270 or five real quick 275 we don't want to see that that candy fully again 275 275 275 it's not working there okay okay okay I'm off with the reason old he's an old fart he makes me sick of my stomach six acres seconds could make it 1045 and 560 WCM you're right I'm starting to get a little uh uh that again it isn't here make no mistake about it put it on the record whatever the problem is it is in this room right here in this goddamn room anyway here's the fact this is I was screaming at that rosanne danna but it's whilst you uh drilled over Clinton with that little fat uh obnoxious kid last night I hope you get to run out of town on a rail by a fanatic right wing friend Clinton was terrific last night oh here's what it says I've heard you talk about congressman Kennedy and his resemblance to a peat the assassin bouldier I never saw him until yesterday and you were absolutely correct is what it says absolutely correct Kennedy is the same kind of b-eyed shift the arrogant weasel boulders is some of what stab his own mother father children siblings in the back for the slightest personal gain it made me sick just looking at him inside addition is made Kennedy's behavior the all at the all of garden national news you know that waiters that was bought that puppy hondes back and he tried to get a respire and then denied it and lied about it not that uh child's candidate or peat boulders or whatever lied to us of course 560 560 pomp 560 on the mobile one line what are we doing now George what are we doing welcoming Jason to our studio oh great how are you doing Jason who's got a big box in his hand of crap and what are we doing with all the crap I was just making a space for the counter for them to put their stuff temporarily okay so another was moving now during this show we're going to be doing the moving over process great let's hear it let's we could broadcast this live on here we're going to discover the content of all the boxes over there from the other building incredible here's Hollywood hello Neil yes sir yeah one time listener first time caller okay and I remember called the sushi got me stabbed with a boy yeah he was great okay the reason I called back in 1977 my son worked in the senate post office in strong sermon had just either gotten married or had none of the child and at that time around the senate and throughout capital hill senator sermon had a nickname and it was sperm sermon yeah and that's how we refer to words of this day that's right and that's all I have to say and God bless you thank you and have a great day sperm sermon 96 years old they still doing how do you like that this this is going to be a short show today look at that in fact we can let the we can let Hank show people all moving here right about eleven o'clock let's just run all of let's do what they do on the morning show let's just back up all the spots now we should be done by about eleven fifteen huh no let's run all like they do on the morning show and spider-watt buffalo and he keeps threatening you do not have to do any morning still do it like almost every morning and back up all the spots for the end of the hour and then we'll come on and say goodbye about eleven twenty and then they can now come in here we can just broadcast and moving of all the stuff from the other building into our temporary studio over there together when we're judged it because here's our last call from Columbus Ohio hello Neil yes sir I call you the day I moved away from plantation to come up the Columbus over the summer and I've been without your voice on the radio and I don't have it on the Odeon that but my buddy well maybe I'll just come up there and do the show because it's you're the only colleague on it's from out of town this is all that it yesterday I do the pop out burrating no interest none whatsoever they don't know who he is so this is you know I'm on the outs for this time well I'm a manager all I get up here at a box for they don't print anything about the hotkey well don't don't mention the eights were in please anyway I read that my buddy's not sending me videotapes to the TV show when I if he showed his story the TV show is off it's done it's out well I got six hours worth of tape and I keep washing it over and over again right in any case I read the book was right that you recommend right and it was a real eye opener and it was an article in the Columbus tape for this week about Cory Blanc from the Lakers it said he was pulled over by a trooper because the tinting was too dark on his windows and they just happened to have a drug dog so the dog did it's a thing that didn't find any drugs but found 19,000 cash which states took away from him you know to get the money back the owner of the cash has to take the court the cops to court to prove otherwise now this is interesting the police undoubtedly was in the vein the citizens began stealing squad cars and returning them only when the cops prove the vehicles were not being used for donut runs but the rules upon the citizens did not apply to authorities maybe that's why we have so many authorities yeah anyway that comes up in a nutshell it's a police day baby I've been told people that for years they think it's some kind of a job the american fucking way that's right so God and police day they do whatever it only wants anyway after six months and not hearing you I can only say Neil God and I'll call back and maybe you put me on hold one day to get another dose okay thanks buddy okay there's a guy's free to zan stop and Columbus Ohio he appreciates the show he's calling down here these bastards down in date and broad same old story you know same old tired story every day of my life what's that to judge is that your stub insurance cards it's a 20th of January shouldn't you be getting your stub today not that I want to be track of these things you ought to be getting your stub today mister you better watch it so in other words this ongoing process is going to take place now during our show the next four hours they're going to be slipping around here running around with boxes full of crap not a lot I don't it is Hank doing his show here today no no but the control room will be this room although there can be this control room during Hank show today okay five six seven five fifty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's West Palm Beach hello hello yes sir I did watch the fate of a dress last night of a dress yeah yeah blue dress the state of her dress that's her dress the point I'm making a bill is I've been a Republican since 1980 and my wife and I this morning till the back of our voter situation voter administration card and we still have for a new party which will be Democrat I was I would I saw yesterday with this guy the split really there made a point of education in different points of view which which were outstanding which needs to be the change that need to be done in this in this country and those guys those Republicans the sit on there and the shed on the ranch you know and they give you and I don't know what happened at the beginning there but you know that he had worked no it was going to heckling like before the state of testing has started had to be one of Republicans for the point itself it's just I mean we all should work together and try to work something out here and then stop the name calling and the a star foot spaces and everything else enough of the enough and I never again I will put both Republicans never just sir okay and have a great life listen yes and I want to say go ahead quick okay get out of here we have an open line in brown all three and eight five six and he was going so well or two you don't know any of the staff and stuff in the foot yeah yeah yeah they were showing I wanted the many millions of clips again you know they keep having to replay the the testimony front of the grand jury and his bubble looking real pasty and then I was getting longer and I'm looking at this and I'm getting really angry the idea the idea that he had a sit there and testify about who did what to whom and was there a cigar involved and that he stick his finger reader back home did she I mean what are we talking about sexual macartheism isn't understatement man you're a Republican party those of you people are still involved all 10 of you has been taken over by a bunch of hypocritical maniacs by a bunch of uppite sexually frustrated lunatics here's the president of the supposedly the greatest free country in the world sitting there and he's got to answer all of these personal questions about how inappropriate was the relationship and did she do this and did he try to arouse her and did she have an orgasm and was it good and was it multiple orgasms on and on and on no wonder the rest of the world is looking at us like we've lost our minds here like we're crazy and the thing that really is astonishing is that we've gotten this far and seven or eight minutes now they're going to continue with the defense lawyers speaking of the center that we've actually had two articles of impeachment passed by the house without seeing any witnesses by the way they had all those 60,000 pages so they claim although now they want the Senate to call witnesses they had plenty of ample evidence and now we have an impeachment trial going on in the Senate over blow jobs you know something this is so unspeakable and the fact that the media continue presenting this like this makes some sense and we still hear nothing absolutely nothing about Linda Tripp and the illegal recordings of the phone calls and about Kenneth Starr and his work for the tobacco companies and all the other conflict and interest that he had and the people that put him in there in the first place like Jesse Holmes and lock clerk for a cloth from North Carolina don't hear any of that and they'll stick you know James Carvella on the talking head shows on Sunday morning and yeah he is a goofball or at least he comes off that wave and it was book was very good by the way about the and the horsey road and on about Ken Stark great book little book take half an hour to read but they stick him on everybody's eye he's just you know he's a goofball he's just a crumudge and he's just a silly guy and he's taught exactly what this has been all about but the media man they continued doodifully reporting this in a very solemn and somber way like well you know the long reco zone who knows what they could have that's the scary part because no person in his or its right mind could possibly believe that we could have gotten to the trouble right now oh but he lied about blow jobs he lied about uh was it really sex is it this and is it that and the set of and so on give me a freaking break already okay grow the hell up I hope that but before the end of the week I hope Larry flint out another 500 guys okay present congressman past congressman future congressman when it does drag him out Larry here's a mobile and pooper shitty hello good morning Neil yes sure uh is that is the bargain fest in old studio clothes and down for good on chair of the street I don't know what they're gonna do in there okay I think that I think they're gonna convert it over to the roach motel I've had it every day as an high source yeah and you'll be inside Neil through all this uh draw this above the gate all we can hope is they to the country will grow up uh it's you know popular rumor that there's only you know several hundred very influential Republicans very wealthy Republicans behind all this and that's why it just keeps pushing on against the will of the people right uh I've I've always been a Democrat never staunch Democrat but I think the Republicans are just are terrible what they're doing uh we've been subjected to this for twenty fifteen to twenty years and most of the people don't care what other people do between themselves they don't care about race they just want to live their lives do no harm as you say and maybe the country will grow up that's the best thing we can hope most of the obvious that is immature as the public is they're hello they're light years ahead of the right wing Republicans that's for the answer you know you remember in the early 70s I was a kid and uh these bumper stickers popped up I found it yeah do you remember that and we didn't know what that meant well these people were the lunatic fringe and they what they found was God and and we looked at these people and locked yeah we're made now go about in the country yeah I've said that a minute times okay if I have a great day okay one call after the board like I said would just stand up all the spots and then we'll make way for the people that are moving to the movers yeah we got the movers from uh the other building make it a bring some of the roaches over they can meet with the answer we got over here I saw he said with say they get up your ass stop start it up I'll click on the cast up hard to get a loop a voice in case you just go rotation the little size heads you make the ball the effects of your aurora great and then it's went around swan around don't let two rye put her position or the fallers and all right try her here as you push my late back now she's ready to go I'm a scant of the fearless dance. That's what I call for the drug. Starting from the beat you run and time up a side. You get a little bit more if you chase me just a little bit. That can make some hope and make them real alright. And then you spoil around, they spoil around from web to full right. One more thing, so this is called a whole lot of time. A rake of fiber is as you push your legs back. Now he's ready for cold, time for give or a stab. That's what I call for the drug. It's better than your hand, when you got it, get off. It's somewhat of chapter 11 at 5.60. WQM Hankle be here from the show as I think today. Now he will not be in the building, but nevertheless, well we're doing a little crossover, okay, a little cross dressing today. And then we got a six or five booster for an hour and seven to clock tonight to pick and show. Panthers at the islanders, Pat Valbor, you know who he is? Anybody know? I don't know. But you may or may not play, I doubt it tonight. Here's a Del Rey B. Chilla. Do you have a big spony in history of American politics? What is it? Still questioning the biggest spony in history of American politics? Yeah. Why do you support this man is the young? That based on what? Based on what? We have you been the last... So don't give me a lot of where have I been? Based on what? He's a phony about what? It was funny about everything. This is a guy. Give me something to answer. All right, you will. Don't give me glorious generalizations here. Give me something tangible. That's my head on. Very simple. How I can support him. He likes 70% of the rest of the public. How I can support him? It's possibly just me, is that it? Can I finish? But how can he ask me how I can support him? When the overwhelming majority of the public supports him? Just because they're not educated on all of the facts. I guess we're all going on as smart as you. Okay, we'll give us the facts. Very simple. Yes. He had Rosa Parks there last night, correct? Yeah. Okay. Do you know that Arkansas is one of the only two states that you never said. I hate to break the news, the okay. The Robert Robert Bird was once remembered the Ku Klux plan. Okay, that's a long time ago. Boba isn't governor of Georgia anymore. Okay. A parking cell, whether he'll do the same difference. A parking cell. He's not the governor anymore. Okay. The go golfing. As governor. Yeah. Only 70 years ago. At all white golf course. Wow. What does that make you feel hypocritious? Yeah. And. And many other ways is the phony. Well, it looks half similar. That the first one doesn't mean anything to me. Means nothing. He's not governor of Arkansas anymore. Linda Johnson was a racist in Texas too. And then he was the one at that got to civil rights legislation passed in 1964. Here taught me stuff that happened 20 years ago. It's been up to 47 years ago. What's all difference is a may. It's sort of that means nothing to you. No, it doesn't mean anything. What means what means to me is what he's doing the last six years is president. That's all I care about. I don't give a crap money didn't Arkansas. And he's a fact that he pumps you down and killed innocent people when we found Okay, have a great day pal. Have a great life. Oh, this guy reaching and reaching and reaching. He killed innocent people just like we killed innocent people in Iraq. I hate to break the news user innocent people die. That's the world that we live in. I know that no other president has ever dropped bombs anywhere in kill innocent people. So let's say I'm teaching for that. Not for blow jobs. There you go. Unbelievable. We have an open line in Broward to and date. How can I support this man? He's such a phony about. I'm not. Because we're all stupid in your smart. And then you give me a solid advance about how he played golf at some restricted club in Arkansas somewhere. Like that has to do with something that he was Rosa Parks. Open line in Broward to and date. 5.6705. 6.6 and pound by 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady mobile and Hollywood. Hello. I got to follow that. Yes. Wonderful. I have learned from him that he just teaches all of your hypocrisy. Well, my eyes are open now. I thought he was awesome last night. Yeah. I thought it was great. That's why that's what this guy is pissed off about. You can tell by the voice. This guy is just the sour grapes all the way. Right. Well, I'm not going to be to dead horse because I mean, you know, we can rehash or rehash. It's not going to change anything people are generally stupid. But I didn't know if you thought I think that was last week and I didn't get to call you. I don't know if you spoke about it. You know, the Department of Transportation is changing the road signs along the expressways. The overhead signs to make the lettering larger. No. Who are seniors citizens? For the blind people. Yeah. Because they can't see very well. No. This is the answer to my hand, whoever. Yeah. It was in the newspaper. Yes. We are helping our less cited people who drive along our way. Well, sure. Even people who've got barely any vision. They got to get around. They got to get to the early bird. They got to get to where the hell are going? Yes. Well, it's true. There will be larger so that they can see them better. All right. A little scary thought for you. Thanks for the good news. Can I get our shameless request? Maybe. Don't forget the team. Okay. Okay. Have a good day. And you too. I open line of Broward 2 a day. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, On the AT&T wireless line. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to say that I think Hillary was right. And that is good men stand by and do nothing. That's the danger. Yeah. We should out these guys and the story of the same. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Hillary was right. It's a right wing conspiracy, baby. And she went on there and said, Oh, she's crazy. She told her she's talking about. And of course it is. But nobody wants to hear from that. Open line and Broward all three and day. Boy, this is going to be another one of these days, baby. I mean, you know, nothing going on. I thought yesterday it was the fact that we're talking about Palm Bell Burrina was a hockey thing. Oh, it's got nothing to do with it. It doesn't make any difference. What it is that I'm talking about. It's the same response. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T, why I was talking. I keep forgetting what the show is all about. That's my problem. Even though I've been doing it a hundred years, I keep forgetting what it's all about. Neal is here to needle the audience seeing praying that he might be able to prod them into a few phone calls just enough to get us to 1122 when we'll back up all the spots. So that a hand kit. No, what's wrong with that? If I have to follow like an hour with the spots, like can't hang through it. Not that I want to do with the hand. You don't deserve it. But if I have to follow routine like that, and then to get in factors of postcards that I'm trying to get the worst team fired just because Defo is paranoid and insecure, I'm trying to get those guys fired. I mean, what kind of crap is because I go on a year and I said, Mike, were you serious coming? Is there anybody stupid enough to believe that? Yeah, change is crazy. All right, so Phil Henry is going to be here for boy first two and more. I mean, we're not supposed to let out of the bag. Are you sure positive? But I mean, you know, if you want to play a tough one, maybe you want to back those spots up to the end of the hour every guy at the end day. And despite of the fact we got a program director, who continues since he's worked here long enough to become a professional liar, telling me that isn't going to happen again. And he's talked to this one and everybody here just laughs at him. Okay, just fly away. Bluffs, they're just float away, okay, which he does very well. He's like our recipe floats. Just float off into the distance and don't bother. Oh, I was just floating out of here anyway because I got to get back to the building. We're packing. Yeah, it's all of this is the only man I've ever met in my life who was saying goodbye before he finishes saying hello. He's already saying goodbye because if he doesn't say goodbye right away, he might have to deal with something. So before he finishes, hello, you know, it's the Beatles. Hello, goodbye. It's the same deal. That should be a steam song. Comes in here yesterday with a song a dance like he's involved like he's doing something for us over here. You're doing something for me. All right, give me a migraine is what you're doing. Maybe that's what I got. Maybe that's what I got. Maybe that's what I must be allergic to it. To it. As it puts the lotion in the basket. And I've bet he does. Nine minutes after 11 at five, 60 W to Q a M. How do you think you all got to job? There's no fact in the current. The American Cheesecast over my due to everything takes better with cheese. I hate broccoli except when my mom now gets cheddar cheese on top. Then I even ask for seconds. Yes, there's nothing like cheese. It makes things taste terrific. I'm a side-show geek in a circus and I ground glass for a living. My secret, I top the shards with great promise on. It tastes great and the cheese helps to absorb the blood. That's right. Nothing tops things off like a big, sweaty glob of cheese. My husband likes me to, you know, do him. But I hate the taste. So I just wrap it into the visual slice from the American cheese. It goes down easy. Can that make the easier to go down? Cheese makes everything taste better. So I'll never forget the cheese. 1114 to 560 W to Q. By the way, for that jackass that cold a few calls ago, Mr. Right Wing. Mr. He doesn't understand how I can possibly defend this person. I wonder how many Republicans current in the Congress that were there last night. I remember the restricted clubs. All those Republicans that were standing there with a big ovation for Rosa Parks, which is about the only time any of them got out there ass all night last night. Including Strom Furman. One of the great segregationists in history of the country. He's all the adruing from all over the place from every office in his body. Rueling Strom ninety six years young. Sproomed through them and he's all the way up there. Look at that mirror right there. He's breaking all of that. Pretty good all girl. You'll go girl. Yeah, nice going Strom. And you're giving me a son to dance about racism. You jackass? Looking desperately clean. For excuse it. You are cling on is what you are sir. You refuse to let go. You refuse to let go of a party that's in the distant past that's lost contact that's lost touch with the American public. With a 20th century. When the verge of going into the 21st century, these people can't even catch up with the 20th. And that's why Roseanna Dan was there crawling at the end last night because now all of a sudden, you know, it looks good. It's a good photo opportunity to jump on because obviously everybody is very enthused. They like what he had to say. It all made a hell of a lot of sense. Even though a lot of his is going to happen. But nevertheless, it was what the public wanted to hear. So let's now go, you know, jump on the van and you know, pictures made and then we'll go back to work tomorrow and we'll try to drum his ass out office because for whatever reason it might be. Here's a mobile and pomp in a hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I do. Yes, I am. Okay, I need to answer your questions about football. Okay, have a great day, pal. We have an open line at Ground All 3 in day. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. See what I see why I hate this radio station that I do like poison. I hate it. I despise it. Like that postcard that they fact me that I read this morning by somebody can't even spell hello. Okay, can't spell his name. Can't make an X because you never got that far off any alphabet. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. On the AT&T wireless line, I got the Commodore by the way, standing by. I love it, Tom. Perfect, this sounds too valuable. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, eight, AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and four-loader Dale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I feel real sorry for Rush's and everybody else should too because a demo crash for Jamie, I'll be phone lines yesterday. If you couldn't get any of it, Republicans could call. Well, what will you listen to that prep for? The call then, because there's nothing else you know, wrong to a clock. Yeah. Also, you know, these Republicans are only answering to you is that you're not educated because you don't agree with them. I think that's an uneducated answer on their part. I'm not educated like that rocket scientist Steve Larson who made the way of Republican response last night. I'm not some dumb ex-Joc like Jim Buttinger Steve Larson. Enough of Neil. Any other quote case with this evidence would have been from a long time ago. Yeah. And Henry Hide, he ought to be. Well, by the way, was conspicuous by his absence last night. He wouldn't dignify the present with his presence last night. He's the biggest hypocrite and he's ahead of it all. And I'll keep listening to you. Okay, I'm happy to hear that. And keep in mind, 41 to 45, where the years he was having to elicit a fair where the wife of the guy out there and Weston whose life has been destroyed by the way, 41 to 45. Youthful in discussions. Anybody out there, 45 years old, considers himself. You've got the youthful in this. To help him live today to unbroward, here's our last call for phone calls today boys and girls. Today could be the day. It's not only moving day in terms of physically they're moving from the other building over to here. It could be moving the format midday here on this show. Because as you know, like I said, yesterday I was positive and had a because I'm talking about Pablo Bre, which has to do with hockey. Which there is no interest here in this town. No knowledge, no interest, no nothing. Okay, I'm sorry. I won't do that again. But we'll right back, we're we're soft today and we were yesterday. They got nothing to say. Are these lines working? Is there a dial tone on these phone lines? Is this station on the guy that an error this bum fork radio station? Where people call in here want to talk about stupid football on a non-sport show? Some old geezer wants to ask me some questions about football. What's the point spread? Call up any K to that. He'll tell you the point spread. On games with players who haven't been born yet. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. My absolute positive last call of the day for response from the soft board audience. About anything, anything your heart desires. Baseball in Cuba, there you go. That's the big topic in soft board. That's the real big. Common East Air Common East Air Common East Air Common East Air Common East Air The all-eoreals must be common is they want to play baseball in Cuba. That's what they're not going to try to come out down here. Baby, hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Pistoff, pal. Really pissed off. I'm disgusted. I feel sorry for myself that I'm hearing his got forsaken place. Yeah, yeah, it's gone forsaken. But the whole country is worrying about Monica and everything. Oh, the whole country is worried about Monica and other people and other parts of the country got something to say about whatever it is. Oh, the people are going to say about anything. Uh, the people and other countries are laughing at us. Between the stupid laws, the marijuana laws and everything. How do we change it? We need to change something. Okay, sir. Good luck. You get a petition drive going. Go out on the street corner. Get that lady to get the kishki lady from Toronto from the pickle barrel. Start with a petition. Turn out to religious pamphlets and the good luck to you. 560560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. A PUTRAP pathetic. 8 not a bad response today. A non-response and overwhelming non-response about any of the stuff that I had here. All the stuff crats that I had that are wasted by time with. Ellen Goodman's column, which I thought was sensational. But all those kids that are college kids don't think that all sex is sex. Even though the president gets excoried for Sanet, just because he's a little backwards from Arkansas. Where they think that a blow job isn't having sex. Just unbelievable doing a radio show in a vacuum. Ladies and gentlemen, I gotta be in the Guinness Book of Records I really do. Only talk to your host in history gets a toilet seat brought to him by a listener and does his radio show in a vacuum. Hollywood, hello. Hollywood. Uh, I'll go mail. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. Take a deep breath, sir. Particular deep breath. I'll be out of business here. I can't afford to take a deep breath. You might relax a little bit, you know? You're in sunny California. You gotta relax. And I'm going to the efforts between relaxing and going into a colato state. I'm very relaxed. I just don't want to go into a coma yet. I'm not ready. You work for hours a day. I can get some set, you know? What can we do for you, sir? What's the purpose of your call? I'm calling a winery. When come now with the next, uh, next, uh, a sender soon. Soon. Open on and grow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Work four hours a day. It's a piece of cake, pal. I'll tell you what you come on out of the studio tomorrow. You do four hours. You get some response on the phone. Do a show in here. Sit in on a goddamn room with a phone. Okay. You do the show for four hours tomorrow. And then tell me, oh, you only work for hours a day. What do you get no work to about? It's supposed to be a goddamn talk show, sir. And guess what? You didn't help. You're an impediment to my life. When's you coming out with the hot out of the wine? Oh, if I knew that, I'd be on the air telling you. Okay? Yeah, but I'm going to call school, Griffin at Poly 96 with a 42. That's 40 second crap she's got going. Which by the way, no matter where I travel, I turn on the TV and with in five minutes, no matter what station it's on, whether it's on VHF, UHF, cable, satellite, whatever it is, they're a Spokegrip or what they need to know. Oh, yeah, maybe you have a psychic reading for only five million dollars. I mean, what is that all about? What kind of crap is that? Nice gone by the waste bowl. She's no Rosa Parks, but she's getting there. That's what they should have had there last night. They should have psychic readings from Schrogrif and it's how the whole thing's going to turn out. So we don't have to waste our time. Here's Miami, hello. Neil, what's up, buddy? Yes, I think I have some news of how cherry you look. Yes. There's a news release coming off of public industries that they're clearing 3% off of learning for the year. For who? For public industries. When has it gone? All right. And there was a company he tried to buy. You know, internet stock that he made a speech about how it's not going to call anywhere, because he is in investors predicted that he should buy it. It's up 45 points and today he made a speech. All right. I hope that you're doing it. That'd be a feel of how it would have been better. I've had he's only now, which is 1.7 billion now. Thanks for your money. You can't, you know, that's why he needed another money for the panther. Isn't everything like that? Ever great day. What do you say doesn't have enough money for the panthers? No, we know about Wayne. He's an asshole. It's quite a pop-up. They don't know who pop-up Maria's anyways, so that's the best part. That's the best part of this town. Yesterday, opened up my eyes wide like saucers. Open line in date, 5.67056 to even George knows who pop-up Maria's. That hockey guy, right? That Russian hockey guy. Here's a homestead, hello. With the radio. Oh, yeah. Okay, sir. I don't know if that's the cause of going talking about working four hours a day. I don't know how to hell. You can talk four hours a day. Yeah. I don't know how I do it. I don't know how I do it. I don't know how I do it. I don't know how I do it. Here's the most amazing man, as for being able to talk about anything intelligently. Yeah. You pull off. I don't know how you do it. And I talked to an audience at their, they just, are impossible. They just have nothing to say about no matter what it is. It's incredible. It's amazing. It's astonishing. Yeah, it is. Anyway, you got me to tell him. I was so intimidating. Fire it up a minute ago. About baseball. Yeah. I heard this one of the news last night, and I was sitting here to sit in the kitchen. I couldn't put the house going on. I got played baseball in Cuba, right? Yeah, they're really want to. The Orioles in the Cuban All Stars. Right. Well, why the hell can't I go see that game? Why can't I go to the United States? Yeah, I'm stupid. I'm what can I go to Cuba? Why are there a lot of the Bahamas? You know, flyer from there, right over to Cuba. We're taking a plane to Canada to little out of the way. And you'll fly right on down. But don't they bust you when you get back? For what? How can they bust you when you're coming for us? You're another third country. They can't do anything to you. What do you do? You go to the Bahamas in a different Ovesa? From sort of a... Well, master card. Yeah, I got one of those. Well, plug your American Express plan and doesn't hurt. Well, I want to go to Cuba. And I'm going to go to Toronto and they'll fly right down to Cuba. And you'll go back to Toronto. Go through customs there and then you'll come back to here. Yeah, and I've got all the time zones and I have to wait three days. Then you have to wait two or four months to recuperate. Back to where I am. But maybe you'll be lucky and run into David J. Neel at the airport. This is on Chaco. Got a boat. Okay, good luck with the thing. I mean, that was another thing yesterday. You know, I mentioned and I'm the only one. I've heard about the things that's blown away by the stupidity of the stuff that gets written in newspapers. Evidently everybody else in town believes this crap. The rule of thumb is it takes one hour per... About one day, one day, to recuperate from each hour, each time zone that you pass through on your trip. I mean, each time I come across something which I'll reach only the 20th of January already in the last month. I've had about what it does into these different things that they've written. Like the editor of the Assuncental Towses that people who don't gamble on sports are just as interest in the odds as people who do. And they put this in your newspaper and I said, I'm getting all psychotic about it. And these people are... What's your point? Open line in Broward 2 and Dave, 560560, pound-560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Take your little cold. You can take my shit, my dirty underwear! My speed mask, my right beard, and my clothes. You can strip my walls, and you can just my balls, and the heck it should buy you to blow my nose! And you can take my knife, my career and eyes! My truth buzzed in my can of apple cheese. You can take my pants, and that lamp I bought in France, and that naked picture of AC and jewelry! You can take my arm, my anti-war honours, keep your fat in your mouth! Has little recuse, because if you send my arm, my anti-war honours! I'm not here to send you my arm, what would it do? You know what I mean, baby? Don't take my arm! I can't believe it! Because if you send my arm, I can't believe it! I'm all keep my bruise right up that your hands! It was a pretty wonderful, 501-5020, here's a fact Bob Barden had the guts to show up! I was probably escorting ladies to abortion clinics, probably busy. Also, it's just in this fact that blow job is not sex. I was thinking why I read this fact, because there actually are people out there, adult, not just the dumb college kid. There are adults out there that think that oral sex is not sex. I was thinking of myself, is that like taking a dump? No. Huh? It's in the same family. Passing gas is in the same family, but it's not that. So maybe you'd say a kind of a family thing. Also, I have a shocking and astonishing facts here about the, did you read this about a famous form, this wind club, that the BSO rated, which is a private swing club, which I'll go into that in detail in a moment, terribly. Your BSO, again, your tax dollars, hearted work. First, they were out there, or raiding the cruise ships, because they were only like 2.9 or 2.8, or maybe it was 3.2 miles out there. They really weren't sure because there was, there was Worley Bird, the B&E devices they had weren't to accurate. And then they had to with egg on their push, bring all their slot machines back and put them back in the business again. Because they were worried about maybe they're polluting the waters out there by allowing gambling, not quite far enough out of the ocean. That was the first bus, and now they're busy busting private strip probes again. Because people are doing stuff in there, even though it's a private club in their all adults, and they paid to go in there voluntarily, they're doing stuff in there. Here's a mobile and what is it, Oka Humpka? Yeah, hey Neil, I know who Poggle Burries. Yeah, well he's doing Oka Humpka. I'm glad that you're about to go to the trade. I think you wait to get on to the new place. I passed her once and they had to add again to sold out. She's going to be traffic nightmare getting in another there? Yes. I stay home watching on TV. Okay, we have it open. I mean we can't have no people from Oka Humpka come down here taking up our seats. Open line of date 560560 and Pogbib60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in the Biscayne Park, Ella. First of all, Neil, bye bye, Eddie. Yeah. I'm the second one, I watched the state of the union address. I thought it made a lot of sense taking what Republicans want to do by, okay, listen, have a great day. He's that chronic queen. We have an open line of date one and part of it. I can't deal with him. I just can't stand it. In other words, if I'm at this, we're in a matter of business. Okay, if I have to talk to him, I'm out of business. With all the respect, I hope you have a great life. I wish you nothing but the best. I've a little bit, but I can't talk to you. So I just can't, with good conscience, I can't do it. It would be like talking to Shell Mimeon again. It's like a voice amount of the past. Every time you come on the air, every year's go by. Here's another Shell Mimeon. It's not the same one. Maybe it's the reincarnation of Shell Mimeon. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a lady mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Two quick things. You have a day you're doing a survey on Wayne? Yeah. I think he's an asshole. Yeah. He thinks. The other thing is, is, I'm a senior Republican in their early 70s. Said to me and my friends more of the same generation you and I. Yeah. That we're in moral and that we and that our values are in the dogber and so on and so forth. Yeah. And I kind of laughed because where do we learn this from anyhow? From that their generation. We did. Well, I think so. We learned about oral sex from the older generation. Oh, well, they do a lot of oral sex. I mean, look at the real way. Why are you when you're teeth in a glass? It's a lot more painless. Yep. But you know, look at all the things that older citizens have all these affairs. Well, it's a little gum job every now and then. No, I think we, you know, we just learned from them and, you know, they're just very bitter. You know, the seniors are very, very bitter. Oh, yeah. And I would, I think that there are, it's McCarthyism. And I think they're out to trash colliding and just trying them out. And I think it's disgusting. Okay. Really? Go put our teeth back in the glass. Okay. Okay. Bye. Yeah. There are, they're doing a gum job out there at the condos. No question about that. So anyway, here's this facts because these calls are putryed by the way. Here's yet another case of our tax dollars being spent for high quality law enforcement in Broad County. Last Saturday night at 130 in the morning undercover officers infiltrated Athena's forum, a new swing club in Pompano Beach. After collecting evidence of consenting adults performing certain sex acts on one another, the undercover cost left to club returning a short time later in uniform. They had no search warrant, but it already seen it up to arrest some 40 people for loot and Ocevious behavior in public. The owners of the club were also arrested for operating a loot and Ocevious establishment. Neighborhood homeowners were then allowed in the club for a neighborhood homeowners were then allowed in the club for a total opportunity to see their tax dollars hard at work. And we do mean hard at work. Athena's forum operates a fully licensed nonprofit private club to support the lifestyle of these swinging community it says. The sheriff's office was contacted for information to support the bus. BSO allegedly claims that the club was operating with adolescents and that numerous complaints by Neighborhood homeowners association prompted the raid. A turnies for Athena's forum stated that the club is in fact a fully licensed private club, including full liquor. They further stated that a meeting last night that this is clearly a bad bus and that the BSO is grabbing its straws to support the arrest of the innocent patrons of the club. Can Jenny baby? Oh, I'll tell you again. Like I said, maniac, lunatic. It is also felt by many of us in the swing community that BSO is made a concerted effort to keep this story out of the news. Channel 7 was at the club during the raid, but pushed away by BSO officials seemingly to keep this story quiet. Nothing has appeared in the sunset in the lead. We in the swing community want this story to be public so that everyone will be aware of the witch hunting and the movie is not only a movie but also a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a movie that is not only a that is not a movie that was not only the movie that is not only a movie that is not only I just the rabbit and the person beside the I'm sorry, I'm not a test, just man. I'm not a test, just man. I'm not a test, just man. I'm not a test, just man. I'm not a test, just man. I'm not a test, just man. I'm not a test, just man. I'm not a test, just man. I'm not a test, just man. I'm not a test, just man. I'm not a test, just man. I'm not a test, just man. I wanna sum 500 phrases. We clubbed a little yellow days, the markdown in chords and then Let's go to school, I'd like to sing inour songs in the song. Yes, It starts with the random songs. Please write it down in the video olduamos, I hold you all thanks for your support. I found Polly Griff so I'm sorry I can't believe a tip. First there were no kids in the bus. Now old Farts in the condolves. I saw you on my last pass just now. Old Farts in the condolves. I've been out on friends with animals and get your tickets for the first live. And any wickety bastard ticket outlet. Another cop in door presentation. It's 143 at 560WQM. That's our pull question today by the way. It's a blow job. Really sucks as long as you keep your eyes closed. We have an open line in days five six five six seven five 60 and pump I like and say which one was keeping our eyes closed. Maybe if just everybody keeps their eyes closed. Oh, I felt like a finger to me. Here's a Pembroke pine cello. Hello Neil. Yes. I just want to ask you now they got a puzzle. They're going to put them on a line with the cause law from the Whitney to bring the speed. Because law of and Kavash did they're saying he wants to make the all Russian line. Why would they want to do that? I have no idea that that's Terry Murray that because he's a bozo. That's why. I mean, they got good speed, you know, with my last Terry Murray and the middle of the adventure. We have an open line of day one and Howard five six seven. Oh, you know, this guy's a day late. Okay. We're not talking hockey today. Okay, sir. This town is up there. Are there adamant? They hate hockey. They don't understand it. They don't know what they don't want to hear it again. They would like some pretty tickets if we have any which we don't. But other than that, they can't stand it. Five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line as we continue plotting pushing shoving our way ahead. Like a gigantic relentless steamer over here. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Okay, sir. Oh, man. You have the best show I've tell you what. If you ever quit this show, we'll have a heart attack. I mean, about an half an hour. I tell you what. But Neil, anyway, I just would like to use a player song about Saddam Hussein. Yeah. How is he's an MS? Yes, sir. And, you got the Royal MS? What's that? I said have a great day. We have an open line of day one and Browered five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 and eight the AT&T wireless line. No more social promotion. Okay. I mentioned that at the beginning of the show. Every line in his board should have been lit up. This is the show where we play the goddamn bubonics song. The only show in the world that dares to tell it like it is. Instead of trying to cuddle people along, who unfortunately have been brought up to be very illiterate and very unsuccessful, which maybe there's just might be a connection to that alone. Should have stimulated eight million people to run to the phone and say, Yes, that's what they should have been saying. Yeah, that's right. There's managed. At least he's got enough brains to say. Yeah, even more than once. But no, they're busy out there. Oh, by the way, you think he's going to put Paul Bell online with, yeah, he's going to put him online with you. You can discuss it, okay. In Rusky. Panamaichi, Parusky? I see. We know he spoke. We're actually as a communist. Yeah, that's right. That might have called. He's a communist. Hey, manista. I want to host people where they got egg on their post today, all those right wingers down in your town, you're in your community, mister, with at Lily on a gross late in the banana lady the last night. It looked like she looked like she was ready to check out where he's been in. I'll tell you that she was. She was forming at them out to his voice. Yeah, yeah, she was going. No more times. And like squirming around, like maybe she had like one of those, pocket rockets. There's no what they call Pop bellberry. the pocket rocket I think. Let's get air in on the phone and put out. How is there? All air in summers is going to be doing the morning show on this station. So so so in other words, they're going to be here tomorrow morning. I'm assuming. Ah yes. Oh that'll be great. That means maybe I can actually go upstairs and watch. In other words, when they go to that last eight minute commercial break and it's still 10 and I can stand there and watch while they do it. And just give the default of the high sign like this. Okay, here. What do you mean there'll be here here as and where you went. No, they're not. That's not what I was told. I was told the morning show they're going to be upstairs and they will maybe they move fast. That's what I was told by our program director who would never lie to me, of course. They're going to be in here. I don't know if there's not room for them in here. They couldn't possibly do the show in here. How they're going to be and they like doing a show in a telephone booth. We're going to have you guys who mics are for. They're going to be doing a morning show in here. And we're going to have some kind of a transition of what they're where we're going to be doing standing out of the thumb playing with our pods. What are we going to be doing here tomorrow? And not a clock. Go downstairs and smoke a cigarette. I don't know. I'll find out. You want to see how much that are I can they just just test me? Just wait. Yes. No, I was just. All right, that was something for me. Oh, no, that was that. Of course not. From like our bundling from like program director who told me absolutely positively, they would be upstairs in their new studio tomorrow. In fact, today they were supposed to be up there. And now you're telling you they're going to be in this room here tomorrow. We're going to make a transition with the worst thing in this room. Maybe on the one that's confused. Oh, I'm going to be nobody just probably to tell us. I'm going to just kind of making it up as they go along. Is that possible? Okay, we have an open line in Broward to a date 560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Halandale. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Thank you. Okay. Happy New Year by the way. First time I've had to just tell you that. I've made an observation. I wanted to get your opinion on since oral sex is not considered as sex. I guess it falls under the petting category. And if that's true, I guess the be almost unless you're having oral sex with your dog. I don't think that's considered petting. Well, I'll just wondering if maybe the BSO's next target will be petting zoos, you know? That could be. Yeah. Listen, can I ask you? I know you said no hockey, but can I ask you your opinion or one thing? About hockey? Just one question. No, no. Okay, we have 500 open lines. Again, they were like all lit up there for about 10 seconds. And all of a sudden, as soon as we had lit all that dead air because in a state of shock, you're overbeen-liebed through via a program director again who just can't seem to get a story straight. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and Pond 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Pompano, hello. Pompano. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Big Rich. Big Rich. Big Rich. Not fat rich, big rich. Yeah. I know it's not fat rich. Yeah. Why are you still limping? He often. I think about Bill. I love Bill. And I think he could have put this whole thing to sleep. If you just told that grand jury, yes, I got a blow job from Monica and it's going to be a goddamn business. Yeah. And the subject. Here where you did basically say that, wait a whole back when in the first speech. He said it was nobody's business, but his wife and family. Really? And I mean, why is all this crap still going on? He constantly knew why is it also going on because the media are filming at the mouth and running with it and making it exploiting it. And because you got a bunch of rabbit-by-wingers who are determined to carry it as far as they can go. Yeah. And then you want to kill a couple of minutes. I got a quick story about Rome. Okay. We have an open line in Brown and all three in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and time five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Okay. Here's our last call of the mobile and okay. Hello. Hey, you know, I haven't gotten a chance to watch the city union address of sleep last night. So, but I take the number to launch a later. I just think we were in a power and ask if you could play a sound of ducking off. Hi. Hey, this is this is Elbitt's Mono. You got to have stereo. When a question of the most speaker back in the other one. Well, I could have to loud sound as those all the way around the ring. You're stereo. What is that? You're stereo in there. In here. But I don't think the people are the people listening in stereo on A&T. Yeah. They do have stereo A& by the way, but it did it. They never get off the ground. No. Because I guess most people who want to go on by a new guy named A&M radio, just for the uno of here and the people talking in a four and language in stereo. No. How about if we just had like Haitian coming out of one speaker and that's probably a lot of the other. Huh? Or maybe we could go back to like quadrofinex sound. We could have English or Mon's speaker or Spidey or from another Italian. Oh, and a little Creole. Huh? That sounds good to me. What's wrong with a little Creole? Or you know that? Yeah, I'm on. Here's a lady mobile in that this is going to be a real nightmare. I can already sense this. I had a feeling that this was going to be real smooth, that they were, well, we told they were moving up stairs first to do this orderly and then we just stay here like in our nice little nest here for a while and then once everything got there right. And now we're finding out more QAM lies, man. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Mr. Rodin? Yes, I am. Yeah, I just want to know what you think about this. Just being like a white man's world. A white man's world? Do they have to cut? Because if it was a black man in the White House at the time that the blow job happened, it would have been, he would have been crucified. How do you know that? Because how else would it go and be? How are you? What could it be? Look at the OG, OG innocent and yet. OG is innocent? Yeah, he didn't kill that woman. Everyone knows he did kill that woman. It was a flying. A frame by who? Who framed him? The white people. The white top? Yeah. Dr. Furman? Dr. Furman did. Dr. Furman did. Yeah. Yeah, that's really good. I know. Uh-huh. And that's what confusing me. And that's why it's all the time. That's why the black folks are going to wipe off so much. Yeah, that's why there's all the crime. Yeah. Because it was because of the black people feeling like they'd be paying other words, there aren't black people committing crime. Is that what you're saying? You're creating crimes, but becoming the cause to have the right to because the white folks push them to the limit. Yeah. And that's what that's what enables me. That's the navels you? Yeah, it blows my whole mind. Well, that's what we're talking about. A lot of blow and going, okay. Have a nice day, sweetheart. And trace that number, please. But walk her away. Oh, there we go. And now we got something really going. It took a couple hours. But now we got a really good call. Thank you, man. God bless you. It's a white man's world. Well, she is right about that. It's a goddamn white man's world. And you better get with it, okay? I mean, we had Rosa Parks up there. We had a token for your last night. What'd be a bitch in about? You know, we're very good at tokenism. We like that. Hey, everybody standing with H. Even those right wingers even dropped their men. Hey, Rosa, nice God. Sweetheart. Here's a mobile in North Palm Beach, yellow. Hey, Neil, I was going to bed. Hey, man. What's up? Okay. I ever heard you talk about Nathan Lane at all. That's the most obvious others that they're not. About what? Nathan? Nathan Who? Well, who's the actor? I don't know. Nathan Lane? What's his last name? Lois Lane. No, the guy that was in the bird cage. I haven't got any idea. The gay actor. I don't have any idea to watch the bird cage because the bird cage was a bad rip off. I poorly done rip off a La Taja full. Wasn't a rather Williams in the bird cage? But who is this part of that? And by the way, for the guy that was given me a bunch of crackers. I don't like rather than Williams. That movie has been pan worse than any movie in the history of a cinematography. That movie where he's doing the doctor with a rubber nose. That is the even older making money at the box office because people are born, I guess, there's nothing else out to see. That movie is just getting ripped or shreds. He's a one-shirt pro. He has to patch a douchebag. What is it? He's a one-shirt pro. Right, and he keeps doing the same. He never stops. That's not that. And they never, but they just never stops doing the same sad routine. Robin Williams. But then who's this guy you're talking about? Nathan What's his name? He was in the mouth trap. The polling conference? What? No, no, no. Nathan. Come. What about him? What he came up? He's like the most obvious outing of anything. He's a came out. Who cares if he came out of nobody ever heard of him? That's right, it's free of all. If I didn't hear of him, what difference would it make if he came out and I'd let him go back in? All right. Hey, there's no room in your studio for this three, three slots, right? And it's not only that there's not any room in a studio, but why does this program direct to a bars keep giving me bulkwrap? And now I see that these two big Mike stands, these Mike boom sitting in here. And I came this morning and being so slow and stupid, I thought, what they're all these doing here. These are obviously for for two of the three counts in a morning tomorrow. Those bookable. How the hell? And of course, this is going to give them a great opportunity to write about an eight minute break at the end of their show because now we'll have to do that to make the transition to the switch over in here. Well, if I'm going to be standing on the hallway, totally my thumbs tomorrow for half an hour, while they're in here doing a show in this studio. If that's the case, why didn't they come in your studio? Get the game in studio a year ago. And if I'm a certain, let me ask you this, I don't want to get revolutionary, but it's that case. Why couldn't they stay over in the other place another day or two? I can't let you on till, you follow what I'm saying? I noticed this tough to comprehend. Until the one upstairs was ready. That's right. What's the big cops these army hurry for then to get over in the middle of our morning? I hate to ask police, they'll play. Hey, they turned off the 9th real number. I swear they got it. They did. Sores, I think they did. Okay. I have a reach on it. Play how to pull in lane. How's your mole? See ya. Bye. Ha ha. How's my moils? He's taken too many shortcuts. We have an open line in date 567. This is turning out to be just what we should have expected to be from this outfit, man. They are the best. They are make no mistake about it. They are the best. Four minutes right away. What's his name? Greenspan must have said something great. That was up 73. Oh, that's up 60. I'm going to go home and call Rick Wiley and see what I do. Well, sell. Anyway, did I say it's 1157 and 560 WQA in? 460! 460! 470! 480! 560! 480! 360! 580! 480! 580! I ran to the traffic Linoc! 380! 480! 480! 480! 480! 480! 480! 480! 480! 480! 480! 380! That's after 12 to 5, 6, with W2M, you're a commaskan fusion station for the 90s. So come to find out that our program director yesterday gave me more misinformation. And that the entire radio station will be operating out of these studios till when did you say, till the weekend, through the weekend, till the week from the circus, till the program, till health reasons over, which by the way, they showed on the news this weekend, held Michigan froze over this weekend. So they're going to be operating on a hit of my morning. What do you think? Like in a real radio station, a real business, that instead of giving me the song to dance the quick shuffle that he did here yesterday, that the program director would be discussing this with us and thinking about the transition, that's supposedly going to take place here tomorrow. Now with Hank, it's not a problem because Hank's doing the show outside all week. The show was in more of a rush. But that's going to be one way out of the transition of our morning. Unless, of course, we back up all our spots here. You know, do that last break at about ten minutes, huh? Here's a mobile in April, so. Yeah, you think that they have laws, you could apply for a license. How can they close these trip clubs down these squad clubs down if they were going to lower? What's that location that you're doing this? You're asking me, I have no idea. I have what they did, they just go ahead and do it. Like it says, that book lost right. They just go ahead and they do it first and then if it doesn't hold up, it doesn't hold up. They're going to go for anybody. Who would they have to be accountable to? Who's going to do something about? What are they going to do? And we're run the Sheriff out of town? No, but if he has no law to go by either, doesn't he have to wait by law? Sir, he makes it up as he goes along. We have two open lines in date one in Broward, five six seven oh five six to the and pound by sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Hialia, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, Neil. This is an excellent model of Pentecostal Republic and Julio. Now, a born again, atheist Democrat. All right. I just have to say that unfortunately by the level of intelligence of all these Bible something right wingers, it doesn't surprise me at all. I used to be one of them until I really started reading my Bible instead of believing all that crap that they preach to you at church. You know, the first is this Bible code thing. Here's a manual about the book that's teaching so-called Christians how to figure out hidden messages in a book that says the divination is unacceptable and punishable by God in the first place. And you know, I mean, that's the ultimate hypocrisy. You know, it doesn't surprise me. Unfortunately, it really doesn't surprise me. Hey, listen, he's selling a lot of books. Yeah, that's true. A lot more than what I'm doing. Well, anyway, Neil, in closing, it puts the fair retail in your religion. All right, have a great day, sir. There you go. We got one. We brought one guy over the real side to the real world, got him out of the fantasy land. And all you know, something maybe it's better in fantasy land. Maybe I'll have dealt into it a little bit. I think I'm in it. Open line at Broward 2 in date, 560560, 560, 560, 560. Seriously, I want to go out of record right now is saying, Duff Lindsey, you're unconscionable. Okay, your behavior, your lack of communication, your lack of openness and uh, discussing with us. It says to me this show, I'm like I've said a million times, what did they want me on this station for? Because you got the highest ratings of bringing all this money here. It can't possibly be that. Because there's absolutely no consideration. It's like how many ball games are we going to do? Can we get their hurricanes? Maybe we can do the FIU games on there. We're going to go on and do something at this restaurant at that restaurant at some sports bar. Like George said, it's a sports bar with a microphone. So what the hell are we doing here? When they don't, when they don't even have the minimal amount of courtesy of discussion with us, what's going to happen here? You know, we had the same thing. We had the transition with Ron and Ron in the other place for a while until I finished their studio. You're not talking from a downers over here. We've worked in other joints and other places under trying circumstances. But talk to us, open up an office, say something. You bulls all you. Say something. Here's a mobile in Pomp and I'll. Hello. Yeah, how are you doing, yeah? Okay. I'll just get me from Pomp and I'll just want to comment to say about the girl, not a minute ago. I think she needs to be given blow jobs instead of opening her mouth. Yeah. And maybe she is. Maybe she's working on the right now. Once time, we have an open line in the Broward 2 in date, 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, and Pomp, 5, 6, 6, on the mobile 1 line. Yeah, well, what would, what should be saying anyway? I need an interpreter for that one. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I'm not gonna ask you. Are you doing the, I know you're doing real. Not two good right now. I use our flaming. I know they are. I, but if your breathing's not, so that might cause diseases in that bag. I will give you an eye. No, the  is on the year post game shows that never get on the year. It's not just this show. I would take it personally if I felt it was the incompetence that runs a mock in this place is rampant. Twenty four hours a day. And it took further use like coaches about when you were in a phone call before with that Pentecostal reformer sky. Yeah, buzzing came through the phone line. You know the phone line thing that they had to call. Yeah, well that's probably part of the plot. Maybe it's a poor plot. It could be. It could be. Can I squish you for a minute just for a second? Go ahead. Do you see the Ranger Game last night? Pablo Burris interviewed at the first in a mission? No. Did you see that? Yeah. I saw a little bit of the game. I didn't see him. Yeah, he was interviewed by the guy who does new jersey, the devil. The white hairguard, the glasses, the hand side cross. Yeah, I know I can't think of his name. Yeah, he was standing for the first time. I was standing for the Brigadier. Thank you. I'm embarrassed. I couldn't take my hand. But he asked him a couple of questions because he was a fairly powerful one to play from New York. Yeah. And he asked him how he felt about that and Pablo said, my team is Florida now. Which basically, a vague interview. They got you a couple of planes for 10 hours. Yeah. It was like he's a constant in a hallways. Well, he'll be anonymous here like I said yesterday. You know how with the sign on his back saying, I'm Pablo Burris. No, still say, oh, that's who is that? It's a real shame. You're right. I agree to you. I want to present it to Shane because he's a great player. Yeah. People fall the game. They couldn't get. They have no clue man. They're hopeless. I know. And I got a one request if you don't mind. Yeah. My friend won. It stopped calling you and I'm so happy about that. He's one of the chronic coolials. And I'm so happy on here as well. Really? Yes. I'm so happy. So what is his problem? He loves you. He's obsessed with you. Yeah. I'll show you the death. Believe me. But he doesn't help the show. He's helping destroy the show. But he's destroying my life. I know, but he loves you though. That's his way. But you're not listening to me. You're better explain to him that we don't want to speak to him. Okay. I got you. I agree. He's a crap out of him. I will. Take away his visa and ask you to have a right there. Thank you. I'll read it. Oh, God. He loves us. Just like what's his name with the prosack? Like can't be base. We have an open line in date and one in Broward and 1400 in Palm Beach. And we have no idea. We don't even know what the base were on here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 5, 50. On the mobile one line. I'm going to land on the pollo. But I got four today's breaking win news. We go to the WWE. We're a world wrestling Federation. Let me say something. Staying Joe. I made BDI state champion. But I'm going to hit everything aside. I'm not going to wait for a challenge for you. I'm going to get you a challenge right here right now. And if you people go like it. And that's today breaking win news. 14 to 5, 60, W2M. We have an open line. There's a big flag that's cranked on the phone. Okay. We'll give his number in a second. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 in Palm 5, 60 in the mobile one line. So just during the last break here because I'm a little bit slow and it's kind of like comes up on me like I don't know where. This whole deal about this transition. We're going to make it here. I just told Georgia the little light bulb went on over my head. The reason that this is going to have to be done this way is because being on the cheap the way the beastly breed people are unlike power 96 that got all brand new, stood the art studios upstairs, unlike them. The QAM guys are going to have the same tired old art cake. It don't work equipment from the other building on Sheridan Street. That they're going to have to let over here. So that's the reason that the shows was everyone's are not on the outside like Hank's do. That's why they'll all have to be out of these rooms here until they can slip over make the transition upstairs because the cheap bastard that one is company wouldn't put new, I forget about state of the art, new decent equipment upstairs. Just like this, okay, a comp machine that was supposed to be 10, 46 months ago that we got sitting back here. But at least that got at work. That's the story boys and girls for the next X up 64. The that was up 112. I get home. I'm calling Rick right away and get some investment tips. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah sir. Aren't you upset that we didn't get latrines pretty well? Yeah, I'd be real upset about that. I can hear her. I want to go see some gangster ball. Did you hear about that dude basketball player that was arrested for robbing a man in a wheelchair? No. Yeah. It's amazing. I'm not getting a good education. It's always best to rob some kind of wheelchair that can't get away too well. Right. If somebody with a brain out there couldn't go to do it because this thought took you scholarship. Right. It's just they've all. Well, you done it. You see, you don't understand. That's the American fucking way. Right. I guess so. I mean, the fact that we've got so so called sports writers in this town writing articles in the newspaper and idiots calling the sports shows on his station be moaning the fact that the nicks are getting latrines pretty well and we're not getting them on the heat here. But this to me is just unbelievable. I will I say thank Neil. These people are saying new laws in terms of any kind of conscience whatsoever. It's ridiculous. Sports general is just that a control. I mean, even that Jimmy Johnson thing, you know, to see the way they're offsured that coach in the helicopter, you know, I'm watching this on a news. I'm thinking there's some sort of national emergency going. Yeah. You know, I didn't know these were all football coaches. Oh, Dave Lansley man. He's an important guy. That's understand. That's a big stuff. Have a great day, Phil. You can get your priorities straight enough. We have an open line in somewhere in date 560 560 560 on the mobile one line. There's a mobile in Naples. Hello. I knew what that would be. Yes, sir. Hey, I you touched on a second ago when you came back from break. I was just calling to tell you, I figured out the route of the problem to your studio situation. And that is the uh, the owner of the radio stations. I'm over here in Naples and they have two or three stations over here. Right. And they go through the same thing constantly. And uh, it's there. I want to tell you, Santa, really mean this. I've worked for a lot of people. Good people, bad people, smart people, some people. These people are the cheapest, the tightest bastards. And believe me, they're paying me a lot of money. But only because I'm making them a hell of a lot profit, you know, in terms of advertising on the show. They're not paying me a lot of money because they're generous. These are the cheapest bastards I have ever seen in my life. And to think, like I said, yesterday, the kind of conditions that the people have had to work with in that other building on Sheridan Street and a kind of filth on the walls and the carpeting upstairs, what kind of slabs go to work every day and working this kind of environment. And then drag over a bunch of old half-ass crap, broken down garbage from the other building and say, oh, by the way, here's your new studio. Is that a great full to us? Yeah, well, they had a, they're, they're a guy I don't believe well, I can't even begin to imagine anybody else in this industry doing this. Well, nobody else was and that's what, you know, when you said that they do pay you a lot of money, then you're one of the portion of one, that they have a couple of guys that were here on the other coast that have a great show well listen to show and they, they, they, they, they, they, they, out now did admit that they make nothing and, and, and, especially compared to what they make for the station. Yeah. Well, that's the BZF environment. That's the BZL way. It's no longer the American F in ways. The BZL, yeah, and hey, if you think that if you think the sports page over my name is bad, pick up the Naples paper one day and try to find anything other than, you know, like shuffle board results. Or no, it's picking up another big over there. Okay, pal, good luck to you. Okay, how do the BZ boys? Okay, we got two open lines in a day to a Broward 560, 5050, 5050, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Mobile and Hollywood. Yeah, yeah, yeah, sir. This is that big of a small, I have something to say. I think the fact the movie is hypocritical. Okay, can I ask you a question and don't take this the wrong way, okay? Yeah, sure. Because you've called me before, but why you call an identifier yourself as this is Evan's father, like you're some kind of an appendage, like you're an underling? Because all these years in a him pro-wup, you should say, I've had fun. So now I want to return the favor. Oh, okay. So now, now we know. Anyway, these types of movie hypocritical, themselves, congressmen and senators, should be all sentient and should be in pitch themselves. Because they don't know the procedure that's necessary to run this country. When you're in the service, you're worried about the chain of command. You can hate your general. You can hate your lieutenant, but you must be expected to pause on his shoulders, and you must pay homage to him. These guys that didn't show up last night, they should be thrown out of office so fast, because not that they didn't like the president, but they didn't like the president, see. They are unbelievable, they're not Americans. Americans go, you don't have to like the guy. You don't have to clap for the guy. Just sit there where you belong. But you're supposed to say homage to the office. Right. That's the man. And I say that they should all be thrown out, and I'll never vote Republican again. All right. Okay. Say hi to Evan. That was Evan's dad, by the way. Kase your wondering. Okay, I'm sitting here. You know something, I always wonder what it would be like to have a nervous breakdown on the year. I think today is going to be the day. I don't know who you're talking to, and they're okay. I know he's got a little problem with some crank or whatever that is. Okay, but I'm sitting here dying. I mean actually dying on the radio, and I'm watching those green things that led up there on the board and I never, ever get bent out of shape. I never say anything. I'm probably too nice to the guy, and it's quite a my, you know, and it can't really do public opinion. But this today, this is not my concept of doing a radio show. This is not what I consider coming in and getting paid to do. What I spent 400 years working my way from little underlings in Batavian, New York to Albion, Michigan to Marshall, Michigan to WKAT to WNWS, to WINZ, to Zeta to WID to this place. Okay. This is not anywhere near even close. What I can see when I get out of bed in the morning, Monday through Friday, except for those 40 weeks of your identification other than that. This is what is going on here today. Why won't somebody tell me? What is it that is going on here today? See, this is another thing that we got going here. We would think that we had, push these at the other radio station. This place, they ought to call us all pussy radio, because everybody all will are afraid to talk to you all, they're afraid to, what is that? What is that? If I ever run in a hallway screaming in yelling, I don't want to mention any names on this radio station about some of our people that get a little bit temperamental in hysterical, which now I'm beginning to understand why, by the way, and I'm on the floor just starting to do it myself, this is supposed to be a business Mr. Lindsey, or whatever I had your phone name as you made up this wait, this is supposed to be a freaking business. You know how it works, you open your mouth, I talk to you, you talk to me, somebody tells me something with our numbers that we've had for the last 13 months, which are better than all the other numbers on this radio station. And spite of your priorities being all cock-eyed, and with all the revenue we're bringing in here with spots with spot breaks again, we're back to the same old business again, even though I was lied to about that. The money is rolling in this joint and yet it's kind of like, ah, they're just, we're in the way, we're in the way, well I got news for a deflundz, if we're in your way, I'd be real happy to get out of your way, okay? Just call up Naples have right me a check, and I'll be happy to get out of your way. Because this isn't the way to what a goddamn railroad, whatever, whatever it is that's going on here today. Man, I just kind of need, I only worked for hours. Yeah, you liked the point, okay. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil, yes sir. I hear you say something earlier about Phil Henry being on the morning. Phil Henry being doing morning studying February 1st on WCWM. Really, that's a permanent thing. Are you sure positive? What do you mean how that happened? I mean how to pull out a string to make that happen. I've been working for 13 months to get that day, morning show off here. I should have known you were behind and you just don't want to get anything done. That's right. Thanks Neil. Leave it to Neil, man. All right. Okay, have a great time. Two open lines and day two and a broad word. Five states, they're not bad enough that the other you know that I'm sitting here dying today. That's not bad enough. All the other good extraneous stuff. That's just window dressing. 560 560, 560 in the mobile one line. We got one line lit on the board and then we go right back to the commenters which I love the commenters. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello Neil, I do. Okay, sir. Neil, you got to sit down. You are going to kill yourself on air and believe me that the last thing I need. I have never worked for people who are so in able to communicate with people just tell me what's going on here. What's the game plan? What are we doing? What are we going to be doing at 10 o'clock tomorrow? What is going on in this place and they just absolutely everything refused to do it, sir. Neil, I feel bad for you. I work for crazy people, crazy people. You do. I feel like I worked that time. I listen to you every day and all. How is it possible to be this negligent in your duties? We got to go to make an autonomous walk around with a briefcase every day, call yourself the program director and doesn't talk to anybody about anything. I don't know Neil, I can tell you it's bitter right now. Like I said before before, he finished just saying hello. He's already saying goodbye because he's afraid you might bring something up that he can't answer, which you name it. He can't answer it. You're right. Listen, I call up to ask you if you watch the Larry King of the Night Woman Donald with him. No. You said I would watch Madonna. The president is making a goddamn screen. The United Press that I'm going to watch Madonna. No. Well, Larry King was sitting there with his his fists on his face. Senior, leaving listening to Madonna. And then he moved his camera pins in and he moved his fists and on his cheeks his knuckle marks were in his face for about a minute. It's like a letter that is missing. You know, it's just cracking up. I had to do it this a long time. Yeah. All right Neil, it's good talking to you. Thank you. I come down. All right. You're going to be all right. It'll be okay. Is it going to be okay? No. Yeah. Well, two open lines a day, two and grow. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. So watch this story. Is everything on the control now? We have any as we have any inputters to what's going to be going on here? Okay, 12, 20, you're five and a half and five, 60, WQAM. Seriously, how can you get up in the morning, look in the mirror and then come in here and take a paycheck. When you absolutely positively, absolutely refuse to do those things that you're supposed to be doing, I just don't get it. Good question. Oh, right. You let's out a gigo. When he makes it way though, money goes, not the kind. You can do in the behind. Welcome, put us to Gar and her vagina. She's all mine. Well, he don't know where her stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or animals you made or. And then I can saw the turn, see their back means all her naked. Stars were hardly lead to go in blind. Now, if he was working hard, late nights in the ovary of this, working on a practical joke. Be told from my son, who'd know, put an explode in, Lord in for Monica was blowing the smoke. They'll take us in Monica for vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it way though, money goes, not the kind. You can do in the behind, put us in Gar and her vagina. She's all mine. Well, before feel that Hillary's been made a fuller by her husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Oh, I'm in the link in that room. She was morning, morning, I'll go to and her with bills, those found. Are you? There's a guy in Monica for vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every freaking time he makes it way though, money goes. You can do in the behind, put us in Gar and her vagina. Well, can they think? Yes, a matter is that her. Oh, yeah, put us in the vagina. What she got her to is take a sip of rhythm. And put in a crowd, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, now comes the car and put in a wine, yeah. I was right in my own dream to all protect you. Oh, when the fairy love the lady said to me, what she got a pretty sister. She had to buy her, put holes her face. I was more than happy to. I'm now as more I'd like to do. I'll all get there by breakfast. She won't let money. I want to lift her, so he's nothing in her ears. I want to hold her behind, close doors and more. I want to get her but she won't let me. What she returned to she said she was an actress. She showed me an album with pictures of her opening, which she then fit in on. She's being disappointed with me. But I'm clear with the view. You was the kind of girl who told me it's hard. Then right now, right now, right now, right now. I want to get her back. She won't let me. I want to lift her, so he's nothing in her ears. I want to hold her behind, close doors and more. I want to get her but she won't let me. Well, I'll never forget the dream my dad's out of him. We're shared asleep and we share our tale. But as long as my heart's blood will leave behind, with rep are all my fun, because I can set her in the end. I want to get her but she won't let me. I want to lift her, we have to be in the mirror. I want to get her but she won't let me. I want to get her but she won't let me. I want to get her but she won't let me. I want to get her but she won't let me. When we say not, I've actually got a 40-year-old on her thing. People would actually tune in the watch if you could have seen the operation that's gone on here to last a couple of hours. Now these guys just had a pack up and go back where they came from. They didn't order lunch. Yeah, I'm glad they didn't order lunch, baby. Had to take out right back over to Sheridan Street to the bug and festive ran of festive because the best laid plan, even a best laid plan to my cement don't go well. But this plan will change laid to well, by the way. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh man. Yeah, and this is one of those deals right over the lap or cry. So what does this mean? Is there really a Santa Claus? That's what I'm asking. I mean does this mean that I won't even ask. I'm sorry. Excuse me. I'm asking real questions and expecting real answers in this place. We have two open lives that grow in one day to visit any interest here or we can keep a puppet of music. I enjoy that. Commodore is meant out. I hate that song. I love the Commodore is though. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Hey, this is Matt. First time caller loyal listener. Yes sir. Thanks for helping me through today with your insanity and sanity and entertainment. Oh wow. We're appreciation for the observer. Oh thank god somebody had four buyers appreciated because they hate me like poison over here. Well that's why we like you because they hate you. Okay. Um, you have a poll question about oral effects and sexual relations. Yes sir, what constitutes sex in your mind? There's all sex constitue having sex in my mind. Yeah, but for the purposes of the Paula Jones trial, the court defined sexual relations as intercourse, not Felicia or Connellinga. So if the president had answered, yes, that he had had sexual relations with the Monica Lundzvoinsky that would have been alive under the definition of the court mandated that he could go. They also said something about whether he tried to arrive here and she claims she had four or not not Paula Jones monocled four or yes. And that was all that we're just eating the pizza. Uh, the president should get left and then care for and a row. That's right. Excellent. Regardless. He knows how to figure it out. Regardless of his answer to that question on the puratory issue. Yes sir. It's got to be your main to the outcome of the trial. Yeah. He was talking about Monica in a Paula Jones trial. And the judge, Judge Webber said it wasn't material, but don't confuse the or remedy right away. Because they're material guys like Madonna, they're material men. It was thrown out and not as a result of Clinton's testimony. Right. Well, this two shall pass. We'll get to a pal. If you were accused of murder and date counting. Yeah. And you had witnesses saying you were at a reunion in the kitschate. Right. And they asked you if he sat on the edge of the bed and couldn't you see the kitschate? Yeah. You said no, but you really did. Yeah. I lie on the road, but it's not surgery. Yeah. No, you know something you're fine for myself and that predicament. I probably wouldn't go out and hire a lawyer in a wheelchair. That's the only thing I would say. Thanks. Have a great day. Okay. I don't want to sound insensitive, but it's just my personal thing. I probably would not hire an attorney in a wheelchair, even if it was the most bomb bad. Which is guy. And I was okay. I mean, it would be one thing if he was like Clarence Daryl on a wheelchair. I was like, oh, no. Sorry Clarence. I mean, like the real clearance Daryl. And I really dynamic and forceful and emphatic and like, you know, but this guy's like a slumped over guy in a chair keeps dropping a microphone. We have an open line of day two and a Howard. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Boy, I'll tell you one thing. Will we make it till two today? This is one of those days when it's really the verdict is really up in the year. Just like our program director, it's up in the year. Here's Helen Delho. Hey, you know, hi, duh. Okay, sure. I appreciate your show and helps you make it through today. Thank you questions. You have won't watch them. The guy who runs the country here last night on TV. Yeah, you know, don't you only do. He's talking about this surplus. Where does this surplus come from? From the surplus store. My, in fact, my family, we staff the surplus outlet in Canada, they would be your sir. You get the surplus at the surplus store. Any other questions? Two over the, come on. Let's get going in here. I don't want to sit here and have to play music till two o'clock on a day that's already one of the worst days in this year in my life. But these people are brain dead. They're brain dead today. They got nothing. Like I've all, how many times did I sit this before? Either you come in sick or the world is coming around you or both of the above. And the, the soccer audience will be there. No, no chance. Those are the days, especially they've worked you like to play. Like you got bubonic play that they're going to catch over the phone if they might call. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Jesus, God and Joseph, how can I possibly? What am I doing here? Here's Fort Waterdale. Hello. Fort Waterdale. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I just gotta tell you, like a slipper, I think I've been out and decided I'm getting a hell out of this hole. Good for you, Paul. And I'm going, I need an actual case. I'm going right back to Maine. We're the man of men and the cows are scared, but that's besides the point. Yeah. I really gotta tell you, I've been here for a year and I've been listening to your show ever since and you and George have got the best show in town. I don't care. On the East and Seaboard. Yes. So I just really appreciate all this and you know, this is the only thing I listen to all day long and you guys are just great out of this world. No problem. Good luck to you. I'll see you in Bangor. Huh? We have an open line the day one in Broward. 5, 6, 7. He's going to Maine for crisis. You ever see how far north Maine is on a matter? That's way up there. That makes Canada look like, I mean, it's way up there. Freezer ASAP, but like he said, the law was at LC the Borden cow to keep him company up there. In the day in Broward 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50 on the mobile one line and 9, 30,000 in Palm Beach. How come I never mentioned that? See, they've conditioned me. They'd brainwashed me and I'd not mention that because that cost that money. They have to pay for it if you're in Palm Beach and you call 9, 30,000 if we decide to forward the lines. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. I got to talk yesterday, man. What about thinking about it? A stupid thing in Western Canada, one, three dogs. I got to talk to Zara. About what? See, in Western Canada, what the passable, you can't have them on three dogs or you can't have one dog, one fish, one bird. Yeah. How about that? Can you have a clock at two? No, listen, can't we don't see that when you look, or you don't have a one, it was a plantation. I have two. So, notice, the dog's bread and you have properties that can kick you out of Western. Or it's finding something else for each additional dog. Well, that's another good reason to stay there a lot of Western. Is that crap or what? Yes. How many does it matter? Maybe maybe that's still to ring down some cruel springs. All spring. We all spring. The blue nose mentality. Okay, we'll go a few dogs. Two open lines in date, five six seven. In the summer, who is not on our way to the house? Five six seven, five, sixty and pump, five, sixty on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Orlando. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Wait, what? What? One on today. I have no idea. Okay, I utter chaos here, man. Six kilometers, man. I'm driving up toward Torchorway, no more. I mean, I've got the whole staff from the other building over there. We got clearance and Josh and Junior and Senior and this one and George is showing them the ropes and how to run the board. And then all of a sudden, like five minutes ago, all of a sudden, I didn't go to work. We got to pack up everything, go back over to Sheridan Street. I'm not going to tell you, man. This place does they have any idea what they're doing these guys? No. None. None. Less than none. That is all. For first off, Torchor is still a great job when we're done with it. In fact, if you want to finish the week, I say more power to them. Yeah. All right, Friday is not real good. I don't have a lot of power over info shorter than making me want to secure a nervous. I can serve on this for Pablo, very. If I may. Pablo. Pablo. Pablo. I'm out. Excuse me. Two questions. First off. Pablo. I was watching an interview last night. I guess it was the, there was two teams there. They were on use for one of the news and Ottawa was the other, I believe. Yes. Okay, but no, no, no. What was the match? It wasn't a game. It was the game last night. It was a game last night. Buffalo and the lighting. Was it was when? We've all last night. I was always, I guess, the end to the douche was Detroit game. Detroit, Detroit, that's how we, the Calvary won 3 to 1. Yes, sir. Now they were talking to, they were talking about regarding to, um, regarding the Pablo's entrance to come in the floor. Yeah. What are you calling this man? His name isn't Pablo. Pablo. Pablo, Pablo. Pablo. Pablo. Pablo. Yeah. You're right. We're, we're connection with him and surgery and surgery, federal, uh, regarding to some kind of Russian mafia. Oh, and one on sir. Pain or attention. Okay. Don't worry about the Russian mafia. Don't worry about him being kidnapped. Have a great day in a great life. It's 12. If you 65. 60 WQAM. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Amaman on. I was an all-ter avoided one. 1x1 at my home. My grease says he needs some negativity. We have been told about the. See you on the Gaston Bitchree who said it'sbourne's birthdayonly until Our Sky was phenomenal Nobody knows Where's the three to ten is? After that I wake low Feeling involved here at the Town of the Day's Banana Hotime and I'm still gonna take it on your knees. He got me down on my knees. He was just got a creep. Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? Father O'Kool. God. It's 102 at 5.60 WQM. Thanks coming up at 2 from Shulostake. Two of the most of you here briefly. It's a clock. Because we got the Pig Ainshow 7 o'clock tonight. And the Panthers at the Islander's 730 this evening. How about we're gonna play? Do we know about it? No. Probably not. We have two open lives today. Two of the Broward pretty weak here today all day long. At least they've been consistent unbelievably weak as in no response to anything. You name it. They want to talk about it. No. No. No. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 6. 9. 9. 4. 9. 10. 9. 8. I'm going to mark that down. the protection of God. Oh yeah, there we go again. In the next brat he says, and he's glad that the president's going to authorize more defense spending so we can buy more missiles. So we can bomb the hell out all those county pickles right? I mean, who do these missiles if we have God? Right. Well, that's like the best missile. And that's supposed to act these questions. Oh well. You know, you're the only mature voice speaking on on the radio. Was it cabbage? Yeah. Can I have a quick request? No. Two fart noises in a half a day. We have two open lines in date. Five six seven in five six seven five sixty in pound five sixty on the there's another four eighteen t wireless line. Just because I'm, you know, I'm actually take that. I've played that long counter is ten times a lady. That was for our program directed by the way. That was a special dedication. Your hundred times a lady. There is the most in and it's not only him. I mean, he's just, you know, another cognitive crack-up wheel that keeps clunking along down the road. Starts right at the top. Anybody seeing him lately? No. You know, I was thinking while I was playing that record. I was thinking to myself of the first days that we run here here after all the arguing and gnashing in all the studio won't be ready and we lied. And then we finally legally had a force them to get this, uh, uh, make sure he's a crap ready. And guess who takes off and goes out of town during our first days on here. All the TV stations, big news paper stories, Neo Rogers returns to the air after seven months absence. Greg Reed leaves Tavostas Chicago for a week or ten days. Spinalists, jellyfish, that's the way people operate when they lie to you a lot. Then they make it hard to find them. Then they don't return your phone calls. Then they go out of town because they're fearing the worst assuming that there will be a technical nightmare. Was there a technical nightmare? Yeah, of course. Every day for a month. Was he here to do anything about it? No. I mean, you know, you can kind of your up in your mind. What a great radio genius you are, what a mover and shaker you are and all the said about it. It's a you're not fooling me. Okay. It doesn't impress me. I can buy my own meals at Ruth Chris. Okay. It doesn't impress me the least bit. When I see that a by and and and word, listen, we're in the fat city over here. We've had the luxury of working at least semi real studios the last 13 months. Were some of those people in the other building on Sheridan Street had been working in a literal toilet. Some of them for years. And now they're they're dragging all that stuff that most stations in America with Shaloud that we're just doing a dumpster. They're schlepping that over here. And that's the reason for all those confusion in chaos because they have to set it up upstairs. And they're new. Whatever those are. To mean new studios indicate no equipment, not just a room. New paint rooms with a view. New paint room with a view excellent sports bar with a microphone. Paint rooms with a view. Here's a mobile and well-mannered. So I do a nail. Great. Sounds like you're already in trouble. The growth eight times on today. Yeah, that's taking a rest. That's right. They need to eight day rest. Good thick and time off. Um, this is probably a very popular. Probably a popular burrito. Yeah. What did you say? What did you say? What did you say that? I didn't have no idea what he said. We have an open line in the day-d-one and borrowed five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty. How do you 18 to one? What ever he said? Here's a mobile and four miles. Hey, Neil, you do on long time listener and joyer show down here. Did you hear what he said there at the end? I had no idea. I didn't. I wanted to get a part of your poll. Yes. You had a poll question. I didn't hear the whole thing. They away from my poll, Mr. The poll question is, do you consider all sex as having sex? Absolutely not. I think when you have sex, when you actually have to kiss them, when you have empathy. That's true. I never thought about that. You certainly don't have to kiss somebody to have oral sex. No. There you go. Very good point. You ought to be able to be up there instead of the guy in the wheelchair. I'm sorry. Love you down here and I wish you could play a little bit more of the lotion in a basket. Okay. And have a great day, sir. That's our run on the west coast. They love me over there. They hate me in day and hour, and the west coast. They don't only well enough, you're taking me. It works the lotion in the basket. They have an open line in date, 560, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T wireless line. College of State's the lotion in the basket. Here's a mobile in Del Rey Beach, Ella. Neo. Yes, sir. You know, I've been hearing your station with that advertising for the phone service, a limited phone for 200 hours a month, and I don't know the name of it. Can you give it an answer? I want to get it. Mobile 1. Mobile? Mobile? Mobile? Mobile? Mobile? Mobile? Mobile? Mobile? As an estimate, mobile? No one. Now he catches on. Yeah, mobile, will you want the number? Yeah, please. I don't know what the number is. Just a moment. One moment, please. One, triple, what am I given? What am I given? Triple A, 1800. Right. Phone, THLNE. Right. Got it? Got it. M1. M1. That's M as in mutilation. I got it. Okay. Thank you, N- Okay. Okay. That's another interesting thing. So you could have told George for that, but George does not have a list of the phone numbers in the sponsors, which is just another minor thing. We give a brilliant people call in George all the time because if they call the switch boards, over there in Chirore and St. They say, uh, they don't know what they're talking about. Any switch board here. Right. They call those switch board upstairs. Okay. Okay. Okay. No speaking of laser upstairs anyway. I'm a trouble maker for us. And for George L. asked our general manager, no less because of the devil, wouldn't it be we really need the list of the numbers we had in every other station we've ever worked at so that when people call since we're supposed to be doing a job for those sponsors, we can give them the phone number, the address, well whatever information the audience wants because that's part of servicing the client. And Greg's response was, 9 minutes after one and 5, 60 WQA and a few minutes. For one night only in Fokker Ritson, since from Silver and she heals retirement gyneo association proudly present the one group taking senior citizen by storm. People by girls. Oh, you know what I'm all but I'm feeling really wrong. I forget. You all your favorite old-spice girls and get dispensed some time with them. And what? Oh, funny! How are my feet? Well I see pictures of my grandkids. I'm kind of taken now. He owes five girls. If you want to be my lover, you have to take time to hand. More funds and a madlock marathon. 14 is 5, 60 WQA. I think I'll do Chester Lunster. Now that's sound from our friends over at the sub center on the corner 441 in the Ivory Row. What? False? I beg you pardon? If you got to have big ones to do this, you almost there. Yeah, I had my meatballs and cheese that I didn't mind. I had kids and that was very depressing news. I write it at the beginning of the show. Which maybe you didn't hear and I'm not going to repeat it again. About how your body becomes ten times more retentive of fat. If you go into ketosis. So if you do the adkins, I think the best deal is to just be satisfied and lose it slowly as opposed to really going into pure ketosis, which isn't good for not for you in the first place. Because then your body becomes just more adept at what you do start getting bad stuff. Again, just gobbling it up there and hang it on to the fat in it and make you a fat is a piggy in a no time. That's the answer for it. It's what they're in very serious book. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, New York. Yes, sir. I think I'm going to put up a lot of money. See? He and the world's coming in. See? Are you doing great? All right. See this? Your poll question is of course not. You're getting a blow job. It's not having sex. Honey, like this, you see? I think this, if they would have just taken a survey, if they would have read the journal of the American Medical Association, or talk to this audience, they would discover this is all a waste of time. You're right. Well God bless you, sir. Okay, bye bye. You can go find some. I love you. Closing? See? It's a ghosting. The sound that he has? Goldstein? It's ghosting. The money show. Oh, Geldie. Geldie, yes. You got the phone? You got it. All right. I'll leave it there, Chief. Bye bye. We have no holds. You know, even that car is the postcard that hate Neil Postcard from Charlie and his friend. Said to Joe, Defo and Gordstein. Something like you're God damn Lofer. We have an open line of day five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. This thing today, this was just astonishing. You had to be here to see it to believe it. And you wonder why I'm getting psychotic? These poor guys, they're running around here like, uh, somebody knows what they're going to course. By the way, is our program director here to kind of like be involved in or supervise this? No. Kind of might be when we were moving out of IOD over to Paxon. And the PD was like, I locked in a room somewhere on the floor with a bottle in one hand and got all of those, what else he had in his other hand. Yeah, we didn't see him until Wednesday. And yeah, and all of a sudden, we come in and we're working morning, noon and night to get that to go, ready to go out of the Paxon building, come in one evening to do some work in there. We are sitting in the PD's office with his feet up on the desk. Like, wow, I'm actually here, which he didn't expect to be. Yes, Steve. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Steve. They want you. They want you. You. They want you, too, briefly. What a business man. I keep telling you people, you think I'm joking, you think I do it for comic effect. Don't get near this business. Don't not just don't get in this business. Don't get near it. Here's a mobile in Delway B, cello. That he knew, yes sir. As far as he's putting his attorney goes, is he? Is that his personal attorney? Is that a white woman attorney? He's got a whole bunch of them. No. that might not know he's a personal attorney well the guy looks like it's not even so much to be a wheelchair but it looks like it's not but I thought I thought it was a public defender yeah I couldn't believe it well maybe we're cheap you know couldn't pay all that money to Paula that's very possible one more thing the problem is that Gregory Craig is up there as we speak right now the white house special counsel Gregory Craig he's up there now how can a china uh... they get the thing so you get it over with the agenda over you let's get on the important stuff right uh... it like the poll the poll itself yes sir uh... at all these guys that are saying a blood job isn't sex right after now they feel that their life is if their life is down her knees blown everybody on you know at night excellent point that's going to be part of the poll thank you all right see uh... ha ha ha ha no a blood job isn't sex when you're getting it are you following this now okay when you're getting it is not sex so bubble wasn't having sex because he was getting scored score so to speak that's a very good point there now if it happens to be your wife or girlfriend or both of the above who are giving it then there could be a little problem could be a sticky situation we have an open line in date one in brown five six seven five fifty pound five fifteen but the guy before he made a very good point that is you have to kiss somebody before you have sex well not necessarily but you would think so that they would go along with it little lip action in their summer here's a uh... mobile and sort of i saw hello yes sir meal yes i hope it's an issue your poll yes if the cigar don't fit you gotta quit if the cigar don't spit don't fit don't fit then you have to a quit okay thanks johnny we have an open line in brown one in date five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen to wireless line i mean here's a country here is supposed to be the greatest country in this f-up world of ours where people are slaughtering each other i love last night by the way when he talked about cost of all and the guy i think that got the biggest donation next to uh... next to uh... semi-sosa which rhymes can't decide by cost of all got the biggest donation from everybody nonpartisan last night because naturally we want to make it appear that we're really very concerned about all those people that we slaughtered over there and i was reading over the weekend about the five hundred article that i've read about how all these cliches you know after the holocaust never again never again how could how could good people sit by and watch these things have and of course it goes on every day any teopia and all over african i mean uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... what used to be you were slavia which is now just a slaughterhouse we have the pictures on cnn we're looking at it we're looking at the body they show us a picture of that kid crying and i can't imagine why is crying so family's line there dead let's try to figure that out the oven slaughtered comes on every day so don't get me this bull crap about well we are and i was the one thing you said that i you know and the reaction was just so so plastic so phony we're not doing a goddamn thing about it this is people are dying being slaughtered but you're every day and the rest of the world as long as we got our candid ship boy already ravioli and whatever else we want we sit back and hey screw them you know that's the way the world works and if hitler wouldn't have uh... threatened the uh... this country and all and if him and the japs would have said okay believe you guys alone we just want all european age or whatever is over okay go ahead we want to give it a crap they just left that wine sign Churchill guy alone though who knows what would be going on now you're singing a duchland uber allows are we already are here's davie hello eighty how you do it pretty good sir was a sale uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... the blockbuster a blow job is not considered sex that's the spot that you're right there five of that's part of my off-golf with the leadership uh... well i never waited what if you're girlfriend is giving one of the somebody else ant recognised a white I forgot they aired home. Yeah, there's dogs over there. Oh, one. Eric Hall RBR. No What's called is the plant issue? Dakers. Yeah, what's called a was the Comedians complain about was it a 28 part of dogs that were left out of 10 to both of them were pit bulls. Yeah Yeah, what's called a man. I mean, now this is this is Samus the guy that was talking to me about Weston Maybe he was confused before the Weston was in Washington. Are you doing and that's a dude wants to do that? He's in another story. Well, the most of the people who are the best with a big He would be charging things because it was just because of the person who was hired to take care of the dogs to adopt the If like days oh Yeah, yeah, all the other people He's that side of the acres and anybody that messes around with dogs can't be in the acres I'll tell you right now running dog kick them out. That's best for the people That they should live at the brilliant pit bulls because they're serious animals, man All right, they'll take any of you fucking two maybe they can play in the NBA If they're serious animals, how's we'll train to them by the way? Damn it. We almost had them. We we have an open line in date What in Broward huh? I'd like to see you all I'd like to see I'd like to see Pat Riley with latrine Speewell's hands right around his neck that that moves some of that hair out of place a little bit One thing you got a mint whether your sports fan or not this time Jimmy Johnson would adhere that never moves that big white Cross that he's got and Pat Riley with that grease down slick back with a hair never moves They may not have the best teams in the world, but they got the best god damn hair that we can slick back Maybe that's why rumors trying to do that thing now. You know, just him on those go. You don't watch it Yeah, he's got like eight hairs. He just greetses them all back Lots of people getting a haircut, I guess. Here's Miami Lake. Hello Hey, let me you. Yes, sir. What is the George concern if I'm a faggot or not for Miami lakes? What is George's concern? Yeah, I mean you're asking me you're the faggot for my amylaid Are you the faggot for Miami lakes Maybe yeah, and what is it to him if I am on it and what can we do for you? Why do you keep calling the show and bothering George? What do you want? Tell Tom what do you want to talk about? Well, I mean I want to know why why don't know what do you want to talk about what do you want to talk about? Well, I want to talk about the course first of all. Yeah Now, over you are when you're giving all sex you consider with sex when you're given a guy blow job. You consider with sex No, it's not sick. Okay. Thank you We have an open line of power to to end day five. Well, at least he was honest about it for Christ's sake Right He said when he's given his boyfriend or some strange or a blow job that it's not sex. It's just he's being friendly He said it's the Hispanic and ways what he said Two open lines in date five six seven. Oh five fifty pound five sixty. This is what you call the laid reaction I asked the whole question like about three and a half hours ago three hours ago When that great article by Ellen Goodman in the here all this morning technical sex were great column On a real survey done by the mayor or somebody who writes an American medical Association journal the jama who got canned for putting the article in because they claimed that we're mixing politics with science and medicine 60% of the college students said that a blow job is not sex all sex is not sex and 18% of the people in the survey said that anal sex is not sex How do you like them apples? How do you like that? I don't get it in the same other words It's like if I give you a salami sandwich Okay, and you say to me that's not a salami sandwich. It's a hamburger and I said you it's two Slices of bread and there's slices of salami inside and you say yeah, it's a hamburger I mean if you decide it's a hamburger who the hell might argue with you, right? Right, I guess it depends on if there's like two cheeks. I'm sorry Don't start with the two cheeks, Miss Alami, okay. It's too close for lunch time. You blow too much you're in troubleOkay sis household Dancing, talking like a baby. Booty's a little draining. Why can't you answer that? You don't know like a fan. Be full of snow, rubber, sign. That show, your throat, tongue, healthy. Dancing, healthy. Gelty, your lovely man, it's just don't have such a galley. You don't belong there on the earth. And, delity, so sport can wake you your voice, crack. Of anyone who sounds like that should find another job. And say you're only saying you back when both your babies drop. L-carby, salty. When you're gonna grow up, give a good one, a grow up. You silly, silly, fool. Those dim-rocks have me too. You're pretty, you've had this boy. Thank you. Now die, die, die. You're a part. Okay. 135-15WCM, so good. That's fine. Pretty good. Right-requate, who's White House, Purple Cowboy. Who's in the manager? This dynamic has been unfair to the president. We're at number six with the eight of charts and charts. We just try to pick those down. There are many more fields in the cigar. There's a good answer now. But anyway, at least we got a guy. First of all, it's like a little more animated. Again, I don't want to sound insensitive, but it just strikes me as the guy was very bumpy and in the wheelchair and like, he looked like a lurch. He looked like lurch in a chair. You know, I kept dropping a lovely, or my kind of floor. I just, I don't know. Maybe they wanted to start out with that guy and work up to the good stuff. Here's a mobile-in-four-later nail. Hello. Mobile-in-four? Hello, a lot of value, sir. Hey, how are we doing today, Neil? All right. Before I let you know, I'm finally doing it. I'm pulling up, moving out of this low-marrow sucking town. Yeah. Moving it, starting your top is so close to Vegas to punch my brain. There you go. But don't let the Mormons know your punch and your brains out of all the way. Dude, I spent a lot of time in Vegas for some reason. There's some cute plot more than that there. Neil? Not bad, not bad. Yeah. So I just let you know. Don't be far, I go. We can't get through it. Okay, good luck, though. Yes, no matter fact, that guy that they're going to have the Olympic in 2002 in the city where it is honest, he is, you know, with the Mormons are, Salt Lake City where they wouldn't be driving people in your own. Where everything could be on the up and up in Salt Lake City was good on his morons are. How many did maybe we were in there magic underwear, two tight? Maybe that's why they started giving all those brides out. We have an open line of day one in Broward, 560-560-560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Halendale. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. I enjoy your program. I'm a very entertaining, I'm a former div. Yes. How a very question for us and then we'll get to the blow job question. Yes. You mentioned about your blood pressure, you took something forward and blood pressure dropped down and you were able to cut the amount of medication you're taking. I'll forget about that. That was an ugly idea, I forgot about it. It talks you to ten and I think that's what made me sick. Oh, it made you sick? Give me the flushes. I still got flushes. Oh, I shouldn't use it. No, don't do a plea. Oh, good. Okay, that vlog give you my opinion on the blow job. Yes, sir. Yes. Blow jobs are not sex. And all these guys that have been paying for sex and blow jobs, they've been getting screwed. They're getting sure changed. They've been getting short changes. Don't say they've been getting screwed. They haven't been getting screwed, but they've been getting sure changed. Okay, God bless you, sir. It's like I said, and say how does any Rosenberg. We have an open line of day one in Broward, 560560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I think what they're trying to say is that most people like you like young people. Like virgins, which there must be one or two left in the world over the age of 12. Virgins will say, I haven't had sex yet. And that means they haven't had sexual intercourse. Doesn't mean they haven't masturbated or they haven't had oral sex giving or receiving. But especially if they're in the church, you know, Christians play that game a lot. Do they really? Oh, yeah, we did. Play what game a lot? They don't fact in the church. Oh, that game? No, what game you talking about? It's a men's ex-game. A cement. And see, that's the interesting part of it is they say he's the one that's playing a semantics game. Baba with the depends on what is is and was was and what what and we we and that's. You know, and of course he was playing a semantic game because he's trying to get off the hook because she had or whatever the word they had it. Okay, because what about heavy padding? What about heavy padding? Is that sex? Is the hand gel asked you dog? I don't know. There's a mobile implantation, hello. Yeah. Yes, my opinion on the DJ pole. Yes. I think it definitely is sex. What is sex? Yeah, but more importantly, I think, I think, London and Bill and Monica, I would say the biggest opinion is probably Hillary. What does she think? What does she think he was getting it from a Hillary thinks that a fad's what she thinks he won't be mad? That's right. And I agree with the guy who said the Catholic girls or the Christian girls don't do anything other than, you know, one other than an intercourse. Yes. Right. And say that there's the, you know, something that raises an interesting point though, because you can give all the blow jobs in the world and do all the other stuff. And if you never had an intercourse, you're still a virgin. Right. Right. And that's the way that's correct. We have a Jessica. Hi. Thank you. And hey. So there you go. So I guess the bottom line is it's good to get in that Catholic church. There's a lot of stuff going on. The girls are virgins, but they're doing all kinds of stuff. And then the priest, of course, if the girls won't put out, the priest will always let you help in hand or whatever. All you guys out there. We have an open line in Howard five six seven, five sixty and pound five sixty. He's back in the air. He and T. Wireless line. Hey, thank you. Chuck God bless you. You're a great American. Chuck from the sub center just brought by my lunch and looks like George got a little, 20 or 30 big sandwiches in there too. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Yeah. Hi. You just be me to the point. The point about the, about the virgin. Yeah. It's a good. It's an excellent point. I dated four girls. So back in my youth that they all claim to be virgins, but they all perform the all set. They had a good head on their shoulders. Yes. They did. Right. And you said it's an ethic if you say, Parker, she's the point of view. To the day, they'll say they will virgin. And keep in mind, it was new. Gingris said love the world sucks because then he could say he never slept with a bitch. Well, there you go. Okay. And have a great day. Okay. And by the way, George wants some of those numbers. We have an open line. Yeah. Come on. On you. Catholic girls out there that are good virgins that are being re-opened. Like the virgin Mary, if was good enough for her. It's good enough for you. And how many times have I tried to tell you that? Talk about if you just just like Joyce one elder says on that thing. And by the way, what a funny name that is Joyce one. But just like she says, there's more different ways. That's why they have those TV spots in Amsterdam right there on the right over public TV. And there's the teenage boy and the teenage girl sitting side by side. And they're masturbating together. Is what they're doing. Oh my god. I mean all the way to score scores. Closing. Yes. Right over your TV said. And they're saying, hey, guess what? There's other ways to, you know. Now can you see that? Like on Channel 7 news tonight. Rick Sanchez and what's your name with the funny eyes? And Mitchell, Marilyn Mitchell? No. No. I can't see that. Get a 90 share. I guarantee you that. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Go on. Okay. That must have been a real quick there. I recognize the sound. Here's Delray Beach, Chela. Here's the full lot of Del. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I have the abbreviations from the American Heritage Desk dictionary. Yes. Yes. Sexual. Of or involving the union of mail and female sex cells and relations, feelings or associations with others. I don't know what that means. Association with others like in the Elx or the line club. I guess. But I think that giving the BJ is sexual relation. But I still think that they had to let the guy go and let him run the country. Okay. All right. I got you down. Yes. By two open lines in Broward 560, 560, pound 560. I think the bottom line there. They're all a churren Hillary. And now she's the big hero now. She's going to run for Senate from New York or wherever. But why is she the big hero? If she would have been servicing her man properly, we wouldn't have had all this business. We wouldn't have had all the BJs in the White House. We wouldn't have had no mess on the dress. We wouldn't have all this crap going on right now. All of the networks like it a lot, especially MSNBC and CNN and CNBC. They love it. They're sucking it up big time. Figure that Monica ever did. But if Hillary would have been a good, do-to-ful wipe that, you know, that knew how to service her husband properly. And knew that it was not just the over-office, but also the oral offices as well. We wouldn't have to go through all this bull crap. But all those 50, 60 million dollars now. Gotta be, hell of a lot. I mean, how much you think all these impeachment proceedings are costing? We're talking tens of millions and millions of dollars because the president wasn't getting the done properly by his wife by the ice princess for 14 years. They hadn't done it by the way. Anything. 21-2. And by the way, has anybody told Hillary that women's smoking cigars now is in, you know, she's a little bit on the slow side. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. And he won't vent over and share with the same disease. Outside of something hanging down there, there back is all I can see. If you're just a little bit too tight for this, I'll use some K-Wide jelly inside of me. What does matter who you do if they can't see you when they're taking it of the truth? Anyone that don't know if you're a chair could see a girl or a guy. As long as there's not too much hair, and it's just feel fine. Every time I see a brown eyes smiling, I'll write it from behind, then inside is the only thing that's really sweet down from getting on is when the other ones far. Vent over the chair. I don't care if there's your legs up far. One forty five, five sixty WCM. So when come to look at the conclusion, we took a survey today, even better than the Jammer survey. And almost unanimous, when one dissenter, virtually everyone who called her today said that a oral sex was not sex, and anal sex is not sex. Only vaginal intercourse is sex. Other than that, have a good time. Great letter to the editor. You read this. Maybe I'll save it. Here's my me, Lake. Hello. Any article in the case here? I just wanted to, you know, you can add another two books to that survey because I had said a little story you might get a kick out of. When I was right on a high school, it was about ten years ago. I used to, I guess you could see a square around with this girl. And she wouldn't have sex. She said she wouldn't want to go all the way because she had a boyfriend. And she felt guilty. But I need this to say, we got a bullet on the left and right. And it was like, that was okay with her. You know, I'm just saying that a lot. A lot of people don't think that it's as long as you're not going all the way. Well, take a look at her. Sex is only one thing to say about that. I think you guys out there owe us some gratitude. Okay, and back you all, Bubba, he's the one that invented this. At least in public. Just tell these, these will these been both they want to stay versioned. Okay, but little oral sex. That's not sex. But I think that's not sex. I think that's not sex. I think that's not sex. I think that's not sex. I think that's not sex. I think that's not sex. But little oral sex. That's not sex. That's just mess around a little bit. We have an open line in Broward, two in date. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T, whoever's one. Now, I don't want to ask you the question about what's going to happen tomorrow. No, seriously, because I'm planning on being very, very ill. And about 730 tomorrow, call you and say, I don't think I'm going to make it in there. It all depending on what's going to, because I hand anticipate total and utter chaos over here. And like somebody asked me only minutes ago, what's the big hurry here? What's the reason for all this chaotic rush and people running back and forth with curtains for a craft and running back over there with her? I mean, are they being evicted from the other building? No. I mean, the only possibility is the other building being condemned and torn down. That would make sense to me. But that unfortunately is not happening. So it's not like there's a major emergency. Especially after they've stalled these people off and lied to them for a couple of years about being a new studio. There's no emergency. That they could actually take their time and do it right. But there you're getting a little bit too pushing out. You're getting carried away. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I have to say that I can't hear you. I have to say that I disagree with everyone. I think that the blow job is definitely a form of sex. I think in unless you consider sex, say, just a vaginal intercourse, I think everything. Even masturbations of form of sex. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm Peter Wraith. It's probably giving me a blow job by not down in the miners actually. Okay. All we said he blew in there's a gun to the agrees with me. By the way, there's some interesting, we'll begin to those stories about Peter Wraith and days to come. Maybe a little more than meets the eyes to why he's not here. But we'll begin to those. We have an open line of day one at Grower. 560-705-60, Pomp 560 on the AT&T. Why I was lying at all. Oh, God, Neil. She can get our hands and do what you like. All right. She can do you in high heels with thick face, high spikes. You'd like her to be the one she has underneath. Stank her butt like a child, because she's away from the cold world. I mean, you're the one. Under covers with style, she's a cute boy. She'll think of her close segment, the card or your visa. She'll call up your wife if you can't say her seat. She'll grab mail, get blind, but she's away. It's a call girl to me. Oh, I'll have you got the cash. She'll lay this blue wall. You'll be fussy and her life. Oh, you'll see her with what's out. When you won't lay one in, but she's watching the time. She can care for the costumes with candid affection. As if they're your Chinese, you might fool the new action. Why are frontiers in tabloids? You're gonna shop in your free. They both have her first flat, but that's their old black tall girl to me. One fifty four five sixty W two a.m. We got tank coming up with two from Shulersstake too.