4T Radio 560 WQAM My Ami Fort Latterdale presents the Neo Roger Show to talk to Neal called 567-0560 toll free for date and error and or pound 560 on your cell call, the opinions of Neal his guest callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM-Beezy read acquisitions or the Beezy Rod Nascar. Now Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 567-208 AM 567-208 AM Josh Freedler, come here, come here, stay away from the news report. In the 50s Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best. Now this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best. I don't know father, this makes the 47th time I've been in there this way. Oh Billy, I want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but just everybody get a spanking. What's your name? You'll wonder why you've never heard about it. Let me introduce you to St. Peter. Father knows best. Going to church may not seem very entertaining but there really is something funny going on here. So anyway, where's that story? Priest, amicably resolved. Not another one of these damn priest stories you're going to start with especially when La Papa is done in Cuba and is not interesting how he brought them just what they needed. They're good stir and lecture. Not food, not medication, not like anything. Just a little shaky finger waving. See we're doing a right to it. You gotta like it's got a shake and the finger too. Priest, too, amicably resolved. Roman seeking counseling said she was seduced. The lawsuit that began a year ago with an unnamed plaintiff claiming that she had been seduced by a prominent priest and that a movie deal was in the works ended on Thursday with an unscoded agreement to dismiss the case. Attorneys for the Reverend Thomas Spaudie. I think it's Pudding. Go to think Pudding had something to do with this? It's spelled F O O T Y F O U D Y OK. It is pronounced Fuddy. It's Fuddy. Fuddy. Father Fuddy. He's not on that show anymore. Pastor of St. Colton, Kappler Church in Pablo Beach and Alinka Sullivan. Oh, what a name that is. Alinka, the slinka. I've let House points out in the court hearing that a lawsuit had been amicably resolved with being dismissed. The case is over. Nobody would say whether any money would change. That's it. Absolutely not going to touch that with a 10 foot pole and don't let me stress it out. And that's the end of that. So obviously he didn't do that. And the Pope is down there giving a big lecture about don't stop making lots of babies. See, it's kind of like a catch 22. And the thing that I found the most astonishing and amazing of all of this Cuba stuff was buried in the middle of the story. It says the Pope's words echoed among many Cubans who have long talked about a moral crisis. A majority of couples in Cuba are not married and merely lived together. Which I think is all the more reason why there shouldn't be no birth control. That's why they got to keep making babies and as a matter of fact, in 1990 only 30 4% of all babies in Cuba were born to married women. 66% were married to women who are not were born like I said. 66% were born to women who are not married. You don't think Alducia was one of those. That's got those two daughters back there. Although he's not concerned about bringing him here because they're not married anyway. Oh yes, there are still many sporadic couplings. You know, if I said about 23% of all official marriages in 1995 and in the voice. Well, that's a lot better than this country were over 50% in the divorce. See it over there as they just don't get married. But the Pope says, oh, this message to his man is so typical, this Stone Age crap. He says the family, the fundamental cell of society and the guarantee of its stability, nonetheless experiences the crises which are affecting society itself. This happens when married couples live in economic or cultural systems which under the guise of freedom and progress promote or even defend an anti-birth mentality unless induced couples have recourse to methods of regulating fertility which are incompatible with human dignity. Oh, so let me read that one last thing. Induced couples to have recourse to methods of regulating fertility which are incompatible with human dignity. In other words, birth control. Oh, no. There was even says Elapapa and acceptance of abortion which is always in addition to being an abominable crime, a senseless impoverishment of the person and society itself. See, you see how the cell feeds on itself in other words, no birth control. So a lot more unwanted pregnancies. So a lot more abortions. It's like a, you know, it's a self-propergerating nightmare. At least that's what they make it into. It's like they know that everybody wants to do it a lot. So they are by telling you that it's all sinful and all hateful, then they make you to come there on their knees and speak to all the priests and the altar boards etc. And so on because they know that you're going to keep doing it. So it's like getting caught in an endless web in a wicked web. It's like a rat running around like a hamster or a durable running around inside that thing. Braktomes forever. So thanks a lot, La Papapa, for bringing those plain loads and plain loads of food and clothing and the medicating. And toilet and any for and toilet exactly tell it. They don't need toilet paper. We know the story. You already told us they reuse it over and over and over and over again. You're putting that little box. That's for a hood of way. No, you put it in there in the illiterate kind of stiff and then after it's, oh, yeah. We aren't way into recycling. Well, there are two sides to one. That's right. Two sides to every story in the naked city. If it's good enough for the Ruskies man, that keep folding it over and over and over and over again. There's nothing worse than real thin toilet paper. I really respect a good place. You go into a restaurant and you got to take a real bad. When you go into the job, see you go into the job. What a terrible thing that is you go into the toilet. And if the toilet paper is good like thick and cushy, I respect that place. Even if the food sucks, at least they got something going. But you go into a public place and or any place, even a place of work and they got real thin crappy toilet paper where your fingers go through, you know, that is a good apply. Oh, man. The single ply, they would they would take that down there. In fact, why not start sitting down there. Castro is full of crap. Let's not want to want to start sitting. I'm a whole bunch of your toilet paper. Let's send Mr. and in fact, Mr. Whipple would have done more for them down there than the God damn Pope. I'll try to do that right now. Now, Al Goldstein didn't say that the Pope takes it up to the back of him yesterday. Did he? I think he did. Al Goldstein yesterday. Last night, I have a report on Al Goldstein. And I only wish that we had a studio in here that worked with a microphone. It really works. So the last two days when I really had some living and breathing people in here, you could have heard them instead of spying all the time, yank it and twisting it and pulling it in the microphone too. But we had a night of pomp and a park last night. There are still puddles, puddles under the table from people peeing their pants from listening to this man. He is so unbelievable. So outrageous. So a real, here's a real guy, a real fat guy who says he would rather eat that Ben and Jerry is fish. He hasn't even tasted yet. He said, he'll even give up. See, instead of that's what he said. Now he would rather eat Ben and Jerry is the need. See, is what he said. And he's real big on eating. See, so there you go. But he ate, yes, he ate it all. He had, he sat down. I mean, they were there at the crack of six o'clock last night. And his wife, which he isn't really as white because they're living in sense. His fiancee, that's a very nice word. Rose, very lovely person. How she ever got hooked up with him. She wants to have a great sense of humor. Oh, I see. Big bucks. She's a lawyer, though. I think she's the one that's got even the bigger bucks. But she's very nice. And it got there. Where did the crack of six? And I'm sitting there eating my French onion soup. Okay, which I love at the track. They got great French onions. Oh, that's boss coming up. And so, well, I'm working my way into it. And so he wants his spaghetti and meatballs because there is a tag in I did pop in a park. So they bring a huge thing that's beginning meatballs. But then all of a sudden he looks to see what I mean. Oh, what's that? French onion soup. I'm going to have that too. And he had the soup. And he had the huge bowl of spaghetti and meatballs. And he had like two desserts. I think he had his and he had roses. And then the whole discussion, basically, other than the fact about how many he'd rather eat food than **** he was there. About Amsterdam, of course, which he loves a lot and about food. Right. This was much better than the scene in fact. So I mean, we were just dying. Just absolutely dying up there. And then he gives fat rich a couple of hundred bucks here. And oh, make me a few bets. I have no interest in any of that. He's not even looking out on the track. And now the urge just got to him too much. They had to get up and leave so they can make your quick one. After like one or two races, he's not interested. We got to go to publics to check out that fish food. I wouldn't be surprised if like 12 30 in the morning. They were still going around all night supermarkets, Albertson, looking for a bed in Jerry's fish food, which is the best by the way. The man is absolutely unbelievable. Incredible. I think only in Miami and Aintree, Georgia, would you open up the local newspaper as in a position, a local newspaper like the god damn herald. And read a letter to the editor like this. Today they leave the herald downstairs and I figure why you even let it sit down. You might as well pick up since it's for free. And since we're in Florida, if it's for free, we'll take it. And so I'm browsing through it here this morning. And here's a letter to the editor. Now you could imagine how many letters to the editors they get from all these goofballs that are just totally off the wall. Nobody would ever put in there. It says it's not accepted as the heading. And the letter says this is from Andres G. Man Marada in Miami. I congratulate the Kainan government. It would have been much easier to have allowed this gay cruise, but the government chose to stand up for what is right and moral. For some time now, homosexuals have been pushing their agenda. Seeking acceptance is normal when they are not. We can look to the Old Testament when godpunners homosexual behavior in Sodom and Gamora. And more government corporations and institutions would draw courage and energy from the Kainan government's example. Andres G. Man Marada in Miami. And what do we all think of Andres G. Man Marada? That damn fact. I can't stand it. Okay. So when we attend 17, I thought it would just bring that to your attention that our newspaper that the Miami hero, which is like all over the entire country, lots and lots of facts working over there on this day. I understand it's like a food farm over there at their hero. And I hear that from very good authority right on the inside. And then of course we got this bitch. We got this monicolowinsky bitch who was not 21 by the way. She's 24. They had her down about like 14, 15 years old. The thing that they get through with all this hyperventilating. I mean talk about a little bit of a reaction and his stereo. Just his stereo. And we know that none of this is being done for political purposes. We're positive about that. But you know the problem is not the fact that the president is horny. All of our presidents have been horny. Even George Bush just look at the name implies right? All of our presidents have been horny except maybe Franklin Pearson is a lot to speculation. We know what he was doing. But the fact is that this president evidently is a lot dumber than we thought he was. That's where the problem comes in. And wouldn't you think if you're the president of the god day in US? And I mean she's another one with a real fat push and a face ain't much either. So you know the president just can't keep it in this pants. And you would as I started to say you think that they could bring him whoever he wanted. I mean this has been going on for years. You know very discreetly and quietly in the mom is the word. So the speak. How is the word? But not this president. I mean if he sees it and he likes it he wants it. He does it and then papa papa papa and loose lip synchips. You know. Tonight on the hysterical channel. Hey, this radio milestone. A real act. Radio's greatest moments performed by the multi-talented The O'Gynamo. Lenny Marge. What the fuck what what what what what we're oh the capacidad. The 15 classes washing the making from here I mean see Patricia. No, that's it. This is one the founder of the national team theathlon oil is full boom boom boom. boom. Oh, I think, I was wondering can you wish that a world-class East-Donastered time was a central time two-clock. A weather-dware-dick, the giant weather started the giant wind of the earth. The giant wind of the earth, the giant wind of the earth. The giant wind of the earth, the giant wind of the earth. The giant wind of the earth, the giant wind of the earth. The giant wind of the earth, the giant wind of the earth. You tell them, Lenny. I mean, my chance. Reenacting famous moments of radio tonight. Oh, wonderful Hallelujah! Goodbye. But I'm happy to have you, oh, bye-bye! Another panel, oh, hey... Just say it to you tunnels. just tasted your snack. Right, don't. We were out on our first date after eating at the next adventure, half day. We were driving in my car. We were letting go at all, with the rest of the way. We're slid apart' a cheese, and the round. We're looking at the world, red dude, red, we brought the glass glass. It's the Green Girl's Don't Fire. What I do, the owner<|ko|> being aian, and the lights peuvent in my hand, and so I rolled the wind. You go down the bus the kids up there. The job is so like something died inconstant Girls don't Translate Girls don't realize you get into a three deck Don't in run l του Th birds are tricky but I have very bad news to take overhead towards behind between the meters and a rock with just a matter of time before another attack. So I have to keep it okay. The picture is getting, and all the parts that push your nose out, are too bright. Your nose, are too dark. Your nose, are too dark. But I can. Your nose, are too dark. Your nose, are too dark. Your nose, are too dark. But I can. You can. You can. But I can. But I can. But I can. Okay. But I can. Okay. The reason I played that right there is George during the previous break was Hock on the Atlantic as it was leasing through pouring through these blocks of videos near. Uh, some of these anal oriented ones and I said having had the hemorrhodes for three and a half months. I'm not interested in hearing or looking or thinking about any of these anal invasions. Okay. Remember that first there was a British invasion and then we had the anal invasion. And then he goes into this big song that it adds about how women's rectum are so much more cleaner and the picture and more likely and hygienic. What? I can only imagine. Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. You can only imagine. Get out of here. You can't compare. You work in real life. You've never put a mirror down there. Asses then the cart is got liver pills. Well, I saw how old yesterday. Thank you. Well, you've got to stand here to go by. I guess you've got to point now. Oh, sorry. Oh my god. The thought of that right there right before lunchtime, too. And he's telling me about algalstein. Recto juice. Man. Oh man. Talk about heaving gigantic mounds. Anyway, Jeff Gordon, NASCAR driver three days ago. Hock on the way on to get this now. This was in the paper on Tuesday. And I missed it. Must have been mighty important. And an announcement that some insider say is not really a big surprise. NASCAR defending champion. Jeff Gordon, this week came out of the closet with the proclamation that he is proud to be gay. Speak at a lunching gathering of Atlanta Hearst Arlist. He made the proclamation. I'm still the same person. I've always made a big effort to get really close with these guys. That's not going to change. Yeah, but he has. Especially that French. What's that French race car driver? You know it. Jacques Villanouva. Is that his name? Come on. George. You got to know something. Yeah. I got out of here. Probably want to get close to him. However, some of Gordon's competitors do not share his optimism. I figured that NASCAR fans will drop him like last week's fishing bait. So seven time Winston Cup champion Dale Earnhardt. He'll probably have to go to Formula 1 racing to be accepted. This is a bubble crowd. The only damn thing they want home always their milk. Pinsky driver Rusty Wallace was a bit more to the point. I'll run over any little some bits that rather suckish wants than a ciphon hose. How do you like that? Huh? That's Rusty Wallace who said that. Maybe he's kind of George Wallace. And then I got this back from a mic. Now can you think this is for real? I'm not going to read his last name on here. I'm too embarrassed for it all. I'll throw it in the tad in the mean stench. But anyway, this is what can I do with you? Why do you continue to bash the Catholic religion and the Pope? You say you bash all religions. But I never hear you talk about any others. Do you fear what you don't understand? I never talk about any others. Like I wasn't talking about the ceiling. How see the money? Breaker called just the other day. And about how they were rocking back in the fourth. They were the wailing wall. And we were talking about the seven day. And the job was witnesses. We're talking about Catholics because it's in the news. We don't think that we had a seven day advantage. Just go to see Fidel. Or we had the. Uh, Uh, Hiny, uh, Schwarzenegger. Go there from Israel or somewhere. We had the Pope God. And he's there. That's why I'm talking about it. You idiot. Why bash the church for a few priests who have done wrong. Oh, give me a break a few priests who have done wrong. You are so brainwashed by Catholic friend out there. I feel badly for you. I feel bad that your brain has been so, uh, so closed and so rotted by years and years of brainwashing and conditioning. It's time to get yourself a new conditioner. Like, probably would be good. He says, remember, they are human. Okay, human. We can deal with. It's just like our president. We don't mind human. Hypocrates and liars. Those are the ones that of course, then the ones who are always finger pointing. Oh, this is sinful. Even a word doing it and got only those. How many alter boys should every president pass in future be considered bad because of a few bad ones? How can you judge an entire entity on a few bad people? Look at the whole picture. How he has found a whole mic as in brecho. And I still, I'm Mike's by the way, doesn't have the name of any straight priest in here. Not one. We're still waiting for the name of one straight priest. He says the Pope is the leader of the church. The church Jesus Christ started 2000 years ago. And again, you're wrong, my Jesus Christ didn't start any church. Okay, so already belonged to one. He was very happy. Yeah, he was a Jew. He was a Jew boy. Okay, his buddy Paul Saul, whatever we were called on this week. Alan Saul, I think from Pompato Beach, he started it. He says, all I ask is for a little compassion, a little rock monocity. I think is the word he's looking for. I love your show. You're very intelligent and entertaining. But when you continue to talk like you do about the Catholic religion, I have a tough time listening. Please give it some thought. God bless. God bless. As in God. Get out of here. Mike with his dribble with his nonsense. And it's not interesting how he says when you talk about the Catholic religion. He has a tough time listening. When we talk about the Mormons, he's loving his ears right on. And Joseph Smith, what did that soul? All religions are wrong except yours. Yeah, right. By definition. Exactly. Of course. That's what makes this so ridiculous on the push of it, Mike. Because they're all man made bull crap. Mine is bigger than yours. Mine is better than yours. My God is better there. My God is more jealous than yours is. I mean, for crying out loud, how can any thinking person? Believe all this go. They're still trying to figure out who we need killed Kennedy. They're still trying to figure out what they're going on. How that TWA jack blew up out there. They went through all those millions of dollars. They piece the thing together. And they give us 8,000 press conferences. And they lie through their teeth. And nobody still knows what they'll really happen. But 2,000 years ago, this happened. And then I have my cotton. See the world get a life. Okay. Just like those kids, the back street boys, that to me was one of the greatest breaths of First year when Kevin and AJ were in here the other day. He was his bad microphone. And I began to realize that all that crap in that those liner notes in there. These guys, one of them is from West Palm. The one is from Orlando. Nick Carter's from Tampa and two of them are from Kentucky, including Kevin. I was standing right here from Kentucky. Talk about in the end of all. Okay. So needless to say, they're upbringing was real real ultra religious born again. Bible thumping. And yet you heard what they were talking about. They love Toronto. They love Amsterdam. They were there in a red light district. It was a trip. They're all over the world. And they are amazed at how in Europe they have great sex education. People have much more progressive attitudes. They're not uptight. They're not living in this puritanical mindset. They don't give a crap about religion. They may go to church once in a while to make it look good. And like it answered in there is the old church. The oldest church in town. And what surrounds the old church is the red light district. And nobody gives it a second thought. Nobody cares. Nobody's having nervous breakdown. They're sitting in the cafes there. You can smell the aroma and the streets as you walk in by. They're smoking a little weed, a little hash, a little lumber here, whatever they're doing. And nobody gives a crap. And in this country, and there we is again. Here we go again on seeing an air as the Pope. But his cane and the schmothas and airs for the boy. What a marriage maiden heaven that is. Two bull crap artists. Which one got the Tony? I mean, there's a perfect match. If I think they ought to get, I wouldn't be something that they got married. I think that would be beautiful. Okay, get married. That's what yeah, neither can fiddell. He's to busy screw it around on the side. The Pope can't get married. My ass. If the Pope says he can get married. And look at that. He's got the news. It was one of the Pope's decided. Well, they changed their mind. Just like Galileo. Okay. First they said that he was a sinner. And he was going to burn in hell. And they should give me 8,000 lashes. And they just said, like 100 years after he died. They said, oh, by the way, guess what you were right. The sun doesn't revolve around the earth. Oh, what a concept. Oh, right. All this archaic gobbled to go, Mike, I'm ashamed that you wasted the piece of paper. How many trees had to die? How many poor little trees had to die? So that you could write me this piece of sputum on a piece of paper there. Please don't knock the cat, the cat-like religion. And why do you think we got all these young Julios who love this show? Not just because we're talking about the things of a sexual nature on this program, which gets them highly emotional because they've been so repressed. But also because when they hear about what a bunch of bullcraft is, they're saying, yes, that's what they're saying. And they know it's all about your horse dropping, but poor Mike out there. This guy only wishes he only praised in one little part of his mind. He only praised, they can emancipate his brain and think for himself about what a bunch of garbage this all is. But hey, you're not supposed to say that because it's a happening man. The Pope is there in Cuba and Fidel. How come all of a sudden, for that such a good guy now? Oh, yeah, he's having second thoughts and he's becoming a spiritual man. Right. He's becoming very spiritual. Make no mistake about it. Am I getting them on up here about what? What do I get them all worked up about? Because Mike sent me a stupid guy named Facts and because this racecar driver's a fag and that other guy says something about Chuances and want Tommy Wants. Something like that. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes. I'm just going to call you to tell you about the, my brother died of AIDS in 1994 and he was a, he was gay. And when he was the one of the best people you could ever imagine, he'd give you anything from his wallet. He would leave himself with nothing. He would live with a good and a good person and I miss him daily and we're at his mass work Catholic. Well, I was a Catholic. Yeah. We're a Julio family. Right. And I was brainwashing very young. I asked the priest that it's burial at the cemetery. What's going to happen to my brother? Because we were always brainwashed at gay people go to hell and stuff. And he says, well, God, I don't forgive him. And then I said to myself, when I said, why should God forgive him? What did he ever do bad? Yeah. He knew it was such a good person. What did he ever, what did he ever do that your priest didn't do? No, yeah. But no, but seriously, I'm talking seriously. What did he do? He was a better person than a lot of straight people that I know. Right. And another thing, people, they are on the street. I got married to 17. But people, people, yeah. Well, I'll talk about a Catholic family. But you always not be circumcised. Yeah, I am. You are circumcised? Yes. Wow. For this, you know, something I got to give a sitting ovation here for this audience today. We got a lot of clean people today. Thank God for this. And what I'm a people are homophobic because they themselves are insecure of their own sexual rights. God, you got it. I mean, I am, I am open minded. I'm a university student and it doesn't bother me the least bit that see people at our gay. I'm going to be totally because I'm secured my own sexuality. I don't care, you know. And I accepted my brother and I didn't care. And I loved him and I still love him to this day. And I got so pissed off when that priest told me, oh, God will forgive him. Forgive him for what? What did he do wrong? Having his own sexual preference? And he's in the bedroom. And the priest of God is going to forgive him for being a liar in a hypocrite. Well, that's what I'm trying to say. I no longer believe in that funny, baloney mumbo chunk. Oh, thanks a lot. And I hear we get the jackpot. Here's a young guy who's circumcised and has seen the light. Well, I'm very open minded. I'm 21 years old and I'm open minded. I have quite a few friends that are gay because my wife gets along with them very well. And we are very open minded people. And another thing that I was going to tell you is that quality that called about how Banics are taking, you know, taking over. He sounds a little xenophobic to me. Yeah, just a little bit. Okay, now have a great day. But we can. Thanks a lot. There's probably the quality of your right there. There's like a real living in breathing there. And you want to know why because he's circumcised because his brain is free to think his brain can breathe just like your lungs need to breathe. Your brain needs to breathe. And when it's all locked up in that tight in that really to end. And of course, when you got that real like a lot of pay attention and like that long elephant snout for skin. Then my God, a brain that there's like no hope at the end of the tunnel. You can't even see the light. I can't imagine the guy you go out with. Meaning what? What does that mean? That they're not clean. Well, if I don't trust anyone who is in clean. And there is no one in Europe. I have ever encountered who is not clean. They'll be. I can sniff it. I can smell from mid and wild miles away. That's why we have double glass between these studios. Here is a hialia. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Well, I'm the president of Catholic United for life. And I don't know where you have a big deal over the Pope. He does many great things. And I'm the president of what? I'm the president of Catholic United for life. What is that? We are a pro-life organization. Yeah. And you know, I don't know where you make it big deal with the Pope. Because that's my opinion. What do you mean? I'll make it a big deal. It seems to me the media is making it a big deal. Everywhere you look, we see the Pope. He's doing great things. Like what? He wants you to go country. And he wants you to go country. And he is long country as Cuba. No, no. He's doing with the Cuba. He wants you to go country and pour them. Yes. He question communism over there. He question with his fist. No, you're with the word of God. Yeah. Okay. And it's just because you don't have a problem of a priest and a pro. And you criticize them. You know, if you think you could do better, you know, then do it. Then do what? If you think you could do better, then you like to do it. Then you like to do it. Then you like to do it. I'll do it. Oh yeah. You have to be, you know, you have to be one. You have to be a thing. You call it fine. Yeah, I'm that's right. I'm a fact that put that gives me a leg up so to speak. No, you can't do it. You think they're facting in the church. There's all my God. Wait a minute. I want you to get, do we have a bullet? I wish we had a bullet in sound. There's no fags in the Catholic church. No. Okay. Thank you so much. I'm sorry. I feel so much better now. Oh, there he went. There's no fags in the, I thought he was going to have a stroke. I thought he was going to start stroke. And he was so excited. There's no fags in the church. That was it. He couldn't handle that. He ran. I bet he's rubbing his rosary beads. And whatever else it can get his hands on right now. That was beautiful. He's the head of what? Woo! There's no fags in the church. How's my senior brain walls doing by the way? How are they doing? Well, they don't call them that in the Catholic church. What do they call them? All period is lifestyles. Yeah, alternative lifestyles. My ass. Well, not my ass. Maybe you're a pro. Yeah, not mine. Oh, what a thought. Those narrowed up old priests. Like I said, that movie Mass Appeal, but Jack Lemon is one year. In fact, you should have gotten a copy for this guy. Okay. With Charles turning in the Jack Lemon, you should have gone out and got 85 copies and said it to this guy and his flock. And he's doing great work over there. He's given lectures to people who need food and these tell him, hey, keep making more babies. No birth control. No more aboshing. More and more and more babies in more starvation. And good luck. He and go out and plant some seeds in the backyard. I'll go plant some seeds where they'll grow. That's what he wants you to do. Go plant some seed. What's going by the way? Can he watch our friends at the school? WQA app is proud to bring you the WQA app. School of broadcasting. Yes, you too. You too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio. If you follow our curriculum, the course is free. Of course you'll work for free. Go all 1-800-1-B and speak to our director of education. Mr. Lenny Martens. No, you want me a boy? I want a boy? A boy? A boy? A boy? No. No. You're not me. I'll see you in your say news. No, no. No. No. No, no. No, no. No. No. I'll take you on the tour. You need help. Yeah, we have the ZO-LO's beginage course. We'll see that for me now. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We will see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. Of course. What's this? What's this? The woman is out there. What's this? Yeah. I know. Oh, hey. And, I'll finish my books. Oh, oh. And, I'll finish my books. Oh, and. Can't you. What change? And we can't have to meet. And yeah, that's what I want to do. Okay. And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And don't believe this woman's doggy one-of-a-one. Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio. Ah, radio. Where you can hear your own voice. Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your wet radio dreams come true. I mean, a one-fum-tune. Where will you learn? The media is sick and we talk about it. You know, yesterday morning, get out of bed. I go to my TV Sunday morning. I happen to be one of those people who, you know, flips around on the set and watch is some of the new shows. You know, more than earlier, I paid no attention to this stuff. But Sunday morning, I kind of compartmentalized a little bit of my brain. And I watch a little bit of me depressed. I watch a little face donation. If there's something going on that a little other, this week's show used to be greatly before we started doing those ADM spots. But at any rate, so yesterday I'm flipping my local channels, channel 4, channel 6, channel 7 and channel 10. You should all wrought and hell. And thank God for my two satellite. This is especially the big dish because the only way you could see any of those shows up until I think was 1130 yesterday morning was if you had a satellite dish. Because channel 4, channel 6, channel 7 and channel 10, all of the side that the Pope was more important than the fact the president may be resigning any day or being impeached or whatever's going on with Monica Lewinsky. Who isn't really all that bad by his standards, right? At least three years ago, she wasn't that bad that picture they've only shown 25,000 times where they're embracing she's in the crowd and he gives a little wink, it's a little grab and a little feel and whatever else. It's a banana republic baby. That's right. El President Day is doing his banana business and the country is like on the verge of falling because of the president's banana business to show you how immature and pathetic we are. But the thing that really pissed me off even more than channels 4, 6, 7 and 10 was the British. They're reacting to this about how immature and how silly we are. The British are the masters. They are the inventors of all this tabloid crap of having undervious breakdown every time somebody gets an erection over there. My god. And Prince Philip is running around banging everything that moves and has been for the last 40 years. And then Charles was kind of a slow start or once he got started said, oh god that's good and he hasn't stopped ever since. He's just tasted you got a question really since he didn't pick Diane out in the first place and she wasn't much of a prize anyway. But that Camilla Parker bulls man oh man. In fact I think that's what she might be his man oh man. She looks like she looks like something in drag. But anyway they got the balls to be talking about us being silly or where did we go from. From them we learned the lesson well. But we got to see this only the Catholic church could manipulate the media and the public to convince us that this was a major news story. Not a religious story that had nothing to do with this being on there. Here's a mess. Here's a Catholic mess. I understand that there's paid time on Sunday morning. Reverend Schurler with this crystal krfine roll all his millions and that the faker that not see up there in Broward that's on a TV. Yeah, these guys are all over the place and they buy the time. So they can have propaganda and spread their empires raise more cash. But here's a Catholic mess and it's being passed out. Oh and the people who were covering this stuff. I thought they were going to pass out especially that Christian Amam poor on CNN. Oh, it's just so wonderful to be here. And I'll go pull these back and roll. I saw him on a big alitai of 747. Wattle off of their this morning on a TV. He's back over there and guess what? I don't see no political prisoners being released yet today. Do you? I don't see for that kneeling on his thing and crossing himself and saying hell Mary is enrubbing his beads. I don't see any of that going on and don't hold your breath. But channel 4 channel 6 channel 7 channel 10 thought it was a lot more important to give us a Catholic mass on Sunday morning, which I guess most people wanted to go to a mass couldn't get out of the house. Then do a give us the information out what the hell is going on here. And now of course the media in their unbelievable feeding frenzy. Now the new deal is they're taking polls on everything. They're even having a one question how long do you think the president's poll is. And they're having not only ratings on what do you think of Clinton and what do you think of Kenneth Star? What do you think of Monica Lewinsky? Who? Why? What? Who the hell is Monica Lewinsky? He decided to factor where seeing these few pictures on there, which now she's got that big fat bulb as face and three years ago. She looked a lot better and by his standards were pretty damn hot. She was a groupie. She was an intern. She was a groupie hanging around outside the oval office or whatever else was oval in there as in a way. And she was scantily cladded provocatively clad and a president being real hornies that are right. I'll do it. Is often as possible. Yeah, what do you think? What do you think? And then they're asking all these people like Henry Hyde that right wing son of a bitch with his anti abortion thing. Remember the high demand that the yeah they're asking him the head of the Senate Judiciary Committee. Well, what do you think about, yeah, right? And he's just salivating. Look at look at here we go. Simply for Monica Lewinsky sounds like a polock to me. Oh, no. Oh, god. Yeah, yeah, all her buddies. This the other one. It was on the Goldberg bitch the attorney. That's a Jewish conspiracy. There you go. And right away the media is asking everybody all these questions. What do you think that the public is going to do when he comes out with that state of union address tomorrow? What do you think that all the people in that damn human's chamber? What do you think they're going to be doing? Yeah, they're going to be sniggering is what they're going to be doing. So the bottom line is the president's hornie, which is nothing new. We've always known that he was a real woman. I do. And all our presidents have been hornie. In fact, if the night you should have started asking some real questions. I think the only one I can think of in recent history, we don't know too much about was Gerald Ford and being his boring and much of a dullard and dumb as he was. He probably didn't know there was such a thing of screwing around on the side. In fact, he probably barely knew that there was so much of a thing of screwing around like in the missionary position, much less on the side. But at any rate, so that's basically what we got here is, and of course, what really cracks me up is these people who say, oh my god, but this is purgery and subverning purgery. And I'm struck. They've just they told her to lie. Oh, of course they told her to lie. You got to your mind, is there any public official at any level who's going to say, oh yeah, well if they actually just say that you were the best piece of ass I ever had honey. Of course they told her to lie. So what's the big deal? We're going to impeach the president. We're going to force him to resign because he's screwing around. He has some little rocks. He likes his rocks. These people, man, he's hypocritically silly ass people in his country. And just coincidentally, by the way, happy to be reading this similar herh book, which I'm reading three books at the same time. Some little slow. Seems to me like about three weeks I've been telling you, I've been reading this book. The dark side of Camelot about the Kennedy's. And Saturday night, I'm reading this and I came across about the page in a half, two pages here, which I would nearly don't read on the air, but I'll make it a section right now, which I will read since most of you don't read and haven't read this book. To give you a little bit of an idea of what life is really all about in the real world. It's 226, the dark side of Camelot, listen very closely and very carefully, okay? Larry Newman, the first college graduate this family, probably joined the Secret Service in 1960 and in the fall of 1961, was quickly promoted to presidential detail. His first major assignment was to provide security for a presidential speech in Seattle in November. Newman and Clint Hill, a senior agent, flew to Washington, ten days before Kennedy's visit. We had excellent cooperation with the Seattle Police Department. Newman recalled in 1995 interview for this book and the president made his speech and returned without incident to the safety of his sweet and the Olympic hotel. The floor of the hotel had been sealed as Secret Service protocol dictated access was limited to those with special clearance. That night, Newman got what he called my baptism by fire. Sometime after Kennedy was back, Newman heard a commotion not the elevator. A loyal Democratic sheriff had come out of the elevator with two hookers and was bringing them down toward the president's sweet. I stopped demanding was loudly proclaiming that the two girls were for the president's sweet. The sheriff's party included a group of local policemen who would help to provide security for Kennedy's speech. It was clear Newman told me that the sheriff and policemen knew the women and knew they were high class call girls. Before long, Dave Powers came out of the sweet. The sheriff tried to walk inside with the two women, but Powers cut him off. Newman recalled, thanked him for bringing the girls up and took him into the sweet. Newman was embarrassed and at one point threatened to arrest the sheriff for interfering with the activities of federal officers. He only wanted the thrill of letting the president know what a great favor he'd done for him, but what he wanted to do personally deliver the prostitutes was impossible. Before leading the floor, the sheriff officially warned the two women that if any word of this night gets out, I'll see that both of you go to Stilcool, the state mental hospital never get out. I don't believe this he said, but he did Newman recall. I couldn't believe he said this, but he did. One of the policemen, they looked at it, asked me, does this go on all the time? I just didn't know what to say and said, while we traveled during the day this only happens at night. The cops, the farm and everybody else involved with presidential security had been alerted that these girls were going in and meeting with the president. Meeting with the president, Newman said, there was no question about that. Something to do with meat. Later that evening, Newman made what should have been a routine check of security along the corridors of the U-shaped totel. The presidential party had booked all the rooms on the floor and the sweets for the president and the senior age, powers and Kenny O'Donnell were located on one end of the corridor. At least six Seattle police officers have been assigned to guard the fire escape exits on the floor, but Newman found their post unmanned. Instead, the officers were all bunched together in a fire escape well, directly across from the presidential suite. In room next to the president, two young women on the White House staff could be seen having a three-way sexual encounter with O'Donnell. The president's chief of staff had drawn the windows, gauze curtains, but not the heavier blinds. The policeman were passing a pair of binoculars back and forth binoculars that were supposed to be used to survey the streets outside. They were waiting in turn so they could watch Newman told me, the sergeant apologized to me and they reposted themselves and that was it for me for the day I didn't know what to do or say he said. When I saw on Seattle, it became commonplace to me and the other agents when we were on the road. Dave Powers was the interface on these occasions and he defined the women are bringing the women along. The women would be brought out of the president suite after three or four hours. This became a matter of great concern Newman told me because we didn't know who these people were and we didn't know what they had on their person. You would just look up and see Dave Powers munching down the hall and saying, hi, pal, and we had no way to stop it. We were told just not to interfere with it. We didn't know if the president that next morning would be dead or alive. Newman now living in Ford Collins, Colorado, was quick to say that he and his fellow agents loved Ken. They loved the fact that he made an effort to learn the names of the agents and some personality tale about them. It was highly frustrating because we thought so much of the guy Newman told me we really didn't like seeing him think so little of himself if that's the right word. One solution was to blame Powers, O'Donnell and other Kennedy hangers on who supplied the women. They could have been better friends in my opinion Newman said they could have had more respect for the security. They've written many books about how much they loved him. They were really running a hard risk on this he said. They were running a really really hard risk. And that's all I'm going to read. Okay. So there you go. Just from one little excerpt two pages out of the book about Kennedy, the Dark Side of Camelotten. What I've read so far and spite of all the denials, I have no reason to disbelieve any of the stuff in this book. Presidents and entertainers have been screwing around for as long as anybody can remember and nobody gets shocked. Nobody says, oh my god, he's the president after all. I mean, I will grant you that the the concept of the president having phone sex with some slot is a little bit. Togry at best. It's embarrassing. He's the president after all. But you know something like takes his clothes off and God, I sure don't want to see that. But when he takes his clothes off, he's just another man just like anybody else. And the way the media are carrying on about all this. I'd like to see all these self-righteous assholes. I'd like George Will who was on there yesterday opening up a big mouth. I'd like to see what's going on in his goddamn closet. This right wing son of a bitch. When he's not watching the cups of those baseball games juvenile, it's pathetic. It's embarrassing. And I think it about a week he'll be up. Now I really do. I said that last week. I said I give it two weeks. I think my timetable was probably correct. They'll drum his ass out. And of course we know it's not political. Right. This is five six feet. 2 AM. This is a bunch of who is there anybody out there with a brain larger than a small thumbnail is there anybody out there who cares about anything other than somebody wearing a goddamn jackstrap. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I want to ask a question. I'm going to ask a question. Explain to me about a speechman. I mean, I'm going to ask a question. I'll explain to you. Okay. Ricky Ricardo there doing a little routine explain to me about speechman and then there's doubleman. Yeah, doubleman, which are those twins, by the way, there's one for the president and one for Al Gore too. W. Pleasure. You know what that's all about? As in that's it. W. Pleasure double your fun. One in the couch and one's on the run. That's what it's all about. I'm going to go see in Habana with V. Del and El Papa. I'm going to take up religion. I think here's a mobile and for a lot of Dale. Hello. How are you doing? Good. How are you? Okay. I wanted to bring up Billy Clinton again. Yeah. And say the question is not whether or not he had the door lock, but why can't he keep his pepper in his pants for the next two years. Yeah. Why does it bother you that he's getting late a lot? No, I think it's kind of strange that he just can't seem to keep it on their rap. Do you know any men who other than Fags weren't interested in banging every chick that comes along? Even if they look back. Do you? I'm like who? I'm like a small man who is married. And I'm not talking about someone in power. Just mean any man. Any man who is married is not screwed around on the sour you married? Yes, I am married. Well, I sure hope that you force your husband to use a lot of protection because one of these days if he has not already. He's going to bring him home a real big surprise. But you never know how long have you been married for two years? Oh, two years as well. I explained it just wait. You're in for a real shock. But I was just wondering why Bill just can't save it. Can't save it for what? Like in a jar, like in a big jar. Why does he have to go around and do it? It wouldn't even be an option. I think the other ages are all true. I think you ought to be proud of me. A lot of the stuff was just phone sex over the phone. Okay. Maybe he's saving that in the jar. I don't know. Why do you know why do anybody be concerned about the president's banana business? Why does that concern you? I mean, if he was doing it with miners or something, then of course withdraws as in jail. But then everybody's talking about, well, she was only 21 years ago. What's wrong with a 54 or 50 year old guy doing it with somebody who's 21? What's wrong with that? Well, follow him. Not doing it. Huh? What's wrong with him not doing it? Maybe he wants to do it, but eventually what's wrong with that? Would you want a president who's not interested in sex? Why can he be interested with his wife? And what you've seen her, haven't you? She's got a knife, dad. Oh, okay. Well, thank God for that. I'm glad you could find somebody who could relate to sweet, all right? She's got a nice ass. Maybe he's not into ass. Maybe he's more concerned about her. Plus, she's got a real party now. Yeah. Maybe he's more concerned about her. Plus, my God, what is wrong with you? Don't you understand these people are from Arkansas? She's got a nice ass. How do you know you've seen her ass? Well, I know my sister, all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know his truth. He's my nephew too. Well, my daddy is my uncle, Joe, my mother is my dear and I hope he just barely played through sea. My mother's going to miss me. Yeah, that's what we need to do. I've seen our little part in office like Reagan who even if he did do it. He couldn't remember anyway. In fact, I don't think he remembers where to stick it. As in Braccome, right? He forgot. That's what Andy says. Just say no. I mean, it's broad. Here, she was hysterical. Why can't he just not do it? Give me a break. Why can't he not do it? A per Christ's sake, son, mighty. Just like the Pope. I would be surprised if the Pope and Fidel had a little something going on there myself. They look pretty damn shummy by the time he left the, he had a big smile on his old wrinkle up post. And his face, too. Oh, my God. She is in for the shocker her life this poor broad man. But she's been married all the two years. She knows that more moral married guys, then it's grown on the side. That's fucking bitch. Right. Who now wants to be married to some moral, right? Boring. The word is boring. You're looking for a sweetheart. And I guarantee he's getting plenty. Probably right now. Why do you think he's at work? He's probably doing everything that moves sweetie because after all. That's what it's all about, isn't it? Money, power and sex. That's what life is all about unless you're out ghosting in which it's food, money, power and sex in that order. You're the lady in Miami. Hello, lady in Miami going once. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. You're letting me ask you something. Why I say hello to you this morning? I was listening to the radio. I was listening to the radio. My apartment is for me to listen to this. But I would like to say it one at a point. He's forcing you with yes. I'm about to call the police, but I'm tired of hearing about this Clinton crap. It's miserable Clinton. It's not worried about it. Why should we just let this go? Well, honey, what she's worried about or not. She's not. Come a woman. Mike, you can mention me. Not. She's not worried about it. Another one. What you're saying is women don't care whether there has been their screw in a round. No, pay the bills. Oh, there you go. That's right. That's right. Now we're talking. That's right. Who's here? And I'm tired of town four six and 17. All of a I'm tired. If you're in a bad, I'm an amateur working woman. But I'm tired of hearing about this Clinton. And who is he? Who's he? He's screwing. Who's not going? Right. Let's get over better things. Chuck here. Okay. Hunger. Uh-huh. This was born on the cross-decease. Yeah. Let's say more attention to that. Okay. That's a priority right now. How about bombing your rack? That sounds good to me. Yeah, that's great. That's how far it on that. Yeah, that's great. And that's it. And look, she had Michelle over there too. All right. Thanks. I think she's talking about Michelle Gillin. I'm all for that. Just send her ass over there and leave it there. We got the, she the reason I'm pumping the number so much today is because we've only got like a half a line working. And when we go to it, but there's nobody there anyway because the phone's all screwed up. Not that I want to make a big song and a dance about this. But I might be out six or the next couple of weeks since all of this stuff should have been done before we started here. But again, these people man like I told you before nothing moves them. Love or money or threats or illegal. Nothing. Absolutely nothing moves this outfit. Just like those great TV spots we're still waiting to see now they're working on getting those picture cards. Finally after I've belly ached and bitched and screamed and hollered. But of course that might require an expensive. We got a photographer coming in here to take the same old stupid ugly picture. What the hell do I care what it looks like? Just something to scribble on man. Oh, my, you know, George had a very very interesting observation in a while ago, which you may have heard if you run home, which is where they only good stuff on your show comes in. When you run phone during home, when we're talking back and forth on the intercom, which goes on the year, and that is when he first started working for this second right horse and buggy outfit back in May or June after we got our walking papers from IOD. And I got paid off and he did not, so we had to like have a meaningful almost employment. W-I-O-D. Oh, I hate that station. And he started being the production ace for several months. And he came in and he kind of looked around at this joint and he would start bringing up things like that. We're like ordinary, run of the mill, things as people in the radio business would understand and do. And they would look at him like, what language would you be speaking? Like what you'd be talking about man? What's that? With a major reality check. Like you remember in a Zoltan, I'm not gonna knock him because he's a great guy and he looks good. And his wife is very nice, Jennifer. And we went to the interview of the night at Petalumus, had a great meal on Friday night. But when I said something about the log, I thought, I think he thought I was getting personal. When I, he said, oh, you mean the thing that the commercials are listed? Yeah, there you go. And he's one of the brighter guys we got around here, okay? I said show me your log and she kind of turned beat red. Oh man, it's like, oh, this is radio. I thought it was a Chinese laundry. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yeah. You know what the difference is between Clinton and all the other past presidents? You guys are being dumb, what is that? No, but say some scoring around. Just because he's a... No, imagine not as being scoring around as no different. He, no, exactly. But he has failed to cover it up nicely. And he only differences. There's there's 45,000 talk shows and 50,000 media with cameras and microphones. And that's the difference. Yeah, that's a big point. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. When Kennedy was scoring around in the White House, there was, you know, who was there? Sam Donaldson and that old. Everybody knew about it and nobody said anything. And that's the way it was. But now there's no respect. Everything is tabloid journalism. And the American public really believes they got to write to know what his thing looks like. And I know what an old thing is. I believe me. That would be the last one I'd ever want to see. It really doesn't matter though. I mean, like I got caught big deal. Everyone does it. Everyone does it. It's not a course that young lady had called early in the show. Do you hear her? She's been married for two years. Oh, well, more old men don't score around. Like, as you went for a real surprise, honey. I just thought her husband's scoring around over here in Kendall. Probably. Listen to me. I got it. Wait, wait, wait. I just have a quick question. Yes, go ahead. Do you think that you think the Pope... The way he was shaken over in Cuba? Thank you. I give a good hand job. Have a great day, John. Only Fidel would know for sure. Men of God don't do such things. They don't spill their seat on the ground. Maybe that's why they were those long gowns. This is Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale. I had some real hard poems, but small ones. In record this by mine. Ooh, I was so like a small blue fly. My eye run, I don't win. In action, it's the ending sentence. Ooh, now it's known in wild. But now it's way too difficult. It's important. If any time sign through the law, we'll now live to the law. Oh, my heart is beating. That's me. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. That's me. They get a direction by the way. Had a chat with the young priest in Rome, who said the Holy Father agrees with your audience by the way to go. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Oh, my heart is beating. Catholics at one time, another have been forbidden to read Dante's The Divine Comedy, Fielding Tom Jones, Flalbert's Manimbovry, Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter, Victor Hugo's Lady Miserob, and Moya's Don Juan. The list was wide-ranging and brought together under a heading of a mixture of political philosophers, all deemed dangerous to Catholic minds. Confucius Lenin, Vladimir, not John that is, John Locke, John Stuart Mill, Thomas Payne, John Jacques Rooseau, Trotsky, and Voltaire. The list of forbidden volumes represented the world's great seminal ideals and philosophy, economics and social theory, contemporary novelist on the list included John Ghost Passos, Theodore Dries, William Faulkner, Ernest Hemingway, and Sid Clare Lewis, all those companies that bathe, they're telling you like that. And you ask those, continue going there and lending them your tangible support, and they keep telling you, you want to know why they don't want the members of their flock to read that material, because then they might be able to use their brain. They don't want them exposed to any other kind of ideas, except the crap, except the horsemen, or that they're brainwashing in their minds. And of course we see it again today. Oh, so, you know, we have all these horrible things when I was school kids killing each other. So it must be because the movies, it's the Jews that are making those movies in Hollywood. That's what they were saying back in the 30s in this book by the way. Veralent anti-Semitism that made Hitler look like a, like a, but a brith member. That's how anti-Semitic the church was then, and guess what they still are. And they got plenty of company like Dr. Kennedy up there at Carole Bridge Presbyterian Church with his Veralent anti-Semitism, parading the same stuff that I'm reading in the book that was said back in the 30s. About those Jews, those movie makers, those the generous. And by the way, Dr. Kennedy, one of your musicians in the Carole Bridge Presbyterian Church, is a saga. Oh, no. Yeah, I got it on firsthand information. Here's how you know, nobody cares about that. That here's a mobile and I'll go chill, but you, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm Budlo, Budlo is what I feel like saying. I'm a Julio and I heard you're a tape slash week and it was all about anal and anal. Yeah. Yeah, me all wound up over the weekend. How bad. And how, how married to a Julio? And I heard you get worse. Yeah. And I heard over the weekend, I mean over the last week to tape. I'm guys saying that they don't like to do it. It's true. They're not into it heavily, but given the right conditions. Yeah, I kind of like that. They get into it. And you kind of have to take it. You know, you can't expect it every time. It'll have a lot to face it. I mean, Cuba, a little bit of all of a bit of the world. What a waste of a big asset would be. You know what I'm saying? I'm going to prevent this waste of a gigantic round. This is an amazing volupteous circular pattern with a big brown eye winking at you. And you know, you cannot help but get wanting to go in there. Really? You heard? Well, you know, the exploration party panel will follow later. Maybe. You never know. I mean, you know, it's a fashion light. And like I said, so anybody in there we know. Never met anyone. I mean, like, yeah. And the thing is, you know, who else will give it up once in a while. And they feel we, you know, whatever the barometric pressure right away. I like the Pope has definitely acknowledged that I was in Italy. He was making a speech at the Sunday sermon to people were like just peeing all over themselves. Because the Pope said, Neil is right, A.L. is the best. Oh, he actually acknowledged. Yes, he did. But he was like the Gala received both. Oh, thank you. I mean, you know, I don't like to receive. I never tried it. I don't think I will. But if your woman, you know, gives it up once in a while. You know, I think it's a good thing. The first thing that they, the, the Bishop's teach the altar boy is that giving is the, the art of giving is what it's all about. It's a, but the art of receiving a to bed either. When my, when my wife gets it up, I just say I take a accepted as a precious gift from heaven. There you go. And, you know, I bless you my child. Just so forced it if you know what I mean exactly. Have a nice decay. And back to it. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, leave it to that little pervert George. I heard Spirey porch about this is that he was playing all kinds of things all weekend long. A lot of my documents on and on and on and on. That was by popular demand. Yeah. Right. The whole week. You're demanding it. And from the son of it, they're getting it and liking it. By the way, very important thing that almost forgot about speaking of Viagra, do not do not ever pop a Viagra just before you go check out a glory hole. Okay. Why? That's that. Just that's our poll question today. I mean, P.O.L.E. That's our poll question today. Anybody ever gets stuck in a glory hole. Uh huh. Well, then, I certainly you've read about couples where the man and the woman have gotten stuck. No. Yeah. Man and woman. Yes. Man and a dog. No. Man and the woman. Yes. Get stuck. No. Yes. See, you're in denial. Are we going to have to go through another week of this again? And then he had to call the electromagnetic because the mental emotional contraction and expansion and whatever. I'm not going to draw you a guy named Dyer for him. But the same thing with this glory hole business. Sometimes they're guys usually they overestimate their own prowess. But once in a blue moon, they underestimate. And they take a look at that little hole at some pervert is drilled in there at home, D.P. With a drill that we certainly hope he bought in store. That's at least you can do at least his patronized the guy. They have a store. If you've got a dick around in their men's room, hope he didn't put it back on the shelf. What about the drill? But at any rate, so you know, you look at that hole in in the beginning. It looks like it's going to be large enough to mess around with whoever's on the other side. And then all of a sudden, oh my god, is that expansion begins as if by Agra Kixen, you've got a real major problem. Hey, John. Oh, John. Well, when he was alive back in 1489, he was a little guy who stood four foot-five. Died around in Facing with a couple of kids. And he was in charge of the Vatican. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Both-five, John. You see, the Pope is free. It gets married back then. His friends and honey rounds, who they're offspring and kids. So the factors at the Vatican may narrow just in. And he's got to pose the problem for us as if it had been in him for a young. The Staten of the Sea, greedy didn't confess was that he was a pregnant girl under that dress back then. They all dressed in drag that helped keep it in because of anyone found out he'd lose their kids. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Both-five, John. One windy day is dressed blue up in the dust. It's someone else. Hey, that guy has no guts. And like Marilyn Monroe is curfewed high. And every window is with the end of the line for both John. And Paris did worry. The bank would go broke. The Vatican chimneys bounced down. Holy smoke from history. Spend doctors had this a race. Not long after they had the streetly replaced both John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Both-five, John. They buried him or her out of public view and a tomb held together with Scottsafing Blue. These new words are written on his tomb. We pray that everybody will forget about you. Pope John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Both-five, John. In 1992, Roger Mahoney, Roman Catholic Cardinal of Los Angeles told a Hollywood anti-Pornography coalition that the motion picture industry was an assault against the values, held by the vast majority of the people in American society. This is a Roman Catholic Cardinal, by the way, of Los Angeles. The movie industry he maintained could not continue to hide behind a misplaced cry for freedom of expression, to curb the excessive sex and violence in current films. Mahoney called for the re-institution of the Hollywood production code, which had ruled the American film industry from its adoption 1930, until it was replaced in 1966 by the current rating system. Industry officials expressed dismay at this plea to censor the movies. Not just for Catholics, but for everybody, with the alicular nod. Cardinal La Honies call for a modern crusade against the movies with no surprise to Hollywood in 1930, another Catholic priest father Daniel Lord. What a name, huh? That's almost like- Oh God! Father Daniel Lord believed that the movies were corrupting American Moral-five. Used to counter the influence of the Moral movies he wrote a movie code that prohibited films from glorifying criminals, gangsters, and adulterers, and prostitutes. Lord's code which soon became the Bible of the production band, new to the excessive violence, white slavery, illegal drugs, misogination, lustful kissing, suggestive postures, and profanity from the screen. However, went further than simply banning things from films, his code also held that film should promote the institutions of marriage and home, defend the fairness of government, and present religious institutions with reverence. I guess he didn't see the movie priest, huh? You think he saw it? Uh-huh. A basic premise of the code was that movies did not enjoy the same freedom expression as the printed word of theatrical performances. The most democratic of our forms had to be regulated, Lord argued, because movies cut across all social, economic, political, and educational boundaries, attracting millions of people with theaters every week. In order to protect the masses from the evil influence of the movies, they had to be censored. Oh, the evil Jew propaganda is who are filling the people's minds with the truth. I mean with crap, with what life was really all about. And let me say it again, who the hell is the goddamn Catholic Church or these isolated factories to be running around, dictating morality and whatever you can see and watch it, etc. What, I mean, are we out of our minds that this has been going on for like hundreds of years? Uh-huh. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, hello. Yes, sir. Well Mr. Rogers, I guess I'm one of your religious paleontologists attacking in with you. Just tell you that neither the protest cutting or the Catholic Church teaches what to say about sex and the church. Yeah, wrong. Oh, all I'd like to say. Sir, let me ask you this. If the Catholic Church doesn't teach what I'm saying, the sex is for appropriation purposes only. If the Catholic Church doesn't teach that, then how come the Catholic Church won't marry people or incapable of having sex of consumating the marriage? How come they won't marry those people? Because. Because. The Catholic Church, a recognized and was better. That sex is just one part of the total person, okay? And what about if somebody is impudent? What about if somebody is a quadruplegic? Somebody who cares in capable of consumating his marriage vows and having sex? Does that mean that the church would make those people live in misery? Well, I know plenty of protest and churches that were not talking about protest and church. You're no protest and you're a Catholic. I'm actually a typical. Well, that's even worse. Well, I'd like to say to you that I don't think it's accurate that the Catholic Church. Tatives that only that sex is only to make children, okay? Absolutely wrong, sir. Absolutely wrong. I will bring in two positive tomorrow. I will read you from this book which is written by a very firm Catholic. I will guarantee you be on your shadow about those of the teachings of the Catholic Church. Well, so George is getting psychotic, Hispanics calling off the ear or very upset about the Catholic comments I made today. All religions are bookwrap at the Catholic Church. It's got a special place. That's right. There are some religions that are bookwrap, but they're just basically benign. But the Catholic Church is malignant. Malignant. And if you want to be a sheep, if you want to believe this crap, this bookwrap that's being taught you by a bunch of silly old men and dresses, then be my guess. Or by a bunch of silly old bull dikes who look like penguins on a bad day. Do you have any kind of a mind and a kind of a brain just a little tiny one? Oh, I'm sorry. Excuse me. But you've got to keep reproducing and don't forget, no sex if you're not going to be making lots of babies, okay? You're what I'm saying? Uh-huh. Because we don't want to get ill pop up this stuff. Because that's what he starts making sure that the weed that this going around is really bad, really rotten to the core like him. You want the good weed, but it just quit making all the hanky pecky. Just go back in your house and make babies like Martha Jean, the queen, said in Detroit in 1967 when they were burdened the city down. That's what the Pope keeps telling all these poor slippers all over the third world. Go make babies, go make babies, that's right. And then we got all the fetus huggers running around spreading their things. They love that fetus. Oh, by the way, my special commendation to, what's the guy's name that asshole on Channel 4? Dave, the one that's always out there with the a tie? Oh, what the hell is his name? Somebody will, you don't know. Yesterday they had that story about the woman that stood in the house. They were all the way about the woman that stood in front of the railroad train on the tracks and got killed. You didn't see that story. Didn't make the papers today. I didn't see it. This was on the six o'clock news last night. Dave Nelson is epigye and Channel 4. Another brilliant question. He's talking to one of the cops who's investigating this thing. And there was also a fetus on the tracks. Okay. So it was like, they think that you just did their committed suicide. And it's like two people are dead because of the fetus. And Dave Nelson says, Uh, any idea how old the fetus was. Now, I want you to keep in mind, okay. This is a woman and a fetus who have just been run over by a railroad train. Big old, 22 train, okay. Anybody ever ride on a 22 train? Uh-huh. Yeah. Any idea how old it was? That's almost like Larry King asking that poor girl who's a boyfriend. It just been shot and murdered up there in Oregon. Uh, yeah. You're going to be at the funeral tomorrow. No, stupid. I'm going to have an assailant penny's ass. So I'm going out to buy me a dress. What? Dave Stanley. Thank you whoever called. Thank you for refusely. Here's Volca. Hello. Yes, sir. Any other person? Okay. Are you? Great. I love to show. Uh, I'd like to say what's up with the people on our window today. Uh, or actually, lots of weekend about, uh, protesting. Didn't mean and gay and barge noble on all the stuff. What's with the religion? I mean, seriously, people are crazy. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. You just said it. We asked you to rhetorical question. If a legitimization of hatred, whatever they might be. I believe you 100% have this idea. I want to do this. So about next next on the go up there and put this. I want to go up. Go up there and push one clown suit. Put us, um, you know, and like, make them feel really stupid. Of course, then they'll plot the Bible and wave at me and say, uh, no, you're wrong. You're going to go up. First of all, let me ask you. Don't they understand all those religious those right wingers that they're not welcome at Disney World anyway? That's a gay club. You moron. That's right. I think I welcome there. Okay. You're 2000. When you get my friend, we'll fight Jesus. We're going to start a new call. And, uh, you know, get 10,000 people of membership. That doesn't make sure extra $100 or $100 or $100 or $100 or $100 or $100 or $100. $100 or $100 or $100. Do it on the internet, man. You'll have a shit. Do it on the internet, man. You'll have a million by the end of the week. Give that. Okay. Good luck. God bless you. There you go. There's a junior. We have an open line in Broward. Five six. Yeah. The smoke, your pot and suck your whatever it was. Whatever that was. He was telling, that was good. That was excellence. You know, I don't know. I don't know. There were a lot of heterosexual people over there doing horrors. You know, those hookers and the windows and the red light district. Lots and lots. Didn't do a horcer. Hate to break the news. And if I did, I'd probably come back and get like a list. Was he over there doing people? Is that what he was in? Oh, no. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Hey, you. I don't have congratulations. On one. On your reach. On my reach. Yeah. My way out of the corner. Yeah. My name is Roul Second Time. Yeah. So talking to you again. Yes. I used to be a capital, but I'm going to put out Christians. What does that mean? You're a Christian. Christian, I don't believe in a lot of things that are Catholic doing. Like the Virgin Mary. Ah, et cetera. Uh-huh. And I don't like giving it to him. I'm a Cuban. I don't like giving it to the butt. And I sure love eating. I sure love eating. Okay. Great. Okay. Another cat lover for you. And he's a Christian. Well, that's so what it's all about. He's a Christian, baby. And he said he loves. Fuck. See. What do you say? What do you can't say that on the ear? I mean, James Bond, pussy galore. You could say that, but you can't say what he said. But he's a good Christian and he's a whole lot of you. Why do you want these? He's a little maniac. He's got a habit. He's hot blooded. It's in his blood, baby. Just wait till those blood test results come in. Roll your in big trouble. Next. Fuck it in. And hold it. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. And who would you like me? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. And who would you like me? I don't. Morgan. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Come back down. The rain has gone from hell and we've gone out the nail. Come back to the salt. Come back down. Come back down. Come back to the salt. Come always. Come back to the salt. The shelter you've lived for over 2 years. The shelter you've lived for aeenth. Here we go. I used a mastercard, I used a Visa card, I used a Skull of Cards, I used a debit card, I find a failed and I want to find a bargain, I find a bargain and I want to buy more. Oh, the shopping boy, shopping boy, shopping boy, shopping boy. I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket, I'm going to buy a ticket Oh my god. Oh my god. This is a shocking moment for me, I'll tell you to get out the crying towel. Take a second in the church. This desk then, this morning it was announced in Rome that Pope John Paul the second that's accepted my resignation is Bishop of Palm Beach in accord with Canon 4.2. This news release, this is the Bishop Joseph Keith Simon, second Bishop of Palm Beach's resignation, sent to the Vatican this morning. I am grateful to the Holy Father for his paternal concern for me and for this church of Palm Beach, which I've been privileged to serve for a year's and for having appointed Bishop Robert and Lynch as Apostolic Administrator of the Diabetes. As painful as it is for me and will be for others, I feel it important to make public a reason for my resignation. Take my second in the church. Early in my 40 years of priestly ministry, I was involved in inappropriate sexual behavior with minors. Oh my god. Realizing the gravity of my past actions, I have been succeeding years, tried to lift my promises of celibacy and chance to date, and have immersed myself in my ministry as priest and as bishop. In other words, Father O. Fool. I have prayed each day for these persons in their family because it is a memory for where the witch I have lived for far too long. There's a fact in the church. I apologize to all whom I have heard in any way and if by the section in my sixth scriborjual, emotional and psychological competent and distant, then this painful moment for the church and for me they prove to be beneficial to let's not hold our breath. If you can find it, you're hard to pray for me. I seek those prayers and I shall be comforted by them. If you can find it, you're hard also to forgive my fizzings of the past. I shall be grateful. At some of the time, I hope that people of God in the church of Palm Beach will be able to appreciate what I've attempted to accomplish while serving as your bishop. As I take leave of you, I express my heartfelt gratitude to the priest, the deacon, the seminarians, the religious and the altar-boys, of course, and liity who have collaborated with me in building the local church in a book of vibrant, caring, diaccessed and family. May God grant us every needed grace at this moment and throughout the months ahead says Bishop Joseph Keith Simon's in his cheerful resignation to the Holy Father in role in this more. No, forget it. It's a fact that we're in the church. Oh, right. So anyway, how do you like that? Another one of those isolated incidents. God, I can't get over that. Another child molesting priest can't be true, can it? No, of course not. We're propaganded from those atheist bansions in the media. I just got it. With a little look, answer our prayers, answer our call number, answer our prayers, but you want to know peace of my anatomy. To say, I got a leader, I got somewhere else to be. He said, I'm gonna run from you. Don't know what I'm gonna help from you. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, just gone down. May the irony of the fact that this book, women's sexuality in the Catholic Church, by Yuda Rankai Heinemann is on Penguin Books. I was just thinking about those nuns in their Penguin Office, and this is on Penguin Books. He works in mysterious ways. They don't God. Told ya. It's on Penguin Books. There's a very interesting last paragraph in here, rather long paragraph, and nevertheless, which is during the trial of Galileo, Cardinal Bellar mean, who played a decisive part in the trial, wrote on April 12, 1615 to the Carmelite monk Powell, Antonio Foscarini, or he may scrape past the Bible. He wrote to Powell, he said, to assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. This equating by the Church of the idea is first that the earth is the immovable center of the universe, and second that Mary gave birth as a virgin means that Bellar means proposition can also be reversed, so that Mary no more gave birth as a virgin than the sun revolves around the earth. Now that the error about the sun can no longer be maintained and the earth has been given permission to be a planet, the error about the virgin is still to be corrected, for too long human understanding and Christian faith were violated by the false doctrine that the sun revolves around the earth, to this day they're being violated by the false doctrine of the virgin birth. I'd be like that. Oh, God almighty, just something to think about, because we know it's all filthy and disgusting. Sister Mary, Catherine, Jesus. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Yes, sir. I'd like to follow up on a caller here yesterday, I was in the car right now. I had a call yesterday. You had a call yesterday. I remember any. The guy called up and said, what's wrong with people believing in whatever religion they want? It doesn't hurt anybody. Right. And I heard that too, and I thought somebody else, my God, this guy's there, and they have much of a knowledge of history at all. And yeah. Don't you think that since people act on their beliefs, if you've kept a million people wandering around the planet, believing in fantasy, don't you think that that causes some damage? Well, of course, when and when most of the conflict in the world, there are two basic things, two basic things that cause conflict in the world. One is territory, and the other is religious differences. Those are the two basic things that cause all conflict in the world. In religion, institutionalized hatred amongst groups. And for example, if you look in the Middle East and you look at that territory, it's not so much a question like in Jerusalem. It's not a question of whether it belongs to this one or belongs to that one. The question is, you've got the Amazelums. You've got the Jews, and you've got the Christians, and to them, they all think that that's their city, because that's all their holy other thing. So, you know, it's insanity. More people are killed every year in the name of religion. You've got the people bombing the abortion clinics in the plant parenthood clinics. You've got people throwing the chemical crap into the mailboxes. These people are insane. They're out of their minds. How about people breeding unnecessarily because of religion? Right. Because the Pope is writing about it, Tom, to make more babies, so we have more starvation. Of course, listen, I mean, why should we have to waste their time documenting it? It goes without saying. I don't know if I is going to win the, huh? I don't think religion is denying his headcages. It's malignant and have a great day. My malignant friend. We have an open line in day one and Brad. That's why I'm talking about it. I mean, if we weren't even worth talking about it, and if everybody left each other alone, I don't give a crap what you believe. If you want to believe in little agreement on Mars, more power to you, who gives a crap? But when people use this garbage, well, the Bible says this and about who the hell wrote that crap? Are you out of your mind? Are you crazy? Are you nuts? Uh-huh. The Bible says, man, oh man, how many times was it translated and twisted and manipulated? And in addition to which, who the hell wrote it like this book? I'm talking about today. Women's sexuality in the Catholic Church is it just a coincidence that God created Adam? Is it just a coincidence that men wrote these bubble micees? He didn't bother creating a woman, of course, because a woman is like an underling or a hundred dog. Whatever it hell at that word is. So will be a bunch of silly old men wrote this self-serving crap. And then finally, in 1920, in this country like, what is that? Only 70 years ago, women finally got to write the vote? Huh. And then don't forget about those good old slaves and all the other bull crap. And the people, well, the Bible says, don't you understand your parents told you, I've said it, claws in the tooth very, too. Do you believe in them? Uh-huh. Oh, okay. At least you're consistent. Here's your field, be chaloh. Well, Neil, the Bible says the wages of sin are gas. Yeah. Quite a wicked flavor offense and what are you going to give on to that question section? Okay, so now in 2000 there's a short question in class every years. Though Zwild-Wydianuck- episode Farmian was out on our way to a black house, so it's just a bill of information that the late names and your wife, can read these question section things out there. We get to what I think was described� shimpy here, and look at that number here. Oh, yes. Dragon is it? You know, don't tell me what you want me doing. I like a picture. What are you going to be doing during heaven? What are you going to be doing up there, sir? What are you going to be doing? And he just keeps repeating the wages of the sitter dead. The rest just over and over. Hail Mary, holy mother. We're glad blessed our time on swim. Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye. Let's say a bunch of Hail Mary's okay to say this poor son of a bitch. Oh, he's not a Catholic. Sorry. I take it back. Just by the time I mean, that was like sent from heaven. Immediately if not soon or I get to respond some looking for. From another one of these brainwashed idiots, like a parrot. Just, you know, you can teach a minor brutal repurchase. But that, that, that, that, that, that, that, just repeat the same crap over and over again. So that's our poll question today. How many whole Hail Mary's visit take to keep your ass out of hell? That's our question today. How many Hail Mary's do you have to say to save your God damn eternal soul? You're going to be burdened that like a fire. Yeah, that isn't that great loving God again that we're talking about? That great God damn loving God whose rats shall wax hot. But God is perfect. He can't have any rats. Oh, well, those are your, you just shut up. The Lord, I God, is a jealous God. Now, shall have the other God. How can he be jealous of these perfect? Oh, stop. He's entitled. He's God. He can do whatever it only wants. He's... Oh God. Right. Oh, man. I mean, you're talking about people so God damn dumb that it's, it's pathetic. A fetus has got more intelligence than these people who had, whatever brain power they had at birth, sat from their bodies. Just sucked right out of their bodies. Oh, there he goes. Talk about sucking again. Well, hey, it's a works. I know that the Lord even loves Neorodges. Here's my me like, hello. Yeah, I was doing pretty good, sir. Okay. I believe in God, not because I'm brainwashed. It's just that there's no explanation to everything that exists out here. So there has to be something out there that has to be something out there. Yeah, God. What do you mean out there? Well, God, I mean, what is God? What is God? I'm a spiritual being that. Well, I mean, spiritual being. What does God have to be spiritual? Sir. I can't really answer that. Oh. I mean, that has to be an explanation for all. In other words, God, and I'll come guide doesn't get rid of the devil. Because that's what'd be good and evil. Why? It's a battle for everything out. Well, it doesn't. In other words, cancer and bubonic plague and all these other diseases balance everything out. No, it's just in murder and mayhem and wars and nuclear weapons balances everything out. Why didn't God create paradise? Because the world can't be perfect. Why? If God was perfect, then he created it. Then what you said is like, oh, God, God, I'm just an intern. What was like, God was perfect? Well, all the believers will tell you, God, is perfect. He's on this. He's on this. He knows everything. He can do everything. That's God. That's the God of the Golem and the Jews. I mean, it's kind of funny to hear people call up and argue with you about God and the church. But they know you're native, just, but they still listen to you. Yeah. That's what I don't understand. If you're going to be an out of someone, why are you listening to their program, maybe? Because there's a part of them that loves it. They love it. There's a part of their mind where they can't let it sink in. But there's also a part of them where they know it's the God in truth. Oh, sorry. Okay. Okay. God bless you, my child. He's out there. He's out there somewhere. Out there. Is it down there? Oh, we know where you're going to be burning in that lake of hell. Because the wrath of God shall wax hot. He is pissed. Oh, he's not pissed. It's a devil. He's not pissed about all these diseases. In fact, it's God that's always been flipping all these, the the famines and the plagues of the locust and the plagues of this and the flood until everybody on the face of the earth. Because he was pissed off. God's can't get pissed off. Only people ever see that bumper sticker. God's don't get pissed off. Only people get pissed off. And then guns don't get you in hot. We have an open line in date. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50. I mean, a bunch of silly old archaic getchkeys wrote this crap thousands of years ago to try somehow as here's a guideline for how we should be a little bit less barbaric. So here's a bunch of parables. Here's a bunch of bubble mice. He's okay. And now we got thousands of years later, people taking this crap literally and trying to interpret it. Oh yeah. Well, let's show, yeah, I must have been this and I must have been no I must have been a mess on it. God damn arc. How the hell could they had a shovel big enough to clean up all of it on it, Ark. Man, you got gorillas, you got tigers, you got lepros, you got panthers. Maybe even Kirk Muller was in it on that arc. We can only pray and don't come back. Here's a mobile in my music. So, hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Did you ever see a picture of Jesus Christ's smile? I mean, if he had to have my music left. If you were burning on a cross ahead nails in your hands, you would be a smile. Oh, there's pictures before the cross. That is a lie, Paul. What do you mean there's pictures? Well, there's, you see pictures of Jesus Christ's before he got on a cross. He's not smiling. I mean, if I had the answer, I mean, I don't know where the real pictures come from. When were they drawn? Drawing by people who believe. But when? Whatever. Would they ever drawing smiling? They're ever drawing happy. Anyway, that's not why I call. That went away to me. But that's what this book is all about about women's sexuality and the Catholic Church. The book is about the fact that Jesus was joyless. Jesus' hostility to pleasure. And again, it goes on about the fact that his mother couldn't have, she had to be a virgin or a hymn and had to be intact. Because Jesus never experienced any pleasure in his life. I'd say that because you knew what to have. Anyway, Neil, I have, maybe the spice girls were in heaven. Baby, listen, these baseball games, you've got to hurt your ratings. You have a suggestion. Yeah. You go on with Joe Angel and take calls between batters and durings. I think it's a great idea because there's going to be lots of fishing changes and you know, there's, I bet there's some good looking bag boys playing for the marins this year. So, you know, you get killed by the one and so on. Okay, excellent. Let me know what time you're for games on. We have an open line in date, 560, 560, 560, on the 18T wireless line. Here's Carl Springs, hello. No. Yes, sir. Right, to the whole marlins' issue. Yes. The cops finally have a team they know they compete. Yeah. How about Arizona? Well, they're the other upside. Yeah. So now you got two upside. Arizona's one, like what? Six or seven games against the marlins this year. They've only one, like maybe 15 or 16, all year. And almost half of them against Florida. And I have one other question. Yeah. Jesus didn't have sex when he was married. Is that correct? When he was married. When he was married. Well, to marry. Jesus was married to his mother. Oh, you mama. Get out of here. Master. How do you like that? Jesus was married to his mama. No wonder he wasn't having sex. He was trying to be a good boy. I'm going to talk about Mary Magdalene. That hokey. That hooker while, yeah. Jesus did not experience pleasure. Don't you want to do it? Well, I'm going to have to read this whole guy named Book to you, Mr. He ate to his food. Like I said, he ate a lot of stale moths. That's why it was the last supper. He said, fat. He's sped the guy named. That's right. Jesus was thoroughly lust-free. He enjoyed the joyless redeemer. Free from any kind of sin, free from any kind of sensual pleasure. Okay? Although Jesus was called a glutton and a tippler by his enemies. How do you like that? That's from Luke 734. And he certainly was not involved in the last and lowest form of human pleasure. Sexual pleasure. That's right. This is a corny way ruling of the district court of Hamburg, Germany in 1981. In a case where they convicted an author for insulting religious creed and affronting church institutions. And that great bastion of freedom, Hamburg, Germany. Jesus' hostility to pleasure had implications first of all for the married life of his mother. Before his birth, he laid down conditions from Mary's being allowed to become his mother. According to the teaching of the church, Jesus would have taken no pleasure at all in the whole process of redemption. He would not have become man to begin with, or he would have looked for another mother if Mary had taken pleasure. In very more children beside himself. This was explained by Pope Syriqius in the fourth century who claimed that in such an event, Jesus would not have accepted Mary as his mother. Jesus would not have chosen birth from a virgin, had even forced to look upon her. And so unrestrained as to let that womb from which the body of the Lord was fashioned, the hall of the eternal king be stained by the presence of male seed. There we go with that fine Cuban seed again. How do you like that? And this was not just the personal opinion of an individual Pope as proved by the Catholic dogmatic theologian Michael Schmous, who says that with his assertions Syriqius was bearing witness to the unanimous teaching of the Catholic church. No hanky panky, no stains of a giant, no broken huff, buster hymon, none of that. Got it because sex is evil and it's so dirty, which is why God created it in the first place because he likes tempting man all the time. Because of course being omniscient he knows what you're going to do, so he likes watching his screw up because it's all part of a big grand plan. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Hello Neil. Yes man. How are you? Great. Is that guy in it or what? Which one? Mary Mary. He was Mary de Mary, Mary de Mama. What an idiot. I just wanted to say I think this is all revolving around money. I grew up in... ...a Catholic church. Yeah. I went to school on my life at Catholic school. And the minute that you turn away from doing the money, you're not going to preach anything about God or Mary whatever. Right. I'm going to stick. So you're out? I'm out. I'll dig in now. All right. You're graduation sweet, all right. And God bless you. You too. Okay. Fine. There you go. She's out. She got rid of the bull crap. She said this is a big scam. By the way, anybody here about that bishop from Palm Beach resigned because he was molested in a little kid. How to sound by the way. What? Got an update. He's out of town already. Yeah. They gave my head start before they released that. Oh, they put him in the head start program. In other words, so we'll give you a 10-mile head start and then we'll chase your ass down. He's gone. The bishop from Palm Beach, who this morning, uh, ...give, it turned in his cheerful, uh, ...reservation to, uh, ill-pop a enroll. He'd be God. He should Joseph keep Simon's knowledge. He's my great mother. He's my great mother. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I tried to gain Role, who's announced that Bishop Joseph keeps Simon's second bishop of Palm Beach has resigned and bishop Robert and Lynch has been appointed ...appostolic administrator of the DICE's of Palm Beach. And he released his tearful statement, which I read earlier. I don't know where he is. On which I'll repeat only one part, he says, It looks important to make public the reason for my resignation. Early in my 40 years of pre-sliministory, I was involved in inappropriate sexual behavior with minors, not core minors, but minors, little kids, little boys, little girls. Realizing the gravity of my past actions, I've been succeeding years trying to live my promises of some of the sea in Chastity, and if immersed myself in my ministry as a pre-sliminist and an audio spirit, well, he's gone. These are facts in the church. Oh, that was a good thing. That's what the Father said. It's not just the O'Rages on a radio, trying to make the Catholic Church look bad. This is a major worldwide epidemic of perverts who are molesting your children. Okay, oh, we don't want to hear about it. Yeah. All new young people out there stay the hell away from the confessional booth. Okay, when you hear those drilling sounds, when you hear those drilling sounds, I'll tell you right now, that's the time to open up your door on your side and scream up to the Father. You'll listen for the glory home and run like a son of a bitch. Oh God. Where are we going? We're going to a bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been listening for the last week or so. I want to weigh in on this anal sex issue. How far is it? All the way. Oh, my girlfriend absolutely loves it. Really? Yeah. Were you fudge back in? Yes, I am. How do you like that? She, as a matter of fact, probably 80% of the sex we have in up with the final deposit. You know what I mean? There's a court? Yeah. She says that she likes to carry it around with her and then actually don't. Like a souvenir. Exactly. And she says that a lot cheaper than a lot get there. I'll tell you that. And there's a lot less leakage that way. Right. Excellent. And also, I wanted to talk about today's subject, the religion thing. Yeah. I definitely believe in God. I'm like that guy to call the couple callers ago. I mean, what's the sense in, you know, alienating yourself if he does exist? And that's called hedging your bets. Well, exactly. That's not real belief. It's saying, well, just in case, maybe, okay, I'll say that I believe this crap. What if you pick the wrong one? Yeah, right. Well, there are some things that have happened over the years. Not that I'm an expert on it. But I have, you know, heard of some things that sort of imply that there is a higher being out there. Yeah, like those kids that just got shot in Oregon and those tornadoes that just eliminate that whole town in South Dakota. Things like that. You know, I'm with you in terms of religion. It's a bridge of AIDS to Berkelosus. Yeah. I mean, organized religion to me is nothing but a for profit scam. Yeah. That's all it is. And the Catholic, let me say it again. If there is a God, why doesn't he eliminate again? Because by anybody's definition, any religion's God is nipatin. In other words, he's all powerful. He can control everything. Okay. He can do whatever he wants. Why doesn't he eliminate to devil? Hey, you know, those people. And why was God so disappointed? Since he's on mission and knows everything ahead of time, he knows how it's got to turn out. Why in the Bible was he so disappointed with the way that man was behaving that he had a drown everybody and put Noah and these old slepherds on on this arc and kill everybody else. He knew ahead of time how it was going to turn out. Why, why would you tempt somebody if you know ahead of time what their choice is going to be? I agree with you totally. I mean, that's the million dollar question. And this crap about more give man free will. There's no such thing as free will. If you're on mission, you don't know ahead of time. More choice man is going to make. So he created all these pitfalls. He created a devil. And then he just sits back and lets it all go on while he's ranting a hot with his wax. Doesn't quite seem like the way they represent those. If you look at the Catholic church though, you know, in particular, you can go to any city, anywhere in the world and the most expensive or some of the most expensive real estate in that town or the city. Right. We'll be owned by the Catholic church. Sure. Sure. Guaranteed. Right. I mean, that that religion has so many holes in it that it's ridiculous that even the shroud of Trenna don't have as many holes in it. Well, speaking of holes, you know, I just wanted to let you know that the heterosexual community is a live and well and we are loving it. All right. Thank you. Keep it up pal. So to speak. Okay. They're doing it man. That anal maybe the bad wasn't a good idea. Now watch out for that anal leakage though. Oh, God. In fact, that's what they told me when I was over in the wrong. Those couple days we were in Rome and I said, well, there's a Pope to busy for a personal visit today for personal audience. And they said, oh, no, he's visiting the purgene effect. We're going to say, what's he doing up there? And I said, pack and fudge. What? Peraugina is a very outstanding, the attendants are famous for their candy. They love their fudge. This is Sports Radio, 560. WQAM, my amy fort Latterdale. Awww. Thank you for calling to football hotline. Oh, baby. Hold me. Oh, yes. That's it. I love your illegal use of hands. Oh, complete a pass to my wide receiver. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Fondal my Amazon spread my golf house. Oh, that's an illegal procedure. Oh, yes. Touch down in my tight and oh, yes. Yes. Oh. I took a couple of calls before we do this because this post in Constable. This is a dynamic. And we understand, I do realize right upfront that most of the people don't care. In other words, most fans, all I care about is I want my team to win and I don't care if they're all a bunch of gangsters. I don't care if they sign OJ up, if he can still run sign his ass up and put him out there. Because as long as my team can win, then I feel much better about myself. It somehow makes me feel more significant as a human being. Us, we were the best, we. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. We're talking about boats. I hope he sells a lot of those books because this seemed like the guys making much money. I was at the growth last week. I was staying at the May for a little telling. He's trying to put it on. Talk to you down the scene. Have a good time. You did there. So that pros and cons, the criminals who play in the National Football League by Jeff Benedict and Don Yeager. And of course, all of our students sports the jocks, directors on his radio station. They should be having these guys on there. They should be talking about this. I mean, do we have to bury this in the closet? Is that what it is? Let me start. Let me begin, okay. Chapter eight. This'll take a few minutes. It's not that long. But boy, this is beautiful and close to home. I selected the chapter that I figured maybe you can relate to. The chapters called what to expect when you're expecting. Miami Dolphin's team headquarters, Davey Florida. It's a matter of any time that there's talent available. You continually try to upgrade the bottom four or five spots on your roster. Miami Dolphin's head coach Jimmy Johnson told a group of reporters gathered at the team's headquarters December 2nd, 1997. He was explaining his decision to offer a contract and traveled running back Loren Phillips. There's a large upside Johnson insisted. If Lawrence does all the things we ask in a highly disciplined program, then he can realize what his talents might be and realize this success. You probably thought he was going to have in the first place. Less than two weeks earlier, the St. Louis Rams suddenly cut Phillips after he was reportedly fine. 56 times for violating team rules. In his 19-month tenure with the Rams, Phillips was arrested three times, served at jail sentence for domestic violence, and once for sexual assault. Having received the second chance at the University of Nebraska following a brief suspension for brutally assaulting ex-girlfriend Kate McEwen, the Rams also gave Phillips multiple second chances before finally releasing him. Johnson assured the media that he and the dolphins had thoroughly investigated Phillips, and that he was not the menace often portrayed in the popular press all words that had been used by the Rams towards earlier. Actually, I expected all the worst with all the rumors that you hear Johnson said, and I can say this for a fact, all of the rumors that you hear are not true. We've checked out in factual information and the things you hear are highly, highly exaggerated. Exaggerated, although the attack on McEwen, which landed Phillips and jail and had received excessive media play, the scope of Phillips abusive behavior was kept hidden from the public. McEwen despite request from countless national publications and teaming at worst never spoke publicly about a violent relationship with Phillips. But in August 16, 1996, he did file a civil complaint at the Jackson County Federal Court in Kansas, in it, she revealed a brutal litany of assaults offered at the Kansas Phillips while the two attended the University of Nebraska. Although civil lawsuits are typically a matter of public record and available to the press, McEwen's complaint was filed on this seal. To the liking of Phillips at his lawyers, reporters were unable to view its content. However, on September 3, 1996, federal judge William F. Maurer, surprising a little bit of the seal. In effect, Judge Maurer's decision left the painful details of McEwen civil complaint, available to any reporter who showed up at the courthouse or in question to see the file, wanting desperately to conceal the details Phillips lawyers acted promptly and were able to secure a court order placing the document back under seal within 24 hours. But during the brief window when the case file was open, Kansas City Star Court reporter Joe Lamby was at the federal court house and he made a copy of the complaint. He's the only reporter in the country to have seen the case file, Lamby reported these details from McEwen's complaint. October 1994 Phillips shoved her head into a wall so hard it broke through the wall, then choked her in without allow her to leave his apartment. April 1995 Phillips asked her whether she was dating anyone else and threatened her saying, I'm going to shoot you in the kneecaps and then shoot you in the elbows. This is Los Angeles gang style of dealing with people. May 10, 1995 Phillips sliced her car tires and threatened to kill her, then came after her demanding a glass of water and McEwen told him to get him after demanding a glass of water and she told him to get it himself. August 24, 1995 McEwen agreed to drive Phillips who was drunk home to his apartment, he forced her to stay there and sexually assaulted her. September 10, 1995 Phillips beat her and kicked her while she was at a friend's house. She contends that he grabbed her hair, caveman style, pulled her down three flights of steps and slammed her head into a wall. Phillips reached an out-of-course financial settlement with McEwen, which required that she neither discussed an nature of her complaint nor the details of the payoff. Maybe the reason Johnson could so comfortably claim Phillips's record was exaggerated, stemmed from the comparison of Phillips's record with some of his other players, who would either serve time and jail or been convicted of a violent felony. Yet these players were never scrutinized by the press-like Phillips. For example, Johnson signed a little loan for Agent Wide receiver Charles Jordan in 1996, who developed into what a Dan Marine was most reliable receivers in 1997. As the team growing up in Los Angeles, Jordan was an active member of the Mludge, the authorities and discovered that his criminal record makes Phillips look like a choir boy. Like I said, it's only a few pages close to home, and if you're supposed to look the other way, you better tell me about that. I don't think so. I have a hard time admiring a bunch of goons. That's what the G. Whether they're black, white, yellow or whatever the hell I'm sorry. I just don't understand, and you wonder why America's attitudes and venues are all upside down, and you're talking about the president's getting blow jobs out there in Washington, like any red blooded guy and all the presidents who preceded him, and we're supposed to be upset about that, and rightfully indignant. But here we're worshiping all your kids out there. These are their role models, not all of them, just too many. Way too many. Some of the worst scumbags walking around loose on the face of the earth, and the odd geez, you know, they're wonderful people. They're great. These are our heroes. And by the way, how much more money can we dig up? How many more loans do we have to take out? So we can go buy a season tickets and watch these goons play. And put on a very mediocre performance, by the way. Oh, yeah, I heard somebody call King of the Last Knight, you know, bragging about the fact that Doc Yellow's pitch, no hit it for the Pirates years ago while on an acid trip. Well, that's great. Let's hear it. Oh, pros and cons. This is in your book store right now. It's hot as a pistol, baby. My Jeff Bennett is in Don Yager on Warner books. Hard cover. How much is it? Too much for most of you. It's, I don't know what the price is. Go tell him the price. It'll scare him away. Okay. On June 27th, 1990, Kenny Jones was gunned down in a hill of bullets, while walking down a sidewalk near the intersection of 79 street, Neville on Boulevard in Los Angeles, a five block area between 76 and 83 to run a Boulevard is home turf to a local gang calling themselves the swans, a subset of the blood street gang. Jones at the time he was shot was wearing blue the colors of a rival gang. Neighbors were initially were O.G. I'm more in blue. Neighbors were initially reluctant to cooperate with investigators searched for the killers, but a week after the shooting officer Jerry P. R. Or received information linking swan gang members, Charles Jordan, aka Chuck E. Terone Jordan, aka Wadi, and Glenn Jones, aka Glaveball to the murder. According to a witness, the three were seen speeding away from the scene in a white old mobile. Then on July 3rd, a man who lived at the corner of 79 street and have a lot of employees, and revealed that his 12 year old son had been outside at the time of the murder, according to court documents, the boy also saw a white old mobile speeding away from the scene. When police finally questioned Charles Dord about his worry about him on the other killing, he claimed according to court documents that he was at home, one block away on 78 along with Glenn Jones, and he knew nothing about the murder. Police then separately questioned Tyrone Jordan, who pinned the murder on fellow gang members, John Davis, and Maurice Stevens. However, Tyrone admitted that Charles and Glenn Jones were at the murder scene, and that Charles made comments about the victim wearing the wrong colors just before the victim was shot. When police tracked down Maurice Stevens, he admitted that he and Davis were at the scene as well, but insisted that Chuck E. and Terone did the shooting. In follow up questioning by police, Jones admitted that he and Charles had conceded a story about their whereabouts the first time they were questioned. In a September 13th interview with police, Charles Jordan said that he lied about his whereabouts because he knew that the word out on the street was that he committed the murder according to court documents. The officers then asked Jordan that he would submit to a lighting sector test after failing it, Jones refused to cooperate further with police in their investigation. In addition to being the prime suspect in the murder of Kenny Jones, Jordan had to appear in court on the 24th of 1990 for a pre trial hearing on an unrelated matter. He had been charged with threatening to kill Marina Wilson and Wilbur Hallaway when they showed up to testify at the pre-tire trial hearing of Swan Gagam member Craig Williams, who was in self-facing two counts of attempted murder. According to court documents on August 13th 1990, Jordan confronted the two witnesses in the hallway outside the courtroom and then attempt to scare them from going inside. Jordan's crash intimidation tactics were witnessed by LA deputy sheriff Sean McCarthy who was in charge of the Williams investigation. When I walk into the hallway after I got off the elevator I saw two males Jordan and Williams standing having a verbal conversation with both Ms. Wilson and Mr. Holloway. McCarthy testified a Jordan's filimony were hearing on September 27th. They were approached by those two males and they were encouraged just to leave court and drop the whole incident. They defended in the attempted murder case Williams offered $500 to the victims if they would leave court. McCarthy testified that when the witnesses rejected the harsh money, Jordan issued threats. At that point, said McCarthy, Charles Jordan made this statement, that is your life that you're messing with. At that point, the victim, Holloway said, Mr. Jordan is that some kind of threat Mr. Jordan responded by saying, no, that's a promise. The threat worked. Williams and Holloway ultimately left the court house without testifying that day. The sheriff's attempts to bring them back at a later date were unsuccessful. I've been told by Mr. Holloway's family that he's moved out and that he's afraid to testify and they don't know where he's moved. McCarthy testified at a subsequent hearing. I've contacted Warina Wilson's family and was told that he's moved to San Bernardino and they don't know where they are. On October 11, Jordan was invited on two felony counts of disweighting a witness by a force or threat, he later pleaded guilty on March 8, 1991, a received probation. Then October 31, Jordan was finally arrested in charge with a murder of Kitty Jones who was jailed and denied bail. Two other swan blood gang members, Maurice Stevens and John Davis, were also jailed and charged in the murder. Jordan stayed in the Los Angeles County jail, however, was far shorter than that of Stevens and Davis. On January 25, 1991, Jordan was released in the murder charges against him or drop. Just days before Jordan's release, Tyrone Jordan and Glenn Jones were originally spotted driving away from the murder scene with Jordan, testified at Jordan's pretrial hearing. In their testimony, they exonerated Jordan and implicated another man John Davis. These witnesses kind of changed the way they thought about things to where Charles Jordan was no longer involved. So Davis is court appointed attorney, Matthew and the police, the court documents, cast a suggestion in court that Jordan may have placed collect calls from the county jail and told Tyrone and Glenn Jones what to say in his pretrial hearing. They're involved in a conspiracy number one to put these two men's Stevens and Davis away, cast a suggestion to judge clearance, Tom Well. The second conspiracy was to get Charles Jordan out of jail. This is a three defendant case, the man who failed the polygraph is the shooter. He gets dismissed out of the preliminary hearing. That's Charles Jordan. He's the leader of the gang. He puts out orders on these two witnesses. This is what you're supposed to say at the preliminary hearing. Cast their theory was that his client, Davis and Stevens were taking the fall for Jordan. I want to know is there anything in the group dynamic of this gang that when somebody has to go down on a shooting a couple of people get pointed out and they do time and go right away because they were low in the pecking order cast their set to just drama. And there's a time to get a quarter to giving access to the jail's pay for records. The judge did not appear to be bond cast his argument. On January 9, 1992, the murder charges against Maristay. We're also drop leaving only Davis and jail. Witnesses had told police that he was seen with a handgun at the scene. On January 17, Davis pleaded no contest to reduce charges of voluntary manslaughter in the death of Kenny Jones and was sentenced to three years in prison. It was Jordan, however, who insisted during a December 1997 interview with the SPN that he was the one who would willfully take in the rat for another gang member by sitting in jail for nearly four months. He added that he would do the same again for a fellow gangster of the opportunity arose. Jordan declined to be interviewed for this book. According to the author's research, Jordan's life is again, remember before entering the NFL involved a wide range of other ones with a law. The following list was compiled from the criminal court document at Los Angeles Superior Court. August 3, 1988 charged with taking a vehicle without owners consent, pleaded no contest to theft of property and sentenced to 30 days in jail. August 21, 1988 charged with felony robbery in jail. Bale was set at $16,000 case later this month. January 1, 1999 charged with illegal gambling. No disposition. This position records were available. February 20, 1992 charged with reckless driving and driving with assisted license. Pleaded no contest was placed on probation and sentenced to pay a fine or served ten days in jail. He also was ordered to attend alcohol education classes. On January 1, 1993 was found in violation of his probation and sentenced to 05 days in jail. Jordan was also charged on three separate occasions with possession of a controlled substance. In 1990, he was indebted for kidnapping. Although he said he's no longer actively involved with the bloods, Jordan nonetheless considers himself part of his gang family. I may not be active by still consider myself as one. He told the SPN further Jordan continues to give proceeds from his dolphins paycheck to the swan bloods in Los Angeles. Once I give it to them, it's theirs. I don't ask what it's about. I just handed to them to the continuing the second. He just be given him the money, baby. This is 5.60. You a yeah. Can beat that get or meet. When it comes to internet access, you want the best. No busy signals. A direct and local connection on restricted access and most importantly, quick downloading. After all, who wants to wait to see this week's latest edition of Porno to the web? Oh, don't act like it's not you. Study show that over 85 percent of users on the web are there simply for Porno and it's nothing to be embarrassed about. That's why we've invented America porn line. The fastest internet connection for X and triple X rated viewing. There is. How annoying was it when I was checking out the latest who to site and I had to spend a good half a minute staring at this chick's damn face because it was taking so long to download the important parts. Thanks to America, Pornline's fast connections. I'm in who to have it. America, Porn line. When your stop on the information super highway leads right to the red light district. 5.60 WQ and the dolphins willing to employ a gang of failures. It is not extraordinary. In a groundbreaking 1997 report, ESPN's outside the lines, Chronicle the climb of numerous NFL stars who made the transition from the bloods and grips to the gridiron. Redskins defensive and Chris Mims. Bangles running back air economy. Jack Ward defensive back Dion figures and those running back deroccombs. Discut their early exposure as teens to street gangs. Holmes's brother is on death row for three gang related homicides. City on the first gun at age 13. How many former gang bangers play in the NFL Chris Mims estimated dozens. The basic conclusion was that professional athletes are increasingly coming from the inner city and the inner city is where gangs predominate. Explained Matt Moran to produce the ESPN report on gangs. Moran spent four months researching the connection between professional sports and gangs in the process the interview to approximately 300 people, among them gang experts law enforcement officials in NFL players. The consensus of the players was that you can't grow up in an environment without having your life touched in some way by gangs. He explained in an interview for this book. Given Jordan's track record is a little wonder that Jimmy Johnson would embrace Lawrence Phillips when no other NFL team was as eager to do the same. Phillips had not been implicated in murder cases. Nor were he had he confessed the national television to supply financial support to a violent street gang. Domestic violence was the biggest market in Phillips which hardly distinguished him from his new mates. Miami's other running back Irving Spikes pleaded no contest to battery for beating his wife in 1996 and why receiver Lamar Thomas had been arrested multiple times for domestic violence during 1996 and 1997. A close of examination of the Thomas case reveals why it is no surprise that Jimmy Johnson would give Phillips another chance. On October 13, 1997, one day after the offense defeated the jet-to-joint stadium, Jimmy Johnson could veteran wide receiver Fred Barnett. Lamar Thomas who cut five passes against the jet-for-75 yards including a crucial reception on the team's game-clenching drive took Barnett's position in the lineup. Fred does everything he was Johnson told reporters, but had I not made the release I wouldn't have been fired or our team as a whole. A consummate veteran with a favorable off-the-view reputation for a net was replaced by the younger fast-win criminal Thomas who is domestic violence record was more prolific than high-hears past catch-institistics. The bottom line is production Johnson said candidly, there is before making the formal announcement. Indeed production was deprready when Miami signed Thomas the year before the heels of a vicious series of domestic violence attacks. Much of the following account is based on court records and police reports obtained by the office from the office of the state attorney in Fort Laterdale. On July 4, 1996 Lamar Thomas then a member of the Tampa Bay Booker News and his pregnant fiance Ebene Cooksey attended a private pool party in barbecue at the home of Dr. Mrs. Edmund DeRou and Plantation. At the time, Thomas was living in Tampa and Cooksey was still in Miami. She was completing her last year of college at the University of Miami with a two-met while both Ron Atletics scholarships. The two were spending the week together in the Miami or every four-timers had a good norfer training camp. The Deros, son, Richard, and a friend of Lamar and Ebene's, invited a couple of families for the July celebration. Shortly after arriving however, Thomas left the party briefly to visit his uncle and nearby Fort Laterdale. When he returned, Thomas brought a cousin with him and immediately insisted that Cooksey who was relaxing in the pool get out so he could introduce them. Lamar's very impatient Cooksey would later say to a police officer in her attempt to reconstruct the sequence of events leading up to her assault at the hands of Thomas later that day. He was trying to dry off and he kept saying, come over here, come over here, and went from asking me to demanding me to come over. Prior to the result of her pregnancy, Cooksey left the pool area all together shortly after meeting Thomas's cousin inside the Deros house preparing to take a shower. Cooksey was fully undressed when Thomas barged into the bathroom unnaught see your reneed. Despite the availability of other bathrooms in the house, Thomas insisted on using the one occupied by Cooksey. Raptonly in a towel she waited in the hallway for Thomas to finish before re-entering the bathroom, locking the door behind her this time. Minutes after Cooksey began shawring Thomas realized that she locked the door and began knocking demanding that she let him in. Look, I'll be out Cooksey responded from the shower. This satisfied with a response Thomas located a closed hanger and picked the lock. Cooksey was unaware that Thomas had entered the bathroom until he jumped into the shower fully clothed in the tractor. He was enraged and demanded that no-why wouldn't let him in Cooksey said in her police statement. He opened the shower door and began strangling me, and I guess for about five seconds I couldn't breathe. Dripping wet Thomas stepped back out of the shower leaving his pregnancy on say, cowering and crying, however he wasn't finished. Next time I knock, you better effing, answer it, you know. He shouted as he's spraying back into the shower. It doesn't make sense for you not to answer. He then grabbed Cooksey's head and began slamming it into the shower wall. The glimpse that I did catch in his eye cooks he later recalled a police. It was like nobody was there. The violent assault was finally interrupted when the female guest at the barbache entered the bathroom after hearing the commotion. Thomas again climbed out of the tub, his clothes now drenched. He ran out of the house still but jumped at his truck and drove off. Naked wet bleeding and battered Cooksey was aided by the female who interrupted the assault when barbecue host misses their role and learned what to place. She brought Cooksey upstairs to her bedroom so she could rest. A couple coffee was brought up along with Cooksey's clothing. Some domestic badmowers don't have the social and psychological make-up to create other vents for their emotions explained former dolphins offensive linemen at Numan who was now a domestic violence judge and date county and an interview for this book. They don't know how to take the time out or channel emotions elsewhere, how to maintain solutions. They act without thinking this is a dysfunction. These badmowers are a wellspring of emotions. This leads to impulsive actions and the actions are totally inappropriate. Approximately 30 minutes after being attacked in the shower. Cooksey looked out and this is their second stray window. Only to see that Thomas had returned. His truck parked in front of the house. Thomas was standing outside talking to Richard Darrell. Scared Cooksey decided to place a call to her father and asked this is Darrell to escort her downstairs to the library where there was a phone. While Cooksey talked by telephone to her father Thomas entered the library, with both Mrs. Darrell and Richard in the room, Cooksey was confident that Thomas would not harm her. Suddenly while Cooksey was in mid-sends with her father, Thomas snatched the receiver from her hands and hung up the phone. I'm talking to my father she pleaded. Shut up Thomas demanded. Why are you acting like this Mrs. Darrell interjected? Come on, we're all sit down. With all eyes on him, Thomas paused, sat down, insisted to those in the room that Cooksey's fear him was not sincere but rather an act. Then as Cooksey attempted to exit the room, Thomas leaped lightning quick to his feet. Well, he'd be quick. At that point I knew I wasn't going out of that room because he's Lamar and she's Mrs. Darrell is who she is. Cooksey quickly retreated behind a large desk for protection. Meanwhile, Richard and his father just ended the room gingerly approached Thomas while Mrs. Darrell positioned herself between Thomas and the desk, none of this however deterred Thomas. He came to me as if I was an offensive line and pushed me toward the window Cooksey set and the window shattered on the lower right side. I feared for my life because I imagined my head or something going through the window and it was a thick window. Mrs. Darrell later cooperated Cooksey's account to a criminal investigator. The moment he picked up the phone he's sprang out of the chair jumped across me and said this is Darrell and a police statement. It was like a football tackle. Straight across me, straight into her and pushed her into the window. Both Richard and his father went to Cooksey's rescue pulling Thomas off her in the struggle the library was trashed. Cooksey climbed back out of the desk, hiding in fear is the men tried to restrain Thomas, a nine-month dollar plate for police assistance. Before the dust settled, Thomas's rage left red marks on Cooksey's throat scratches on her left biceps, a large bump and bruise on her right triceps and a red bruise on her right arm. He also caused over $700 in property damage putting a hole through the wall, chattering a window breaking a lamp and destroying various objects around the desk. Realizing the police have been called Thomas tried to reassure everyone there was no longer any threat of danger to Cooksey, I'm calm Thomas said on convincingly, I have it under control. He then exited the house and hurry toward his truck. Mrs. Dero followed him outside while whatever children placed a second nine-month-long call trying to get police to come quicker. Where's he at now nine-month-long operator asked? Sir, I hope he's outside of the house. Mrs. Dero sunset. What does he look like? Although he's with my mother and I don't want to leave him alone with my mother so he could just please get somebody here. Someone's on the way out there, but what does he look like? Well, he's six-fourers named as the large Thomas. He plays football for the 10th of May book in years. He's 175. What is it? He's 170 or 175 pounds ago. He's meeting him in dark skating, he's wearing a pair of blue jeans. Five days after the attacks, Cooksey gave her formal statement over the telephone to detect a city Custanza of the city of plantation police department. By then, Cooksey's bruises had darkened looking much worse than he did when the police photographed them under the day of the incident. However, Cooksey's primary concern was the fetus she was carrying. I spoke with my doctor on Saturday regarding my pregnancy and whether or not it should be terminated or whether it's still live, Cooksey told officers or Custanza, you did she? It's just that it's a big decision I'm going to have to make in terms of whether I want it, they need to father this child said Cooksey. Custanza's chief concern related to the fetus as well but for reasons different than Cooksey's while the most of violence is treated as a misdemeanor in Florida, a solving a pregnant woman is classified as a felony. Can you tell me about the pregnancy asked Cooksey and the little Amarno that you were pregnant? Oh yeah, yes, Cooksey even brought me the book called What to expect when you're expecting. Amar had wanted to baby for quite some time and that was sort of a problem we were having in our relationship. I have a year of school to go we're not married yet. Until I tenth of war was issued for Thomas's arrest on two felony counter-aggregated the battery against the pregnant female one week later the book and he's released Thomas. A player who wished to remain on name told the authors that the book and he's dropped Thomas as we resolve his arrest. Buck and he's officials went contacted by authors refused to confirm that there was a relationship between the case and his release. We're not going to talk about that to communications director Reggie Roberts. We had no comment. Not ten days past before dolphins newly hired had coach Jimmy Johnson. Thomas to a contract. Johnson and coach Thomas in college at the University of Miami insisted that he deserved a second chance. Jimmy Johnson recruited Lamar to the University of Miami's Plan Thomas defense attorney and agent Howard Weinberg. Jimmy Johnson left with Lamar got there but Jimmy was aware of the type of personal Lamar was. Jimmy realized Lamar was the type of guy who was worth saving. Lamar was lucky because there wasn't just Jimmy they're Gary Stevens was there too and they're both well aware that all receivers who played the University of Miami it's quite a distinguished person. Lamar was the all-time leading receiver and the history of the University of Miami heard a code and they continued the moment. I mean what the hell is right if you be the leading receiver and the history of University of Miami heard a code what's not to like okay no matter how much of us come back you may be if you're happy I hate WLD again. So much. I'll be on the next minor break went off the I don't think I'm going to crack the head. I don't think the third world impacts around the club on who the fire mages. I'm not going to crack the head. I'm not going to crack the head. I'm going to crack the head. Without you, I would correct it and unload my junk. I never would have said it without packing my red gear. To not fall in free power. No that every now is thin. I sell some cracked to provide to you. Crack city. You're not a peacock. Some would talk over the intersection looking for free food. That's it. You're not going to relax the cruising power of the bubble house with no windows. And did not enough of wishes she might favor red hole. I'm going to crack the head. Hold on. Yeah, please go to crack city. And I go to film my crack. I'm going to crack city. You can count on that. I'm going to crack city. And pass my red. I'm going to crack city. So I'll be back here. To the full air free power. So there's the big deal. I have it. He's not bad. Can't you take the little piece of it? I don't want to take the little piece of it. I want to talk about it. I want to talk about it. 11. I'll figure out if I'm sick. The name of the book is Poison Cahn's The Chronicles who play in the NFL by Jeff Bennett and Von Yager. After her physician determined that the fetus is not suffered any fatal injuries, cooks he opted to go through with the pregnancy. The derros mean while received a call from Thomas attorney Howard Weinberg. He Weinberg apologized to the police and said he was going to make sure the bills get paid he's going to take care of it. See that Lamar gets counseling and makes sure it doesn't happen again according to court documents. However, it did happen again. And the problem was not taken care of. After appearing in nine games for the dolphins in 1996, while his lawyer successfully delayed the disposition of his case until after the season, Thomas was sentenced to 18 months probation for aggravated battery on a pregnant female on February 24th, 1997. It was also awarded to spend 10 days in Broward County, jail, which was to be served on weekends and to complete the 13 week batterware intervention program at Lifeline in Miami. The dolphins then offered Thomas a new contract on March 11, 1997. Three weeks later, Thomas has all had cooks he again. On March 29, Metro-Dade Police were dispatched to the couple's coconut grove home, Croxy at this point given birth to a baby boy who was now six weeks old. Upon arrival, the officer's fond Thomas holding the newborn, Croxy was discovered in the couple's bedroom, crying. Her underwear was torn, there were scratches on her right hand, left shoulder and neck. After she told Officer Gras that Thomas tore her underwear three times and choked her, he was arrested, issued his Miranda Rights and escorted to the back of the police cruiser. After Thomas's arrest, probation officers learned that he had yet to begin the counseling program that was supposed to be part of his probation. A subsequent report signed by Correctional Probation Supervisor, Jasmine V. Segelman, and Correctional Solidman and Correctional Probation Officer, Dorate Jones, recommended that Thomas's probation be extended to 24 months with a longer period of counseling. Thus giving Thomas a chance to change his temper and be able to live as they law-abiding citizen. The report also indicated that Thomas had accumulated 88 total sentencing points, which carries a maximum of 75 months in state prison. Johnson's initial decision to hire Thomas in 1996 came before the talented receiver had been for the convicted of anything. By the time the team resigned a year later, Thomas was a convicted felon. Now he was charged with assaulting his fiance again and found to be in violation of his probation. Did any of this change Thomas's plan status with an alphins? Not exactly. There were no reported disciplinary measures taken by the team. No ultimatum's lay down. But a wine bird said that the team strongly encouraged Thomas to seek counseling. There are selfish motives on the part of the dolphins are ugly because they want them to be the best player possible explained wine bird. But they're saying if you want to reach your full potential, then you have to be able to meet the challenge of dealing with the problems off the field. No one is capable of completely separating his personal life of this professional life these things bleed through. Jimmy Johnson declined to be interviewed on his decision to continue playing Thomas. The authors, however, did and a few other former adult infants familiar with the Thomas case. The role of the coach to win plays a larger role than how they respond to these situations said X-Mommy Dolphin's defensive backliford hobbly in an interview for this book. Probably worked for the dolphins when running backerving Spice was arrested for beating his wife in 1995. Don Schuillowers, the head coach, then in how they saw stark differences in the way that Spice and the Thomas cases were handled. On August 29, 1995, Pembroke Pines Police officers responded to a domestic violence complaint at Spice residents. According to the police reports, Spice choked his wife and struck her in the face before throwing her into the floor. Stacey Spice's state injuries to the neck knees in right foot. The following day, Schuillow met with Spice was entering a second season in the NFL. Spice not yet to make convicted of anything, Spice was informed by Schuillow that he was on disciplinary probation for a four year, any more incidents than he would be dismissed. The domestic violence is definitely something that Schuillow would not condone said hobbly, who actively worked with Spice and an attempt to get him counseling. Schuillow made sure Spice got into counseling. It was mandatory. He had to go at least two hours a week. Spice felt threatened for his job. According to Hobbly, after his Spice met with Schuillow, he said, if I get cut from here, who's going to give me an opportunity after this guy, Schuillow cuts me, everybody respect him. Spice pleaded no contest to battery on May 16, 1996. However, as of the publication of this book, Spice's had no further contact with law enforcement pertains in domestic violence. He was cut by the dolphins during the 1990s at all season. In contrast, Thomas faced no apparent disciplinary action from Johnson. Nor was Thomas required to fulfill his obligation to attend anger management courses. Oh, do I love that term? Anger management courses. Oh, under Schuillow, anything that you didn't got caught doing it, you were gone no matter who you were according to Hobbly. Nothing happens outside the realm of this organization that I hear about. There's no question you didn't hear about, Schuillow used to say. On April 24, 1997, Judge Jeffrey D. Cohen signed a ward for Thomas's arrest for violating the terms of his probation. It read in part that probationer did commit the offensive simple battery on March 29, 1997 as alleged in date circuit court. Thomas was arrested again in jail pending his trial. It wasn't until Thomas was incarcerated according to Weinberg that Thomas started a confrontist problem. One day while Weinberg was visiting Thomas at the Brow County jail, a guard knocked on the door of the private cubicle and interrupted the conversation. It's time to guard said to Thomas, time for what Weinberg asked him. Weinberg soon discovered that a group of at-risk teenagers were touring the jail and conjectual they scared straight program. Thomas, when he found out about their visit, had volunteered to speak to the youths. According to Weinberg, Thomas stood up in front of the boys wearing his jailhouse jumpsuit and told that I'm locked up here. I have a baby at home. I'm sending him the wrong signal and I play football in the NFL so you probably think I'm pretty tough. Well guess what, I'm not too tough to cry and never want to be in the situation I'm in. Prosecutors suddenly dropped the charges against Thomas on the 14th and he was released from jail. Kokesy is decided not to testify against Thomas leaving prosecutors without their prime witness. Kokesy's reluctance is typical of domestic violence victims but rarely understood by individuals who have experienced violence in the home. Sometimes victims had good reasons for not testifying explained domestic violence judge Ed Newman former Dolphins' lineman. The most of violence is like a dance. In this dance, one of the aggressor perpetrator, the other is the victim. The victim adopt strategy to avoid the next beating. Some victims think in his procedural context of a trial that there'll be beaten if they step forward as a witness. Sometimes they're concerned about retaliation. Sometimes the victim is financially and emotionally dependent on the perpetrator. After playing in two simple bowls under Schuel a Newman completed his lottery and was later elected to the bench, he's one of a group of Florida judges who've been assigned to hear domestic violence cases on an exclusive basis. There's an apparent problem when you see a young lady with a black eye and happens again and again, somebody needs to intervene said Newman. Not only for the good of the individuals but for the good of the image of the league and of the Dolphins. Apparently, nobody had ever intervened on every Kokesy's behalf. Thomas got talk to many times about the need to address his problems but there was little incentive in the way of consequences. After his incarceration however, Weinberg said that Thomas started to take counseling quite seriously. A black male particularly one applies for professional sports does not see reaching out for psychiatric help or counseling as a viable option of explained Weinberg. They see that as a sign of weakness. So if it was a great value, it would have been a matter of a bank or reporters and said, I need professional counseling and that doesn't mean that I'm not a man. According to Weinberg, Thomas cooks in their child, we're living together as a district of 1998. At that point in time, Thomas had been counseling for nearly a year. Thomas declined the office invitation to be interviewed for this book. As far as Jimmy Johnson's motives for keeping Thomas on the roster throughout the assaults arrest in jail time, they want to win games Weinberg said, there is no question about it. If they can get him to play his best, they've helped themselves, but I definitely noticed concern that this was separate in the part from just those issues. When assessing whether Johnson is acting out of raw self, self-interester altruism, it is difficult to overlook that in 1998, Dan Marina was throwing the ball to two athletically gifted criminals, Thomas endured in both of them convicted violent crimes. His own words from a press conference October of 1997 seemed to sell up his motives best. The bottom line is production, Jimmy said. All right, nice going Jimmy. All right. Okay, that's all I'm going to read. Sorry about all the reading, okay? But after that, most of you won't go out and buy the book and won't read it, so I want to hell out. Provision comes to criminals who play in the NFL. I don't even want to hear about the negative stuff. We got it done. I mean, how or why I don't get what we want to gain. I don't want to hear nothing negative. I want to read no negative bits in the paper anymore. We finally want to gain. It's all this should be said. The rate of dolphins want to gain for a change. None of this negative. This up to all those old books. I'm telling it, folks. Finally, we can quick look at all the damn stations showing the dolphin to my shed. Jimmy Johnson replaced you all at old books. Tell their punks. I'm tired of. I'm fed up to hear what they're saying. Up to here. This is, you know, the grace of God. I'm sorry for all my family language, but I'm just happy that we were able to get a win. I think the first thing to do is to be able to get rid of the things. Tonight, let's watch Animal Screw. It's a dicey situation for the Intrepid Wildlife Crew. As an inadvertently interrupt, a wild gorilla in the Miss Origin. Soundman Richard is made with a 500 pound silver back mail. Follow the couple as the registered macy's and pick out a flatware pattern. It's all on tonight. Let's watch Animal Screw. By the way, one of the officers, Jeff had a note says that the National Football League is far more tolerant of violent crimes than it is of other transgressions such as gambling and steroids because gambling and steroids get at the credibility of the game. But violence, that'd be okay. You know, when you come out of the ghetto, you're expected to be violent. Just a little anger man has been you'd be okay. Like, oh, Jay, you'll be okay. He just loses. Let's go over going to a crawl game. Will you be able to do anything to get safe to generalize everybody that comes out of the inner city? Who did that? Sounds like you're doing it. Oh, I am. Yeah. In other words, we're reading specific stories about specific people. But so did you hear any of the words that are red sir or you just got a chip on it? No, it's because of the music and you have the... Because of the music? Very typical black voice thing about crack, you know, I don't think it's fair. Oh, you're talking about the bits that I play? Yeah. So who says that everybody that comes out of the inner city is a criminal. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, thank God we straighten that out. Okay. Gotta do these disclaimers so that these professional ethics don't get all bent out of shape. Get out of here. Okay. Blow it out to your ass. Go find a line. Go get a search party. Open line and draw it. This is a tremendous response after what I just read there. This is such a lady. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, a nail. Yes, sir. If you could criticize these football players who what they did, how did you get off of your crime when you got caught. Oh, how did you get off of my way? Did I commit any violent crime? Should I accuse that they violent crime blow out your ass? Oh, you know, this is unbelievable. This is exactly the mentality we're dealing with. And like I said, it's not these guys fault. It's the fan because they'll support it. They don't give a crap what these guys do as long as we win. As long as they run fast and jump high. Just like Brian Blades, baby. He don't have time to talk to you guys. He's gotta go out there to see that one play. That's what Drew Rosenhaus said. Give me a fricking break. Okay. Go talk to Peelie Herman and blow it out your ass. Here's a lady mobile and Delray Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay, man. Hey, you know what? You are completely right. You get three more on back to back to back to back. Don't drink this. Because I'm not going to hear you. You're a little bit more violent. We don't want to win. We don't want to hear about all the criminals on there. You're talking about on the college football team. I know you don't support all these other dumb jokes. I agree. I know. I've been turned on to you for six months. And I've been trying to turn on my girlfriends and everything else on to you. I don't have anyone. I don't want anyone. I don't want them big. Well, we got one. You betcha. And I agree with 95 or maybe almost 100% of what you say. And even with the OJ situation, okay, he goes and kills and gets off. And what do we do? We're still waiting and look at the catboys. And they're going to keep in mind that he would mind that he would mind that he was debating a rest. Exactly. We had all these assholes running around there with signs on the LA Freeway. Go on, do it. You're going to talk about the dumb America. Because we are talking about a bunch of idiots. You got that right, sweetheart. You got that right. And my thing is, I think it's time to boycott football. As football widows, we see him sitting there on the TV and our husband's sitting there drinking a beer and watching it and going, oh, go, go, go. But there is a, what about his police record? What's going on? Give him enough, get home. Maybe they won't watch him no more. All right. And games too. Yeah. I wouldn't spend the money to go see him. I wouldn't, my son went to buy a jersey from, I think it was a dolphin. I said, I won't see a dolphin jersey on your back son. And he, you know, hey, that's how my feeling is going. Oh, yeah. I've heard that. Yeah, good on you. Two open lines in Broward 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you're absolutely right. I used to play football and they don't care. As long as you can run fast, jump by. Love you. Yeah. That's all we care about. They don't care about nothing else. You can kill somebody and no get you off of it. And you know, I'm sure that there's some of these dolphins out there thinking about, you know, she will have didn't want anything. I'm not going to do it so well here's a go. But she'll at least was a didn't put up with this crap. But Jimmy Johnson, hey, we're five and two. So we didn't care what Jimmy does. That's what he's got points for. We got a look good. So he's going to do whatever he can to make himself look good. Yeah, thank you. I'm going to call it. Thank you for training and you have him in a Dallas too. Okay, how did they know? Okay, thank God that Michael Irvin's another one of those. And the guys that Jimmy can take credit for. We have an open line today. Fine. Oh, you can't say these things. I mean, yeah, right. Before how come the sports segment on his radio station? How come they're not the ones talking about this book and interviewing these authors? Because the several pages that I read, there is terminal on his boring is it may have been to some people. Nevertheless, that was all about stuff going right here in his town. And also there is a footnote by the way, which I didn't read, but just to show you how up to date the book is because it was written just a couple of months ago. It was a released editor's note at the end of chapter. I read, Marine will not be handing off the Phillips and goes on about how Jimmy Johnson has a number of talented running back to replacement and began fumbling the ball in training camp. And Johnson explained a report as his decision to release Phillips had little to do with the troubled athletes, most recent rest for the law. And police are, and it says, the book goes to press police are still investigating allegations that he assaulted a woman in my main club in June. And here it is the end of October. Have we heard any more about that? No. Have I heard the final disposition of that? No, what ever heard any more about that? No. Lawrence Phillips, one of the real scumbags in the history of the human race, Stuck is girlfriend and a goddamn stand up post office box there in Lincoln, Nebraska, Peter after beating the crap out of her. But hey, you know, these guys got to have anger management courses. They got to have, yeah, they came out of the ghetto. All right, tell the coal round that, too, okay, that OJ came out of the ghetto until Ron Golden in the Stanley while you're at it. Always got excuses for aberrant unacceptable violent behavior, don't we? Mobile in Northwaterdale, hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Listen, I got to respond to this. This sounds like you're making a big deal out of something that's been going on forever. There's nothing new to anything you're saying. This has been going on in sports and beginning of time. Yeah. And so, on other words, people shouldn't be talking about it. No, no, no, no. You're right about bringing it to the public attention. But what I think is what's going on here and what's dragging it out so much is that the proliferation of media and the ability for media to just take things and blow them out on all over the air waves and make such a big fuss out of them in a hoop line, the way that they're almost controlling what's going on now. Is that it's become so sensational that the big picture has been completely blown away. That these are people from under-provedalist areas. Oh, here we go. Okay, okay. Okay, okay, what's wrong? An observatory. Until that's around. Okay, okay. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't intend to that. I told George that as soon as I finished reading, we went to the break and I said, the responses going to be from assholes like T. Sir, I'll listen to anybody. Say almost any opinion, but that I will not listen to. I don't care. What area you come from? That's not an excuse for violent behavior against other people. It's not an excuse for murder. It's not an excuse for assault. It's not a excuse for treating women like subhuman garbage. It's not an excuse. I'm sick and tired of hearing it. Whether you're black, whether you're white, I'm not interested in the area. Whether it's Bobby Cox, whether it's God, Damory, Spice, Mother's Mark Fitzpatrick, I don't want to hear about it. Mark Fitzpatrick didn't cover my God damn under-proveds neighborhood. He even did Bobby Cox. Jesus, Joseph, what a sad sad sad sad. And you know, the interesting part is that points out in this book. See, now you understand where he was coming from in the beginning. Well, the media's blown us all up. No, the media ought to be blown it up. That's why this book is so goddamn great. Paying millions and dollars to the lowest scumbags on a face of death. Just like Mike Tyson. There's a classic example. See, the boxing fan to this country. They don't give a crap. What Mike's in? Tyson, that's how many people he raped, how many ears he choose up. Now, everyone has behaviors. They want to pay to see him fight some scumbelball on the get because for whatever reason. Because to that, that's exciting. So don't confuse them with the facts. But this horse crack, in addition to which these are the guys, these are the select few guys who have been taken out of the money out of the get-os. And given the opportunity to make millions of dollars, 80% of the players in the NBA are black. What would most of those guys be doing if they were a playing basketball and they can millions and millions of dollars? What would they be doing? So when somebody gives you the opportunity to make millions of dollars and be a big hero and a big celebrity, and then you turn around and continue being a scumbag, something's wrong. They're somewhere, right Mark Duper? I mean, you could go down a list. You've got to list as long as you're arm and your leg put together. And this guy's trying to make excuses. Sir, I got, and I made all my life up in a liberal. But you know something when it comes to this, that's why I draw the line. I'm not interested in labels. When it comes to the death penalty, thriam. It comes to scumbags who have no respect for other people. Put them away and throw away the goddamn key. And I knew that this would be the, I told you that, right during the break, I said, you wait and see, oh, they were underprivileged. They came from the ghetto. They grew up in these gangs. Well, you know, something they were given a chance to get out. How many chances do they get? It's like how many beers does it take to enjoy a sporting event here? How many chances do they have to get before we finally say, well, you know, thank God Lawrence Taylor got off drugs. Oh, I'm sorry for a while. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Hello, no. Yes, sir. Yes, you know, I'm kind of trying to reach people talking about people who grew up in the ghetto being dissonant, again, because they can excuse us for them. I grew up in the ghetto. I was manufacturing my immune, 20, 3000, a middle of the ghetto. Did you tell anybody this week? I didn't kill anybody. And I was able to get out of the ghetto and stop my own business and have a business for myself. So it's a, it's a, it's a cop-ock. Most people who try to make excuses because they were poor in the ghetto, because I was four and I was in the ghetto and I didn't try not like anyone of them. See, well, most of the people who make excuses like that, I saw a call about a half an hour ago. This guy is a Jackson differ. And so it doesn't make any difference. What is heroes do? They've always gotten excuse. They need anger management. But as long as they can make him feel better about himself because it's his team and they can win some games, then he doesn't care what they do really exactly. I say, put them all in jail. All right. All right. Okay, pal, congratulations. See, there you go. This place. You grew up in a ghetto was like the like, oh, Jay, if everybody was murdering everybody and totally out of control and beaten women all over the goddamn place, then we'd have anarchy because we got millions of people who grew up in a goddamn ghetto. All but it's an excuse. Not for me. It's not. Here's a lady mobile in North Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Oh, my own. Sound like you. Oh, okay. Your twin sister. Oh, no, I didn't have one of those. I've been listening to you since 1987 and today you finally got me out of the closet. Oh, my God. Wow. I totally agree with you. I think that we set these men up and the kids idolize them and that's the wrong and society. And that's all I have to say. Thank you. Thanks. Very simple. Just like the DNA. It's very isn't complicated. You don't teach your kids to admire scumbags. That's all. When I'm talking about scumbags, I'm talking violent criminals. And I hear all of this discussion, oh, how come how come this one can't throw a pancake block? And how come this one got his finger in the other one? Correct. How come I don't. I can't use this with the fact because either we got, you know, a bet on a game which I do understand that or, you know, we want to feel better about ourselves. It would be like, just like my going to that panther game, the other night watching that disgraceful display. Am I going to come in here the next day and say, and start playing that stupid thing? Like I'm going to start with that? Wow, we'll get the next time. We'll be okay. You're going to do that. I need to suck you at your kelp. This is five, 60. You, a, yeah. Oh, God, you. You, a, you. Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their Bible person better? Well, I have the answer to your prayers. From the makers of you think my martyr comes a game the whole family can enjoy. Crucifixion. Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible. And it's easy to play. First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it. But be careful. If you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus doll gets nailed. Um, I'll take the dress. Um, how about a chair? No, sorry, Billy. Get me some of the chair, sir. After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses. But don't worry, in three days, you can play again. So run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion. Why not play tonight? Comes with the small Jesus doll nails in a tiny spear, fake blood, wooden cross and hammering out included crucifixion, up for out of Trinity brothers. Which raises back to the story that I found. I'll just accept a little part of this whole ambiance in America. This pathetic pathetic bunch of crap. Papal request saves prisoner. Now, first of all, keep in mind that all of this money was spent, of course, for security while he was here. You got to understand that the taxpayers there in St. Louis paid for that. Make no mistake about that. Is that correct? Oh, you bet. Not to mention, of course, all the money that was wasted by somebody, probably the Italian government, probably the Mexican government, the US government, TWA, Alatanya, whoever was for the Shaxabra Yon with judges, potatoes and the Alaskan smoke crab and all the other good crabs that they were eating on a plane coming over and in between and going back to a full-muchino airport. What did any rate? Setting that aside. But assuming that we can stand the fact that we're mixing organized religion, then you know, if they were bringing some old rabbi, some old Orthodox rebbie from the Middle East. Would they be doing stuff like that? No. Would they be subsidizing it? No. Of course, you wouldn't have a million people lining up to hear all the bull crab either. No. If they were bringing some like Buddhist priest in here, you know, with a shaved head. In fact, the guy that's doing the car wash is he a Buddhist? Yeah. Thanks, though. Or Harry Krishnan. But did anybody, if they were bringing some Harry Krishnan guy in it, they just picked up at the airport. Would they like subsidize his trip to Mexico City? No. I don't think so. Would they be sure serving him shut the building on? No. They probably throw his ass in the slamer. But here's the silly man in a dress. Keep in mind, 97% of the people in Italy don't go to church. Okay. Then that up. That is a absolute positive verified statistic. 97% of the people in Italy do not go to church. Maybe he wants it a blue moon, maybe like for a baptism of Connie's baby something like that. Because they're on to him because he's right there in the midst of they see how ridiculous it is. And they see all those get skis running around and they see that big used to be a department store where they sell all the robes and the emiders and all that crap. All the adornments that the silly queens are running around it. And now he comes over here. And like he always does just like what he was in Cuba rings nothing, nothing tangible, just a bunch of stone age rhetoric and tries again giving a, you know, I mean, Clinton of course needed the PR there. Like the other day, that was good. He loved that. Even though he's thinking of myself, yeah, he's sitting there thinking of himself, you silly old queen you. Although like I said, yes, they both do share a lot of expertise on blow jobs, Clinton getting them the Pope giving them. But nevertheless, here's the silly old man in dress. He comes over here and all these crazy people come lining up from everywhere. The biggest indoor mask in the history of mankind. Oh my God. Wow. Or at least the US of A. And he's giving lectures to us on what we ought to be doing, telling, and I'm not just a catalyx at his country telling our government, telling the people of this country, which the overwhelming majority by the way are not Catholic. I had to break the news to you, Carol. Is that his name, Carol? What's still a, that's his name? Carol. Never trust the man named Carol with a dress, especially a guy named Carol who wears a dress. Is that his name? It is. You don't know? Oh my God. I can't believe that. My religious expert friend in there. My catalyx friend. I'm a little behind that. His name is Carol Watchdilla. He's at Polock with a bad dress and I'll really crappy outfit. So anyway, he comes over here and Missouri governor commutes sentence for death row felon. This story is so unacceptable and so typical of one of the worst things that's wrong in the world today. After an extraordinary personal appeal from Pope John Paul II, Governor Mel Carnahan, a supporter of capital punishment, which the overwhelming majority even liberal bleeding hearts like yours truly believe in capital punishment because you have to live in the real world, not some kind of fantasy world, Virginia. He commuted the death sentence of a convicted murderer on Thursday to a sentence of life in prison without parole. The governor said his decision was a one time event and a tribute to the Pope rather than a signal that he had changed his mind on the death penalty. So in other words, forget about the laws that we keep hearing this as a country of laws, all this penis gets up that's going on. Oh, this is a country of laws, not a country of men, but when a man in a dress comes over here who wheels all of that power because he's got all that money behind him, all of a sudden the, and the interesting part of it is that the governor of of Missouri happens to be pro-capital punishment. He is a supporter of it. He says, I'll have to say I was moved by his concern for this prisoner. I continue to support capital punishment. The governor of the decision came one day after the Pope concluded that brief pastoral visit the St. Louis during what she preached a homily that included the strongest condemnation of the death penalty he's made on American soil. Go back where he came from, Carol Carolyn, after his final public event, a prayer service at the St. Louis Roman Catholic Cathedral, the Pope approached the carnajana, a southern Baptist, and how do you like that? He's a southern Baptist who was seated in the front view and asked the governor to show mercy to Darrell Meese who was scheduled to be executed on February 10. I want you to understand. I do want you to understand this. Meese 42 was convicted of the 1988 ambushed land of Taney County couple Lloyd Lawrence 69 in his wife Frankie 56, along with their disabled grandson William 19. He only killed three people. What's wrong with that? Meese who killed a trio with a 12-gauge shotgun as they wrote alterant vehicles near their rural Taney County farmhouse alleged that the senior Lawrence had been his former partner in a drug manufacturing scheme. So we ambush them and killed the family in the husband and wife and their 19 year old disabled nephew. For granted, whatever it was, some kid, some punk. killed three people, okay? Veteran craft. Had a trial, convicted of first degree murder, sentenced to die, and this man in the dress comes over here, sticking his nose in our business, talking to Chadwick about abortion, talking to Chadwick about, you know, a sited suicide, trying to put Dr. Jack out of business. And now he's like interfering in the legal process in this country. And is there anybody in the media that's got the foot's foot of the balls to open up a mouth and say, what kind of horse crap is this? What kind of baloney, what kind of unmitigated is this that a man who is the titular head of, I can say that of a corrupt religious institution comes over here where we're supposed to be a secular society, six is nose in our business, and it's southern Baptist Governor who came in. Okay, whatever you say, it'll make me look good. It's good politics, I guess, to cave into this man with the dress. You know, it's very interesting with all the people who buy into this religious horse crap. You know, one day this guy's just another guy. He's just another one of the cardinals, the bishops, whatever, worrying all that, you know, those expensive robes over there. And then all of a sudden when he starts blowing at smoke, man, I'm telling you, there's a lot of blow and going on in the Vatican. You're going to stick about that. And he starts blowing the smoke and it comes out of the chimney there. Oh, we got a new pope. But I mean, and all of a sudden he becomes magically close to God. He's like better than everybody else. And he's a ton, everybody in the world want to do. He's telling a billion people what they ought to be doing. I mean, you talk about insanity. You talk about crazy people. But I mean, none of us are ever going to change the fact that people are basically emotional weaklings and eat all these crutches to hang their hats on. That's very sad. But the fact that he comes over here and that the media, like a bunch of cheerleaders, they probably had a baro of Trent Lott's pompoms, the way they were covering this God damn classic. Exactly. And then sixes, you see, that was a miracle. I didn't even hit the God damn button. I just hit the side of the guy. That's right. Just hit the side of this thing. The side of the keyboard, all of a sudden there he go. It's a miracle from. Oh, God. Yeah. I can't even give my fingers at the right place today. I'm so glad they have worked up. The God damn Pope from Rome comes over here and this guy, they're going to, they'll keep feeding him and keep him alive. This guy's how old is he 42? I had to break the news. He's going to be alive for a long time. And they're going to be feeding him meals. In fact, maybe just maybe the Vatican will subsidize and send over some shutt of the dollar that's just potato for the sky or less getting their smoke crab. Or maybe this guy's got the crab, I don't know. We can only pray. Isn't this astonishing and unbelievable? Of course, because the media and all of you people in town is week by the way, for while you're networks and all over the God damn country, you're a bunch of spineless cowards. You're terrified of organized religion and you're especially terrified of the God damn Catholic church. You're afraid the God damn Pope is going to come over and put a spell on you. When that maybe your neighborhood priest is going to come down and molest your regranchil and whatever you're terrified of, just absolutely unbelievable. Take a couple of calls. I got this great article by Howard Beal and City Link about whammy. I call on Howard whoever you are and the superfacts about the ice at not only the macarine but a lot of the rings around the NHL and then of course we got Miami magazine with a worth picture I've ever seen in my life of very Whitney on the cover and then a picture of Ray who's having his ear bitten by Bridget on the inside about dating. I hate to break the news to you. Miami magazine, I mean it's cute. We have we love Ray Whitney and the Bridget in. But I think they're doing a little more than just dating. You know what I'm saying? His fiancee that they've been living together for a while. I think they're doing a little more than just dating going out for fine food. That's what they call it, do you think? Is that what it is? I think they're eating more than just fine food. But at any rate, here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing here? Great. The reason why a lot of us do not want to speak out and tell our true feelings about religion. Why does that? Are idiots like the previous caller that you had? I work for local government here in Miami and New Zealand. I have happened to make them a stake. I've actually said, you know, I don't believe in God. Yeah. You know, it's affected my work. I mean, a minor comment like that and a lot of people out there will insecure. Well insecure who are afraid of different views. Different views, different ideas. And they really wanted to tell the truth as hell. What it is? Absolutely. And they are afraid of it. And I mean, I'm not into preaching or anything like that. But I just happened to see just one comment. I said, I really don't believe in God. And I think the Pope is a fact. And that was it, man. It was over. I mean, I got transferred. But before I know, I'm walking around. I'm not back in the church. Yeah. I happen to be, you know, my feet now is over town. I mean, it just one of those things where... Well, start spreading over town. They need some truth over there. They can even go. Go on the streets and start screaming. There is no God. There's only God. I'll get them. OK, I've heard a great day. I know. How John, let's do it by the way. We have two open lines in date, 567, 0560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Hey, what's wrong with getting lynched? If it's good enough for bubbles, you'll be good enough for everybody else. Here's a mobile and coral spring, fellow. Hi, Neil. How are you? Great. You know, I got to tell you. I feel like a battling idiot today. Sure, I'm very proud of it. Well, you know, something you know, I'm a listen to you since October. And the problem is, is that you're telling it the way it is and people can't take it. Well, screw them. I don't care. Couldn't care less. One thing that you keep forgetting is we talk about the pope and his dress. What about the smoking pocketbook? The smoking pocketbook? Yeah, everything's going to walk down. You. Weaves is smoking pocketbook back and forth. I didn't know he had. I knew something else was smoking. It's the pocketbook, Neil. Yeah. And just keep up the great work. OK, have a great day, sir. What is he saying? We have an open line at Broward 2 in date, 567, 0560. Come on. Here from somebody that supports the pope just one today, that's going to be like trying to find somebody that knew something about the icing the arena the other day. And it would pick up the phone and call them, would anybody do it we had like two people anybody else? No, they don't care. They're oblivious. Welcome to Lallaland. All you ought to tell, as we know you're listening out there, all you invaders who came to the town for this big stage event here this weekend. Welcome to Lallaland. So you can write whatever you want about us down here because the fact of the matter is number one, we already know it. Number two, nobody here cares. Nobody your cares. We're oblivious. is a land of total absolute oblivion that people here work overtime on being in different and apathetic. So if you think you're going to like, you know, yank their chain, forget it. I've been trying 23 years to yank their chain and I still can't yank it. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yeah, I'm new. Oh, I just want that. Can I even have to give to a request? Can you give two requests? Yeah, for no. We have an open line and what is it in the date? All three of them. 560, 50560, pump 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Can you give two requests? Can you give Ron Requette? No. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been listening to you since your old WNWS days. Yeah, I think you're great. Yes, I am. I agree with you 100% out of religion. When I started, I was brought up as a Jew and when I went to college, I started studying religion and I realized how many people have been killed in the name of God and how religions would develop primarily by people in power or who wanted to be in power to keep other people listening to them. If you promise folks that they're going to live forever in eternal life and paradise, if you do what I tell you now, to tell them they're going to die and go into the ground and Ron, that's not very popular. People don't want to hear that. They can't hear that. They can't hear that. People are afraid of that. They can't deal with it. That's what's going to happen. And what kind of God, by the way, would have created a situation like that where you live 50, 70, 80 years, whatever, and you go in the ground and then Ron. If he created man in his image, how come man doesn't live forever? God is infinite and eternal. How come man isn't infinite and eternal? What? What? Why did he create pain? Yeah, why did he create cancer? Why did he create cancer? Why did he create cancer? Why does he create mosquitoes? Well, the religious people will say to test that, but if he's the only one who's powerful, why test that? Why are you a heady? He has to understand. Well, thank you. I just wanted to tell you there are a lot of people out there who have been a good one. God bless you, sir. We have an open line in day that will be brought. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, we got the God people going again here today. We don't have one cat. Look, not we got the one guy, the one Yahoo up there in Palm Beach gives me a song in a dance. First out he's on the babbling. He's that's his disclaimer. That's his formal disclaimer. He has to start right out with that so that anybody listening on my recognized his voice and even those who don't understand he doesn't like this show. He's only listening because he's got a bum fork radio. That doesn't pick anything else up. Anybody believe that? No. But I'm a bad looking idiot because I have the audacity to come on here and say things that make all the sense of the world and talk about all the injustices and the fact that a man in a dress comes to this country being fed shut up on and Duchess potatoes and all this other God damn crap. Millions and millions of dollars they spent on this stage the media event here the last week and they're talking about me time we got all these things in one of the reciprocates up in Congress there talking about well, you know, no man is about the law and this and And you got a few blow jobs and he lied about it or talking purgery. He lied about his sex life. Wow. But here's a guy that blew away three people three innocent people including a 19-year-old kid in the wheelchair tell them when through the criminal justice system was convicted. He's on that throw. He's got to be executed and because the men the dress Who's got nothing to do with our government comes over here and opens up a mouth the governor of Missouri. Oh, well I think you're right. You got a point. We won't execute him. We'll just let him we'll just keep paying the feed him and keep him in jail for the rest of his life And he's only by the way 42 and I'm the only one that's a psychotic about that and a mainstream media like I said that to them The religion and especially the Catholic church it's like a hot stove. It's like burning coals man And as soon as they even get close to it they back away They didn't even dare put their finger close to it or the stove either. Hollywood Mrs Lasjijanconomic And how can they make a movie? Should they make a movie? I kill them and make a movie? We don't want more more, one does eat a lot of shit. Trust me. Trust me. Trust me, you. Trust not like. Trust not you. Trust not you. I. Trust not you. I say I and I. I give you your joy. Oh, you. Oh, come and you don't we are just that. I'm not that hot, the dark. I like your makeup. And I like the smoke I spit. I like my suit, right? I am a youth, a straightforward guy. Trust not me. Trust not you. Trust not you. Trust not you. Trust not you. Trust not you. I like your touch. And I. I'm not a bite. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. Oh! I'm so excited! Oh, rest on me, rest on you, rest on back, rest on you, rest on you, get my rest on you, Easter street trembled! The most spectacular attraction of waschaucks. This is the atmosphere of this song. This is the international music on. Be better. Oh, why? Flase dress and the thing. Carnation. I'm all dressed up for the prom. Hey, two of my hundering sisters out there. I just gotta tell you about my good friend that Jeff's the florist. You know Valentine's Day is almost a year away. So if you're looking for a lovely floral bouquet for your lover, my friend Jeff and Jeff the florist, well personally arranged the ginsi is to bouquet of flowers you ever saw. Hey, just look at the delightful arrangements Jeff has today. Like the bouffle bouquet of basketball blooms. And the gueldie knows gay. And my personal favorite, the Joe Rose Rose. When you push the button on the face like this, this is what you hear. Do you want to see what you hear? Do you want to see what you hear? If you ask to see Jeff out back, he'll open up his pants to let you in on a secret specially saving just for you. So sat down down to Jeff the florist or go 1-800-GoodBreadalley. She's been doing she all watching Mom and Dad. She's been through the keyhole. I'm not sure we ever had Mom and Dad we're playing tag right there on the bed. From a new start, we'll be at the Pella board daddy's head. Mommy's been with Bobbin. She almost got whipped rash. I don't know what she went drink, but you got a note mustache. This is through the keyhole. And sure what I see. But I'm sure you like it more than 3-9 TV. Mom and Dad were hooked together. What my LinkedIn wants? What a sign-eye floor, something like that? Mom wants the electric door. Dad was breathing, heavy. Mom was on her knees. He must have had a boom boom crush. She's just been wealthy, peed. He's been through the keyhole. Watching Mom and Dad. Leaping turns. Oh, the most fun we ever had. We watched those little longer. The nice started to get sick. If daddy's name is Helbert, why mom asked for a dick. Daddy grown in his eyes, well, that money will not be more. She's like back on top of him, but all he did was yours. Leaping through the keyhole. Has done many paths. I can't wait to try to stop them growing my class. But I can't wait to try to stop them growing my class. Hey, we're speaking about keeping through the keyhole. Here's our great letter to the editor. Let's not hold this back. Now, what's paper is this? I guess this is the Sun Sentinel. One of the greatest letters in the history. This is this morning's Sun Sentinel. Moving was misnamed. And the letter is written by Walter George in Del Rey Beach. Oh, as in sitting on a bench in the... Oh, I... I'm going to be in the house. OK, this is how we could go to the point where to hear this. I recently saw the film Shakespeare and Love which won this year's Academy Award for best film. The movie should have been titled, Shakespeare and Bed or Better Yet Shakespeare and Lust to depict as love two people constantly clawing at each other on-screen is typical Hollywood fare. Oh, good. This is so soft floor to this letter. this letter, you know? Oh, to be fair, I gotta read that last sentence again. To be picked as love, two people constantly clawing at each other on screen is typical Hollywood fair. That's probably why those kids are shooting everybody up. They're shooting at Scord Scord? Yeah, like I said, more sex and less violent as what we need to America. Speaking of that, by the way, I got a great book for you. Every now and then I come up with a book that I say, hey, there's, I'm only just the beginning. I've only just begun. 30 or 40 pages of this one, but I know that a lot of people want to buy this book. It's brand new, it's hardcover. It's called Making a Killing, The Business of Guns in America by Tom Diaz. And I know that the gun huggers out there, especially that one asshole, that's always called me up tell me how smart he is and how dumb I am. That gun squeezer, Mr. Reconcealed Weapons Permit Guy. He'll be a psychotic here and we talk about this. Great book, Making a Killing, The Business of Guns in America by Tom Diaz. It's on the new press, it's in hardcover. It's in your book's door is via today. Let me just read one interesting thing from here, okay? Cause I'm here in this all the time. Every time we see the gun nuts on there, well, we've already got 20,000 laws. Gun advocates offered us a cert that the U.S. has got more than 20,000 then control laws at the local state and federal level. And their view of the U.S. has already over-regulated and our gun violence problems would go away if only these 20,000 laws were strictly enforced. But what they do not say is that even assuming they're actually our 20,000 such laws, the vast majority of them don't regulate the sale or possession of guns. Rather, most of them deal with collateral questions like zoning laws that regulate where guns or in shooting ranges can be located or that's hit limits on transporting and discharging firearms with them city limits. Those kinds of laws that have nothing to do with buying selling your own guns. It says the fact is that any adult who is not a convicted felon convicted spouse or child abuser or an adjudicated metal defective can legally buy a gun almost anywhere in the United States. Also in the New York or magazine this week, there's a great article about it. The same attorneys that went after the tobacco industry are no goal and after the gun industry. All right. And they're also a caught up out of course. Still getting facts is by the way about Friday show. If you're most Friday show, your life isn't worth living. I'll tell you that right now. That was seriously. That was the epitome of my life. Yeah, exactly. All I can say after Friday show is, yeah, about the millennium, about the year 2000, when does the next millennium begin? Here's two facts is by the way. It says the conversation today in the Friday regarding calendars and centuries is further proof of the 6035 five rule. 60% of the world's population are ignorant. 35% are stupid at the remaining 5% are intelligent. The vast majority of today's call is fell into the 35% category. Assuming that most of the 60% categories can rise to people from third world areas, excluding South Florida. Ha ha ha ha. This is a third world baby. You turn. Here's another fact that says, you know, we could we could start this all over again. I'm confident that one. We could do a month on this. Well, you know, the heat lost. So this station's in big trouble. Yeah, Dito says to me in the hall this morning he says, oh, gee, how are you going to escape talking about the heat? I said, no, the real question is, what are you guys going to talk about for the next three or four months now? Just like I said on Friday, what happens if the heat went up getting eliminated by the next? And I said, well, you know, the marlins are hot. They want a couple of games and he went, boo, yeah. Here's the fact that says, of course, there was no year zero because back in so-called biblical times, those people were so stupid. They had no way to express the value of zero. Most Western civilizations were unable to express the value of zero until the time of the Renaissance. This is a fact. It says period and end. Exactly. How do you like that? Okay, so if you have 10 apples and you start counting it at zero, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Don't just start like, okay, start with you, thumb, here you go. Here's the finger number zero. So I think a lot of these people they relate their lives, their everything else. So the fact that most of them are big, oh, is, you know, they can't get the zero out of there. They can't get the big out of their lives. Just like that Shakespeare and love, he couldn't forget about the big old one, old one, over and over again. And Walter George and Del Ray Beach is pretty a pissed off about it. To depict as love, two people constantly clawing at each other on screen is typical Hollywood fair, which is why so many people are racing to see the movies. You're a jackass, Walter. Probably getting an either at your advanced age. You have a bunch of waters over the age of 100. Easy. Tom pretty damn good. Del I'll tell you for an old fart. Colors suck as usual. We've had a couple of calls today. Emily? Couple of good, huh? Wanted to do that. That's something to say. Well, at the young shfarching guy, he was all right. Bad brother? The fly boy? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, I've been waiting all. I get a couple of months now, patiently for you to talk about our favorite American city that I'm going there next month. What is your favorite American city? Well, Vegas? There you go. Yeah. What do you mean you've been patiently waiting? We talked about Vegas almost every day last week, I think. Well, then in months for you to time when I'm not listening. I got five nights. I'm going to spend out there to play. And I want to do a recommendation for a few restaurants for dinner. A few restaurants for dinner? Yeah. First class. Well, you've got to go to seizures. What's in there? The great Italian restaurant in seizures? Bucket-in-all. Bucket-in-all. Oh, that's not a meal. That's a feast. Bucket-in-all. It's a part of it. About the new Venetia, you know, anybody else been in there? No. Well, I mean, the casino part is open, but it's still not. Yeah, we had a call, I think, from somebody who's been in there. But they opened the casino part first, and then they're finishing the rest of it, so I don't know. But I mean, when you're there, you'll check all these places out, of course. Well, I've got a suit. All right. Have you been in the Mandalay Bay? No. I heard the Venetia a couple of four collapsed there and killed some construction work. Really? Maybe it's not open. Yeah. Well, what about that? A couple weeks ago. No, because then that's not true, because it opened it's not right on time. We had calls from people who had been there. Oh, all right. So we got Bucket-in-all, what else? Yeah. Ruth Kristakehouse. Okay. You're just smiling. I don't care. I don't care. Okay, let him smile. Okay, so let me tell him the other place. The Rosewood Grill. All right. Even though Ruth Krist has better steak. Rosewood Grill, I mean, they got great lobsters and steaks. It's right on the strip. It's right by the Imperial Palace, right up the north of that. Yeah, whatever happened in your summer trip. I went on at one time when a guy who set up the trip, you had that cute little girl who was in June, your high. Maybe she's old enough now to start taking care of some business. Yeah, all bet. All right. Good. Have a great time, pal. Have a great time. What? Yeah, she's at a school there. Yeah, like I said, mind your own business. How do you make me babbling and alone? I feel like squishy, you're not saying like any second. Oh, to lose a lot of direct. And another very potterist Monday, like all of them, money get upset. I'm not least at upset. In fact, I'm delighted that I could be here today, because otherwise I'd be sitting at home and I'd be doing dristan and all, you know, and that stuff makes you sicker. Makes you make you worse. You just have to fight your way through it when you're a real man like me. You fight your way through these things. You don't sit around at home feeling sorry for yourself sniffling all day like some kind of a little pansy. Here's Pepper Pine, Solo. I do other chicken in today. All right. You know, I was thinking man, the white people was the one that invented basketball. Yeah. Now we took it over. That's right. That's right. And what about us white people? You're like, oh, I can invented that. Try to. And then you guys took it over. So thank the people. Well, Rosie Grittke, we'll be taking over hockey next. Baby, yeah. All right. I'll be out here just in time, I guess. In fact, Rob need a mile was on a plane there last night with Nikki Taylor and as he walked down, he would think, I said, hey, Rob, you think Peter Rows are real player and he said, Oh, I didn't say word. Now, how come I did that? I wasn't going to speak to him. He must take me like poison, you know, see there. There are guys that are like, got a sense of humor. And then the guys were thin skin. He has a right to be upset with me because I've ripped him and asked me to serve it. So I'm not going to pretend to put on that. I mean, okay. So I bought the kid lunch a couple of years ago one day there, right? It's Chilly's Remember, Rob, you need a mile. He's a nice kid. He just don't have the heart for it, okay? He just ain't got it. I could have put on some phony curry. Hey, Rob, Nikki, how are you guys doing? Great to see him. That's just not me. I'm just a quiet guy.