Sports radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers show Talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for dated rower or pound 560 on your cell hall The opinions of Neil is guest co-workers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley read acquisitions or the beesley broadcast order now Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 QA This is the Neil Rogers show This is your brain Any question? No All right A little bit Make a flight Who will know the news I can charge you Finally, I will love you Who's willing to have What a body and the shots on the wall Look at the time and I found the clue Loading my gaze can't be good No He's a ghost dog Cut another thing What's the worst inside and things want to do with me Where all tired of that can't be improved Why the sun is just moved John John Where all you have is that you floating I'll throw my bow Here The gaze coming up to the little boy Lord, the gaze can be up to the moon Lord and the gaze Can't be up to the moon Lord and the gaze can't be up to the moon All thank God for a friend Grimmick The hero who about once every two years write something That makes sense Oh, thank God for him I thought I was the only one I thought I was the only hard bit in son of a bass beside you Of course, that's because you hate the kin of these That thought the this thing It's just insanity Did they run a muck Whatever it hell that means They've gone nuts For example, a tape that they obtained yesterday The National Transportation Safety Board And they're just, how long is this going to go on I hate to break the news to you They're dead And by the way, the old lady that called in yesterday Leave it to the old lady that called and she was absolutely correct That was verified on all the newscast last night He didn't want to go He didn't want to fly So there should be a good message to all you guys out there Don't let some bitch I don't care how hot she is Don't let some bitch talking to something that your common sense tells you Is a real bad idea just say to some insistent bitch Oh, well, we got a drop off the system He didn't want to fly it at all He certainly didn't want to go and shut up the system Because he didn't want to have to land twice Because he was too inexperienced In other words, he had real spilkeys about the whole thing to begin with And all three of them are dead Because the wife said, wow, that's bad You know, a nagging wife A nagging wife and all three of them are dead Because of the fact that, well, you can look at it either way Because of the fact she was a nagger because he was too much of a pussy to say No, to put his foot down You see, unlike most of the other candidates in the clan Were the men ran to family with an iron fist This one kind of like a random over like a limp wrist The iron fist, you just do it But I beat, but I will be a he was too easy going So Fred Grimm has got a great column in here Which I think I'm going to take the time to read Because I mean, I never thought we'd even touch on this again Today after wasting four exhaustive hours on a yesterday And then I go home and but I beat but I will I mean, we've only just begun like the carpenters would say If she was here to sing it I was saying to Jordan before the show this morning Grace Kelly died in a car crash And she was I mean real royal She wasn't make believe her all this She married the Prince of an Irmanico And everybody loved Grace Kelly She was a great actress, she was beautiful She gave us some entertainment in a lot of movies And she died very prematurely in a tragic car crash Which I don't recall the year or the tales I'm sure somebody was some jackass will fax me all about Whether I wanted or not But I mean did they make a good kind of a sinister then when she died? No, no I mean if you're going to get sucked into celebrity and showbiz And glitz and icons and all these other words that are tossed around Why now? I just don't get it I mean this guy was much to do about nothing And that would be an overstatement He was much never stole a freight train that we know of Also that we know of at least for public consumption If he did I'm sure that he was screwing everything I'd moved that look good to him But that was his bragged he was a Kennedy But at least they kept it quiet He wasn't doing any babysitters He wasn't raven anybody that we know of So that certainly puts him ahead of much of the arrest of the clan Didn't drive anybody off a bridge that we know of But other than that this is it I'm watching that yesterday I'm watching every goddamn channel And channel 7 by the way Talk about hyperventilating They've got this dramatic music They're playing it at American tragedy And they're going on and on and of course we're all in deep morning I'm not in morning at all It was one of those things you read it like You know on the second page of the newspaper You see it is about the fourth story in a newscast Oh gee what a shame you know somebody got killed the plank rash to bed Every time somebody dies it's too bad Especially when they die prematurely Especially when it's some kind of a miss hat over which they had no control That's set of and so on Really good people I brought this up yesterday to begin the show It wasn't one not one person called in a respond to that All the really important people who've died in the last few years prematurely some of them some of them not but nevertheless That there wasn't a fraction of the semis made about them because their last name wasn't Kennedy And there's a good I'm not going to read this thing It's just about a couple of paragraphs from it But Fred Graham makes a good point He said if for the Kennedy here lost it been instead the sister Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg someone less pursued by the tabloid paparazzi Would the networks have the set of the Martha's vineyard with the same urgency and would the hero to give an over its entire front page to Caroline Fred Graham actually knocks his own newspaper the hero that here I like the column so much today Fred I was a ball he probably won't be working there too long Yeah, rips the Harold any rights for the Harold He says not that this was a phenomenon confined to the broadcast and we do the hero for example offered little more and it's front page Sunday Then the death of the founder and editor of George and entertaining magazine of politics and culture With the circulation of about 400,000 notable lately for losing money Yeah, it was a margin line right at a couple of times you know it's kills some time on a plane Well, that was a bad. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that. It is a good way to Spend some time. Let's take kills some time on a plane. Okay. You got to choose your words very carefully now, Mr. It was a mediocre magazine It wasn't all that exciting and it was losing money circulation to 400,000 So in other words, he was touching the lives of 400,000 people Plus those people in New York who are obsessed with celebrities just like the people in Hollywood See that's that's in New York and Hollywood thing and of course down here on South Beach People are very impressed by Madonna by sliced alone by a Mickey Rork Yeah, get his name on the early today, so that bitch don't call back please Okay, Mickey Rork. He's the best, you know, he's my favorite Remember I had some of the great movies he was in like, no, no Like I mean recently remember, oh, yeah, that was pretty good And I'm taking it on myself. I can't be that far out of step I mean, I realize many things that I believe and think and whatever I'm out of touch with the mainstream out of step, which I'm proud of most of the time But in this case, I mean, I mean, what do we get like three or four calls all day yesterday From people defending this included that one simple in fact that was given me a song to dance All the three years of my life and the early soup the only three good years of his life Well, guess what pal, who's stopping ya? Remember that bro that went to 595 and 441 the overpass last week I'll tell you they're waiting for you right now pal, in your case, there'll all be a jump Jump, they'll be yelling they'll give you a helping hand, they'll push you they'll give you a head start You can join a head start program or just go up to gay head or whatever you like I mean, I got that guy was ridiculous he was a silly person I mean, you could be a cynical as you want a politics sucks, yes, but it sucked back then too It was a rigged election, which is what got Kennedy in the first place Nobody wants to talk about about the West Virginia primary that they had that election rig And about the Illinois election and the presidential election that put him over the top he really lost that election But because daddy had his mob ties they were able to fix all kinds of elections and do things And that's the way people with a lot of money do things Of course down here in Miami we would know nothing about fixed election So you can either live in a real world and kind of as you mature a little bit stopping so star-eyed and realize that everybody When they take their clothes off it's amazing how much a like people look Just astonishing Although if you are that thanks to my good friend and I'll murder Canada by the way for sending me that tape with the Tom Green shows all of them from comedy central on it And I will grant you that you have to watch through a lot of crap before you get to the really good stuff But there's some hysterical stuff on it, including when he gets a Humpliked a puke his guts out after puts him in an astronaut suit and he goes on a amusement park ride and they got him spinning around And like a cradle and he gets off it and just puke his guts out and Tom is picking it up with his fingers and sticking in little kids faces smile light Isn't that disgusting? It's beautiful Did you see the old man yet? Yes decide walk Yes, I saw it all and the teacher strike did you see the striking teachers and he pretends to be reported or he goes up to him six De microphone and they're all picketing this any would assign somewhere up there in Ottawa or somewhere Why don't you go teach somebody why don't you go to something the kids are getting stupid and they all run I mean it just anyway Following announcement is furnished by the National Football League I suppose stand Can I ask you a question what what just happened there? What did I just do? Well, I was at busy talking to Joe Costello, okay I was busy talking about his trip to Vegas. Yo came back at the actually broke even made a bad mistake state at the Hard Rock Cafe Oh, bad move That's what just happened there is a little momentarily destructive it was well worth it because it came back at a great time I was telling me about how wonderful the people out there were and how nice the people in LA were and then he came back here So it's not just me, okay I'm not some hard bitten ass. Oh, looking for a problem I just told exactly the way it is and a lot of people out there can't handle it They like to be blue sky. They like a good snow job. You know everybody likes a blow job, but not everybody likes a snow job You got it Fred Graham has got at least for a day media at sea when icon dies About the basis by Saturday the media was once again a wash and excess and orgy of coverage that dwarf this fellow's modest personal achievements Couldn't have said it better in a million words one sentence that sums it up brilliantly Fred Graham for president Oh, the herald, okay, even though it does work for a crappy paper What does that say a birthday in Pompano? Hello What's your like it's a kneel can you play the birthday jingle for me? It's your birthday what what number should 39 in fading fast Thank you very much. Plus I want to comment on the whole Kennedy things. Yes, Saturday night at eight o'clock Our the evening network put on the biography of the week was trying to get into these juniors So that was the first time they ran it happened to be flipping it around last night And now they've changed their whole week this week to all Kennedy's all Kennedy all the time Okay, all Kennedy biographies all the time. Uh-huh. So, you know, that's the that statement about him, you know, not doing much Yeah, I got to say that's pretty well accurate For my standpoint, not that I had any great love for the Kennedy's and I think there was something on public television about five years ago Where they did a whole thing on Kennedy's father gone that John F. Kennedy, but the father Joe said going around buying the vote and everything My father had always told me that they were a bunch of crooks And I just thought he just didn't like them because they were Irish were a cowian But then when I saw there were an Irish mafia family Right when I saw all this come out about how he would go into West Virginia and like state of a local town share Of you helped arrange that my son wins the state of the state of the state They paid people to vote for him in a primary there were terrified that he was going to lose because he was Catholic You know, he was the first Catholic elected president and they were terrified that West Virginia, which is a very heavily Protestant state That he had no chance of winning the primary there and so they went around that they paid especially black folks to vote for him pay cash Right, that's it and that's all stuff that when I was like, you know when he died when I was a teenager I was like, I don't believe that kind of stuff you just bitter because you don't like them You don't like the Irish or whatever, but you know it's come out in so many books or whatever The only thing that I would feel for both he and his sister and everything was just that they were constantly scrutinized No matter what they did and the family was just so gigantic I mean John of Kennedy senior was one of I think eight children Bobby Kennedy wanted to have in 10 or less. Well, they were good Catholics. They reproduced like rabbits now. Well, the Pope loved him. Well, the us but the thing is that every time you hear about William Kennedy Smith or this guy that guy There's just so many of them that you're bound to get a few of them in trouble I mean if you're an only child, you have small family Chits are a lot less but because there's so many branches of the Kennedy family Even with Arnold Schwarzenegger Mary and Sergeant Schweizer I think I think you're rationalizing now When you go down to list, I mean you know David over Odeen dying from an overdose and the rapist and then the other William, well, no the Michael who was accused of the dealing the young babysitter I mean there's just so many of them It's just ran in the family. They were all a bunch You know the thing about the idol rich was that there were classic examples of it They were born into from Mendus wealth and they were just given the idea that they could do no wrong Whatever they did was acceptable. They lived by a separate set of standards from just ordinary mortal people And as a result, they screwed their brains out and they used other people and abused other people And to whatever they wanted all of a sudden they're icons. I don't get it And I was a big fan of JFK and Bobby Kennedy and Ted So it's not that I'm a Kennedy hater But you have to have some objectivity in my mind You just can't get swept away in all the emotional bullcraft because the media tells you to do it How did you like Jackie Jackie was like I said yesterday a high paid horror Okay, no, just think about it. That's all she was I mean I know that I know JFK I know Joe Kennedy paid her to stay in the marriage when she caught him Scrolling around just before like that And then she figured that after the husband after JFK got assassinated She figured these are small fish. I'll go to the big pond and I'll hopefully unassus You know, they made them look like pikers and that's the truth I got a run by let me ask you two things let me call somebody a douche bag and if you can play pussy in the well for my birthday That would be greatly appreciate it Here we in all the rugby players all bunch of douche bags Okay, thank you very much. Have a happy. Bye bye. Okay, Zagazone 560 560, Pond 560 animal mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello. Hi, Neo. Yes, sir Everything you're saying was on the show on channel 2 last night. Great program And I wish I would have seen that. I'm just done tonight. I just want to work with it I'm just desperate to see somebody come on television and say you know something guys You're out of control. This is not what you're making it out to be and instead of that They're all on there just all kind of falling apart at the scenes You may have misunderstood me. I'm not talking about all your going crazy about media, which I was doing all week And you mean all of it was great. I just happened to turn it on And West Virginia was not the first election he rigged right back when he was running in Boston The faith to win there were three guys running one of them was the guy named Joe Russo So what happens right before the election is that But find another guy named Joe Russo to run so now the candidates are Kennedy Russo one Russo two and somebody actually showed the ballot So voters didn't know which Russo they were voting for. Yeah, so that was the way it kind of the first That elected That's surprising By the way, they didn't have all that much money. They said that there were eleven guys in the US richer than Joe Kennedy So there you go. Thank you. Thanks for that. Thanks for the good news Now Good night Good night 560 560 palm 560 on a mobile one line Here's sunrise. Hello Yes sir Really I'm not I'm not flying a flag period but I wouldn't the headlight from the globe in England playboy risk take a dead really Yeah, of course they're good ones to talk anyway with all that I know that probably there would be almost remotely close to the truth Yeah, you know see some of the quotes from some of the people he wasn't part of my life He was I didn't know his him or his dad he wasn't a part of him or any was a part of my life How could you be part of your life? You didn't know him or his dad? Well, I mean, you know the people the president can be part of your life because of the fact that these are contemporary And he had an impact on your life But when somebody is just an editor of a magazine and how well what impact did he have in my life in the answer is Absolutely positively none And that picture that they want to keep you on 50 million times of insulin salute in the coffin when he was three years old That that was it was a like a sidebar It's like watching a leaves fall off a tree in the back of the picture as they had the funeral procession It wasn't significant it was a staged thing that he was taught to do that's all it was no significance to it That's right and you know his mother he she even said to go into it when like before he was of course You know I mean if you look at the footage, but you know it's funny is the people saying oh he never did it But he's now lost to us he might have gone into public said oh brother. Oh, yeah, oh brother is that what I don't know based on his right and left great based on his great charisma Which he I said yesterday I'll say it again. He was about a half a step above Al Gore he was a very wooden very boring guy and they say he was charming And he was he was charming because he had a lot of money and he was a Kennedy that's what made him charming if he was his last name was Jones And you saw him on a shopping mall somewhere you wouldn't even give him a second look just nor an area guy that's all and the funny thing is I don't begrudging for living his life privately I think that was fine. I mean if it was me I would have lived in a on an island with a whole bunch of naked dancing Yeah, I mean if I had that kind of maybe he did part of it. Yeah, that's right. He absolutely did but you know and I don't begrudging for doing it But the media coming out like saying what he it what he isn't is that's the whole thing. I mean it's just such false You know, all right Neil have a great day pal. This this this two will pass hopefully. I mean something sometime this year. It's only the 20th of July Maybe some maybe some day between now and the end of the year the end of the millennium. Oh, so it's not the end of the millennium. Well, at the end of the decade Sorry, that's not good back at lay. Let's kill four hours with that again. Huh? Let's talk to a bunch of idiots out there about when the next millennium really starts and see watch them take their pants down I was speaking to take the pants down. So one of the time green shows, you know, fill the one at the ricket of coffee all the time behind the business. Very much So the only time you ever see filled doing anything is when he gets naked, which quite practically nobody wants to see him get naked But the thing that was on Sunday and MTV the new one where they took all the kids home from the audience And so feel good take a shower. They had him naked in there in One of the kids parents room when they tried to take the clothes away and he found a bathmaid to cover himself up in and last night I wanted to show is they got still comes off for a back from a size and With just a towel on they pull the towel away and he's lying there stark naked on his belly And Tom Green's got this It was an electric fly swatter and it kept swatting him with it making his put his legs up and he knew all kinds of things It was then he brings a pound of a bag of flour and puts all the flour on his body. It was a beautiful thing And it kind of growtest away. It's like all the stuff on Tom Green and things that are beautiful in a very grotesque way Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello VL8 on great cowboy go flat rest in peace. You hear he's dead. Yeah, uh, it's in hard to week That's in hard died last week and bill flood Yeah, for all the flyers are going down maybe I guess the flyers are going down Yeah, well listen that's much more important than what we're talking about. I think Jean heart was Oh, seriously at least Jean heart had some impact on some people's lives Huh, I had a flyer fan grown up. He was the one he was the voice of my youth. I love right. There you go He had an impact on your life John John he never any impact on your life not on me not on me, but Jean Hartcher did we he got in the whole same for he died right You know, but just won't let you know about bill. I don't know if you heard Thanks for the bad news because I know more tasty case man. Yes, sir. Okay. Yeah, all right 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the mobile one line And let me say it again. Thank God there's flip spice one I'm seeing oh no my god. I'm wrong look at that The wind's picked up a little bit now. Oh, I was just about to get a credit he was doing another thing for I'm about to take a call for the weather today What is this today is Tuesday this happened late Friday night Saturday morning, okay? This is Tuesday How long are they gonna be out there worrying about the conditions of the water so that we can finally find the bodies isn't that what they really want to find? Oh, yeah They were praying over the weekend with all that live coverage that's something like an arm a leg something would float of his gruesome as grizzly as it is That's the media for it. Can you imagine channel 7 If they were to have like a body part float up on shore? We're Sanchez what are taking us right on the middle of the map Floridian done have dirt Listen to me you just stand behind me for soficking understand where everything is helped at a high soficking standards the selection isn't just huge It's soficking huge believe me you'll never shop anywhere else and soficking surprises on just low Yeah soficking low you'll never find them anywhere else listen to me when I say soficking as a beautiful score I mean soficking beautiful When I say this happened helpful I mean soficking helpful listen to me get to know the soficking and enjoy a selection that's soficking huge A staff that's soficking turdious and pricey status soficking low you'll never shop anywhere else but don't take it for me Thank you from satisfied custom our frank and Stein soficking You're so fracking soficking good 32 at 560 Columbus High bed Remember we had a couple of calls yesterday from some listeners out there or some of punks I wanted to give you a song dance about Columbus High but I prefer not to put that stuff on here until I have Some way known it's true especially when it starts your own names around here it is Columbus penalized for recruiting The greater my my athletic conference trips baseball title applies one year restrictions For recruiting how do you like that? Here's a long regard for me. I'll save this collider one Maybe we'll get into this and it's a sent to me biases. I'm gonna go to I'm go to Columbus Gonna be a junior 16 years old. I love you show me those in you for three years now I want to know what you think about the good cat looks at Columbus now I don't want to go to Columbus but my parents make me thanks. I love your show. How do you like that? Here's some young guys probably getting molested by a priest over there Columbus High and His parents are forcing them to go but to say this All those good damn well let's get back to the kin of these there were some good cat looks never still afraid train Just think about one scene and godfather one Were they're baptizing the baby? That's probably I don't know. I would say that was the definitive scene in the movie And of course Michael is gonna be the godfather Michael Rici and what what is that? What do we ever figure out what that what name was? He didn't say Michael Corne at Corne only called a Michael Rici. I remember that break because the way he's rolled his arms like a good atta You know we're a spick would do Do you accept do you reject Satan? That's an end of course You know we're sure we're seeing the montage of all the murders that they remember the five families and It's a beautiful thing. It's lovely but I banged my room So that brains all over their ivy league suit And all the other stuff is going on in church because that's one thing the ties between the Catholic Church and the mob are very very strong And to take a look at the Kennedy's by the way 560 5050 5060 on the mobile one line Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you done great? Now they can't even get the weather right here let alone we need to hear from New Hampshire New Hampshire and Calcade Quad everywhere. Martha's vineyard I'm waiting for the immediate. Let us know that the Poverati were chasing the plane and made it Poverati? Yeah, yeah, Poverati. You know he was chasing it. Yeah, it was like one I was the okay. Thanks five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line Not gonna be one of those big days. I can smell that already You can sense it. I don't care. We're gonna have a good lunch today and we're just gonna keep pressing right on That's all we do here at QAn. We do the best we can and spite of the fact that we've got very very weak leadership Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Neil. Good morning. Yes, sir. Uh, the only problem with this country We have the only problem with this country. Yeah, we have one while we have more than one but The main thing to with the Kennedy's and the people that are worried about them We have to meet people that are hero worshippers. Right now you've got it. You're absolutely correct sir Whether it's Ricky Martin, whether it's still us just alone whether it's John Kennedy whether it's this Kennedy's that Kennedy We're working looking for a hero right And that's the only problem with that the people can't mind their own business and live their own life That's why this business about icons that's headed another word. They're really drives me up to wall is diva all of us So where did this come from? Every female celebrity or every fee a who's ever been made a record the movie Got laid is a diva. Where were they all of a sudden come from what does that mean that comes from the streets? You know the boys from the hood the boys from the hood yeah He was not a boys from not a schfart's award. What do you tell us it like a suit or a intellectual award? No, it's not diva That's where it originated from no diva originated from the streets from the boys in a hood Sure, if you hear the black girl say that no Okay, have a great day sure you do a real well to just started getting off in this stuff You don't know about the same Huh? Yeah, it's a French it's a fatten a French is a European word What is a French or Italian? Tell you time whatever opera no, I've got words to tighten it To that's hanging word and a good Italian boy like me should know that Well, at least it should be a tango with all I passed on all the trips to Italy It should have rubbed off a little bit of rub off. No no, oh it's a street word now Like mother But you're right see I got you distracted with that thing the guy was going in the right direction too many hero worshipers out there All these little girls all these women there they're the worst They are the worst. What's wrong with the women? Maybe because they've been repressed so long in American society and most of the rest of the world too And they don't realize that as individuals they mean something you know like Howard Beal said your life has got some meaning It's a your your the real thing all the stuff is just bull crap Americans are obsessed with this garbage with the start-up and show business and celebrity and and most of these people are misfits That's that's the tragic part of the whole thing most of them are misfits How many rich people in the last 50 years in this country starting with Howard Hughes and go right on down the line? Every single one of my can think of they died tragic deaths. They became recluse They mean it were like psychotic losers losers Like I've always said the wrong people have the money give me that kind of money. I'll just go away You'll never hear from me again. No problems at all. I guarantee that have a great time just give me the money. I'll show you. I'll send you telegram But the wrong freaking people have the money All these neurotics I caught a drug induced Disgusting for landering trash And there are people out there who admire just like he vanner holy moly field. It's a big joke Oh, he only fathered like 10 different kids by 10 different women and plus the however many's got by his wife this week And to big joke Well by the way, remember the hysterical the other hysterical queen that called yesterday Chased teens promote pure love and sexual absence remember that he was talking about they were blocking the streets Which they weren't blocking the streets they weren't disrupting their full of crap including John Sapp which rhymes with crap who's a Jacksonville college student Who says that he isn't even he doesn't even date. He's not getting no girlfriend because he doesn't want the temptation He says some of my friends treat me like it's not cool, but everyone knows the pain of a rocky relationship And then this is a college student. He doesn't Don't be making any assumptions, okay? I get not not don't say that Come on Just because he's not dating girls. It doesn't say anything about guys Please not dating girls because you don't want that temptation Yeah Chased teens promoting pure love and abstinent so they're getting any good in the message across no People are horny. Okay. Let's face it use protection be smart and that's it Just say no assholes like these, but they weren't disrupting the city in this guy that called yesterday But if it's just calm down, okay stop being so emotional He was probably he was probably live in with that other guy who only had the three good years when a Kennedy was in there Yeah, we're supposed to be we're supposed to be crying. You know, I feel I feel really bad Don't I know that I'm not crying? Oh, then I'm not really emotional broken up and they're carrying on about this terrible tragedy This family oh, why do you know something when you got a family that many of them live in a very irresponsible way crap happens to you And when you got a family here with a guy that's supposed to be like Mr. Macho a big hot shot The Kennedy you know is supposed to take grab the bull by the horns and let some bitch run him around You wind up dead all three of them Because he refused to just say no just like these teenagers were saying in a kid from Jacksonville just say oh Just lock yourself in a house never go out. You'll be a lot safer And whatever you do don't breathe that air. It's polluted inside or outside just stop breathing right now You'll be a lot better off You know what I'm saying yeah She's not acting in the church It's kind of th night Me from what they call the Canada futures. If Dorothy killed Gally, who was the live, she stayed. She threw up it so many going to get worse. This is the new town called Gossalhoi's name. Murdered splatter, splatter, splatter, splatter. Who would take it? It's just sounds like Gossalhoi's name. Murdered splatter, splatter. Very tasteful, very tasteful. Anyway, 1045 and 560 WQMs. One of the Fred Grimm's columns in a hero, but it's in a braward section. And George has been getting a lot of calls from people, but maybe it's not in the date section. You think? So I'm going to read it. I mean, maybe 5 times zero really good columns shows up in one of our two local papers here. I believe me, Yoko was the word for both of them. Media at scene when icon dies, right, Fred Grimm is not that the disappearance of John of Kennedy Jr. was unworthy of considerable national news coverage. After all, the son of a slain president, Cratch's private plane in the sea, with his wife and sister-in-law, board, that's news gripping news. His sudden death off Martha's vineyard certainly recalled from any American, wrenching old emotions born of his father's assassination nearly 36 years ago. Who among my generation doesn't remember that total of John John saluting his father's casket, such memories make for compelling reading. And this all adds to the awful tragedies endured by a family we guarded with mythic fascination by the public, another Kennedy death, poignant stuff and big news, just not this big. By Saturday, the media was once again a wash in excess and orgy of coverage that dwarf dispellers modest personal achievements, the networks quickly summit in their anchors, celebrity icons themselves, who sat there most of Saturday, repeating the scant-known facts about the disappearance, fearlessly batting around rumors and recalling the life of a 30-something fellow who was not one of the giants of our time. Not that this was a phenomenon confined to the broadcast media, the herald for example offered little boy on its front page Sunday, then the death of the founder and editor of George and entertaining magazine Apollothexon culture with a circulation of about 400,000 notable lately for losing money. A one-time assistant district attorney with no famous cases to his credit, Kennedy was universally described as a decent good-natured fellow, given a charitable work, and it was noted frequently that John was much better behaved than some of his notorious kind of cousins. But the reason it was the only story this weekend was that JFK, Jr. however, reluctantly had been deemed a celebrity a great celebrity icon. Or is that the infax machine getting out of paper or ink again something to him? That thing is beeping back there one more time. It anyway, and his death set off a media reaction that had nothing to do with reality or substance or achievement or influence or politics or publishing, it was about celebrity was about a media spectacle. And we witnessed something this weekend that most closely resembled the death of Princess Diana. She was said to be decent and sweet and caring and charitable, but that was mere rationalization for those hours of non-stop TV coverage with the American TV anchors gone to Britain to witness their funeral with the covers of the news magazines devoted to a lost icon. There is that goddamn order again. And this two represents the mainstream news media embrace of the sensational. The coverage was only an extension of Diana and Tanya and Monica and O.J. Highton is the 24-hour TV news cycle, the vourous stories, whatever increasing piracy. And as the Internet spreads rumors that it become news merely because they're pervasive and persistent. If John of Kennedy Jr. had not been pronounced by people magazine as the sexiest man alive, if he had been short and less handsome, would his death have been the most startling news of it of the summer? No. Or if the lost Kennedy had been instead his sister Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg, someone less pursued by the tabloid paparazzi, would the networks have descended on Martha's Vineyard with the same urgency? No. Would the Harold have given over its entire front page the Caroline? No. Of course. And here come and Fred Rirmwrights this great column and then he asked to destroy it in the last paragraph. Maybe you want to keep his job. He says, of course, I plead hypocrisy. I watched for hours. I read the stories and I was moved by the loss of someone I've never met or seen or voted for or even thought much about. But he was an icon taken away in an age of icons in the age of excess. I mean, he writes that whole great column and then in the last paragraph he was an icon was he an icon? No. No. He was nothing. He was a guy with a famous name. How about that old actor Arthur Kennedy? Remember him that old guy with a mustache, with a character actor, all those corny movies? There's another guy with a Kennedy name. He's dead when he died to make a big semis about that. Oh, huh? Let's think of all the other dead candidates who weren't related to this one particular Kennedy family and did anybody make a big deal when they died? Oh, probably some of them were pretty good people. Of course, there's always a doctor Kennedy up there in the 12-ridge. But anyway, 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one-line. Here's a lady mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. I just got back from Vegas. Yeah. And I'm playing back someone had a time magazine and he is on the cover. Okay. Oh, I know. We've got a cover of all the juniors on the cover of every news magazine I already. Didn't waste any of these things. Uh-huh. Went into a flat tournament. Yeah. 5,000 dollars. That's a place. Uh-huh. Went over to the Nisha. The Nisha? New one. The Nisha. Whatever it is. Venice. The hotel. Venetia. It's beautiful. But we had friends saying there. They said that the staff was thoroughly air conditioning wasn't working. Really? Service couldn't get. Yeah. They had two rooms. They were conditioning two days. Couldn't get phone messages. The phone system was all sorted out. Or that. That's only 110 in Vegas in the daytime. That's not too bad. I wouldn't know. Didn't go outside. Yeah. What the work is? Okay. We're getting ready at a great time. Ah. It looks phenomenal. It's better than one place. Okay. See. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. On a mobile one line. Columbus High School, as I said, has been stripped of its 1999 greater Miami athletic Conference Baseball title. Find $1,000 for recruiting athletes in football basketball baseball and wrestling. According to the GMAC. They also banned the Columbus Football Basketball Baseball and wrestling teams from competing for championships during the 1999 2000 school year. And placed the athletic program on probation for one year. Columbus might be suspended from the GMAC if it doesn't take corrective action. And the story goes on and on of course they deny it. But it goes on a great line. Recruiting in high school. Why not going to start recruiting in grade school elementary school. That's what we need to do. And then we can bring those experts on here that they have on there with the increase in regularity. Thank God, by the way. I noticed most of the people on the station shy away from bringing those experts on here even before the draft. Talking about the great the eight year old kid in Wyoming with a great arm. You'd all let the crap. All that sick twisted garbage. Here's a lady in temper. Pine. Hello. What is that all about? Here's a lady in temper. Pine. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Okay. It's our phone. Hello. I just want to say three things. Move down here from New York. And you are my state. Yeah, moving out again. Yeah. And the second thing about the Kennedy. If anybody in this goddamn country know that every botlow scotch board in this country they get a dollar. They get a dollar. The every botlow scotch. The grandfather did this. Yeah. So the candidates want to go they if somebody want to make them go broke. Don't find them worse. Okay. And does anybody know that Jaclyn Kennedy paid his decenetary. Didn't even let our kids frat tonight with them while they were growing up. Yeah. Well, she was a good one to talk. She was no. Oh, I thought I was right on the edge of that yellow button about 30 second to go. And she didn't let me down. I just had a premonition there that sooner or later. She was going to blow it out some crap. And she did with an essay. I just got to know that you're right on target. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line as we keep plotting along here. This phone system, by the way, is a real piece of crap. And I mentioned that yet today. On 2300 times. Piece of garbage. Of course, it rags up there in Montana on a bust mentality for a few weeks. He'll be back someday. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Yeah. Meal. I was a 16 when when JFK was killed. And I was a part of it. You know, I know it sounds anti-climatic. And it just sounds a little sensitive. But you were part of it. You were felt it. But another thing. What does that have to do with this? I, it's just, you can't, you can't lose it. You know, if you were, if you were teenage or around that time, we was just something, you felt something different. You hear it on a TV or whatever. But I was 21 years old when I was a citizen. I was a citizen. I was, I was working two jobs at the time. And Rochester, New York, I was working at a daytime and a record store. And I was working in the evenings in Bantavian, New York, and the WBTA radio. And the guy came in the store and said, Do you have a radio? The president's been shot and we turned on a radio. And I left and drove to work with tears in my eyes. And it was very disturbing to me. But you know, something that had nothing to do with what happened this week. I know what you're saying. But for some reason, I can't lose that attachment. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I had a charm. Yeah, it's a charm to life. He was, he had everything he wanted in this world. He was gorgeous. He was like, he was like, you know, I don't know. But I, I still have rock money on the family. I don't know. I feel like it's my opinion. But what is that had to do with the president getting a sense, and he was the president? I know. I just, you can't lose that attachment. We don't, we don't, we don't, we don't, we don't, we don't. That's a lot, we don't, we don't want to. Let me ask you this one. William Kennedy, uh, when he died, did you have the same feeling? No. When Michael Kennedy had the ski accident, got killed. Where the tree, did you have the same feeling? No, well, why not? I don't know. Oh, they were young people. They were accidents. There were Kennedy's. It's just. It was like this, because it's really. It didn't manipulate you sufficiently then. And now you're getting sucked in and have a great day. Oh, how sad. It's an American tragedy. When David Kennedy died, of course, that was a drug overdose. We know that all people that do drugs are evil and bad. And therefore deserve to die. Was there any big tumis about that? No. Nothing. Basically nothing, and that was right down here in a hotel, uh, down here. There was no big deal about that. And this guy is rationalizing to himself why he is willing to be sucked in by the media hype. I don't see the connection in any way shape or form. Big, if you just want to be honest with yourselves, this man, like I said yesterday, he didn't look like the Kennedy, he didn't sound like them, he didn't act like them. He was non-political other than put it under magazine, that occasionally had political articles, but he was his non-politicals could be. He didn't nothing. He didn't nothing but be a rich person with a lot of media spotlight. Why? Because he was a great person, no, because he was rich and his name was Kennedy. That's all. And it's unfortunate that I have to go on screaming in the island like this because I'm not insensitive when somebody dies in an accident. We also should be sensitive about that, but the fact is we're not Americans are the most insensitive people in the world that I can think of and I supposedly civilized country anyway. To death, you've been so desensitized by the media that all these horrible things happen in biology and that to let what's next, you know, who's pitching tonight? And who's catching on, sorry Ricky? What happened? When the most male level in force in the universe somehow finds its way out of the cosmos and into an old opera house. And more clenic in association with another really rich guy and group like whoever presents. That's not the matter of the opera. He was horribly injured in an unfortunate, keywalk explosion when he was young. Now he wears a mask to hide his hideous features, but he can't hide his hideous singing voice. I must pull out my life's labor and bond. And who met a bee opera? It's full of music you don't know. Some by all new characters you never heard of. My name's O'Hubber, Lord of the Galpah, is the place for your metal style. Phantom Venice of the Opera, the stories they in the characters are weak and the music's repetitive. But hey, come on, it's Star Wars! Oh, God! Another classic example of hype, maybe that's what it's all about. Let me go to a QM, we got Hank from Shula's, no, in the studio today, to a clock. We got talking baseball with Donny B, at 6 o'clock. Marlins at the Red Sox, 6 o'clock, 6 o'clock, and 7 o'clock. How about Tom Kennedy, the TV game show host, Remember Tom Kennedy, who's like brothers with Jack Nars or Brother and Laura something like that? Don't remember Tom Kennedy. He was on name that cool, atone? The glasses? Oh, you remember Tom Kennedy? I think he's dead. Anybody make a big deal about that? No, sir, I want to tell you, the guy that just called from Boca, and I'm delighted to see you listen to all these opinions in the outpouring of this and that. But that was tragic to me, to listen to that. He was 16 when the president got shot and he still, it's still a part of you. What is a part of you? I don't understand what that has to do with these other meaningless people. And I ran a lot of a whole list of names of people in the same family who died premature grotesque deaths and none of them had anything to do with this guy. But they weren't considered to be glamorous. They weren't considered to be icons. They weren't editors of glutee magazine. They weren't given all this publicity. And the media didn't make a big song to dance when they died and tell you that you're supposed to, that there's some connection between this guy's death and the president. There is no connection. Other than the fact that he was his son. This is rocket science. This is in brain surgery. We were talking about here. And all you kids out there, we have it summertime. A lot of young people listen to the show, can't listen to it in the school year. There's a good lesson for you to learn in all of this. Don't get sucked in by the hype. You know, it's one thing. We admire people, movie stars, athletes, singers, whatever. It's fun. Fun. If you keep it in perspective, written these spears, everybody will go out there or like the spear, written you. Okay. For fun. That's our, yeah, it will be fun. I'm sure. But the people who become upset, it's like the Elvis people. Those people are sick. I've done two shows on this station last year and a half. I just stand out in my mind, make me just want to wander in a corner somewhere. Oh, my life. Just that they're inhaling oxygen going. Yeah. With these idiots who are reshuppin' off the Grace land, men. Women I can understand. Women, unfortunately, like I said, they've been kept in a closet for so long that they're emotionally constipated. Most of them. They've been repressed. So they think they're supposed to be silly. But men. Oh, yes. My wife and I were going back to Grace land again this year and that's going to be great and so much fun up there. And you see all the Elvis' old cars. Go to a junkyard. You want to see old cars. Go to one of those classic auto joints. You know, want to see really neat cars. Go to a corvette show. Do something. But there's a session with these people. And like I said before, when you take people's clothes off. Yeah, I mean, they're sure there are some people look a lot better when they're close off than most of the rest of us. Thank God. But generally speaking, or I can be a better one than that. Speaking of Jason and that disgusting picture that I can't get out of my mind. That turned in the toilet bull. You've heard of a turned to punch bull. We got a turned to toilet bull. Which at least it knew it's a proper place. That we had to see a picture of. Right at lunchtime two days ago. But just stop and think about that. We all just say him. Okay. Don't smell too good. It didn't very savory. But it's all the same. That's right. We all eliminate the same. That's the way of bringing us down to the basis human level of the comments and denominator. The idea that just because somebody is famous that they're, don't stink. I mean, you got to be crazy. There's something wrong with that. The American obsession with celebrity man. Everybody's an icon. We got more goddamn icons that you can shake your thing at. And Carter's got pills. Everybody's a freaking icon. Even people are just relatives of icons. They're like, you know, sub icons. Like a subwoofer. Five, six, seven. I wouldn't be surprised if Lacy had the kid somewhere. You know, Lacy who was a guy that we used to think was a girl or whatever. But kind of a confused gender identity. There's somewhere along the line. I wonder if those dogs are also icons. You think so? I mean, the Taco Bell dog. Maybe that dog's got little puppies running around icon. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Five, six, eight, five, six, six. On the AT&T line, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. How you doing? Okay. The guy in Boca at four works for him. Good luck to him. Yeah. No, I think I'd like to ask with guys like that walking around him. I'm losing. What was he talking about? I'm from the same generation as he is five years older than he is. Like you said, it's a meeting. He didn't pump it up. He didn't give a crash. Right. Quick question. Meaningless. Of roses mine kid. Those are in Teddy and the one who flew over to Kukus nest. Which one of them are still alive? Roses kids? Yeah. Okay. Jopi and roses. There was nine. We know Teddy still alive. Yeah. And the one who flew over to Kukus nest. I don't, I don't think I can't give any. Not that it matters. No. I just thought we'd take a little death toll. So you can see. Well, there's a thing in the, they got a family tree in here. And one of the papers. I have to find it. I kind of looked at it. You know, I'm tired of all this crap already. Yeah. There's a picture. It's got all the, the lineage. This one, the big got that one. And then a customer for Robert Kennedy to have like two pages for all the kids that he and Ethel had. And Ethel, oh, here it is. It's on page nine A in the Sun Sentinel this morning. Let's see. Here's the old man. 4. 1988 died 69. You remember that coma, right? Let's see. I think he was alive to see. I don't get the highest point. I don't get why, oh, here they are. Okay. Here's the nine kids. Okay. You know, Kennedy's driver. She's still alive. She's married to the Sergeant driver. Jo, Jean Kennedy Smith. She's still alive. Right. Rosemary. She's the one. She's still alive, by the way. Rosemary. She's the mother. Huh? So not the mother. No, Rosemary's the one ahead of the shock treatment. She's the one ahead of the. Right. She's 80 years old. She's still alive. Right. Let's see. Bobby Kennedy is dead. Rose Kennedy is dead. The old man is dead. Patricia Kennedy, born 1924 married to Peter Lofford. She's still alive. Pack Kennedy. Kathleen Kennedy died of a plane crash. The age of 28. And Joe Kennedy Jr. was killed in the plane crash in the war. He was 29. She died. Was she was out on a fair with an English guy? Yeah. So there's one, two, three, four of the nine who are dead. And one that's the locked away somewhere. So that's not, you know. Okay. That's another batten 50%. Yeah. I don't like the more ones. Okay. I'm a great day. Ha ha ha. Yeah. Yeah. That poor one that they got that Rosemary, Marie, whatever it is. Yeah. She too many shock treatments. I wonder she knows the chief. Huh? Yeah. The chief was just if he would just pull that water fountain off the floor and crash through the window, we could get her out. What do you say? Oh. Before it's too late. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T, wild as long. What about America's least known families? What about America's least known sensational, not so exciting families? That's what we need to be more concerned about. Just your average Jane and Mary in the John and whatever it is on the street corner somewhere. God. Oh, celebrities. They're so important. Their stuff doesn't stay. Their money, of course, so else a little dirty, but never less. They got lots of it. You're right. That's the only thing I want is their money. I don't envy them in any other way. I just want some of that money and I'd have a good time and I'd go away. That's all. I'm at its 10 minutes after 11 of QAM. The media is sick and me top down the ass. Knock. What your country can do for you? The candidates. They've been the subject of movies, books, television series. More movies, a couple more books. Hey, they're even on your money. You'd think there was nothing left to say about the candidates. And you'd be right. And yet, lifetime books proudly present. The Ford Garden Cannabis. Involved you once, the tragic story of Game Show host Tom Kennedy. Do you remember where you were the day that sale of the century was canceled? No. Right, and I heard done radio. Please don't know, right? Please, we still got money, all it says. In the same law. Involved you, too. George Kennedy, the blue night, the big fan. Blue night, read, live, the humiliation and shame of free airport movies. One of us at Shelley Widdish. And in volume three, chain Kennedy. Known to Hollywood producers is Jane, get dressed and get out, Kennedy. Order now, and will include exclusive photographs of Princess Stephanie on the beaches in Monaco. Make it. Sure, she has nothing to do with the candidates. But wait, you get a load of those yaw balls. Before gotten Kennedy's a new series from Lifetime. Books and monthly payments that will last a lifetime. And see what I'd say about Tom Kennedy. That guy before he got all broken up with Tom Kennedy croaked. Oh, I think he did. One call on a board. How do you like this? All of a sudden we're like, right in the old, cramford. Maybe I'm just, you know, we're beating the dead horse. Maybe that's what it is. Oh, you shouldn't have said that. Bad expression. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a great letter to the editor for Robert Summers in Pembroke Pines. I find the letters to the editor in this town are either great or idiotic. I mean, it's like very few in between. It says the outrageous attempts by the writer A.V. of H.J.L.I.12 letter to muffle criticism of Riddle and based on unclarified claims by her grandfather's doctor, are on called four. Absolutely correct, Robert. Medical documentation about harmful long term effects of Riddle and of long been known were not for some high-price pharmaceutical interest. The manufacturer and distribution of Riddle and might have been discontinued. A long time ago says Robert Summers in Pembroke Pines, let's hear it for Robert. Another guy who dares to tell a guy damn true. Thank you. All these kids bouncing off the walls and they have to give Riddle and because they're all there all, I'm sugar shockers is what the real problem is. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Hi, me, oh. Yes, man. Are you doing? I'm doing good. Well, I'm a long time listener. I haven't called you in a long time though, but I wanted to call. Because I was wondering, we can't see we're watching channels six news yesterday. I never watched channels six news ever. Well, lucky you. With the only channel I get in my complex and unfortunately, I can't help but notice that every single time there's any sort of crisis. No matter where it is in the world, they always have to find that. South Florida connection. Yeah. And of course, this one was a little bit better because apparently the plane was built here in South Florida. So that is a big, you know, seeing that ties us to John F. And don't forget he took his flying lessons down here. I think in a bureau or somewhere down here. We proud. Hmm. Yeah. The only other thing that I wanted to say was that I know may not be popular or whatever, but I can kind of agree just a little bit with I guy from Boko who called. Yeah. Because I can understand. I mean, whether we like it or not, we do know John is kind of a junior or take whatever you want to call him now. Even if it wasn't for anything that he did himself, we knew him. And you know, you do feel just a little bit worse when he dies than when you know, you're neighbor does. I mean, I'll be the night neighbor. Do you know when your neighbor does? Well, this is Miami. You don't really know your neighbor's very well. Oh, my god. I can't believe you. You want to retract that. I'll give you an opportunity because I know you don't really mean. I'm like, I don't know what you got in my name. I might be like George and Evan nasty neighbor, you know, but I grew up with nasty neighbors. But you know what I mean. I mean, I mean, I don't know what you mean. How can you listen if you unless it's somebody you really dislike, okay? Studying that aside, if it's somebody you really know somebody tangible, somebody you speak to, somebody who has an impact on your life, even if it's only just by curiously by seeing and, you know, being in the same space. How can you feel so much worse about somebody that you don't even know that had no impact on your life? It's not so much that I feel so much worse. It's that for you were saying it yourself over that Tom Kennedy was right. Don't happen to know that was the reason that I feel more for a jazz case that and for his is because he wasn't a media all the time. Because I'm able to recognize who he is. It's not that I feel worse that he died or that somebody outside. I know people who was dying and I feel horrible for them. But I can connect with with JFK's death because I know him. Okay. What about Phil Hartman, do you know who he was? Oh yeah, I felt terrible when he died. But how come? I mean, here's a guy who was entertaining or really was a talent who who entertained millions of people. How come when he died? How come when he died? The story was really, I mean, there was some coverage, but relatively speaking it was like a drop of water in a bucket compared to the coverage we're getting on this. Unfortunately because the media chose this to do whatever they want to do and they chose to have a jazz case you need to be more popular. They chose to wear the Kennedy, the immediate Kennedy family to be the ones that we're going to focus on. If they was in it's true and I'm not that's not the point that I'm arguing is true that because what about all these other candidates that died too? Well, they're one of good looking as JFK's. Okay, now we got down to it. Okay. That's just plain true. Okay. Hope you find some good looking neighbors. So do I. Okay. See you. Bye. There you go. See an asset. It's not just fame, but it's looks and I'll go along with that. I'm the biggest sucker. You show me a good looking guy and I'll go immediately. Yeah. No, like butter. That's right. And see we assume that the good looking people automatically are more glamorous. Have greater more exciting lives certainly getting a lot more action. They're nicer people. Some good looking people are assholes. Can we think of anybody at the moment? Think of somebody who looks really really good. Mail or female and say, he's an ass or she. Huh? Can't think of anybody. I'm talking about something that really just swaggering example, Ricky Martin. Now I'll have to admit he looks pretty good when he's got a toe on the ground. Huh? They got him dolled up pretty good. But he's an asshole. And can't think of a paper sack and he makes me nauseous. He makes me want a puke. He makes me want to get on the ground on my hands and he's in vomit. Oh, and you'll never guess it was on TRL yesterday on MTV. And Ricky. No. Somebody much less good looking and much less talented. I know your eyes when I say much less. Your night was on air. I've been mentioned Sam is a clue on that, okay? George Knight. There's another one who don't look good, but still makes me want a puke. But it's the glamour thing. Don't you understand even his magazine George? You know, it was a glamour thing. It was politics, but it was mainly glitz. It was a glitzy thing. It was a rag that was losing money as what it was. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, I was going up. Yes, sir. Did you know that a one minute hit us now playing for teams here? Yeah, I know that. He was on there. There was a bit of a hit. He was a hit. He was a spokesman. Yeah. Dad Michael Cudding who was I get to get to know us. That's a little on the phone. And Paul such a circle. Paul, like, oh, well, this is not a metal metal. And I hate to pull this on. He's talking about the sawgrass and the plug-wike, which I've nothing to do with what the situation is. Right. That's not going anywhere. To God who was being allowed to the far as the wording in the bow, go. Go. Go. Go. He's going to be kind of rap. And he said, yeah, I'm just glad I was all wrong with that. But that's a one-month-old debate with anybody who has a lot of things to do with the county. And he said, what do you think he's got? He's got a flat-pap amount. And then whatever they've been run about it, this is going to be good for that. Go. In other words, they're manipulating political light weights, like footing in Paul Castro and over to get out of try to brainwash the public. Exactly. You know, it's got to happen whenever the blame wants anybody because he doesn't even know what's reporting. Yeah. And it was Michael Carding and I guess they had one in the end. I guess to see a little bit of support for the labor units and results. Yeah, well, he's been school-chasing. Yeah. Okay. So the natural everybody has had. I guess that's you. Everybody pretty much was against the DAX for one or even or another who came out after they got rid of the cannelles and the river else. And back in the valley, he's talking, I'm trying to find running this good job to know it. And so rightfully the guy on the way, the lot's gone. He's got a little position on one of his personal accounts and bars. Yeah, get your balls, Castro. All right. So no material and thanks for all your phones, crap it out. But thank you so much for the spy report. Yeah, all these gutsy people see it. And it's all the same. Everybody just went, but it doesn't like spaghetti in the wind. Like limp spaghetti. That's why this town is hopeless. That's why it's a helpless hopeless situation. And most people just come here and kind of like, Yeah. That's all. Just vegetating this swallowing, wilting heat. Except the good looking people, of course, are getting a lot of action. That's why we admire them. And we just are desperate to try to like touch them and feel them and squeeze them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and coral spring, hello. Hello, Neil. I just want to say a couple of things. If they back up a couple of colors for that one lady, maybe she's just named or vibrated after a JFK. Okay. And I just want to say with all this hype that's going on for John Kennedy. You get the money, birds out too. And so you get to honey junior, but anyway, I'm sorry. That guy didn't ever do anything for this freaking country. Let alone be remembered by just putting a little hand to his forehead for his father's death. Well, I don't respect, but he's really no big deal. And just because everybody likes him because he's a good-looking guy. I'm not giving, I'll say what, he's a good-looking guy to me. He's not. He wasn't a good-looking guy. He was a very, I mean, in a boring sense. There are some people that think that people who look like that who kind of like a continental look. I think the guy that called the answer to that said, oh, and answers to that, he did he had that Greek look, you know. That is hair, stand like two inches tall. Yeah. It's big puppy. And if you're talking about a plastic look. And my heart, yeah, totally. And as far as all the news media, Channel 7 news, Rickson, and Shes, get kissed for us. Okay, thanks. Thank you. He'll be right over. I got a lot of practice. You can squat right down on it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on it. Isn't there something where debating was he good-looking? Was he bad-looking? Was he mediocre? Was he a five on a scale of, well, what is that guy doing? He was much into about nothing. And as far as good-looking guys, you can go to a shopping mall right now. I'll hear a key right. This second. And I'll find your 5,000 good-guys look at how a lot better than him. That nobody in the media is going to make a big song to dance about. Am I right? What was the big sentence with him? Okay, it was a tragedy. He's dead, and here we are. It's only Tuesday. And they've already given up. I think they're going to be commended for that. Only at least Saturday, Sunday, Monday. This is only four days after the fact. And they finally give it up. Now we're just hoping for some body parts or something. Really juicy that they can sink their teeth into. I'm a cup, man. I know, but man, can I trust you, Arthur? And now, Dr. Jeremy Burnham, with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by T.L.C. Dr. Burnham? A scrub of the dye that thinks he's flawed, also known as a fussy. Always talking about what he wants, just sit and we grow fat. So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine. And no, I don't want to meet you nowhere. No, I don't want none of your time. And no, I don't want no scrub. A scrub of the guy that can't get no love from me. Hang it out with passenger side of his best friends ride. Trying to holla happiness. No scrub. No scrub. No no. No scrub. No no no no no. No scrub. No no. No. No. No. Let me throw you on a fact. 50 WQM. So no, here's a great facts from Bill and Four Myers who says, Ray Vaughan, Neil, if you must, maybe the candidates are not better than you, but they in their kind give the rest of us some measure of respite from our dreary, drudge field lives. Most of us are surrounded by ugly obese white trailer trash and sports or wrappers in their baggy clothes and greasy spicks with their naturally distasteful looks and style. Forgive us, but sometimes we enjoy seeing just a glimpse of style, beauty and grace from Bill and Four Myers. I could do the next month, though, shows on this facts. First of all, the part about maybe the candidates are not better than you. It's not a question whether they're better than me. It's a question of whether they were better than those people who are like in morning now. They're just people. That's my philosophy. People are people. Basically, all the same. You know, you look on the inside, all the organs are the same. You look in the toilet pool. All the same. People are people. That's all. That's not a question whether they're better than me or not. It's a question whether they're better than you or not, Bill. Whether or not your life has any meaning. Your dreary dredge for life, and of course your over there in four Myers, the one of your life is dreary and dredge field. Maybe you might have moved to someplace where there's some living and breathing people, which with all the respect to our many listeners over in a West Coast, they know it's what else I do. There are too many over there. Most of the people there have been dead for 20 years. Nobody bothered to send them a telegram and let them know about it. They make the people in sunrise look like teenagers. And this business about were surrounded by ugly obese white trailer trash. I don't watch the dreary spring or show or Jenny Jones or any of that crap. So I don't know the contrary, my very many trailer. Do you have a bit of trailer park? No, not this way. Of course, he's over there in four of my, see it all comes back to four Myers again, Bill. Too many trailer parks. And sparks are rappers in their baggy clothing. Well, I get out of time as much as possible. Okay, Bill, I go to places like a colon germany. Didn't see too many shfarks is over there. I mean, there's nothing wrong with seeing the shfarks or two here. Yeah, a couple of weeks, not bad. And greasy spicks with their naturally distasteful looks in style. Oh, he's got a point there. No, he does not. See this Christ. I mean, you've been looking at the wrong spicks. That's your problem, Bill. You better go down the southeast. You'll see some real amount of what you're looking for. You'll see it down there. I wouldn't touch it. I would get too close because that's a very contagious. Whatever they got. But other than that, I mean, get with it. Bill over there in Fort Myers. Get with the program. Okay. And they can excuse us. We enjoy a glimpse of style beauty in grace. And like I said, there's nothing wrong with it. My right. And as far as looking at somebody beautiful, there's nobody in the world. That likes looking at somebody beautiful more than I do. Believe me when I tell you. Trust me when I tell you. But that doesn't mean you lose perspective on it. And if all of a sudden, one of them should have an addition of which. What was the biggest difference with this guy anyway? As style and grace. You could have for the fashion consultant. You'd be a snappy dragon. How about Grace. If I had his money, if you're going to have a fashion consultant, I could afford, you know, $2,000 suits. And what about Grace Kelly? She even had the name Grace. Princess Grace. Princess Grace of Monaco. Class. Style. elegance. Beauty. Talent. There was somebody. If you're going to admire somebody who's a celebrity, there's somebody who was worthwhile admiring. And to the media make a big difference about that, did we have days on end of a, oh, gee, let's find out when the car went off the cliff and how fast he was going. And but I mean, now we got to be treated to this spectacle of how far the plain fell. What the altitude was before when did this death dive? And how fast it was going? And I'm have to sit here and tell you that that sick sick is an understatement. How about all those people that died in TWA 800? How many were there hundreds of people that died in that crash? I will guarantee you, A, there were people on that plane who were better looking than the candidates, B, there were people on there who were more talented and more meaningful than the candidates who had more style, more class, more grace, more talents, contributed more to mankind. But we never hear about them as individuals. All we hear about is all the lives about the plane crash from the NTSB and the FAA and the FBI. Because the media picks and chooses what most people in this country think. And there are damn few of us are willing to say, D, okay, we don't care what you tell us. We're not going to buy into your bull crap. But Bill and Fort Myers, he's buying into a big time. Just stay away from those trailer parks, Bill, you'll be a lot happier. Life will be less dreary and dredged filled. Maybe get out of town once in a while, grab up to like Naples, you know, the big time. Even put the gorda would be good. Here's North Miami, hello. Good morning. Yes sir. A lot of times to talk to you. Have you been watching a witness to the mob the past couple of nights? No. Oh, you missed it. Do we miss to the mob? Yeah, the movie with John Turchero, whatever his name is, the guy from the YPD Blue. I didn't know I think about that. I know the banana thing is coming out with Martin Landau. No, this is what's about family to bull and John Gotti on Sunday night and Monday night. It was pretty good. Okay. Pretty good. I was saying, no one about that. Listen, I heard you talking to us. I couldn't get to a phone and the heard you guys got the hurricane deal now. Let me tell you something. I know that Greg Reed got a town. But whatever they do, don't put that. Call them, do you think? Just go to Gacky, off. Yeah. He used to have so cold. Right. We're going to say, oh, Joseph Gacky. Huh? Unbelievable. I guess you're a minor reader. Oh, yeah. Please. I mean, you want to talk about Coleman do you see? Well, he's tight with Hank. Oh, I know. I know. He's on the fence. He goes, well, I'm not going to be here on Saturdays anyway. You know, like, you know, you want to go with the other guy out of this guy. You know, but you know, it's nothing to have your friends. But to show for guys like me, you are so boring. He was a man who is the void of any personality. He could put a fleet of Mexican jumping, being the sleep in 30 seconds. And so, you know, he and Hank are real tight as friends, which is fine. But don't try to ponder him off. That's like Roy trying to ponder O.J. off for us. Like what is with that CBS, you know, I mean, I was watching CBS. Then I don't watch any of this news anymore. Soon as five o'clock comes around, I channel surf. And then you know, with that Angela Ray that he's on there, I said, holy crap. This is what a, what a stinker this basis. He needs doggy dogs. I believe he needs some serious asses. I mean, it's an, I had a control. And I know one other thing I wanted to mention, Demon, I forgot now. Anyway, oh, yeah. In the paper, Norman Braiman, he's against this, uh, this tax deal. Yeah. So that's another big name. Hopefully he could these people get out. You mean he's back here. I thought he was in the Philadelphia. Well, he's in local news and my, my, my, my addition, Card deal, behind new group against tax. Nice going, Norman. There we go. Okay. What are your people? See you. Okay. Bye. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Every time itman, maybe every time, But, Everyone in Detroit elected like that. Very well. And 500. It's a terrific hashtag. Still coffee orics, Hank saying Kirk Gaudy was the greatest broadcaster in the history of sports I think the Kirk Gaudy was good in the old AFL days when he was with Paul Chrisman and then Alty were goddess. He was very good. He was good with a red sauce not great good. He was Okay, but the greatest not even a great not even a greatest football announcer or the greatest baseball announcer or any other sport that ever did He wasn't the greatest with an any individual sport that he did much less the greatest sports announcer of all time was he? No, I'm sorry Kurt I forget you have done here, so a better duckic as ass child beat get your meat boo mom and dad were playing tag my fear on bed poppin She went drinkin' but you got a milk moustache. They think through the tea hole and she'll want a tea. But I sure do like you more than you do on TV. Mowing dad were hooked together, like my LinkedIn lawn. Last time I saw something like that. Mom was yelling at the door, dad was breathing heavy. Mom was on her knees. You have to have had a boom boom crush. She's just a wealthy peep. She's been told to keep you home watching mom and dad. Making turns to be home the most hungry ever had. When we watched those little wander, a nice party took us sick. If daddy's name is Albert, why mom asked for a gift. Daddy grew to the side, go back. Mommy wanted more. She's gone back on top of them but all he did was snore. She's been told to keep you home. I've got so many pets. I can't wait to drive it. I'm so girly. My class. I can't wait to drive it. I'm so girly. My class. It's 145 at 5.50. W.M. You're right. Bill and Fort Myers is a classic representative of, I would say a very high percentage. I won't pick a number. A tremendously frighteningly high percentage of American public. He lives by curiously through other people. Because basically his motto is, I have no life. Right. How's that? See, I go through my life and I wonder, what is it that people want? What is it that they expect? Life may not be all that exciting for a lot of people. But it sure beats the alternative. That's the way I look at it. You wake up in the morning and you say, All right. Yeah. I'm alive. I woke up this morning here. I am basically in one piece. There you go. Let's go out for another day. Here it is because they're out that many. When you come right down to us. Well, what is it that people want? That's why we got so many screwed up people. Because I think people's expectations of life have been made unrealistic. It's just like the search for the greater orgasm. Well, guess what? What's wrong with an ordinary pedestrian orgasm, okay? Not so bad. Could be worse. Everything's going to be better. It's like the thing with, you know, Extreme this and extreme. The extreme. The extreme violence, extreme sports, extreme. History, extreme suicide. Because the ordinary pedestrians stuff, Well, let's pass a now. Because somebody is convinced the public that their lives are meaningless. Sounds like Howard Beal now, you know. It's true. That's why I will be with so great. And that was 20, some years ago. You said, you're the real people. We're just the illusion. This is just bullcraft. This is fantasy. It's all just a dog and pony show. And you got millions of people out there who can't separate the wheat from the Chaf. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where else line? By the way, Dan LaBazza has got another column in that it was actually agree with. So that's scary too in a row. But there's no point reading it because every year we were waiting for the hockey season starts. In fact, the other one just ended. Our cats being cheap skates about the reindeer spending all that money and about, well, one thing we know that the Tory and the Moories are running a line. If they don't produce this year, they're going to be up. Didn't we hear that last year? Any year before that? And the thing about Robby, need of my, oh, yeah, every year. It's the same old tired story. And the sad part of it is that everybody keeps showing up. So what can I tell you? I get my tickets for free. Get my, I think the only thing I pay for is my preferred parking there at the O'Rina. And other than that, I get tickets for free. So why show up? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. New car. Yes, sir. What's up boss? Hang in there, hang in there. First of all, the building. Yes, the building for buyers. Yes. Before prohibition, the Kennedy and the Rockefellers were white trash anyway. Yeah. Believe in his trailer park. No, take that and shove it where it's on those sides. And don't buy any more scots bill. I guess Bill will be the guy who would buy the extra bottle of scots because his life is boring number one. Oh, but once the subsidized those glamorous and beautiful and stylish people. Bill's a kind of guy that will buy beer. The kind of white trash, oh, buy Bush. Grandma bull, nice thing. Yeah. I don't think Bill seemed too much bush-laced. They're kind of all, I don't know. I love what PBS channel 2 is doing. They're putting the life from Joe onward. Oh, quite a minute. Wait a minute. But they're putting everything including. No, I don't know. I'm just depressed that I haven't been watching it. Including how Joe called his mafia buddies to fix the first three primary for a son Jack. Right. But he was running for president. All right. How he was in with the mafia and San Gian Connet. And how Jack was in Las Vegas with the red pack and San Gian Connet. Wow, he was running for president. Right. And then how he got out his brother Robert to Joe way and some hideaway somewhere. Because he didn't want Joe to influence his brother Jack. See, people are very naive, which is another statement. But they wonder how come the mob was involved in the hits probably on both of the candidates. And here they are. They were the ones that helped to put them in in the first place. Right. And to fix these elections for them and get all these promises that they would look the other way once they got in. And then all the stuff that didn't work out that way. And a mob said, well, guess what? They came back as a bitch. Yes, what? They even had it in there. How John was asking San Gian Connet to wipe out the jail while Robert was trying to put him in jail. Yeah. He had to live with those two things. Right. That's why he got killed. Because the mob don't the mob will give you favors. No way. They have to wipe out your overrises. They're going on. I don't know. They put it on. I saw twice already. I don't know. I'm going to put it on. I pray that they would put it on every night. They would put it on every night. But every thing, including chap of Quidditch, while Kennedy rolled his car in the thing and killed that woman. Oh, everything. I mean, they had to all things. Yeah, but don't you believe he kept diving down for the bomb. No. Come on. He did. He was having a sleep with that woman. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He was having a sleep with that woman. Yeah. Yeah. He was having a sleep with that woman. Yeah. Yeah. And the Monday that followed was that he was going to hold a press conference and both the whistle on the Kennedy's. That's right. And he was doing the right thing. Yeah. And she died that week. How about that? And nobody knows how. And how come the ambulance, by the way, came and picked up the body and then went about a Demiler, two to the hospital, and turned around and went back and brought the body back. Anybody ever figured that one out yet? No. I'm pleased. Where you only came from? These people, Joe made his money. And we're going to order like that again. Okay. Listen, pal. Have a great day. God bless PBS. Okay. Part two tonight. Oh, it is. All right. Yes. Well, I'm just about to watch in all the time green shows. Like I said, you got to watch a lot of crap. A lot of stupid silly stuff. And all of a sudden you come on something really great with time green, you know. Like the old man. Look at your old man. Why don't you want? Or like. Yeah. Humplic. You can just go to five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. The only AT&T wireless line. Here's the mobile and Miami Springs. Hello. Morning there, deal. Yes, sir. Yeah. That's happening to the TV dial here a couple of hours ago. And I happened to land on the Fox News channel. And what did they have on? But they talk about how when in times of tragedy, people turn to the television. And how they're, you know, it makes them feel better. They're so much, they're making feel a part of the event. You know, closer. Yeah. And you know, they're talking about all this about how can you have closure when they keep dragging it on for ever and ever. How can you have closure? Yeah, right. Exactly. And here's the course news talk about JFK and Bobby and all that. And what they ended up with was, it said, well, the symbol for what happened at that time in Dallas. You know, the little kid who gave the food to his dad. And now we're doing this now for him, you know. And this is as this to judge the by all, you know, all the, you know, No crap that even put on TV, you know. I don't understand what, well, what did the American public have to do with what happened in Dallas? Were we responsible for that? I know. You know, I mean, I'm kind of a guilt trip where supposed to carry around because the mob and whoever else was involved as assassinated as a president, we're supposed to feel guilty about it. Yeah, right. But, you know, I'll tell you, I mean, your cake in a full candy situation right on the mark. I'll tell you. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Just like now, the godfather is one of my old time favorite movies right after network. But one of the problems with it was that it glamorized the mafia glam, made these people individuals, made them heroes that made them more real, which they are human beings, but nevertheless, their growth test can ruthless. Although, frankly, we sure like a lot of things they give us. But nevertheless, but that was one of the problems with the whole thing is that glamorized people who were this kind of A.C. so many similarities there between the mafia and the Kennedy's. Not that there's really that much of a difference because they were hand in hand, glove and glove and glove. Catholic church, not few families, all big contributors to the church, all the marriages, all the, the, almost had brist, all the, whatever they call it, whether it baptisms, all the sermon. Confirmations, you all as, uh, how's a ride? And then when they croak, oh yeah, they have a big ceremony in the church and everybody shows up in that, but I mean, but I'm, yeah, because they're contributing big bucks. They don't give it, they're not choosing about where they're going to take the money from. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T, what else line? Here's a mobile and tempered pine, Tala. Hey, you'll want to get in your negative as always. Most of them are hanging on your Xenwater and that is a race to everything that goes on. That's really awesome. I'll thank you for listening to the Ngaradrishe on 560 W2QA. Because you said once again, so obviously we're very regular listener and I appreciate it more than I can begin to tell you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT, what's all this JFK junior down in a plane crash after doing everything America stands for? What does that got to do with it? Absolutely positively zero, nothing, zippity doga. What I'm saying is exactly what needs to be said. It's a great lesson for all people out there where you still got a brain and still living and breathing is don't get sucked into the hype and don't glamorize what? Don't police the ice. Yeah, right. And don't put all these phoning balloony people up on a pedestal and look a little beneath the surface and find out what it's really all about and maybe you won't be so psychotic about it. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's plantation, hello. Hello, no. Yes sir. Okay, you just made a comment on something I was calling about. When I used to do California, I was very good friends with family. We were very, we went to Wyoming. And they had a tragedy. I was watching the news and media said that always through a soul of sorrow for the came family. If you do, you stop showing an air in it. If they really have any sensitivity towards a loss of someone who was very respected at the time of this month of the American, we want to stop seeing this reservation by the media. So I don't want to say you absolutely right, may just stop it. Okay, thanks. You know, cut the crap already, okay? You're a tragedy. You're feeling a tragedy. Your sorrow is duly noted. Now let's move on with life. I think that's what most rational people feel. Enough is enough already. But of course it's the middle of a long hot summer and there's not much going on. So let's exploit this for all we can because that's what the media has become. They're all the goddamn national and choir. You've got me all wrong. I'm done with cooking for the future. Do you like girls at all? Do you want to be in the wrong sense and you're right away? If they face you from the front, I'm right away. If you wait and they wait and you're in the wrong sense and you're right away. Oh, no! In time, I'm done with life. Oh, no! Oh, no! Here! Hey, make it tell me why you're still a circumceptive lady. Can you believe me? How sad the further we're gone, that went when you came. There's no problem this time. This girl doesn't have to say. I made her be out of the wrong sense and you're right away. I'm done with life. I'm done with life. Oh! You're right in the wrong sense and you're right away. Oh, no! Oh, no! I'm in the wrong sense and you're right away. I'm in the wrong sense and you're right away. Oh, no! What does that mean, sir? He supported them? He helped them in the election. You know, I'll see what you're trying to say is they used him. He allowed himself to be used and then they were through with him and it wasn't a savory, a safe to be associated with him. They cut him off like a piece of dead wood. I mean, what about the... I have a great day. Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood, hello. And now every time I see a movie like Network which is also one of my favorites, I think that Patty Trayowski was a... He saw the future better than else to drama, so... And how come by the way when he died, how come nobody made a big deal about that? Exactly. Exactly. He was the very immediate that he was exposing for being a bunch of grave robbers. They resented and that's why. That's right. And I think America has become part of the reason that we've become into going into this glitch. And all this because Charles and TV, like Dynasty and so... You know, these guys are right around everybody's living in a million dollar mansion, driving fast cars. And America's just nothing and what am I doing wrong? You know, Hawk, I'm living like the Lekish Leper. Yeah. And I really believe that years and years of this kind of indoctrination, and most people are out there going, Jesus, I've missed the boat. So that's how I believe why we... But what I keep trying to explain to these people is that most of the people that have got the big mansions and a big money, which you'll also want to show as you're talking about, that they're all psychotic. They're all nuts. They're drug addicts and they're losers and they're running, they're supporting every shrinking town. They're what's the big deal with that? That's right. I got a friend of mine up in Ohio that inherited 52 million dollars about five, six years ago. And it got to get to every morning. The first thing he does is take a couple of volumes just to make it through the day. Just to go leave the water down. That's totally whack. That's totally whack, Tom. Yeah. So God bless us. And back to you. Have a great day. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. What do you think they did on Burton approved? The search for JFK's missing plane. I thought they found a big piece of the yesterday and they find a big piece. I thought, didn't they? I didn't hear about that. I'm not. Of course I'm going to ignore it. I have two. So I stopped watching after that point in quite frankly, I really don't want to know. But I thought they found a big chunk and they got to find the whole thing. Is that what it's all about? And some body parts too, they pray. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and key west, Tilo. Mobile and key west. Hello, right, Tom. Yes, sir. Hey, a couple of points. You were saying about Joe's and Kennedy. There's a book called Double Cross written by Jean Connath. You don't believe it is. Right. And he said in that that. There was a hit on Joe's and Kennedy. What's said this life, he said he could deliver the next president to the mob. Right, I read the book. Yeah. The other thing you were earlier on today, you was talking about Michael Richie in the Godfather movie. Right. That was his nephew. That was Connie and Carlo Riffy's son. He was the Godfather 10. The kid's name was Michael Richie. Oh, I see. Okay. Alright, easy. Alright. Okay, thanks. Yeah. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless Live. We got two or three other open lines for you between now and two. And go over. He's going to be along to tell you about the greatest sportscaster all the time. Kurt Gaudy had two o'clock today. He wasn't serious when he said that was he was just joking. Come on, please tell me. No. Even better than Joe's a gacking. Huh. Here's a poppin'o. Hello. You got it. Yes, sir. Um, it's pretty hard on John Jr. I thought you were a big fan of his food. Yeah. Anyway, my wife's sweet. Hi, my wife's from New York. And she's seen him in the park walking with Darrell Han and all this. And so she's all walking with Darrell Han and all. Yeah. Oh, my God. Oh, my impressed. Exactly. But, uh, Jesus Christ walking with a mermaid. Exactly. He's all's like, well, you know, Darrell Han, I was like to the same. But, uh, yeah. Yeah. You know, forget about it. This is, I don't know. Who's supposed to hold us. The New York City's all upset about all this stuff. And I just don't see it. It's just like the latest feeding friends you in the part of the media. First there was OJ and then, you know, it's what's it going to be this week? Well, I don't think that all 10 million people in New York are been out of shape about it. I think that the ones that are all broken up are that northeast liberal establishment in New York and Boston, you know, which, um, I'm not one of those anti-liberals. I'm on the last of the liberals, at least in some ways. But, uh, those people live in Lala land. They're like separate from the real world. Exactly. We love you for it. Keep up the F.A. Okay. Thanks. We're going to be in the next 705, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T. Wattleslaw. Looks like Jordan Knights coulda make you come back on the show today. It's good enough for TRL and MTV. It's good enough for the New York Rogers show. What do I always say? Because these people got their tongue tied. When they should be screaming, when they should be screaming, bloody murder. About something, anything. But they're not. Hey, we got canned stored on the panthers. Anybody impressed by that? No. Hey, listen, it's something. And then, LeBaston says, hey, listen, we're only going to give you 30 or 40 more chances. You guys up there in upper level management. You're all getting 70 or 80 more chances. And if you guys don't have a decent season this year, we're going to stop going and you guys are out after another 200 or 300 years. What do you say? I'm excited. Ow! All right, let's do this. I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm excited. You must not trust me, what the thing? Well, let alone my captain and the win. Oh, hey, this was for Kittie Giddie, like I said in the world. I got a lot of energy, and my time doesn't matter. I'm excited. And I'm just kidding that my personal is talking man. Well, let alone my captain and the win. Oh, hey, this was for Kittie Giddie, like I said in the world. But now I'm all wrong by the time. What's your coolest future? I never want the Kittie to have that pretty ass, because he depends on the weather. Then ever was a pussy that would quite come down in her. Pretty ass, a picture of his own and so different. Well, well, well, well, my captain and the win. Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I can't believe that. If you have a pussy that you wouldn't try out better. Nevertheless, her wanderer or she might fall in a well. Well, well, well, well, my captain and the win. Oh, first pussy for Kittie Giddie, my captain and the win. Well, well, well, well, well, well. 14 at 5. 60 WCM for those of you who are not emotional cripples. Part two of the PBS thing on a Kennedy's is on a 10 o'clock tonight. Am I correct about that on channel two in Palm Beach, it's 29. I wonder if they still carry it. Is it 29? I think. But anyway, it's 1-800. If you want to order the video tape of the entire thing, 1-800-3-2-8-7271. They have the full thing called the American experience, the Kennedy's. Is that it? 1-800-3-2-8-7271, which I am going to order it because I didn't see the first part like that. Well, I, this is not new. This is something I've seen before. But certainly, at this particular time, desperately needs to be seen again in the game to put life back in with proper perspective and cut all this bull crap. 5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T line. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, ma'am. You're a fabulous iconoclass. And I wish more of your listeners understood that. Do they know what that mean? No. I mean, you knock icons and that's what, I mean, you're great at that because when you eat that. Well, I don't like that word. That's a silly thing. Really? A iconoclass. Well, anyway. I hate that word. Well, okay. It just means I don't go along with a crowd that I'm not a bull crap artist, like most of the people who live my life through other people's fantasies. What's the point? Right, really. But you're right. And you pointed out something that the news came to the ignoring. And that is, is that his wife insisted that he take that flight. And there's so quick to blend the paparazzi for Princess Dice. Yeah, how come they're not playing in her? That's right. Very good point. Why is that? Well, because she was his wife, so therefore she was a Kennedy. Oh. Don't you understand? Oh, so they're not going to, I don't want to tell them. For the same reason, for the same reason, we don't hear too much about the fact he plugged a barge in twice. That was only mentioned very briefly in passing in Hushed Thones. Well, I feel sorry for him because, you know, he was a nice average guy. And he got him pecked apparently by his wife and back in the flight. And it seems like the, of a three of them on board who died, the sister-in-law was the one who was made the most contribute to society. And we never hear about what she did. I don't have any idea what she did do. What does she do? She did. She did. She did. She did. She did. She did. She did. She did. She did. She did. She did. She did. She did. She did. She did. She did. Five, six, seven, five, six. They pound five, six. They're on the AT&T wireless lines. She didn't have the blood blown through the veins or through her. Whatever. You got it? Oh, she did. Here's an avantura. Hello. And hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I haven't been able to listen for a couple of days. I don't know if you mentioned the guy, the balloon tick was pointing his gun at the cops, and then they made a whole big thing. Yeah, that's all that this morning, yeah. Did you, did you have any opinion on that? I don't know anything. Well, well, what I was going to say. I don't jump to opinions because I see 30 seconds of footage on the TV news. Oh, what I was going to say was, okay, my brother's a cop, right? Yeah. And if I know that I know cop mentality anyway regardless, it's up and matter, black. If you're pointing a gun, they let that guy go way too long. He's been there pointing, flailing a gun, that can for you. Yeah, and they have it on video tape, right? Hey, come down. But you gotta understand in America every time a black guy gets shot, even if he's pointing a gun and waving it around a threatening people, right away, the cries of racism come out and they'll get a big song to think. And the end of the AC people get involved in it. And Jesse will be down here in a couple of days in Donaco's. I know what you're saying. And Neil, you're on closing? Yes, sir. The only difference between JFK, Junior and Akubin, is that? Okay, 560, 560, POM560 on the AT&T, where the slime here's Northwaterdale. Hello. John, John, please, with the fish. Okay, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Sir, is about Jordan 9. I can see he's going to make a real comeback here real soon. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I just want to make a couple of comments, Neil. You know, one, of course it's a pleasure to guide that. But the point is, the elaborate, this curse of the Kennedy, they've lost five or six people in 40 years. There's families that lose entire families in one day. Well, I like that mother that kept killing all of her babies, you know, seven or eight. And the other thing is, I was a pilot for years. And one of the big problems with these people, people that are very wealthy, is that they get involved in a hobby or a sport. And what they do, because they have the money to do it, they start exceeding their ability. This guy, we're very limited experience, buys a fairly complex airplane. And then goes out, we're very little experience at night. And of course, he's going to spin in. Thurmond Munson, the teacher for the Yankees. And he's going to go. He went up and he's flying a jet because he could afford one. But he wasn't his capacity wasn't equal to the test. And he ended up doing their same thing. Yeah. And so for people with that kind of money and so forth, you seem like a nice guy. But the tendency is to go beyond your means, as far as your abilities and so forth. Right. That's what happened. But ever not only he knew his abilities were limited because he insisted that he didn't want to make the trip. And he certainly didn't want to have to land twice in the same night. And he got talked into it. Well, that's it. And once you get out over the water at night and you start losing references, if you don't have the training to go immediately to those gauges, you're going to end up making the mistake. And once you make the first mistake, you're certainly not going to recover from that one. And it's only found itself. But I'm also very tired with this country has this obsession with this family. And I'm sure that if you went down in the airplane or I did, I don't think there's going to be a 30 billion dollar search. No, that's right. That's right. This point, what's the point? He's good. You know. So anyway, thank you. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. But the media still can the milk some more good stuff out of this. Don't you understand? They got a milk and parole and you got these 24 hour news channels. And every time something's sensational happened like this, or they perceive the be sensational, they just go crazy. They go ballistic. This is what they live for. This is what they wait for. One call left in a board. We're waiting. Okay. I don't think we're going to have much luck today between now and two o'clock. It's going to be a. Jordan night first festival. I can smell it already. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Anyhow you doing. Okay. Listen. I'm sitting or watching you. Every time I turn a channel, I'll tell them last night. I don't want them, but yeah, Rick Sances. And that guy just makes me sick. Oh, brother. They're kind of, he looks at you. He's about the cry. I was going to give him a hand in the water. Get him to go out there. I think they really made this. I don't ordinarily watch them. I was channel surfing last night to see what the local stations were doing. It was a third. It was a third. It was a third. It was a third. It was a third. It was a third. It was a third. It was a third. It was a third. It was a third. It was a third. It was a third. It was a third. I want to find out what what's family curse? I mean, you know, if I'll plain land out him, okay. But, you know, you walk on to the rain and a thunderstorm. He has struck by lightning. That's not a curse, you know. You're an action port. The more on get drunk and, you know, it's rising to river and salt somebody. That's not a curse. A world of work too. Pile goes on and get shot over the, you know, the greatest channel. That's not a curse. I mean, you know, you do things then there's no curse involved. It's just things that happen. You expose yourself to a certain danger. And it happens. Well, you know, there's no curse involved in the story. And you know, I'm a part of a pilot myself and I have a little amount of hours. I would never, I don't even like to go out at night. Yeah. But the bad thing about this is now how long before, you know, somebody says, well, what's sort of investigating that, you know, the, the, what it takes to become a pilot and let's raise a standard and now finally somebody's famous got killed well. And then after that, the FAs and a path to legislation is to make it harder or not. And eventually, somebody wants to do the plain manufacturers, you know, I want to come in. But I know, I know the can be the money real bad. Okay, Paul, have you paid me? Okay, one call on a board 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Well, I'll tell you one thing. It's a 20th. That means a 25 to only five days away. That's what that. Well, that's what keeps me coming in. Just thinking about those two dates, the tenth and the 25th every month. Because the sea, to go through this experience day after day after day of my life, to be considered here and to be the one out of a handful of people in this entire country, who says anything that makes any sense, and isn't just another voice, another periquete repeating the same old-tired crap. And begging and pleading and controlling and squeezing out of this death nail, out of this sum pump of the universe that we're in, out of this swamp land. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Yeah, sir. How you doing? Okay. That's the first time listening to a first time caller. And that caller made a good point about famous people that sent all the money to find them. And that was your immediate, they would have called the search office, second day. If anybody from a non-prominent family, the search they have over real fast. Well, they have a decent, immediate need that to keep a go and they should have to pay all their profits to the, to pay for the search. Yeah, sure. And they can keep a go on on the TV. Hold your breath. Anyway, Neil, I listen to you all the time. I don't get a chance to call her off the button, man. You sure didn't make my day go by fast. Thanks a lot. Have a good one. See ya. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line. The La Tharjic South Floridians boy, because the Cubans aren't involved in this. Yet, that's why we're not getting the counter-response. We need more Cuban blockades in the street, either. It's good for talk shows. I'll tell you that. Get to everybody who's been a little more frenzy. By the way, the election is a week from two days, nine days away, week from the Thursday, twenty-nine. That word keeps going through my mind over and over again. They try to pet a bill of good. Yeah. They had a thing on the bird road, toll blue plazin out the new one. And the people at traffic has to go through where the old one was. And they're doing everything in their power to piss on you, motor or soft and date county to try to brainwash you. And suck you into getting a yes vote next Thursday. Don't get sucked in, okay? Don't buy it. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Oh, my, a nail. Yes, sir. Okay, you heard it first here. It is a Cuban connection. Cuban ran wild in this, I think. What do you think? It's all done. What? And this crash. Meaning what? I killed this thing. Okay, huh? 5605 said not that this, but okay, pal, I need some jackass like you. W to Q, I, N. Hey, what is your website address? Newarorge.com. Thank you. You're welcome. Okay, well, you were on the hallway parking around. So I had a, you know, grab it. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. As we continue searching for the guy that need to turn all truths of the human race. And the one being, uh, just indeniable. That the overwhelming majority of people, believe they have no lives. You know, it's amazing to me. People are got like families, kids, grandkids, dogs, cats, peri-keets, a cockatoo, whatever they got. And they still think they have no life. So they have to become obsessed and immersed in all this other bullcraft and all this other synthetic, make believe horse ball. At least lunches here. Thank God for something good. 26 past noon, if 560W QA, and it's time to like this when I wish we could smoke it as room and I could sit back and by the way, whatever happened to our buddy Nick. Speaking of which, speaking of which one? Look what I'm smoking now and have been. Garcher Vegas, crappy dime story cigars because I didn't wish we could get the record of the record because John penis once again falls down on a job. Jesus Christ here, a bunch of high priced talent like us here. And we're smoking cigar store crap. Here I'm fackin'. One country and there's even a smegma. Severita, the rioters. They can all be a driven into the harmful effect of smoking cigarettes. Hello, I'm William Calvin. Perhaps we'll remember that he has Hamilton burgers. Painted birds at Mr. Leon's Perry Nation. And now I'm dead. So take it from me. Get the habit and you won't wind up like I do. Don't smoke and you'll never die. And ever. This message is paid for by the militant anti smoking community for the more jealousy. Hey, anybody down the light. Prof. D. 1 at 560 WQM. There's nothing like Hamilton burger. The only thing almost that good is this great lunch from Tony's today. Are we good buddy Brad? Thanks a lot Brad. I'll see you on the turnpike. Not. Got a little turning in sausage with cheese, onions, a little bit of a sauce here, which is good for your prostate. Even you women out there. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless blind. As we continue, I try to shoot fish and a goddamn gigantic enormous vacuum. It's one thing shooting fish in a barrel here. It's like it's hopeless. But sticking a goddamn throwing your hook out in the middle of a desert. Here's a mobile and Western. Hello. Hey, Neil, are you? Okay, sir. I mean, suffer from hemloids for about two years. I'm calling to find out I heard it took care of yours. What did you do? I listen to Joseph Gackie for five minutes. They dried up immediately. 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a lot of day up by the sea. Hello. Hey, Neil. I was a little proud of you this morning, but I heard someone say that when these right wing spin doctors was already choosing to reclitment of the sabotage to bring down the plane. Yes, sir. Because there she has John John might possibly be in a corner in the center of race. I wasn't going to be. No, but I mean, you know, that's what they're doing. Well, when you deal with crazy, people that's kind of stuff they come up with. We have, well, I've got this new, uh, Comcast, uh, digital 180 stations. So I've been able to avoid most of this, uh, press coverage. And this for you, great. I was, there's one that movie I haven't seen, uh, as busy gets with Jack Nicholson. I don't know if you're saw that. No. I mean, it's not great, but it's pretty good. You might like it. Okay, it's better not watching Fox News Network. Okay. Okay. Thanks. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. See, in a normal place, like in a real living and breathing place. Even the thing I was talking about, Hanksey and the group gotty was the greatest, which I realize we're not talking about that today, but nevertheless, just that comment. Just that throw away. There would have been 500 people wanted to call up with an opinion on that. But here it's like, you know, whatever it is, that's it. Not just what's hard, you can find creeping death. You can smell it. You can feel it. Stick your finger out the window. That's slimy ooze. It's not what you think. It's the ooze of death. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. We're certainly in the dog bees of summer down here. Jesus Christ is this a place. The home I'm doing here. Listen, Sunday night. I've been out of town. You guys voice of the voice of reason in the Everglades. Sunday night when I got back, I was watching a little bit of the coverage about the activity tragedy. About 930 that night, they cut some press conference where they basically changed the mission from a rescue to a recovery. And when they cut back to a channel 7 Rick Sanchez, you could just tell he was so excited that he was finally going to, what he was about to say. And he said that it's official at this point. We have to presume that John F. Kennedy Jr is is that. And the glee and the excitement. I mean, he was just deciding to decide himself. And it wasn't, but maybe three minutes after that comment that they had an obituary. Tribute already lined up that they aired. And you know, it's just unbelievable. The media here compared to the rest of the country. What do you mean compared to the rest of the country? Right. The country is in a feeding frenzy on this. That's all they're talking about. And every guy then that work on every news network. That's all they're talking about. I'm like, I just board channels haven't gotten into it. Yeah, I don't mean it. I don't mean it. I mean, it's like that. It's just sensationalism of that channel. The way that. Well, I mean, there's that's just for crazy people. Love channel 7. Amen. You have a great day. 560505060, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Oakland Park. Hello. Yes, sir. I like to change the subject from an FMA. He's going ahead. It was a day count in courthouse on the Saturday night. Or earlier Saturday night. Paying off traffic. And I was looking through some of the documents. And I noticed a WIOD versus rich tender of the United. Yeah. 560505060, now old board and stay or you are giving an idea. Any other. Exactly. Here's uh, Jensen Beach. Jensen Beach, yes, sir. Oh, yes. Okay. I want to talk to you about a couple of issues. If you don't mind, who are these people that the panters just signed? You know who this is? This is that jackass. As soon as I heard the voice, I knew who it was. Trying to call in Jensen Beach today, instead of hero, whatever usually says, I'm going to go to the police station. So, for all of you, she's going to be a very interesting, very interesting, loosely. Get a freaking life, okay? You see, I just thrown in the towel for the rest of the day. I throw it in because I give up. That's what I got is the bridge tender guy. And this jackass that we saw we got rid of a long time ago. Andy's boyfriend up there in forcing Lucy. If that's the best we've got left and we might as well turn to the guy. Damn, you're a knight, you know. If I wanted to be, you need this credit. This is the best we can do. The pants in, he can't dance, he floats like a butterfly but boy, he's good. He was on the TRL, he was on the TRL, he hit him under the countdown yesterday at MTV. What's the guy's name? What's the host name on that show on the TRL? Anybody know? Not that it makes any difference. But it was obvious. He was dressed like a shlumper, he looked like he just came in out of a dumpster. And they gave him a real quick hello and good bye and get out of here and go put some real clothes on. And maybe you don't even think about coming back. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, on the AT&T line. If we can do better than bridge-tendered junior and Greg from Boeton Beach by way of, you know, it's amazing this time. You got Harvey from Kendall who then was in Miami Beach and I was in West Palm Beach. But still I see right in the stupid letters to the editor and every now and then hear that whiny, Horrid is voice on a year. Greg from Boeton Beach who is now Greg from Port St. Lucy who was Greg from Gentson Beach and still a matter where he's from. He's an asshole. Right. God. Like I said, there's nothing basically wrong with this area. We just need a people transplant. That's all we need. I mean we can stand a humidity in the heat for a couple of months here. Big deal, at least we don't have the snow in the sleep and the ice in the other crats. Could be paradise. We just need a people transplant. I'll give it a list. Five thank God he can have no Bob Tyves. It was involved in a Kennedy stuff. Thank God there is one great American who can all admire right. Five six seven oh five sixty. Palm five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in the Viro B. Chillin. Hey Neil. Yes sir. The media is sick and he tells. Yeah. If you would have kept that guy from Port St. Lucy in the phone a little longer to the light and he's going to drop the traveling software right now. Well I only wish. Tell me what you have. We can't give you that advantage. You know that you can come to Mount Mount over for you. Okay. Hey. Wouldn't it to imagine what it's the scene is going to be like the first Gattico's down to playing. What if you know he was doing something with the sister and I got to a big catfight or something like that. Mm-hmm. Or do I do something with the sister on that small plane? Well no. Like they found out. You know. You know what I'm saying? Or maybe she they were doing it in a little more. Or maybe the right location. Right. You know. I'm just thinking about the things to think about. Okay. Keep thinking long and hard man. 5. 5. 6. We have a very large segment of the American public. That's you know they live in a cocoon. They're in denial. Oh we don't want to hear this. We can't stand it. We want to be permitted our fantasies. We want to indulge ourselves in bull crap. Even though the reality is nothing related to what we believe. Fine. Go hide under a rock somewhere. Please and don't watch that thing on PBS and I've got for a bit because you're too much of an emotional cripple to deal with the truth. Here's a lady mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Yes man. Oh which I'm not on a mobile. Here's a lady in Miami Beach. Not on a mobile. How are you? Okay. Happy Tuesday. And back to you. Thank you. I'm glad we got to that was waiting for this to affect me and it did. Yesterday was caught in a little mini traffic jam out in front of your old horns where they put up this nasty bust of Jonathan Kennedy was like somebody sat on his head and flattened him. And there were bouquets of flowers there how just joined to the stats. But the news truck, the amount of news trucks that were piled up around this. Univision tell a Monday channel seven. There was some international wargazs. I think yours are the stats. You were the flowers on it. Absolutely. And about to say, you know, just in time, it's clockish unbelievable unbelievable. And I said to my husband, I heard after the time was an hour late, they called the FAA. Where they get that number would they take my call that quickly. No. And by the way, they're searching the bottom of the ocean floor now for the bodies. You know, for more for more wreckage. I was just seeing him wandering aimlessly in a circle somewhere with that news. You know, like they made it out and he finds out you've been dead all this time. And all this has gone on and what would the media do with they have to backpattle? You know, we found him. He doesn't know who he is. That would be pretty funny. It's not going to happen, but you know. Okay. Yeah. What work can I tell you? Have a great day. Thanks, you too. Fine. What did you say? 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line, Kirk County, Greatest Sports and Outzer of all time. Come on. Let's hear it. And this morning, I'm coming to work in an moment of between change and CDs in my CD player. I hear the talking to one of the Broward Commissioners about John Robbskermi think about building a new stadium. About the see, I told you they're going to pull this all off. They're going to shove it down the throw to the public. See, I hate to break the news to you when they build a facility of any kind. The idea, it's one thing that's bad enough that they soak you an arm and like to go and watch the ball games themselves, whatever the sporting events are or the concerts or whatever else. But the idea that everybody in the community has to pay for it, even though they're never going to use it. And it's a private business. It's not a community thing. I heard Hank Sanette several times and he's right. Baseball team isn't the community thing. It's a private business. That's what we've been hearing about the last two, three years all the whining about all the money that they've been losing. It's business. Private business. So why the hell should people who don't have any interest in it, which is the majority of the public. Why the hell should they subsidize it? More toys for rich people. But that's not all about. And John Rodstrom's honor to swung well, but it'd be, but it would be bad if the Marlins left and you ought to, all the other crap. You watched, they'll suck these guys into it. Just like Wayne did with that arena. All of the Hanky Pekki was pulling all the Panthers are leaving and they're going to portland and they're going here and they're going there. Not that he would ever lie to us. You don't understand that because there's one guy that we at least we can trust. And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down. If Brewer County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility, I will not play here. Right. Because I will not have you guys. Look at that me for the next 10 years saying, here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. Thank God for you Wayne. Somebody that we can trust somebody that looks as right in the eyes. It lies through his bald head of teeth. 560, 560, Pong, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's the mobile and west palm. Hello. Hey, good morning. Mr. Fisher. Okay. Judging by the other call before they have already established my call based against the sucks. I'm all 40 foot in your night back on. Yeah. Yeah. That's not like good plan because you know, fairly all the colors stuck today. So you're nice, good plan. Okay. Here's a mobile and Pemberg Pine. Hello. I'm a meal. How you doing? Okay, sir. I'm like you. I could personally care less about the American tragedy. But I didn't hear half of your show yesterday and I don't know if anybody informed you. About the Peter Jennings interview that ended up being a Howard Stern. Yeah. I read about it. It's the same old tired crap. I'm just nauseated with it. I thought it was 40 foot. Actually. But you know, something I don't think it's funny. Okay, pal. I'm sick and tired of assholes like Howard and his sucklings there who have to no matter what it is, no matter what they're at is whether it's the kids that got shot in a little to Colorado or what something dying in a plane crash. Give it a few minutes. Okay. Before you make it into a big joke like we did. Even with this thing as overblown as it was, you know, Howard really needs the publicity right? Yeah. And again, it's part of that hype machine and you got simple things like this guy who would say, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Funny. Yeah, Peter Jennings puts on a call thinking it's somebody from the Coast Guard, hey, you know, Peter Howard. So Howard's third thing she would dick. And Peter Jennings having the great sense of humor that he's got of course handled it like that. You know, kind of like eh. that. Grow up already okay pal get a freaking life. 560 5050 5060 pound 560 on the AT and T. One hour blackies could come and drop 45 pounds of human extra man on your doorstep and you'd be going. That's funny. Here's a mobile in Parkland. Hello. Man you were just going to mention this thing a passing this morning. This Kennedy thing. Who said that? You did this morning. No I did not. I said I thought that yesterday. I said I thought we were all dumb by the end of yesterday. Right. Anyhow you're done. I'm waiting for some other stuff to these people want to talk about. Yeah. Well I want to talk about your new TV to work out for you. It's okay. It's okay. Don't worry. It's not the XBR. It's okay. It's all depends on what you had before. I'm going to say it again. It's not as good as the Sony XBR and it never will be. Okay. Hey. What do you know about this network? What do I know about it? Yeah. The is hot up is direct TV right now. What do you mean by hot up what does that mean? Well direct TV is supposed to have these sports packages in this and that. They do. Direct TV is the best. All right. You want to go with direct TV. Call them immediately. Okay. Let's go to Carl Springs. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. Let's go to Carl Springs. Yes sir. Your favorite mayor who should be in jail was on the Paul and Ronsho and they were majorly So. I already had a spy report. Yeah. There were sucking his name. Oh my. And then he had the guy on the channel 10. It was trying to. Michael Pudney. Yeah. He was just. That was terrible. I almost threw the TV out of radio up through the window. And then go back. Well, you know, it's obvious that the mayor picks and chooses very carefully going out with a real political hell. Like Paul Castro Nova. And your buddy came on the guy from Kendall and he says name. He says. And first thing mayor Pinal said was, oh, I can't speak to him on the radio or TV or anything because he's in one of the nation and Paul goes, oh, we got to get rid of them. See. So it was. It was. I'm for red. They should put somebody on there. They're really knows what they're talking about to expose what a shame. Oh, again, this is. That's called the next call they had. We had six calls on today that anybody can speak to mine. Off six people were sucking up to them off. So then we had one side of the view. Wonder how that happened. And I. Maybe they had Chris more their screen in the calls. Have a great day. Yeah. Okay. 600 open lines. This audience is a lot of the guy to call me for from Palm Beach. He's right. Jordan night is the plan. Oh, tell what you're doing here. What's on it? What's on your day? It's a lot of two hours. Oh, yeah. I'm sitting here reading your facts. So I've had it with the hockey coverage in this town. I'm disgusted by your comment. What is this a bond? Who is this written to? Panther NHL com. Hope you read this in your comments. I'll tell you what's in the here. Oh, yeah. So what's wrong with this column in a here. All today Brian. Who says thanks for the tickets last season. Dan LaBass did finally had a column where he makes them sense. You only problem is they write the same column every year. And they say if they don't get the job that I make to play off. Then they're going to get fired and they never do. And Robby need more. This must be the breakout year for Robbie, right? Is this going to be there? I break out year? No. What's the point? Okay. You're dealing with the topic that nobody here knows anything about. So they can write anything they want. By the way, you'll be very excited to know those of you who keep track of our real students of this program. We received on our facts machine this morning at nine. Oh, this came in yesterday about 3 p.m. But I received at nine. Whatever I came in. And it says, dear sir or madam, this is to account's payable. WKIS. This is the second pass. Do notice I have sent you with tempting to collect the proceeds. I'm invoice number so and so in the amount of $75. Our services were used April 16 to 18, 1999. Please remain. I'm taking you in advance for your assistance in this matter. Best regards. Henry Clay and Balmour New Jersey. Never he did something in fully for some kind of a string rub there. I'm under the ballgings. 75 bucks. They vote on for 90 days. And his poor bastard is still sending more invoices. Okay. Oh, Jesus, you haven't done that. Should I? Wow, I'm waiting for the next one. You know the 120 day one. 560505060, Pont 560, on a mobile one line. Here's a lady mobile and Delray Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I have to agree with what you were saying about building the stadium and putting it up on the people and community and the taxpayers and the communities. And along with Ryan at work last night, we had a debate about vouchers going to bring them to the children and being able to use them at private schools. Yeah. And someone told me that the private schools have to take them because their state subsidized. And I was a really impression that private schools weren't subsidized by the state or the federal government. Now it's wondering if you knew anything about that. What is it, George? They're not supposed to be, but now they are. Oh, why are they out now? That's part of the deal. Okay. This is the beginning of the end for public education. This is the book plan. This is the right wing plan to address the public education and leave it for the, you know, who? I mean, but also isn't our public schools reimbursed by the state and the federal government based on how many people they have? Yes. By attendance. Right. So that makes no sense to me how people, how these children all over, regardless of income level, are that's good. This is just a way around the, this is an end around so that they can subsidize perocule schools and they can help to put it into the public education system as we know it. That's all, that's what this is all about. Okay. Well, now I'm more discusses than I was last night. Well, you should be discussed. You should be discussed. That's all about. Okay. Thank you. No more boots. 560560, pon 560 on a mobile online, two calls on a board here today. We're having a, he did debate about the greatest sports cash rule of all time. We certainly was not Kurt Gowdy and I got two loves he calls on the board on the sports station. And a guy named Brian who I gave hockey tickets to last year, tell me about what a stupid article in that. Well, what's wrong with that article? He finally wrote something that made a little bit of sense. They got all their money locked up with Pavel Buri and now they're not going out and spending any money for any other real free agents. And I'm making a commitment to winning. And why the hell should they? If you were Wayne, let me ask you this. Why would you go a dig deep into your pocket and go out there and spend any more money than you had to when you already know that you're going to fill that you went up just about every night 41 times this season? Why the hell would you go out there and do it? And especially when 95% of the people are going to anyway don't know anything about hockey to begin with. It's a social club. That's all it is. So nice clean places to safe environment. People are having a good time. They're talking to each other on a cell phone. They're doing the waves. They're doing who got all those what they're doing. It's happening in a very boring place. And the proof is in the pudding that all those people show up. And while the game is going on, you listen to their conversation. Yeah, like that. They don't know what's going on. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Boy tomorrow, let's see July 21. Sounds like a good day to start another vacation. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. How are you? Okay, sir. What makes John Henry think the attendance is going to go up moving from West North Miami to downtown Lauderdale. He's just moving in care of what products we're going to watch out for. How do you get to downtown Fort Lauderdale? How do you get there? 95. Yeah. Is anybody alive on 95? No. So I don't see how you can justify moving the team. You take the panthers in the heat. You take them a bad area to a greater area. That's different. But you're not leading a bad area. What do you mean the heat? The heat are going from a bad area to a good area. They just move four blocks. What do you mean that down that heat? See, it's horrible. You don't think the location is bad. The neighborhood is terrible. That's what I just said. They moved four blocks. Well, it's not a residential area where they're moving to now. Is it from this game? No, it's it. But it's still part of a downtown Miami. It's a toilet. So you don't think the heat of the ventilator like the panthers did by moving? I'm afraid it's still a mistake. They moved four blocks away. How can you anywhere in America? How can you say that by moving your house and arena for four blocks that you're benefiting? I don't get it. Well, okay. And you'll think so. Okay. 56050, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and two per city. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? I just hit a brick wall. I'm sorry. Just about an hour ago, we ran into a brick wall and I don't think anything is going to save us. Well, I just hope that, you know, down the road when a national choir in the globe gets their hands on the JFK thing. We start making up stories that, you know, he got lost out there to see rolled it into the ocean and you stand at it. It can't even be tough. You know, we're, you know, he said he tried countless times to go down the river. Probably on the weekly world news. It'll be in there. Yeah. I'm sure. He was seen having a lunch at a diner with Elvis. Exactly. You know, John Denver, who knows? All right, buddy. Have a good day. Okay. Back to you. Another guy with no material. 560, 560, ponder. They have no material about anything this audience. This town is run dry. Maybe it's like being out in the middle of dry gulfs in the vada in the middle of the desert. That's what it is. Even Bill and Fort Myers, even his facts was a little bit of material. It was entertaining. Thank you, Bill and Fort Myers, who has no life. But at least admits it. God bless you. Forgive me. Something. These people are giving me something. It's a mental hemorrhage. That's what they're given me. 560, 560, ponder. 560, ponder. 1 line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. We're the radio up in a bag. Come on. Turned up a little louder. You can do it. Well, mail. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. My phone was cutting in and out. I didn't know if I had to put the radio on. Here we are. It's just the world. Well, you know, the lady that mentioned about the voucher thing was, I have two children in private school and I thought to being a tax payer that I was kind of a bit of my day County public school tax money would be coming back to me. And I'm going to give a voucher. No, no, no, no. I'd have to pull my kids out of the private school. Put them in the school in the neighborhood that's failing in order to get the voucher to then apply to get back into the private school. Right. And instead of failing, I told them. Fitting those schools that are failing and bringing them up to stuff. We do a stupid asking like that to like see if we can't bury them. Yeah, and I'll repeat a lot of them for being the good. I'm not going to get any money. We got really cold down the river on this one. Right. After all the motivation was probably wrong. We're not going to get what we thought we were going to get either. Yeah. Everybody got it all the way around. Same thing as the penny sales tax and the capital sales tax and the capital sales tax and the capital sales tax and the certain things. If you're going to go, you drive Corvette. You're going to go by $60,000 car. You're going to save what was when we did the math. If you're going to save 900 bucks or just by walking through the door and Broward County is supposed to buy on the day Broward line. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I think you're going to go by a washer dryer. You're going to drive up a flamingo road. You're going to go, I mean, you're going to buy a big $4,000. You need to go on the theater system. You're saving 80 bucks by buying it. Broward. Yeah. I don't know. I think you're stealing them. I'd rather pay the 50 cents on the toll. Just say no. There you go. Have a great day, Phil. Okay. Good luck to us. 5605. 560, Pomp 560 on the mobile 1 line. It's so one-of-way to QAN. Oh. I got to find another channel. What are they doing on MTV? I can't stand it. I just can't take another minute of it. It's just ridiculous. What are they doing? I'll pick up my line. I'll pick up what's in the channel. 331. What about the start? Do we actually have a channel? Let's go to any videos on it. Where are they hanging? Be safe? What's wrong with turning? Oh, Danny Boner-do's back. I'm ready to go back to the county thing. What happened a much? Oh, much is going on. Okay. Let's stick with much. They're having it. 560560, Pomp 560 on the mobile 1 line. I sure wish you. I wish I had to just take them to the day off and honor of this tragedy. I should have said I was at home morning. I'm so sorry for my phone. Up the butt. Alright. Here. I know that you keep on checking my diary. Yeah. I'm playing you with my belly. Yeah. I can't help my breath. I'm talking about my good teddy bear. It's coming to me. And there's the things in my ear. Oh, it's... And it's down the... Oh, it's... But it's your honor to be here. You know, there's things about me. I don't think you know. I'm on the way. I'm on the way. I have a who soon became a baby. You could't share that feeling with me. It was a joke for me. You learned a friend underneath. She was 25 but she's just a female. It was a key. I been my life after being hammed over coffee. Oh right. I got some perfecto. They cause I have to tell me. They're my girls. They're my names. And I bought some things running around. Right, com. Oh, I'm so nervous. You're okay. You should be scared of the truth. You're the new world in those red leaders of time. I know you're going to get up to them when I say this. We know that thing came across this morning. Came across so to speak on MTV with her. I saw that last night. They repeat as you know, stuff over and over again. And where she was dating that nerdy looking guy that I thought wasn't too bad, but turns out to have a big snows. But anyway, if you look not even all that close, they would look like they're starting to sag. Now when you're 17 years old and you just had implants, they're not supposed to be sagging. I'm either they're sagging or they're just growing so they're becoming unmanentable. Maybe she needs help managing them. Maybe she's holding them up. Maybe she has run away breast that are starting to become so elongated that there's, you know, she's going to need support. I mean, like, like, straps from above like, like, for our head. Yeah, the whole them up because they're going to be so whatever they are. But she can have a helping hand. I'm serious. I'm a little concerned for bringing about the time she's 20. They're going to be down to where needs. Here is Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? Do you think it's a little bit close minded of you to think that moving through blocks to where the American... Four blocks. Four blocks. You're not way improving your situation. No, I don't at all. I know the area like to pumble my hand. I know this town very well. Neil, and coconut grove, you said, where do you, where do you, where can you move three blocks in previous situation? Go back to the pants on a railroad tracks. I'm sorry. That depends on which side of the railroad tracks you're in like an holiday. But downtown Miami is that there are no railroad tracks. Well, and coconut grove, you move three blocks. You can't even forget it, but they're not building the arena in coconut grove. Well, where they're building the arena. There are very few places anywhere where you can move four blocks and it makes a big deal of difference. In addition to which even if you're one block east of the railroad tracks in a grove, you're still only one block away. Well, where they're putting that in. You want me to give you the best proof of the pudding. Let's take north day. Okay, where biscane countercuff can mold a coutelle about this. You know, there are no railroad tracks there either. But is that area deteriorated? Is the nature of the population in the area changed dramatically? Fewer and fewer people wanted to go there to biscane dog. They used to handle a million dollars in the afternoon and a million dollars in the night. They used to handle a fortune. They used to have thousands of thousands of people going there. And now what do they got? Nothing. They're out of business. Well, I personally think that they're improving the they're trying to make that like your next base side overlooking the water, you know, next. And how many people go to bay how many people do you know shop at bay side? I don't know anybody who goes to bay side. I have a feeling that they're going to be more going now because you can make it an activity thing that you can do. And where do you park? Well, that's another question. And how do you get there? We'll get there. Uh-huh. Okay. Have a good time. Have a good time. That's like saying, oh, I'm living in a bad neighborhood when I'm going to do is I'm going to have them come in and tear down my house and I'm going to build a new house a block away. And then I'll feel better. I'll then I'll feel safe. Like Michael said in the garfa, they are, we'll have a meeting where I can feel safe. 567, Louise in the Bronx. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. It's a little close minded to me. You're right. I'm not cool in there. Here's Sunnyland. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Each barber shop in Sunnyland the Monday morning, one barber to another. If it were you and me in that plane and it went down, they'd probably send out a bass boat, the guy with a cooler. Uh-huh. And maybe drop a fish finder. Come back in and just say, uh, those two, if I can say assholes, shouldn't have been in the middle of the house. Should not have been flying anyway. And just up there. They send round up. You'll out there with this pocket fisherman. That's it. Yeah. Have a great day. And back to you. I think you were meeting a dead horse with that one. Oh, I mean, that's obvious. The rich have, you know, one set of standards in a government respond in a certain way. And the rest of the public, it's, uh, two bad, you know, tough crap. We feel sorry for it. Not. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Pinecrash. Tell us. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Uh, did you happen to catch the mayor on the day to the 40? No, I did not, but I've had two calls about it. Thank you very much. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. We're making a feeble. I do mean feeble attempt. We got 40 minutes to go. Is there any chance in the hell that we're going to get there? It'll two o'clock. It's like being in the middle of the ocean. And, uh, you're, you finally swim. You see it like two miles away. There's the shore. There's like kind of like those two, but a couple of weeks ago. Just yards away. Are you ever going to get there? No. No. We can see two o'clock on a clock, but I don't think we're going to get there. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. First time long time, hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Question. Where do you get it? It's a desperate. The penny cell pack. Yeah. They had so many other radios, Warren, talking about that. Okay. Thank you. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to call you because I had to talk to you about what I saw last night. I'm in the scene. Yes. They had this chick reporter. What up in the plane with some flight instructor? And they tried to recreate probably what happened in the plane. And how it felt. They tried to recreate what happened in the plane. Are they still spinning or they hit water yet? Let me tell you how it was. I'm going to tell you how it was. I'm going to tell you how it was. I'm going to tell you how it was. The plane. Are they still spinning or they hit water yet? Let me tell you how it was. He goes into the sheet said that you can turn it, but you might not know exactly what's going on. They should go, oh yes, I can feel the disorientation right now. So they will happen with the loose consciousness. Oh, we'll know you have to be an expert player after you make this maneuver. And you do it. Unlike what's its purpose is for what is the purpose of this? The purpose is to continue milking somebody else's tragedy for all you can. And convincing the public that it's a big song to dance. And milking for ready. Don't understand these news networks MSNBC and even CNN and Fox News that were CNBC. They have marginal ratings. Yeah, most of the time. So they have to exploit when something that they consider to be sensational happens, whether it's the OJ trial, whether it's Princess Diana, gets killed. Anything like this, they have to exploit it for all its worth because that's the only time when they can attract an additional audience and by convincing them that this is a major important event. And they have to keep glued with the final what's going on. To be honest with you, I really don't have a problem with making it an important event. It's just the exploitation of this person's death and the link, the list that they do. They do that all the time. How many, how many times is MSNBC run specials already and also run a gene policy thing on time and again, about John Bernay Ramsey, talk about exploiting somebody's death. Do they have any new information? No. Do they solve it? Do they have anything worth while we're going to learn from watching that crap? No. But they're just exploiting it because that's what they need to do. They've had to let you know what I thought they're playing here. Well, don't do it again. All right. See, yeah. I'm convinced that what's his name, the Governor Glasses John, I can't I hate him. All right. I suddenly have a mental block. I can't believe I forgot his name now. Good. That's a good step in the right direction. One of the other one was leftovers from the OJ thing. The one that's on there with the yellow hair all day with the glasses. Oh my god. I'm just going to program that new TV. I'm just going to skip by MSNBC. They give me, they just give me psychotic. That man is a lunatic. Television for crazy people. People that are just obsessed. I mean, talk about obsessive behavior. What could be? I mean, okay, if Brittany was underneath it, having sex with a polar bear, then I might understand it. A lot of people would sit there and watch it as long as they would leave it on. Okay. Then I might understand it. But what more is there to be learned about this cockaryle, ready? Okay. John Gibson. I'm sorry. I just, that's not back, damn it. I wonder if he's really going to do Dr. John Gibson. No. There's another harness racing name. Let's talk about that, shall we? No. Here's a mobile and coconut creek, yellow. Neil. Yes, sir. How about, uh, back to the, about four steps, you're never going to. What is it? The best fourth pass, forever. Yes, sir. How about maybe, I don't know if you can pin it down the one, but maybe it's very hard. It's like picking a best baseball. Yeah, like, well, like Vince going maybe and they, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Just a little bit of a cover. You don't like Vince going? Not at all. How about Keith Jackson, Collisable? No, not the best sports cast you've ever. He's, he's good at what he does. How about Cocell? But he, but he wasn't really a sports cast, did the only sport he really did play by play was boxing. He was a sports cast. He just played his profile ball to a little bit money. Not, not play by play. He was a color guy. Yeah, that's true. Don't say color guy, because then he'll say, I'll even get it a little monkey again. Who didn't trouble? But he, no, we don't care because he's dead. Okay, sir. I try. At least there's somebody commented on that. Okay, like in a, see this isn't, I, I've told it is over and over again. It's not a sports place. Isn't it when prison sports here? You watch this, somebody went V8. It's going to go over like you got there. And pregnant pull of all of them in the middle of July. Like right now. They're crazy people. Oh, the maddoers. You want to see kids and read you go out there and give their, go all and play real hockey. Yeah, sure, give me another big song in the dance. So, can other hype job? Oh, Neil, do you want to be the spokesman for the manador? No, how about for Roar hockey? No. What are you talking about? Nobody here cares about any of this stuff. They don't even know what the other language you're speaking. It's like, I would be like, might have it a hockey discussion with George. In fact, George knows nothing about hockey and has, and still just by doing this show, knows more about it than most of you do. Just about my, my, my ass Moses. Oh, yeah, we got to build more stadiums or more. I mean, it's, you got to get a few thousand selfish people who have got no life or interested in someone as crap. And, you know, so let's build them a $300 million stadium. So poor John Henry was only worth a couple of billion dollars. So we can keep this thing going, which nobody forced him to buy a guy they am losing team. Make it more money for billionaires. I see, I don't understand. If you guys want to do that, great. And like I told you before, if I had to buy my own panther season to get down to station, wasn't paying for them, there would be no chance. Four minutes for my house. Four minutes for my house. And if I had to pay for myself, the crap that they'd given us the last three years, I wouldn't dream of going there to see that. Nice to have to think about this. When somebody else is buying the tickets, go there for a couple of periods. And at the second period we're down five. Once you hop into the car, you're home in five minutes. Stop off at publics there. Look for the brought worse, which you still can't find. We got bugs in here, by the way. Little tiny bugs. Did we ever get a, oh, I'm sorry. Terminator? Oh, I want to ask you, seriously. Going back to that thing that poor bastard that Henry watches, name up there for a little bit, and that I tore his voice up. Sorry about that, Henry, but it's going to make it a lot more fun. The 75 bucks this cheap ass outfit, it was him. Have anybody ever here of a business of this magnitude? There are three radio stations in his building. There's kids, power 96, and the QI. Well, kids is not, but at least, but it's represented here. And QI in. And we don't have an exterminator. I mean, just for the sales department, I'll only need an exterminator. I don't want to mention any of your close personal friends. Who looked at the, huh? Who looked like we still got the mock balls in their 50-dollar suits, Peter? I'll pay the F-way. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful, and that's pretty damn depressed. But, as usual, with every problem, there is a salute. Hi. I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about HANDGUN. They scare their shit out of people, intimidate them, and they're giving you whatever you want. That's right, HANDGUN. Think about it. Need some cash? Rob a bank. Don't have enough money for fear? Or the convenience store? They get chips and pretals wire in. It's all free, as you've got a HANDGUN. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. The simple solution of life's complex process. Why have to do is wait to five days for it, and happiness is just around the corner. Hell, if you don't want to wait to five days, who cares? By the damn thing off the street. Just sigh a lot of HANDGUN. It's a great alternative to working problems out if you consider the population controls. Yes, HANDGUN. They just might make it thanks. One, two, a five, three, two, seven, two, and two. And who is Alex next? Do we know Alex next to the guard? No. We're talking about the crappy dime store. Garcia Vegas, which is really embarrassing. We spoke to John. You know, John. Correct. We were supposed to show up there today. We've been so awash and back orders from the RTDA show, which we had last week and was Vegas. I mean, it was highly successful. We were a bit busy here. Great. And we were supposed to show up there today. We've been so awash and back orders from the RTDA show, which we had last week and was Vegas. I mean, it was highly successful. We were a bit busy here. Great. Well, I understand that we come late on the list. I'm all over there. No, not at all, Neil. That's okay. And when you're angry, you're angry. You're angry all of self-law to get angry. We have people walking into our shop angry. Yeah. So we've got the answer guards. We've got to get it there very quickly. Okay. We're going to bring you our new predominant. I can't wait. Tomorrow morning. I'll be in there personally to deliver. Excellent. Thanks, Alex. No problem. Stay busy. Okay. There you go. See, when we speak, at least the sponsors respond on a show. And the rest of you did head to head. I can't speak for okay. Because you got your head buried in the sand going. Yeah. Fred Graham. Let me say it again. In case you missed the first part of the show. Excellent column in the hell today. We only in a Broward section. I don't know. About that whole Kennedy business. Which I'm not going to mention again. Okay. Don't want to talk about it. I refuse to respond to it. I've already. You're right. Too much. Too much of an off in. Of course, these people don't over there. You know what I think about this. I think about this. All the idle worshipers. We got out there. All these people. I appreciate your facts, Bill. I killed some good time. But Jesus God. You know, Sirge Party, please. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hi, you. Yes, sir. Jim McKay. I thought he was a good sportscaster. He wasn't a sportscaster. Oh well. Okay. They're no-alons. He's a top five. Yeah. I like no-alons. But why are people mentioning all these folks that were never did play by play? A sportscaster's got to be a guy that's played by play. What could I remember why world of sports and Jim McKay was on it? And I just sort of associated with, you know. That was a big sports fan back then when it was gone and on Saturday afternoon. The day never had any real sports on there anyway. Yeah, that's true. But it was a fun show to watch as far as learning about different- I think it had that skin and to bogging and things where people, you know, the agony of getting your skills and breaking your next stuff like that. You got it. Now, have you seen the video with Christina Aguilera? Yes. Did you mention the little? No. Oh, because I was taking with that. You were taking with that? No more than what's more than what's pretty spears. Christina Aguilera is better looking than what's been. I just said the video. I mean, it was a little more provocative about that. Well, Jennifer Lopez is more provocative than both of them look together. Jennifer Lopez is strictly a masturbation video. I have to agree with you there. That's why that Puerto Rican kid on there's got his thing in his lap and he's tapping it. And his computer keeps or do. You got it. One last thing, I know you don't want to talk about it anymore, but what happened was that was an active stupidity in the Indian media, but when you get like that into it, I miss more. And I agree over the law because any person that dies, you know, whether it's getting carried away. I don't know somebody, I don't agree or what they don't mean in my life. I'm not grieving over it. That's what it was. I mean, it's expected and died. Yeah. But I miss Jesus more than I'll ever miss her. Exactly. And, you know, there's I've been begging for this for two days. And there's a good example of what I was looking for. People that had died the last couple of years who really had made an impact. People liked them. They said something. They were entertaining whatever. Gene's fiscal dies suddenly. He was a young guy. Okay. And it was a tragedy. I never had one call about Gene's fiscal dying. Not one. Well, I tried to call and I never could get through when that happened. And like I said, why couldn't it have been e-bored, you know? I hate to say that. But why if one of them had to go. And I like that. I like them both, you know, when they were together. And now the show kind of lean because you get to get every week. Yeah. It's fine doing. And I also miss I miss Stanley Kubrick, the fact that he's gone. Right. I mentioned I yesterday. And somebody that I don't know if you recognize the name J.K. Walsh. And J.K. Snow. Well, J.K. Walsh. You see a few good men. The Marine movie with Tom Cruise and Fisher. Yeah. He was the guy that in the end who was playing out. He was the assistant to Jack Nicholson. Right. He's sitting on a lot of movies and he'd go after me. I think he made with Pleasant Verlan. He was an negotiator. And Jack Nicholson, when he accepted the Italian words for the get-to-even mentioned him because he didn't work with him in our occasion. Right. To me that was a tragedy because the guy died in the Moana. And you know, there were a lot of people. Jim Henson died in the Moana. Right. That's tragic. There's no stage people died from him. And all the people you're talking about are people who were entertaining. Who did something that enhanced our lives, even if it's only, you know, in terms of a diversion. Unless you were one of the 400,000 meters of George magazine, which I doubt, nobody was entertained by this guy. He didn't have any impact in our lives at all. I agree with you a thousand percent. Okay. I'm grateful. Thank you. God bless you in Cisco. That's a great example of what I was talking about before, which the rest of you had one kid definitely. I'd pain too much attention to what's going on in the world around you. Because there are lots and lots of really good meaningful people by and every day. And immediately, doesn't make a four-day orgy, which believe me, you ain't seen nothing yet. Wait till they find the rest of the wreckage and God forbid the body parts. Wow. What kind of ironic is that the Bobby Kennedy, I'm interested in this yesterday, also had the his brothers, Cascade put into the ocean. You know what I'm saying? He put the ocean in the, Cascade in the ocean. Lots of little backwins. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Any or are you? Okay sir. Two things quickly as far as the greatest four-tatter, I think that's kind of a a concept of a subjective question, but what do you buy that? Well I think it's a matter of opinion as, you know, you know, It's very subjective sure. But two people, one living one dead, John Miller on ESPNB. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hey, come down, come down. They must've been good. They fired him. It is prime. He could've been too bad. I thought of entertaining. He couldn't have been, yeah, but you know, what do you mean he couldn't have been too bad? Because he said he was a literally said he's slotted the third base. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. I wanted part of that is the only good one on there was buddy, Blattner, who was a sidekick and they, he thought they were firing dizzy. They fired his ass and brought in another marginal semi-literatex. Jock TV Reese and they fired a good guy, buddy, Blattner, who went on the KMW to Hawk's basketball and he was so popular there. They did a great job. They tried to retire the fans forced him to stay on another year or two. It was great. I'm doing the states on memory. I'm in my 40s. So when I'm watching dizzy dean and he got to remember, I probably eight, nine, ten years ago. I get that Alzheimer's test right away. I'm doing it about the KMW. One other thing to get a car a little while ago about that's about dish network. I'm the thing guy to call that. We can go to the prep of that shirt. Natasha T.D. story about that. It's not as I did the setup, though, when I went home Friday. It's, uh, it's pretty good, but it's just not the same as the XBR. The next time Ginny and collar work before you go advice, but I'll get you the right advice. But anyway, the evolution network in direct TV. Yeah. Once you get into programming, the picture, the sound quality is always daily, only difference from one single provider to the other is the the amathetic of charge for the programming packages the way the menu is laid out from one satellite receiver to another. And those awesome sketch. Oh, I just need this Miss Christina Aguilar. I have a great day pal. Thanks. Thanks. I don't think she's pretty at all. from the chin that trusty and agalera you haven't been watching your uh... and he being a little bit were you just missed it nice and tony issue for the chin down she's fine but her face is like five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a but that you had what do i know you know what i'll put it all flag like me know porting get soft florida a major blowjob and now if you can a picture to bounce celebrating thought good to get found outside of what these things are said. Like rubbing at the ends and using colors to knit and hair retainers to the average and actual gli-o. It's calm woody that is the sad that joy you need to hope. I read the website as a gay to black bean squirts. And then I wipe my ass, I'm mind-w-y a pair of brushes to be at the end of the ruff. And he's at the end of the ruff. He's at the end of the ruff. And he's at the end of the ruff. He's at the end of the ruff. There are well-slaps sitting. I'd be good. But he's too gentle for anything. Wow. Wow. Wow. So George and I just took a poll. We decided that bill of four buyers never drove by a geobal tie. But anyway, 145 at five suits. See that was the one thing about living in South<|vi|><|vi|> during those years at W's News. And also, you know, I lived right next to my me likes high once upon a time. I lived in Hailea for two years. But anyway, that isn't nice. See, why doesn't MTV understand that most of America wants to see. If they would just have shows 90% of the time, would they continue to join there? They'd have a 95 share. I don't want to see all these other stupid shows they put on there. And we can handle the fact that they rarely, if ever, play any music videos or sips on TRL, which, by the way, let's see, five ten about four hundred nights in row now. You know what's number one? Here's a lot of Hill. Hello. Oh, I forgot what I had to say. That's it. Okay. Thank you. 23 minutes. 11 seconds. And I had them on there so long. He forgot what he had to say. You know what? Probably. Oh, that's as well. Here's my me, B. Chilo. Okay, sir. You know what's custom me off about this whole JFK thing? There's things that are much more important that are going on. That the media seems to be saying, I'm not sure. I'm going to tell you that that's my point. If there's anything else going on in the world, we don't know about it because this is the only news they got. I mean, they have basically preempted everything else that's going on except for the bull like soccer team being there at the White House yesterday. We saw about five minutes of that. But other than that, there's nothing else going on. That, that and also we've got the the first female shuttle commander was going to launch last night. CNN broke away for about five minutes in between other JFK collapse. We've got to cover it. But you know, apparently that's not important enough. You know, to some of the guy who's doing it, we get to do it over again. I'm Thursday now, so you can feel better about that. Yeah, true. Maybe they'll maybe let it up by then or maybe they'll have some bodies or something by then. So they'll be more in the next. Well, they're down there scraping the ocean. There's scraping the ocean floor, man. There's scraping it with a meat cleaver right now. I'm trying to find something. Yeah, they won't stop. This is just getting out of hand. Well, then they'll cut off somebody to do space or Charlie Angel year. I'd take you to do space. But an angel. Okay. Have a great day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How many angels does it take to here's Tampa? Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. But sportscaster, Al Albert from Tuesday night fights. Al Albert? Yeah. I don't think I know Al. I know Steve Albert. He, uh, Marvalvards brother. Right. So Al is a related. I'm sure he's related. I think all three of them are related. And then of course the son Kenny Albert who thought he looks like he came from Mars. And sounds like he's got four pounds of mush in his mouth. But I know Steve Albert is a lot better than Mars. Mars are a good. But the Steve I think is better. Maybe Al is the best that I've heard him. Yeah. Well, I mean, 255 is an on you at the end. But you wouldn't say he's the greatest sportscaster of all time. Oh, would you? Uh, not sure. I mean, I just thought I just like boxing and, uh, I'm not a team sports fan. How about Don Dumfie? He was a great boxing announcer. Uh, haven't heard of him. Before your time. And coach, and Coach Bell even if you hated Coach Bell, which, uh, I didn't hate him. But he was a great boxing. Yeah. I remember him and Al said another guy that was a great boxing announcer was less Kiter who's now in Hawaii doing sports. He's about 100 years old. He was maybe the all-time best less Kiter. Did you ever see the movie when they were kings? I think he was the title of it. Uh, was about the form and Ali fighting the most. I saw that the movie also was called when they were queens. Yeah. All right. Oh, and that guy who drops turns the name in your show. I mean, you run circles around Stern. He, you don't need a whole, you know, people who are laughing. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You don't know. Yeah. Yeah. It's a very subjective thing. But I just went to Hank said yesterday is Hank here yet. Huh? Because so much of what he was saying yesterday was like a high-fiving the radio in the car. Because it was in agreement. Especially the stuff about the beer commercials. But then when I don't know where he came up with that maybe the greatest sports announcer of all time Kurt Gaudy. And I thought to myself, uh, oh my God. Wow. Of course, and you know, people that live down here asking themselves for the greatest sports. It's like when I had that book that Helver Stem wrote about New York Sports Casting. And even with all the New Yorkers we got down here didn't get that much response to that. And it's a four-in-language because most of the people, especially the ones who live in the majority or all of their lives here, the only thing that they can hear on the radio is, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. They didn't, they didn't, uh, grow up listening to WABC and KMO Lexington St. Louis and WDR and Detroit. You can't get those signals down here unless the wind's blowing in the right direction, which is usually not. And I'll tell you one of the greatest sports casters ever who also died in the early age. But when they didn't have a big song to dance when he got hit by a car with Jack Quillan of the Cubs, if you're going to pick the top five baseball announces of all time, Mel Allen, Harry Carrey, and Jack, Bob Prince's number one in my book. But Jack Quillan certainly in the top five and of course most people on here would go, who's that? Jack who? Eeeeh! Because they never wanted to hurt him. But be that as it may. That's what happens when he'll have a sheltered existence. That's one of the reasons this area is as constipated as it is because most of the people see, though I always ask myself, what about the people of KMO from someplace else, north of here, not south of here, but north of here? What did they do all their lives? What was their interest? Where did they go? Exactly. And it must just stay home a lot. I don't know. Because the things that you would think that people from the Midwest and northeast, that they'd be really into, whether it's sports or anything, you think that those people would be here and guess what? Pocky, what's that? What is that thing they play with at Biscuit? Put the Biscuit in the basket? 151 is five, 60. I think Hank's going to be doing a thing today on the greatest talkie broadcasts of all time.