Sports Radio 5-6V 72AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the zest of Neil Rogers. No live calls will be taken today. Neil is on tape. Okay, that's a for many years, but it's not here. We don't call. The opinions heard on the Neil Rogers show are those of the host and callers. And not necessarily reflect the views of these between acquisition for the piece in broadcast groups. It's management or anyone else for that matter. And I remember this is the zest of Neil. Do not call on the name, oh, down. Just relax and enjoy. On 5-6V 2AM. Okay, so here's the Neil. Here's the Neil. Why there won't be a George show today. Also, Neil's going to get his neck looked at by a real doctor. Like someone's been trying to get him to do four weeks now. And there's no other producer here. There's no Joe Castello. So even if I wanted to, I couldn't do the George show, which I was perfectly willing to do. But it's physically impossible to do just one person or I try to pull it off. But the phones are in the other room. They can't be brought up in this room and the spots can't be brought up in the other room. They have to be brought up in this room. So it takes two people minimum. And there's no Joe Castello. The, the Analyst Joe Castello is not here because he did a late night last night. At least that's his excuse. So what's going to be tapes, many disc. And, and sorry, that's all there is to it. I'm going to smoke scars. Watch Cory Everson on ESPN 2 and order from Chuck Slater. Subcenter on 4, 4, 1 and 190, 9, 3. Get his plug in right now. So this ought to make the retarded New York asshole happy. Who's obsessed with me, who keeps calling me every day about how much I suck. This is for you guy and either go back to New York or learn how to say your arse. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck Not here or I can call him, asshole nor' I'll open plastic shit til啥 fuck, fuck, fuck, coos�ר-o wait, fuck up-com for fuck, fuck, hell- whatever, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck... fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck fuck... fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck I...I've got to pronounce the fuck out. Everybody's so mad! I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. I'm gonna be a little bit more excited. He's out in the air. He's advocating marijuana. I'm not advocating anything. I'd then maybe a little bit of freedom. Okay, and maybe getting the government out of your nose. And out of your ass tray and doing important things. So that people could walk the streets safely. And maybe that the food that you eat might be safe for you to eat. And things like that, little minor things that they ought to be taking care of. Instead of doing things that we don't want them to do for us. There, let me help you across the street. It's that old deal against, oh, I don't want across the street. Well, I'm gonna drag you over there anyway. Whether you want to go or not. Thank you. You know, when I left here yesterday, I went home and I drove out of the thing. And there was a metro cop who made a uterine on the side street. And then he pulled up right alongside me at the light. It's the red light. And I looked at him and he kind of looked at me with kind of a, you know, looked like that. And I thought to myself, you know, something. All the things that I talked about here yesterday. Like a marriage we need and about illegal prostitution. And all these stupid things that got on this cane bullover. I've been here for 22 freaking years. And it never changed. And never will change. Just a waste of your tax dollars going right down the toilet. Speed traps, prostitutes, and marijuana bus. That's what it's all about. That's police work in America for, and especially in this town. And as I drove away from the a pork around there, I thought to myself, since we have so many porters listening. Does it really do your heart good to know that you're wasting your time on all these wonderful victimless so-called victimless crimes that you're really protecting us from the murderers and the rapist and the arsonist. And making Miami a really in this whole area, safe place to live. Yeah, it's really safe in it. Let's go downtown tonight. Let's take about 100 people and just walk around downtown Miami tonight and show that we got the courage to do it. Okay, you first. So the marriage we need thing is much to do about nothing. And I heard some who the who the hell was that the, the bookstore. Talk another one of those juvenile sports, the whole. Really juvenile talking about that last night. Oh, yeah, he got caught with the with the wicked wee with the marriage we need and talking about it like this was like, I mean, grow up already. Well, yeah, all in his case, he better not start smoking it because of each anymore. He'll blow up like a guy like our gold stain that booster. Oh, yeah, the wicked weed. I mean, when are you people going to come out of Lala land like that sin brother called this morning? What is it that's so offensive to her? In other words, women out there, they're stuffed don't stink. The women by the way are the ones that are watching Jerry springer every day. There's no man home during those hours. The women are the ones that are watching all these crazy talk at head shows with all this contriphone, Ebola crap where they're allegedly beating each other up on the stage, which is all staged and all a bunch of crap. Those are the people that are supporting that garbage. The women of America was minds of turn to jello. But this show is too outrageous and offensive for them poor babies. Hey, sin, that's fucking bitch. Have a wonderful day because I know you're listening. At any rate, the other big story, of course, is the Casey Martin ruling, which I told you the judge you haven't come and sense ruled the right way. And said he can play and cut the crap and stop discriminating. And Mike Burrardino, whoever he is, writes a very thinly veiled editorial. Not just the commentary, but an editorial just, and he keeps saying, We this and we don't agree what it means we is the editorial board of the sun. Since they already wrote a stupid editorial few days ago, which I read on the year, about this cart thing. Let me see it for the eight million time. I thought you blues knows even Greg Co. Tex and Harold's got a good column on it today. And if even he can see it, all you blue nose assholes, what's the word that Greg Co. Tex uses he said that the golfers are too percnicity to do it right. That's exactly right. golfing is not an endurance contest because if it were, they'd have to carry their own clubs. Okay, walking from one from the one hole to another is not what golf is all about. It's a contest of skill is what it's all about. It's boring to begin with, okay? But in this day and age for a major newspaper like the scum sentence will be supporting discrimination because the guy's handicapped and because these other panties are afraid that he might beat their pants off, based on pure golfing skill is really pathetic. So let's make no mistake about it. The sun's sentinel of favors discrimination. How do you like that? Because that's all it is plain and simple. And now of course the PGA instead of just gracefully accepting the ruling, which everybody knew is coming. Now they're going to appeal it because all those incredibly meaningful human beings like Jack Nichols and Arnold Palmer and Ken Venturi who's great contribution to the human race has been playing a stupid goddamn game. They're they're too uptight about even though they're riding their golf carts in the seniors tour. That's because they're all farce. They're over 50, which make this that makes them old farce. What the hell does that make me? Ancient. Exactly. And I don't ride no golf cart because I don't play a stupid goddamn game called golf. But what a, what a grotesque thing that a major newspaper alleged like the Sun Sentinel continues hanging out of this blue nose and mentality. We know what color there knows is blue and brown baby big time. Here's Boko. Hello. Hey, Neil. Okay, sir. And I couldn't agree with you more on these cops out there. I just, I don't know where to start. I'm 38 years old and you know, always been pretty hard work and make good money. Payed my taxes. Payed my bills on time. And you know, I've always enjoyed driving a nice car right now. I'm driving a Corvette. I think you are too. Yes, I am. You know, these cretines that they allowed to be cops that roam our streets are just amazing to me. They've been allowed to, you know, criminalize normal behavior. So, hey, and I don't, not only that, but they like to terrorize the public. I'm driving on yesterday on the 595 going west out toward, you know, plantation. And here's an FHP. And of course, the FHP are the most useless of all. They're just a wasted taxpayer's money. And this asshole is in the middle lane. And then he finally gets over in a right hand lane so that he can terrorize all three lanes. And he's going 54 miles an hour. Okay. So now naturally, everybody around him is in gridlock. Because that's the whole concept is the slow traffic to a crawl and show them that's a big power trip. Okay. And I thought I would never get to hell at home. 54 miles an hour. And of course, I'm like boxed in there, like, you know, horse race. I'm locked in behind a dead piece and I got nowhere to go. Yeah, let them see that Corvette. And you know, they're, they're attracted to you like a magnet. Yeah. Like a magnet. Yeah. Exactly. You know, meanwhile, the real bad guys, the guys that are doing the real crime, you know, the OGA symptoms of the world we can never convict any of those. Absolutely. I have the theory that, you know, basically what they want to do is they want to harass normal people because they know they have the money to pay the fines, which generates the funds to keep them in existence. You know, and if they go after the real bad guys, it's going to cost. See, let me, let me say something really revolutionary here today. Okay. And that is that laws of the, when we're talking about police work, laws like speeding laws were made to protect people from danger, not to harass people, not to give a copyright out of the right or a community, the right to right business so they can raise revenue. And then another word, so other words, if I don't come to a complete stop at a stop side at 2 30 in a morning, when there's no other car for a 50 miles around an A direction, the idea that some cops sitting under a tree can write me a traffic ticket for not coming for a running or a stop sign or whatever it is is unbelievable. It's just unacceptable and the public in this country are so brainwashed and so I'm, I'm pushing for it that they just come to accept this like, oh yeah, this is right. You got to be the little human. Well, if I'm on the middle of a highway in I 75 on over in the west coast at 2 in a morning and there's nobody around for as far as the I can see and I'm going to speed limit is like 70 and I'm going 85. What the hell difference does it make? It isn't, isn't it interesting, by the way, after all the brainwashing about speed kills in his crap how slowly but surely we're getting back to 65 and 70 mile an hour speed limit on the turn pike in parts of 95 and I 75 is not interesting and nobody's running around screaming. Oh, speed kills. That was the biggest bunch of propaganda and another excuse to write more goddamn business for the porters. That's what it is. Amen. I agree with you. Just change the subject. I call the, I guess, I'm not the guy, maybe through weeks ago and I really, I predicted this case. Martin thing with, I thought he would win. I mean, to the right thing to do. But he's one so far, but they're going to appeal it now because, you know, they're, they're, they're, they're a bad, you've honor has been challenged here and being the bunch of hard asses that they are. They're now willing to accept the ruling of a judge. In fact, the Sun sent, even in salt are intelligence by saying, well, this was a judge in his hometown Eugene, Oregon. So, you know, this favoritism, there is if any other judge with a brain anywhere else wouldn't the rule the same thing. Yeah. It's the right thing to do though. Amen. Hopefully, one time the right thing will win out. Listen, I've got one other thing to say. I have seen Boo get the, at the arena a few times. Yeah. You're right. He is one big unit and he definitely doesn't need to eat, you didn't even more than he has to still take care of Neil. Have a great day, Bill. But I do like that orange hair. See, it's called conditioning the public. It's like anything else. It's like, you know, Pavlov and the dog with the bell. You can condition people the same way you can do an animal. And over a period of your lifetime, if you're conditioned to the fact that every time you go into miles over the speed limit, you've got to keep looking at it. I mean, I'm not suggesting you should be able to go any speed you want because, you know, you're going 140 miles an hour. It's dangerous unless it's in the beautiful Corvette. You know, 230 in the morning and I said, 85, it should be okay. Let's air that baby out when and out. But if you're going, I'll give you a classic example out by me. They're high at us road. There's a canal on one side. There isn't one single house that faces high at us road between sunrise and drower. Not one. There are a couple of churches there said way back off the street. There are a couple of houses on corners way behind trees and bushes that face side streets. But there is there are no little kids. There's nobody. Nobody lives there. And the speed limit is 35 miles an hour. And where do you think is one of the favorite spots for setting up their speed traps and plantation acres is on high at us road between the road. And the highest road between sunrise and drower Boulevard. So they can write business. Not because anybody is in jeopardy there. Not because somebody's going to get killed or run over. But because it's a great place because the nobody in the right mind is going to drive 35 miles an hour at that road. So please don't insult my intelligence, Mr. Pork, Around there, I miss his porker that you're out there to protect me because I've been all over the world. And I've been in places where it's safe to walk the streets at 2. And you have to know in 2. And in the morning and whatever the hell you want. And you don't have all these little intakes running around with God damn guns and kids getting shot because daddy left the gun on the table. Or whatever the reason is this week. Like the five year old kid that got killed the other day because they know, Oh, well, we don't know where the gun came from. Great. That's good. That's good for rental supervision. That's police work in America for you. Baby, and that's why the public has come to accept this slaughterhouse. And it's like this is the way things are supposed to be in the world. Right. Whatever you say, whatever you say, every time you, you know, you're supposed to be many, many years ago, you saw a copy. Like what I'm in Italy. I see a cop standing around with an Uzi on his shoulder standing on a tower over by the Piazza del Republic of wherever he is. And I'm happy to see that because I know he's not going to hassle me. And the fact that he's there is going to make damn sure even to guide them gypsies will come around in that neighborhood for a while till he's gone. Because these there to make sure that there's a little lawn order going on. When you see a cop car here right away, the first thing you think of, oh, oh, you look at this pedometer. And then you think, oh, do I have my seat belt buckle up and do I have my finger in the wrong place now and is, you know, all those things. Not the cop is my friend anymore, but he's out there to hassle the crap out of me because he's on an ego trip. A power God damn trip. Hey, guys, really want to impress your valentine this year. Make it special by sending her a beer gram from the Vermont Teddy bear company to call in lady north Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Pretty better. I usually talk to you. I'm chronic now, but since I'm a lady, I figured it's okay. Yes, it is. This morning between 7.38 and headline news. Yeah. I son the bottom they have in each state some kind of news in from the estate of Texas to set another settlement with a church $5 million on some kind of abuse sexual abuse. But I don't believe it because there's no fact in the church it's beautiful. Yes, and I love you. Okay. Hi. Have a great day. How dare you say that you bastard you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I just off the subject for a minute. What was object? Traffic enforcement. Oh, does George know that when he's talking during the conversation. Yes, he does. Yes, he does. That's the idea. We like that. Oh, good. I'd like to hear you about the guy with yellow here. The fact with the other here. I left that out. You can't think it's just a guy by the way. There's no fact in the church. I think he's a priest. You realize I've contradictory your position is on traffic enforcement. Why is that? Because if it's an intersection where you get to stop at the people you're happy they're giving tickets, but if it's something that you're doing, then you think it's an invasion of your privacy to get a ticket. Oh, so in other words, if somebody is creating a, when did I ever say that if somebody is driving irresponsibly or not driving according to the law that they shouldn't get a ticket? I'm not saying we just let we just have anarchy on a highway. When did I ever say that? But if you're not, what if you're what? Who decides was appropriate? You think the average asshole on the street? Because the laws have been created to protect people, not the hassle people. They're there to protect people. So if maybe you're driving a tour clock in a morning and you're even a little bit on I 75 and you know, maybe made a little bad lane change, but there's nobody else on the road. What difference does it make? It's very, really like, let me take a bite of for that. That's very rarely someone will get something to give me a break. When's the last time to stop? I assume that you must be a police person. Well, of course you want to know. When's the last time you wrote a ticket to an old person for going to slow? I'll believe me. All people get tickets all the time. For going too slow. It's not really a statue for going too slow. Yeah, all of that. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. On the other hand, on the other hand, the interstate, there is not a maximum of minimum on the interstate. When's the last time you wrote a ticket for an old park going to slow? I don't patrol the interstate. I don't know where I'm going to be. I'm going to roll. Well, when's the last time you saw anybody do that? I can't remember. I've never, I've never seen it. I've never heard of a feeding that I see people driving too slow. Yeah. And how about people driving in the left hand lane on the interstate around the turnpike around any super highway, who are going like under the speed limit or not going anywhere? Sure. That bugs me too. Yeah. But that doesn't mean that it's an invasion of the privacy just because you're doing something you think is okay. I mean, who are you to decide that what you're doing is okay, but what they're doing is not. Well, what are we talking about now? We're talking about now. We're saying that when you speed, you know it's okay because you can decide that it's not what I said. I don't know what you said. No, it's not anything. It's not related to what I said. It's not even you decide. You said that you said that you decide for yourself when you're speeding. I've never said anything. You've never told me that you know that it's okay because there's nobody around. I don't think well, first of all, I never said I anything because I don't drive that fast to begin with. Oh, you're full of ballooning on it. Oh, okay. And number two, what I did say was that if somebody, somebody hypothetically is driving 70 miles an hour in a 55 at 2 o'clock in the morning and there's nobody else on the highway for as far as the eye can see that doesn't mirror the speeding ticket because it is not creating any kind of a hazard anybody else. And it's just nitpicking. And most cases somebody probably would not be cited. Oh, give me your brain. And you're not. And you're not. And you're not looking at it. And I know as well as I do that if there was a speed trap set up somewhere, those are the kind of people that you guys are looking for. Why do you think they set up stuff like that besides for making money? Will you tell me? Because they want to get people conditioned to the idea to try and stay around the speed limit. Oh, give me a break. They want people conditioned to the idea of being staying around this. You know, if there's nobody around. I think people are doing the most, look, this is for it. Okay, my friend, everybody who can, who can breathe, get the driver's license in this state. And they can be over the age of 100. And they still get a renewal in the mail automatically for six year renewal. We got more people driving irresponsibly. We don't have any kind of a inspection system in this state. So there's people with no breaks, bald tires, no headlight. I don't ever see those people getting pulled over. I don't see anybody in law enforcement screaming in the L. We need an inspection system in this state to get all the crap off the road here. So it really is safe. All you're talking about is writing business. And you know this one. You can argue with me from now to midnight. You're never going to change anybody's mind. All you're doing is writing business. How do you know what people are getting excited for? And then when you go down the street and you see a car pulled over, how do you know what they're getting into. Because when I see somebody sitting there with a radar gun, I know exactly what they're getting excited for. That's just one instance. Every time you see somebody for the radar gun, you never see anyone else getting pulled over. Almost, almost, almost never. Almost never. Maybe for running a red light. Maybe I've seen that once you twice. And if they did that in this time, you guys would be busy 24 hours a day. Of course. But maybe they got to ran a red light. Said, it was okay. I think this is safe. That's okay. I'm going to go ahead and go for it. Because I know I'm a good driver. I never say that. Hypothetically. Of course. Hypothetically. Nobody ever said that. That it's okay. I threw it to run a red light. It's okay to speed up the hypothetically. Yes. And to go through the stops, I mean, I mean, complete stop. Yeah, but technically, as I would say, nobody's coming. No, not a few to decide. If it's, if it's, oh, I can take as so many intersections right now at the top of my head, where you can see a very clearly in all directions. I'm thinking like, kind of about 21st, 120, first, 120, or 120, first, 3, and 180, to have it who buy me. There's a stop sign there and they got a new deal now there. And no, I did not get it ticket, by the way. So it's not so great. And they're sitting around there to see if people made a full stop at that stop sign. Now you have full vision in all directions to see if anybody is coming or anything is in a row. And I mean, to nitpick and make sure that all four wheels came to a complete stop, I'm going to write you a ticket. That's brow bleeding the public and you know, as well as I do. I'll tell you what, and every time there's been an accident, the first thing they I would tell me is I never saw the other car. Okay. So one day you're going to go through that stop sign. When you get smashed, you're going to say, hey, I looked, but I never saw the other car. When I say I go through that stop sign. When the hype is cynical. No, I'm not talking about hype is cynical. I'm talking about hype people who do that. And that's the first thing they always say is I never saw the other car coming. But they know for sure that it's clear, but they never saw the other car coming. Uh-huh. So that's what happens when you just assume that you know better than the law. Let me say it again. Oh, and all of that, you know better than the law. Here's our lecture. Now we're getting a lecture folks. We know better than the law. So as so if you got ticketed windows near smoke and the number in the car, you better not know better than the law because this guy's going to put you over in the, put you know who's going to, because you got we know there you go. Because you know better than the law. You know you've never been the same since you got arrested. Yeah, Ryan. Well, we have to get a bunch of your shoulders. Sir, I've been talking to say I'm about to leave. First off, if you were to have a bunch of crap, that's another subject. You were never to pay it before. Now, never this bad is what? Now, before you used to complain about getting speeding tickets, but ever since you got arrested, you just been downed down on the law. Yeah, right. I've been down on the law all of my adult life, sir, because I'm tired of people getting hassled for bull crap. That's the end of the conversation. Unbelievable. I've never been the same. Another piece of obfuscation, sir, you don't want to deal with the facts. And that is you're not in a law enforcement business. You're in the harassment business. You're in the goddamn harassment business. And always had been. And what the hell does this have to do with that? What does what have to do with the other? But that's always a convenient excuse. There's anybody who doesn't believe in letting the cops do whatever they want to you. They've got some excuse. It can't possibly be a legitimate point of view. You asshole you. Unbelievable. That's right. When you, you can come to that stop sign. You can see it's clearly, you can look and look. As you go through there and if you don't come, see, that's the law that all four wheels must come to a complete stop. Otherwise, you're breaking the law. Now, that's a good law. Is it? Well, change the laws. Squirrel change in the laws. Okay. We don't have time to try to change the laws of the bunch of our kick bull crap going on in this country with a president's up there getting blow jobs. Everybody in the White House. We don't have time to worry about changing that law either. The fact is, go save some lives and do some real serious law enforcement. Stop trying to justify. We want to condition the people to go into speed limit. What a joke that is. And what they've done in this time because of the paranoia. Instead of like real cities, major markets like Chicago and Detroit, and like we're in LA, where when the highways aren't jam packed like in the middle of the day, and people are going, you know, 75 and a 55 and everybody and the cops are going by like your standing still. Because they create what is called a traffic flow. That's why there is no flow of traffic here because you got some people going 90. Some people going 30. Some guy in his little brown Toyota going 25 in the middle lane or in the left hand lane. There is no traffic flow. Because everybody out here does this sit their own thing. And I don't ever ever see any of those people being pulled over by the way. The ones that are going like crawling around, causing other people to make to make hazardous decisions that cause accidents. It's these old parts and these banana boat people with their unsafe cars that are going 25 miles an hour in the middle of the interstate forcing other people to take drastic action getting frustrated. They're the ones who cause the accidents. In fact, most of the time they believe that you want to be in the accident because they're a half a mile behind it by the time it happens. But give me a big lecture in a song and a dance about how dear you think that you're going to, you know, flunk the law. Right, flunk this. We're paying his goddamn salary and he's giving me a lecture on what my attitude ought to be. How do you like that? That's the best part. You're paying a salary. And if he wants to stand there in the middle of the road with his goddamn radar gun and hassle your life, and the drug cause a lot of stress to by the way, which every time you see a pig, oh, yeah, we want to condition you. That's right. You want to condition the public all right, to miss trust you is what you want to do. But blame it on me because I'm a bad guy with a chip on my shoulder. Right. Yeah, you're John just. That's right. I'll look at it. What's my excuse? Well, you're not Chinese. And see, when somebody will call up and with that kind of a militant attitude, who's going out of his way to Twist what I'm saying to try to make me look like some kind of an outlaw say, because I don't want to be the obedient, beautiful citizen who thinks that everybody should do according to the letter of the law. The guy damn presidents up there getting blow jobs from 21 year old girls, which most of us don't give a crap about that. That's his business. But for crying out loud, worse to post all worry about the letter of the law. This is probably the same kind of guy who would tell you that if they come to your window, they're looking into window to make sure you're doing it in the missionary position with your wife or husband or both as the case may be. Otherwise, you're going to take you off to the goddamn gas chamber. That's the kind of mentality this guy's got. Hey, who are you to know better than the law? Exactly. Keep it out of there. Yes, sir. Perfect. If you want a big big fat mattress, just to call your money under that's a good idea. How are you? You'll say, stick it under the mattress and the money too. And if you want to get a great name brand mattress, the only intelligent way to buy it is to pick up the phone. Sit right where you are. Don't make a move except to reach for the phone and call dial a mattress. I did it two years ago. I've been happy every night since because you love the TV show. All right, that's an intelligent, over the TV video. Cops, too hot for TV. Hmm. Oh, I just love the man and you. The phone. So now you'll mess your pants with cops. The bluepers that this two have the right to remain. Yeah, more like silent, but definitely there, chief. That's right. The plenty is foul up. Rula. At plungers are all captured up. Plus, dad, two hour home bidding. Stop. All true. Oh, man. Oh, the action. All these bench. All the pre-sake for up to the cut out of the original TV show. Hey, sir. You sure you want to pick a ride with it. Can we fall in at the round? Oh, yeah. You're right. That's a bluepers edition. What are today? Here's a coconut grove. Hello. Hey, I've got a lack of police duty here. I got mugged down here in the grove. You mugged the grove. That's hard to believe. Oh, yeah, right. Up to the guys' review. About two weeks after I got out of the basket, a baller for a cataract replacement, right? Isn't that much peripheral vision? Yeah. Up to the guys' review mirror on the outside. That's as your door. And two guys got out beat my ass. Really? Literally. In front of like five or six people, I had to go into the door to call 911 myself. Yeah. The cops show up. And they don't want to go after this guy. Oh, you know the guy's name. I don't know the guy's name. I just got mugged. They sat around with their thumbs up there. Correct them. Correct them. And yeah. And just ask me about the questions. This has been what? Four or five months. No wait a minute. Well, you said you had to go into 7-11 to make the call? In a food spot. In a food spot. In a food spot. Well, maybe they were refreshing. They were making new coffee in there while they were, you know, you were wearing a sign. I think they just brought in a fresh basket. Don't know. Yeah. Exactly. But you know, me while the next day I had surgery, the replacement, the retina, the backside of my eye, I'm blind on it. And under the state attorney's office, that up to the detective department. It's very illustrious. Police department downtown. They've done nothing. Uh-huh. You kind of did church. Well, the two busy count in the traffic tickets. Exactly. I have a great day, pal. Good luck to you. You'll need it. Just like that Johnny Versace business, baby. Of course, on the beach. And they have changed the law now over there. They changed the way the system. In the pawn shop, said, I didn't quite bring Johnny Versace back when Andrew Konan and was running around out there in a white open and sign in his name and showing his passport. And all the other crap. There are some more good police work for you. They did a beautiful job on that. But then again, he was only a murderer. He was only a serial killer, horse-free killer, whatever the hell it is, they'll be depending on which shrink you listen to. He was just running around a country killing people. And so even though somebody's dead, course he was, you know, both only facts. So that's not all important anyway, I guess. But there you go. I mean, we don't want to catch up on that because we don't have a computer. I was willing to do now. They do now because the focus of the light of the universe was on and what an embarrassing budget crap that was it sat around for days and days on somebody's desk until they could review it and take a look at it. And the pawn shops slip too. Yeah, go scare those old parts and get them off the road for crisis. Let them turn in their driver's licenses. I don't want to mention that my mother's got friends who were like 125 years old. I get six year renewals automatically in the mail. People that can't hear people that can't see people are like, got infosema. People that can't get their head up to the bottom of the steering wheel. But they're given them six year renewals and their drivers license. You'll never, ever, ever, ever see those people pulled over off the road. Never going to happen, man. Not in your lifetime or mine, which they probably those people are the ones who will curtail our lifetimes and wind up killing us out there and they got them highway. You just better, you better be more obedient, Mr. This guy, he was he was the best. Thank you so much, by the way, sir. Thank you for being the inspiration for my life. And of course, it's only near Rogers that makes those comments because the Rogers once got arrested for some silly thing that they threw up. But nevertheless, near Rogers has got a grudge. Nobody else makes jokes about cops that make an economy and eat and don't. If that's something near Rogers invented, right? Right. Just keep trying to, you know, shift the argument. Just keep trying to like, out this gate and cover up your tracks or a officer. You're full of crap and everybody knows it. Everybody knows it. And let me say it again. Go to any civilized country, which, of course, leaves out most of this hemispheres up maybe Canada. Go to any civilized country and walk around on the streets and see what kind of environment you got and while we're looking at the driving. Go to Toronto and see what a real city is all about. Find out what a life is all about as opposed to this goddamn police state. Where every time you fart, they're going to drag your ass in because they got, because we, then of course, the more, farters we got and the more it's pot smokers we got. Then of course, we can show those people in jail cells and let the murderers in the arsonist and the axe murderers out because the jail's are overcrowded poor babies and they're not getting tree square meals a day. Here's Kendall. Hello. How are you? Okay, sir. I got a story for you. I think you actually, I think you're going to love this. I'm driving down Sheridan Street. This is a few years back. And they have the police out there and they're a little, you know, tax force getting ready to take it everybody. You got the guns on them. So it pulls me over. If you're going 40 in a school zone. And I said, that guy, I don't see a school zone sign. There you go as well. I can't help but if you didn't see it, you're going 40 in a school zone. So I'm thinking, well, maybe I did miss it. So it gives me the ticket. I drive up a block and a half and there's the school about 2, 3's under construction. Yeah. Oh, I love it. Yeah, but some that is going to be a little kids running around. There's her. Look, this goes right back to what the cops said. He wants to condition you and it's driving slowly because in a few months, maybe two years, there's going to be a real school there. That's right. So we're trying to do you a favor and give you condition to obeying the law. Right. So I say to myself, well, obviously, I'm going to go to court on this. Yeah. I get my court date in six, seven weeks in a way from that. I got to court the court room full of people. You know, your figure in this is going to take me two thirds to the day. But I'm going to sit here and I'm going to tell the judge this story. And I'm watching people go up there and they're telling the judge and it turns out that almost the whole court room where people from that day at that spot. And the judge here's five or six people, seven people and he finishes. Who else is here for this? Almost the whole court room raises their hand. They did a helmet job. Right. Yeah. So the judge says, oh, well, he says, well, I'm going to charge everybody 30 to 50 in court costs and dismiss everything. And I hear people going, oh, that's great. They all get an upgrade of the go out and pay the clerk. I raise my hand. And you're on her. You're asking me to pay 32 dollars and 50 cents for something I didn't do. And he gets this look on his face like how dare you challenge me. Yeah. And he says, that's exactly what I'm telling you to do. I say, I'd like a jury trial. I did not just to shot in the dark and then a guy weigh in the boxes. And yeah, me too. Tell them they hear. And another guy over and he says, yeah, how are we going to pay 32 dollars and 50 cents? We're all here for the same thing. Obviously, these police screwed up. The judge slams his gable down on the desk. This is everybody for here for this. Get out of my court room. And we still we want it. All right. Beauty, nice job, pal. Take care, bud. Don't do it again. All right. Okay. How do you like that? He was going to give him a discount man. Like, oh, yeah, we only had to pay 32, 50 cents to leave it up to this guy to have the balls, which most people don't. Let me say it again. Next time you get a ticket call of ticket defense team. Okay. That's what I do. I think I've had maybe two tickets in last six or seven years. Both with radar of course. Of course. And both and yes, I have been pulled over two or three times for a speeding, a related night in plantation. And they always say have a nice day and don't do it again. So it's not a personal garage. The plantation cops have always been very nice to me. But it just generally speaking, this whole, this whole concept of hustling the public is, I mean, you know, maybe if we could afford the luxury of doing it, if we was like a sideline, if we had no other crime and we figured, well, you know, much of all do something like that. Other guy said, because they're bored. Maybe then you could understand it. But where you have vandalism, I've got them street corny. You got punk's running loose on the streets where you got people, I'm murdering people on street corners where you got people, being held up in shopping mall parking lots where you have people shooting each other over parking spaces. And you look around, is there a cop anywhere? Oh, no, he's busy on high edestay with a radar gun. But go ahead and you'll have a nice day. And guess what? You can, if there's any cops out there that think that because I do that, would you have to do this on a year for years? Because I say these things, you're going to write me a ticket. Go right ahead, be my guest. I haven't paid a traffic ticket in this day now. I don't think any kind of a ticket in this for years. Maybe a 15, 20 years. Because I call it ticket defense. And seeing they get a throne out because more often than not it's bogus. And good luck to you. But if it'll make you feel better, maybe that pork roll, be sitting out here when I leave again today. Where's the mobile info? A lot of day, hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got too quick, cops for you. I'm stopped at 67 years south in Lake Worth. About 10, like I've come running up to the cot trying to sell me crack. Right, dry, finally get away. They weren't that guy's that we're a German Italians. Yeah, and I finally get away from them. I get pulled over for obstructing traffic. Yeah. And I tell the cop, I say, I'm guys were standing in front of my car on the side of my cot trying to sell me drunk. This is when I deal with crack today, we're dealing with traffic. And then the second story. This was not a crack day, sir. It was a traffic day. You better get your days of the week right. It's like today was craft macaroni and cheese day. Tomorrow will be crack day. Right. The second one, I'm driving on 95 doing 75 miles an hour. Yeah. Yeah. He's full of over. Another call that gets pulled over right next to me doing 110 miles an hour. He gets out of the car. He shows his band. They shake hands. He gets back in his car and drive away. I got the cop. I say to the cop, I said, how do you let him go away, driving 110? The cops said, when you say one more way, I'm going to put your action. There you go. That's been mouth. Yes, sir. That's the way it goes out there. They want to condition you to be in good obedient to a junior. Like you. That's it, pal. All right. Thank you. Don't do it again. I guess I better not tell him. I was the one on the vet. TWQAM. There are lots along this in services out there. God, I got eight minutes of being advertised all over. One 800 this, one 800 that 10 10 this. And there are just so many of them that's confusing. Many of them by the way are owned by the same big companies that charge long this in services to your phone bill. That's so huge. Well, who wanted to know how you can really save up to 70% on your long distance calls, get yourself a prepaid phone card. There are lots of those too, but there's only one that we want to talk about. One that's the best. The MTS Florida card. There rates are among the lowest in the universe. Calls to anywhere in the US only 4 cents a minute. Canada only 6 cents a minute. Calls to Chile and Colombia 9 cents a minute. Calls to anywhere in Europe starting at the late 10. With the MTS Florida card, you can count on some of the lowest rates anywhere in the world. The MTS Florida card is available more places all over town. Just as for it by name, the MTS Florida card. It's available in three five and $10. Demominations. Start saving up to 70% on your long distance calls with the MTS Florida card. They call in the US for only 4 cents a minute. For more information or to order your MTS Florida cards, just call 305. 644 0066. That's 305. 644 0066. 644 0066. The problem is all inside out that she said to me. The answer is easy if you've practiced or relieved. You must enhance your full play, Conalene will leave and must be 50 ways to reach another. 50 ways to reach another. I've flat on the bed, Jack. Go down to the claims, eh? Use the vibrating toll, it won't just listen to you. Leave the out for bed, Jack. So get your mouth out of the food, where? Call capital T, E. 2-3-3-3. I said I treat that act with the enforce this day. To go south with the mouth, I'm sorry. I'm afraid for the few insist. Then would you please explain about the 50 ways to reach another? 50 ways to reach another. Just keep on the trail, GM. Fuck off on a bee, see? He needs to that pack. Now listen to me. Please, down on the mouth, don't just give it an up turn. You're just discussing the important segment on 16 minutes last night before Mayor Swar is met at Jack, as out of the stuff we're used to. And that's a segment about Vernon Jordan, who would be the good friend of the president. And very interesting, you're here about the bleaks that we had to use on different things because they get real uptight on the certain shows on this station because they're much image or posis. But anyway, so last night, Michael McWallis was talking to different people. About Vernon Jordan refused to be interviewed for this piece, so to speak. And at any rate, they were quoting Vernon Jordan. When they asked him about what are you and a president talking about when you're out there golfing, you know, when you're right and right on the cart like Casey, what's his name? And Mike Wallace said the word and they bleep, I mean, they put it up bleep. It was like, he, right, there you go. I don't have one of those. Mine's not that long. I'll be sure one. But anyway, the word that they were trying to say was, see is the word. How do you like that? That's what Vernon Jordan and the president talk about when they get together. Because they both big woman eyes, who's they both screw around a lot. They talk about, see is what it is. They said that we're three different times on here. And the bleep kick, it kept getting longer and longer. Almost as long as the president knows. It was incredible. Have you ever, if you know, certainly nothing is seen. He's got that big red one sticking out and his nose is getting long too. I'm going to get to my thing about the Domino's Pizza delivery before. And you know something this was the most important story of the whole last week. The most important story about for us. This was not about the president getting this thing. Socturate. This was not about dropping bombs on who's saying, who's running around from a house to house. Like, oh, and then of course last night we had our big 60 minutes thing with Mayor Swaris. As we get embarrassed one more time from coast to coast and pillar to post. Here's a man who is absolutely belongs in a rubber room somewhere in a straight jacket. And he's the mayor of this town and leave it to Steve Croft into people on 60 minutes to finally expose their sham and his garbage. And nobody here cares because like the one guy on their said, the average voter in the city of mine is a 63 year old two-band woman with no teeth and no spaghetti in place. And those are the only people of the city of Miami. And that's why we got to you. And he also made a comment. This is a third world but not a repunk. I haven't seen that for years. Yes, I have. Thank you sir. Some bearded professor from FIU. That was great. And the Steve Croft says, yes, is it gotten as bad as it possibly can. Can't get any worse. And he said, no, he said, no, it'll get worse. I mean, we've only got people that are dead. This is worse than Dick daily. And any other dick you can think of. We got dead people voting. We got billions of all these bad ballots. And nobody is a get jam. The curl highest in the X. They made seem a little humorous last night on 60 minutes. And that's quite an accomplishment because he's almost as funny as they very like that. Big story of the week about the Domino's pizza delivery. Didn't want to deliver in a certain part of town because it was dangerous. And right off the bat, oh, well, that's an ethnic thing. Maybe it's a, yeah, it's bigotry. And the court ruled that they got to deliver there. Even though we have, we find out in this story, which we saw on the TV on a local news. We have places, pizza delivery people in Miami who won't deliver to certain parts of like Liberty City or over time. Because it's too dangerous. But the court says you got to deliver there. If you deliver someplace else, you got to take your life in your hand. Tell you like that. A lot of times these muggers are the ones calling the pizza guy ordering out for money. Right? And then waiting for him. How about those kids that time man was it New Jersey or somewhere that just killed the pizza delivery guy? Just for something to do? I mean, don't do that. Unless the pizza is cold and really bad for Christ's kids. So what are we going to do about these pizza people who don't want to deliver in certain areas? I said, we give them a medal. The idea that the court is going to tell me if I work in bomb and delivery guy for some pizzas. You want to do any other kind of a joint that I have to go into a neighborhood that's so dangerous that my life is in jeopardy. You know what I would do? I tell the judge, you go deliver it. Here you go. Here's a pepperoni with extra cheese. You go deliver it asshole and see how fast he puts his stupid ass in jeopardy over there. Even art Fleming and Alex Trebek wouldn't go in that joint. I think it was Nassau which is supposed to be near like Riviera Beach or Singaporean will find out from the audience. I never heard of such a joint. Here's a lady. I know Nassau and a Bahamas. I know how dangerous that is and believe me. I'm not delivering no pizzas there. Lady and Miami. Hello. Now they're going to have to pay combat pay dominance. Uh huh. The way it's going. I don't at all. I don't like that at all. It's ridiculous. I think that's another reason to get mama Miris. I think that's a good thing. Yeah. So you don't put anybody in jeopardy. Uh huh. I was calling this easy. You'd seen that 60 minutes piece. Yes I did. I just I can't. I'm listening to Slyos. Sit there and deny things that are so obvious. Like oh no there's nobody in my administration's use of legal charges. Oh well what about this? Nobody. They're not three commissioners. Two of my Metro commissioners. No only one of ours. And the city manager and this one and that one and all his other cronies that he just stuck in there. And the thing about the money laundering about oh well you make it sound like it's for drugs. Oh well it's not for drugs. It's for the other thing. Yeah but don't make it sound like it's for drugs. That's what that will be awful. Oh this is this is just unbelievable. If they don't get to sky out of their feet or we call him or have another election. Then there ought to be like a massive protest like 24 hours a day in the city of Miami. It's nothing else. We're just doing burrting a front-legged entire country. That's right. And of course the whole area has to suffer. I mean all of us who live here we know that the city itself is nothing but a stupid bit in every public. But the fact that all of South Florida has to you know a sufferer or image which is bad enough already is a slaughterhouse because Mayor Suarez is doing bad drug or something. I mean to hell with it. And then of course then I love what he says to seat Crawford. They played the tape of his threatening message to the hero. Remember that. Right. He threatened to pull all the cities and out of the hero. And then he says oh well you know it was a. It wasn't good but you could tell from the tone I was just joking. Right. I need to see it. And he'd hear me serious. Yeah. I'm serious. He's a serious asshole. Always was. The other thing I overheard you and George talking about curling. Yeah. He's on Sunday morning on CBS about the history of it and how it works. I was watching it. Turns out the whole thing was embedded in Scotland. That farmers do the work. I like the answers were in the kills probably. When when all they had was frozen lakes and and granite stones. And nothing else to do. So you figured that's what that's what the whole game came. You know something you watched this whole thing. And I started to mention before not only are the events themselves of farce. Very few of these events are really sports and it's winner Olympics. But then for eight the silly ones like the the what are they even call it. I'm dancing. I'm dancing. I'm dancing in figure skating. And the constantly especially at a CBS talking about how the judges are like banding together in groups the Eastern Europeans and the French. And the whole thing is fixed it's a joke. They do place at favorites. They always have especially back when there was the Soviet block. It was a courier. Well they're all over the again. They used their European judges and the French. And of course leave it to the French because there are a bunch of traders anywhere. They're scum. To leave it to them. They're the ones that are always you know, harboring terrorists and selling a nuclear weapons to a tent world country. That's the French for you. And then they'll do it. So somebody facts this be article. Thank you so much from the Harold. About King and his subjects and the people of this town have been young clamoring for years for that money that Larry owes to them. For years they wanted back. I will give it to you. Millions and millions that this man has made and refused to pay people like the 1,000 that he built them on him. I will give it to you. Larry will make good on his old south Florida debt. He owed now this the best part of the story is which whoever facted didn't realize it could never have known less their psychic like a school Griffin. He owed $5,000 to see more notorious every tarried New York veterinarian. See more notorious come to find out. This is the guy who used to a pedal his rice and lamb at a dog food in my health food store in 1977. Over in whatever that part of town is in North. In North by me beach. Oh my god. And it comes to find out later in the story who died in July of 81. Well, he was a big fat guy. And people were coming to my health food store and he'd sit there to take to the company. You got a dog. That was see more. Well, anyway, he used to belly a call of time at Larry. He's a very old and five grand. Well, I can't. And now the whole thing is they've resup they've added up the interest on this thing as a result of payoff figure is supposed to be 29,000 to 19 bucks because the long was made in 1978. And we'll repay the principle says Larry's lawyer agent whoever this is, but we're not going to entertain the interest or the public. Well, I can't. And the notorious died, but the daughter and law of the daughter is going to get to money. She's an inkeeper in Croton on Hudson, New York says he died broke. How do you like that? At age 60, seven is poor bastard died broke and Larry owed him the money. They might have kept him going for another way or two. I doubt it. Not a lot of money. She says it's the principle. I remember daddy feeling tremendously betrayed by Larry King. King will not pay $7,000 to widow, Marge Hartnett who says her late husband former Crowe, equals mayor Fred Hartnett senior loaned in the cash in the 1960s and got stiff. Oh, well, I give it to you. King simply doesn't remember. She says, bear on desk, who's his lawyer or whatever. But he resents the implication that he's cheap and won't pay his debts. So the king of talk is offering you donate $10,000 to mommy children's hospital in the Hartnett's name. So it's Hartnett. I love children's hospital. The money to us. Oh, well, I give it to you. So there you go. I was going Larry, you cheap prick. You phone even loaned. Asked kisser. All these years have gone by even at guy, even at nice veterinarian. It was a good guy. Real fat though. He's dead. The fat people are the dead people. You know how that goes. Here's a mobile in Miami. Sure. Hello. Hey. How you doing? Okay. I wanted to, you were talking about the 60 minutes and I tell you what's that last night. I had some pretty good laughs. You know, like the line where you don't even know how it was out of post to vote Miami and all the other stuff. Oh, what's again? You know, it's like, it's like we're embarrassed. You know, like you said nationwide, it was like that time magazine cover a few years ago. And now we have the ridiculous crap going on in the city. And then, you know, people expect crime to come under control when our leaders are pulling this kind of hijacks. I mean, you know, I'm going to tell you something that really pisses me off about that. And it is Carl Highest in from the Harold who they made look like a real little comedian there last night, like they very junior. He's sitting there making his little wise cracks and he writes his stupid little columns. They're here to me. Our justice corrupt is any politician in the city of Miami. They were behind the metro rail and putting that over on the public. And then they slapped this in the face and told her was a white elephant, which it is. Then they got behind Mickey Harrison and this this cock and Amy deal for this new arena that is going to be built for their own profit and their own benefits of that they can boost up the value of one hero Plaza down there by the by the waterfront. I mean, the Harold is corrupt is the day as long they're full of crap and he's under making all these constant little comments. If the Harold is so goddamn great and so upright, how come they're not doing something about all of this that's going on? How come we don't see like massive rebellion in date county, law will wait for the local media to provide some leadership on it? That's a good point. I think I don't know what their highest. Everything is a big joke to them. Well, the media issue question, one thing I understand when Squares was mayor the last time. He seemed like a fairly reasonable guy. He's lost it man. He must have got some bad weed or something. Well, he got he had totally lost it. He split down. It might it seems to me either two things number one. He's bipolar and he's not on the right amount of medication. He's bi-sexual. Yeah. Or whatever. Or number two. He's been doing something. He was like Joe Gerston if he wants it. He's got a bias. Exactly. I mean, there's just no other reason for it. Yeah. Well, nobody cares man. Nobody cares about the trial and the Brownwood screw them. Okay. Stay out of Miami. When you're free to go five, six, eight, eight out. The Neil Roger show now on five, six, three, double you QAM. Miami Fort Lauderdale. Man in chains. Just the way I like it. And then this morning I'm coming to work and I'm all over there in Plantation, which by the way I'll get to Plantation. I would like to report right now that I believe that there's a Chigar in the wood politics in Plantation. And the call we had from the cop last week on his show. And now we have this Plantation, this big thing. This is step campaign starting today, by the way, which I'll get into. The selective enforcement to a traffic enforcement program, step as in step on this. That call was from some pork or over there in Plantation is what it was all about. Because this article in yesterday's paper, which I appreciate somebody bringing to my attention, by the way. This is a carbon copy of that phone call we got last week. They're trying to condition us to doing this and do it at any time. I come back from the track last night and come west on sunrise Boulevard off the turn bike as always. There are people I'm going. It's 45 is the speed limit. Oh, can go in 50 52 whatever. It's a little bit over. People are going by me as always 70 75 miles an hour on sunrise Boulevard. And I say you people need mental help, including you. You're telling me that you were one of those people going 70 miles an hour on sunrise last night. Well, 65 70. I don't usually do 70 until I get on a, you know, palm. Mental help. You're helping me. Okay. And there's somebody else on the road. And that, yeah, okay. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to go along. There's nobody else on the road. You're going to go 70 on a residential street. That's nice. We know that 400 just gets away from you. Yeah, I know it's true. I didn't see that. I'm lucky. I only grab a damn Corvette. That can only go 155 miles an hour. You've got that big powerful four runner. I mean, I can't compare with that. A lot of rumors about this station by the way. We'll get into that. So anyway, getting back to this thing. Well, first of all, there's only rumors. Before I get into the thing about the plantation porters, there are massive rumors about this place being sold. This radio station or maybe I'm not sure if it's just this place. I'm not sure if it's just this station or if it's a kiss in the power 96 also, all three of them. The bee's leaf properties. And what we have to say to that is, oh my god, are we praying? We got our legs crossed. We got our eyes crossed. We got our fingers crossed. We got our nostrils crossed. I mean, we're in a cross. I'm rubbing my rosary beads right now. I'm going to lay some to fill in and whatever else I can get my hands on. Any, any kind of a we're going to rub the Buddha on the head. Hey, listen. Well, so we're late. We'll get to Leopard Khan and the rub his head to a little bit. We'll get some lucky goddamn charms is what we'll do anything that might make that come true. Oh, god, would that be something? Halle, Louis, a set us free please. Whoever you are out there, the rumored buyers, which I don't want to say too much about it because once these things they're leaking out, you can screw it all up. So I don't want to say too much. But the rumors are running rampant. You don't think that's the reason that we're just kind of sitting here like in limbo. Because you know that nobody who's a real broadcaster in their right mind would be running this place this way. So maybe that's what really is in the wind here. Not that I want to get anybody pair of noise in psychotic that works for Beesley read being such an outstanding company like they are. Oh, man. Anyway, this ties in so directly. Not that I'm paranoid, but it ties in so exactly with that militant psychotic call that we had on this show last Friday or Thursday. I guess it was Friday. And it was in yesterday's scum Sentinel or right on the heels of that conversation. Plantation where I just happened to live in half for many years now. Plantations break. And we're going to be our A.K.E. with tradition. Police departments planned a halt motorist to ignore traffic laws. I want you to listen to this because even if you don't live in plantation, this should give you an idea of the mentality that we're dealing with here. Motorists who drive through the city of plantation should be extra careful to obey the law this month. Starting Tuesday, meaning today. The plantation police department will clamp down on drivers who ignore speed limits. One red lights. Don't wear seat belts. Don't signal or otherwise break the rules of the road. Patrol officers in police cruisers and undercover vehicles will be armed with radar and ticket books along all major roadways and schools zones in the city. Every driver they see. No, some of this. Every driver they see breaking the law will get a warning. Many will receive tickets. Starting today. If you violate a traffic law, you're going to be stopped. Police captain Keith Hilgenfeld who oversees the department's road patrol and motorcycle officers. The monthlong sting. Dub these. No a sting. It's a sting. You feel that they're stinging it. Dub these. Selective traffic enforcement program. Step. How clever. Is aimed at discouraging careless driving and decreasing the city's high accident rates. Plantation. Log more than 3000 motor vehicle accidents in 1997. According to Sergeant Frank Rubino of these more than 480 result in injuries. We had 15 fatalities in 1996 and 6 last year. That is outrageous. Helgenfeld said, how do you like that? He said not only was it unacceptable. It was absolutely outrageous. That's what he said. We have a problem and we intend to address that problem. Rubino said far too high percentage of drivers. Two said drive in any manner they desire. Is this all starting that I want you to listen to the verbiage here. Far too high a percentage of drivers. Two said drive in any manner they desire. Would they believe that there was a low risk for enforcement. In many cases, Helgenfeld said that people who complain the loudest about terrible drivers are the same ones who later get ticketed. Police chief C.E. Sonny Sherrad Jr said the point is not to see how many tickets we can write for revenue or statistics but to educate. The hope is that once people get used to driving safely along the city's major road, they will maintain their good driving habits on smaller residential streets. After netting violators to the next three to four resplans. Police plan to reinstate the program several times a year end of quote end of story. If that doesn't sound like a carbon copy of the conversation we had with that militant obnoxious disgusting pork or friedy on the show, I mean almost word for word is what it sounds like. To me, of course it's only a coincidence because I have an 11 plantation and guess what, I'm not wearing those seatbelt. I'm going on a year right here with that now today. I am not wearing a seatbelt. See that whole seatbelt law. Is like telling me what kind of toilet paper I have to wipe my ass with. It's not your business. What I'm doing inside that car unless it affects the way that I drive and by the way, wearing a seatbelt, and I've tried it does affect the way that I drive. That's from Italy. Yeah, when you have a big set of go. That's right. That's exactly correct. And if they want I'll get to know from my doctor and I'm very positive I have several doctors who will be more than happy to write a note saying like an excuse from school because I got a head cool today. That I'm fat pig and that right and I have diabetes and I've got pressure in this and that and whatever else. I have occasional hemorrhoids and as a result I'm here not where that seatbelt. And if you guys don't have anything better doing addition to which the last time I check pulling somebody over only for not wearing a seatbelt isn't legal in the state of Florida. You have to be violating some other traffic law before they can pull you over for that is the way to understand. I could be wrong about that. Now maybe we'll start pulling people over for passing on the right to look on sunrise. Now I applaud. I'm all for pulling over dangerous drivers people who are running red lights people are running stop sign. Not maybe like not make it a complete stop but people are running stop sign people speeding in school zone. I'm coming this morning to work out here on honey hole road and I'm slowing down. I'm afraid those lights have a work since we had the big storm a couple of weeks ago. But any jackass can see what those see those people with the with the straps or straps on standing on the corners helping the little kids across the street. Those traffic whatever they call them. That means their school in session the science is very clearly school zone 8 to 9 a.m. And I'm coming here 25 to 9 or 29 this morning and I'm slowing down to my 50 miles an hour and there's this big a schvarts are in a big truck behind me and this guy is like practically pushing me because he's so pissed off because I'm going 15 miles an hour right on the dot. Well it's a school zone you asshole and there's people speeding through their right and see don't begin any tickets of course. People going 70 miles an hour on sunrise like I said 80 miles an hour on sunrise and Broward Boulevard. People running those lights that I've been talking about forever and of course this business they're going to be equipped with radar and ticket books. Well that sounds like more the same to me and if you have already you know why don't you get the speed limits like on a height is there up to where they belong like 45 instead of 35 and then none of us would have who are it all responsible. But have any problem with that but it's very obvious to me that some of those speed limits are said artificially low so that they can do what they've been doing for years maybe that's why they have so many fatality and so many accidents. If they have been doing a good job of getting the really dangerous drivers off the road and are sitting there with too many goddamn speed traps what a concept in plantation huh. What a concept and sitting around by my house a couple of blocks away off the under of trees under malalucatries waiting to see if all four wheels on your car came to a full stop but it came to that stop sign. And maybe some of those trees got trimmed back by the way so you could see absolutely clear in every direction there maybe that might be a little help too. Instead of having big branches of trees hanging out in the middle of the street so you couldn't see somebody coming if you're like to pen it on the at certain intersections. But this sounds like a militant that sounds exactly like this porker that called here and it was on a braored line by the way and I'd be willing to bet a lot of money if I could get my bed in which I doubt. But if it wasn't a lot of a lot of money that it was the same porker and that this whole thing is an offshoot of this show wouldn't surprise that a lot of me. We're going to show you you, you, you, we're going to show you a thing or two and we'll hang out there right in and by the way if you also want to help save some lives. How about it's really nice to city of plantation finally got that light up there at 118th Avenue and sunrise Boulevard. But you know something it's been up there for weeks and all it does is splash in flash it flashes yellow and it flashes red. That's all it does it doesn't change anything. It's no different than it was before because there are stop signs on the north end of 118th and summer and the south and on both sides of that intersection. So if you would put that light in the motion put it into a word put it get it working and make it a regular stop light would like a you know like a real red light would certainly help the control traffic and also stop people try to pull out of there and make a left turn and get and killed. But I really understand we're pushing a little bit too hard you want to you want to make us a beating not a case of writing business we want to make you will be the like the guy so we want to condition you to do things right right. Like you're going to condition dangerous drivers and drop in drivers into doing things right okay let's try mirror more hello. Uncle Leo yes sir. All right you can oh my god. That radio yesterday was bad I thought it was my radio thank god it's only your signal. Yeah sounded like the reason. I mean thank god it's only my signals and that great. Anyway about the pork situation I hope first on the list are these cops when they're off duty and in their private cars that drive around. No they're not going to share it well what do you will you wasting your time with it they're not going to be first on the list they're not going to be on the list. You know that they're not going to be on the list you know that. And their family members that just because they have one of those little badges on their. Tag me so they can drive anyway they want that's all part of the that that whole thing that that whole for turn order police business and all that the. Stuff you put on a bumper I mean if people really don't get stopped because they weren't that's that's one of the biggest the hoaxes in this remain kind. As for the culture less week is probably the top of the list of the guys that drive around and we've been between traffic and how do you know that. Because they're all like that these cops. Yeah. That's a good thing they're above the law they can't have the law but they don't have to abide by it. Okay have a great day pal here's Miami hello. I'm according to the long as turned on January 1st that that anyone that does not have to be put on. Could people over without doing something else it just started this year. Well it was an accurate yeah because when I had to go to traffic and go back on January 7th and I brought that point up in the guy John that anymore January 1st. If you're called without a seat belt. If you're hot without a seat belt. You have kids that want little petty things. Oh, I got a lot of to do. I better go on buy some sharm in the day because I don't think I got the right kind of toilet paper my house either. There you go. Thanks for the good news and and closing. Yes can I change this for class. Yeah it's happening to call them. Tiny don't get the chance in the. The Chinese don't get to put a chicken the armor there. Yeah. Okay I'll work on it. You're like a great cigar I should do boy what's life without a good cigar if you're a guy or woman who wants to be a guy or who just wants to be a much a woman. Next is the place to go to get your great cigars. It's the largest manufacturer of premium hand rules to guard the entire US of a it's a third generation of premium cigar craftsmen who really know their stuff. And this is a local manufacturer which means factory direct savings for you by premium cigars at affordable prices because there's no pimping Bob Bill middleman. So get on down next don't forget every Saturday if you can't make it down there during the week if you're like a working stiff or you have a life Saturday's from 11 in the morning till 40 afternoon they stay open just for you guys to go down there and pick up on all your great cigars and humorers and all your other accessories to. Next cigars for the people who really appreciate a great cigar 71 11 West Flagger just a mile east off the flag of three to see your Palmetto Expressway 305 266 9907 put some real enjoyable pleasure in your post real soon from our friends at next cigar. I was more than happy to. And now is more I'd like to do. I'll only get there but she won't let me. I want to lift her so we've nothing to lose. I want to hold her behind. Close doors more. I want to kiss her but she won't let me. Would she return? She'd say if she was an actress. You showed me an album of pictures of her opening which he then said no. She seemed to feel like she could be. But I was clear with the view. She was a kind of girl. Oh, that's hard. Then right your dog. I want to get there but she won't let me. I want to lift her so we've nothing to lose. I want to hold her behind. Close doors more. I want to kiss her but she won't let me. Well, never forget that train my dance all this. We share the sleep and we shared our tale. But as my heart's prized to leave her behind, we're friends. I'm all my friend. Close eyes just that girl. If they end her. I want to kiss her but she won't let me. I want to lift her so we've nothing to lose. I want to hold her behind. Close doors more. I want to kiss her but she won't let me. There was once a time that all that long ago a few years ago we couldn't play that on the year. It was one of our censored pieces of material. What does that tell you? And that leads right in. It's set ways right out of this facts which is a new one. We had this story yesterday in Texas about the t-shirt. Another habitual t-shirt violator. This one in O'Cala. Jerry Selection began Monday and the trial of a 24 year old Florida man. A trial. They're having a trial over this. Okay. Charge with obscenity over a t-shirt featuring a bear breasted none. And calling Jesus a profane name. How do you like that? A bear breasted none. Probably. Sister Mary Catherine. That sums it all up. The first record store clerk Andrew Love was wearing a delicious record store clerk wearing a new t-shirt promoting the British death metal band cradle of filth in November. When security offers it no call a shopping mall told him to turn the garment inside out or leave. Before he was able to reverse the shirt, O'Cala police showed up arrested him and confiscated the shirt. The shirt shows a bear breasted woman in a nun's habit of reaching between her legs. On the back are the words Jesus is a using the crude term for female genetetia. The seaword. I know it's offensive. Love said since when it is against the law to be offensive. Love continued the shirt was not obscene but prosecutor Steve Rogers. No relation. Thank God disagreed. Love was never jailed on the misdemeanor charge was released on his own. We're cognizant if convicted he could be fined a thousand dollars in sentence to a year in jail. Along with all those other habitual like pot smoker is probably. Florida law defines obscenity is something the average person believes would appeal the way perry and shameful or morbid interest. Something is obscene if it depicts a described sexual material in a patently offensive. Here we go with this again. And a lax serious literary artistic political side to the value. Which means that none of those postcards that they sell the Amsterdam on street corners out in the public would be able to sell here of course. Like the ones that had show the Pope sitting on the throne taken a dump. And as commander the meaning O'Cala the t-shirt is definitely political said loves attorney Jim Reich. He said the case had sparked an outcry from fans of cradle of filth civil libertarians and those of the anarchistic bent. Reich argued loves arrest amounted to unlawful prior restraint because police officers determined on the wrong that the t-shirt was obscene. Mary and county judge Sandra Edward Stevens rejected that argument. An opening statements were expected to start in the case today. Another habitual t-shirt violator. So don't give me no son to dance about American first and then they're right because we don't have any. That's what it boils down to. We have the word police. We have the bumper sticker police. We have the word police. Now we got the goddamn t-shirt police. Remember it Hollywood not too many years ago at Mayor Galante had the t-shirt police arresting young people in Hollywood beach. First of all, I would young people want to be in Hollywood beach anyway with all the old frogs. But number two, they were wearing t-shirts that said disgusting things which were like by the way. Patel then to insignificant compared to that one. So there you go with some more good police work in America as the you hear the boots stop and all over the place baby. So those rumors must be right. This they must be planning on unloading this joint. Oh, it's all over the place. I heard a rumor on the radio just a little while ago that QAMS being sold. That's what I hear. Oh my god, you listen. No, there's no way that I could convey to this audience how desperately we George and I and many others. But now speak for ourselves. We pray that that's true. Pray is that understand it. Like I said, I'll turn to religion. I'll become born again. I'll be put on my white shirt and the tie and write a bicycle. I do anything. Okay, that's right. I'll even put on that magic underwear. I don't give a crap anything at this point. Just to try to bring that to fruition and make it a reality. Because these people here, man, I'm they are clueless. It's not like they're a little bit off. They're way off in law, law, law, and they're so far removed from anything that has to do with radio broadcasting. That it's like we're talking about a Chinese freaking laundry. And they could even screw that up. And I forgot that Chinese restaurant. But it be hangs on. I'll get around with just hang with me. Well, one of these there's all play it. Here's Tamara. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. We found you to the article that you just wrote about the t-shirt. Yes sir. Yeah. I was working in Plantation seven years ago. You're the corner that you talked about. I got a lot of university. Uh huh. I've written you at the foot spa. The cops hang out. Right. And the guy I was working for. Why will this pretty good? We had a lot of this great t-shirt. And we got the words that there was a boy cop. Yeah. And we got a complaint from one of the cops. They said a woman had called and they were going to come down. And they were going to, you know, confiscate the shirts and so forth. Yeah, because they probably wanted to give them away as gifts to their girlfriends. But anyway. I'm all my guy. I throw the box. I said, just leave the shorts out there. And let the shirts probably be made. And we're, we're, we're, we're, we're the shirt. All where they may write. Exactly. But I think so. But any, any, uh, took the t-shirts down. And came in because you didn't want any problems. I was, I was wanting to let it go all the way. Yeah. I was sure. But you see, though, that, you know, I, I figured the first amendment would protect me. But I did. Oh, yeah, right. If you're in a dream world, man, you're in La La Land. There's no first amendment. It's an arbitration. The cops make it up as they go along. I'll redefine that. That's a fented. That's obscene. Okay. We talked about it. And these were just, uh, don't want either that or a scale. Uh, you know, uh, a computer. We're talking about. But it was decided to go back to, uh, that we just mentioned. Uh, and, and it's interesting. You know, you're, you're living in politicians. The cops are there. They're going to go because they at least took the thought and they told us what will kind of happen. Yeah. They've been very, very feeling to us. They're those of whom you talked about that. We talked about the coffee of that place. Right. Oh, they sure do. Well, I make a good cup of coffee. I'll turn it that. Definitely. Okay. Congratulations, sir. And I'm, and I'm just responding. And I'm glad to clean up your act. Okay. We got the dirty language. Teashered, police going out, baby. You have to be kidding me. What the hell are you doing? What are you doing in Amsterdam? And you? Yes. We have it. You welcome to use it. How are we out? We are one block from the marijuana, cash, you see. We're, which means we're here for block for the red light. You can get your damn windows closed for Christ. All you need to do is get the munchies. That'll be the end of you. It's true. We don't need any, you don't need any assistance. Neil, I wanted to use this place. I love it. I love them for them. It took six days to get a phone. Yeah. But it is wonderful. The food's great. The bakery is so good. No, no fish food. I'm stood on. No, no. I just wanted to say you love it. Kisses. And I said that we here will be back into your Wednesday and Florida's daddy. And I wanted to use your palm. It would be a joy to share this. Oh, I definitely will. You got it. And how is the weather there now? I do. No, it's not too bad 50, it's too green. It is. It's a surprise. It's a very warm winter. Yeah. But it's such a civilized town. Yeah. We are, by the way, just, I would have, you really like me. Really do you make a mistake. But I watched, you know, one of the tapes you sent me with the excerpts from Midnight Blue. Yeah. And the one more you were talking about Amsterdam, what a great country it is. Amsterdam is a city. Not a country. I don't want to get confused. The Netherlands, Holland. It's got two names. But last time I checked Amsterdam was only a city. But you know, only that we had a country. The whole country would be like that. I know. But with the joint of my mouth, I didn't care. Yeah, that's true. How you feel? And most of that movie, you had to see your mouth on something else. But I don't want to go into it. We don't want to talk about that. I'll be back in town next week. I'll just see you. In fact, that's when I had a relapse. I was feeling pretty good that I put that video in just to see what it was about. And watching you apply that tongue in Sir Abba. Oh, watch a little thing having any kind of a sexual experience is such a gross up. Maybe you'll lose your appetite for a month. Oh, I can't. I can't. I've never heard his bit. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. You never, you never heard just a second. Wait a minute. You're talking when you listen. That's a date. You club you moron. Have you a looking for the clawrow? continually. No, they are. Are you incorporing the first picture of man in the record too? I am expeciting the fools I enjoy. I have my corn flakes today. Corn is good, it goes right through. It will sometimes have a few pictures of Gloria Land of the Round. But what I truly enjoy is the luxury of bathroom acoustics. I always keep a tarry of Emissionia by this way. I can enjoy the acoustics when I say Fight and open and splash and sploo bit, spew and spray and strain in my heart. Don't get if this real or a fog. So when you have so many don't hold it in. When they got to do some patience and moving best doing it in my poopy hair. And if I feel good when I'm still. That's it L.C. That's the L.C. How do you like that? That's one of the familiar road routes in the town ghosting. That's what I'll see at the track. Maybe I wouldn't have some money. That's what I'm talking about. Okay, never give me the money back. He's fed to them. Okay. Deal, thank you. Hey, here you go. Okay, go smoke some for us. I'll go all seen and I'm stood on talking about dangerous. Or at least they don't have any good food there. He'll find it. Yeah. I'm gonna show you how to help you. Yeah, I couldn't follow but to be so, let's offer a show. Yeah, huh. Yeah, huh. Yeah, huh. Who's on the name? That's it. Pajik? Yeah. So, that's what I suppose to talk about in my poop. Oh, it's poop. Okay, hold on a second, okay? Yeah. Huh? Hello? How's that? Yeah, I was speaking. Huh? Yeah, hello? Who's speaking? Huh? Oh, hello? Can you hear me? Yeah? You got rest on for sale? Huh? Yeah, I'm going to show you how to do it. What are you doing here? Look at it and talk to the boss. I come over, maybe eat dinner with you. Okay. Does a duck rice include all the walks? Huh? Huh? Come on. Come on, sir. Good time, is it? Yeah, it's Chinese. Okay, you can go. Okay, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Go. Let's go, bye. Let's go, bye. You can go, let's go. Huh? Yeah. Let's go. Let's go. Okay, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Okay. Okay. Let's go. Uh... You know... Do you know what I mean? Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Uh, do you want to go to the bus? I'll be there. Let's go. Huh? Let's go. Okay, I'll be there. Okay. I'll go. You can go. You can go. Let's go. Huh? Let's go. Let's go. Yeah. Yes, sir. I do. Okay. Hopefully I turn out better than the others. You...you...you've been getting a lot of tickets for like everybody else. It's a few traps and I just got three of them. I've been doing what? I've been getting a lot of tickets. No, I have not. I haven't had a ticket in years. Well, you talk about a lot. Yeah. I talk about it a lot because I don't think that that's law enforcement is having speed traps. Yeah. That's not law enforcement. I agree. I get them all the time. But what would you say if I gave you a suggestion to do your stuff to change the system? Yeah. If you would promote, because you know it's different going on the road to speed trap. Yeah. Somebody in the opposite direction has the headlight on the Lincoln and Warning. Right. Which is against the law, by the way. It is. Uh-huh. How about just putting your headlight on? Well, that's okay. But if you would promote something like that. I mean, it's against the law, but we all should be doing it. I always have promoted that. It is. And the cop that's the cop will pull you over and give you a ticket for that too, by the way. They get very pissed off of you do that. What's law? Uh-huh. I don't think you can either take a deposit or feel like a lot of that. Well, who knows? I have no idea because you're screwed with their game, don't you understand? They resent that. That's why they resent me because I've been talking for weeks now about the silly stop sign police implantation and about the radar traps on Hayidas Road. So now they're taking it out on me and they're going to take it out on everybody else. Because they're pissed off over there. Somebody peed in their coffee at the Boots spot I guess. Yeah. I don't know. For as long as I can remember on their show, we've done these pig reports where people call in and they tell us wherever there are speed traps. We put it right on the air. That's the best thing that I can do when we will continue doing it. How would they be able to give you a ticket though just for putting a headlight on? You're asking me who knows? All I know is that they do threatened. They they have pulled people over. They, you know, make them psychotic because for whatever reason, they say that they're not supposed to do that. Just like they say that you're supposed to wear the seat belt and they say that you're not supposed to pick, you know, is with the index finger of your right hand only your left. Have a great day sir. Put on my seat belt yesterday when I left here for the first time at a long time. Just to see what it was like wearing a seat belt. I don't like it. I hate it. Very constricting. It's very uncomfortable. But of course in this town since most people are see this is like the guy to call for Massachusetts yesterday about what Jerry Williams did on a radio years ago. And he got the seat belt law repealed the federal government intimidated them and made him put it back in. We in state to law. The government's got no business. We'd hard telling you what to do inside your car anymore than they have to tell you what to do inside your house. The only thing they can tell you what to do inside your house is you don't like beat up your pet or your kids or your wife or anybody else because that affects somebody else. And just like the example I used yesterday the government tell you what kind of toilet paper you got to use or which hand to wipe with. It's no different. Oh, but it's for your safety. No, it's not for your safety. It's just another way that you give up freedom and let the government in true where they have no business. How about letting the government send inspectors to your house at night to see who's doing what in the bedrooms. I don't see how of a lot of difference. It's none of their business. It's insurance company bull crap. It's revenue raising bull crap and you cops in plantation I got news for you. I'm wearing my seat belt. Are dying? I hear yes I am. And I understand I wasn't even home last that I understand it was a plantation forker parked right in the corner. And if I'm pulled somebody over for not coming to a full stop at the stop sign there right by my house right by the house. What a coincidence. Doesn't phase me in the least. And this obnoxious arrogant prick that called issue on Friday and I wouldn't be surprised if it's this hildgun felt guy. Because his quotes, you know, the more I read I got this one little column from yesterday's for a Monday's paper. And the more I had in this one line in many cases hildgun felt said the people who complained the loudest about terrible drivers are the same ones who later get ticketed. Who could he be referring to? Yeah, who is he referring to? The people who complained the loudest about bad drivers who who is that? You open your window do you or anybody out there complaining? Later get ticketed. See I hate to break the news to you sergeant whatever your name is captain sergeant. No time for sergeant. But I happen to be a damn good driver and a safe and responsible driver. And even though I got a car that'll go very very fast, I bad drive very very fast. And yes, I do reason when people go by me. There are a couple of things that really piss me off. Number one when I'm trying to go close to the speed limit and somebody is right on my ass. Tailgating because they're trying to push me because I'm not going fast enough to suit them. And if I'm speeding, if I'm going seven miles over the speed limit, they're right on my ass because I'm not going fast enough for them. I'm not getting the ticket to make them happy, okay? Tough crap. If you want to pass me around two double yellow lines, go right ahead and take your chances, baby. But I'm not speeding up to make you happy. And the other thing is when I'm going like 52 and a 45 on sunrise, and some asshole like George goes by me 75 miles an hour on sunrise Boulevard, that really forced my ass. I go with the flow. I was going there. What I'm going to nobody else. I'm going to the river. I'm going 70 on the turntike where the speed limit is 65. And that's about what I drive around 70 and a 65. Nothing wrong with that. And somebody goes by me going 95 miles an hour. And I never ever see any of those people get it pisses me off because those people are a menace. You people are crazy. And yes, you should be getting tickets. But the problem is they're not the ones who get the tickets, baby. The ones who get the speeding tickets are the ones who get caught in all these little radar traps that we set up. So don't give me a song to dance about you trying to save life. You try to condition people. The drugs continue driving drunk and getting their licenses back. And the chronic high speeders continue driving 85, 90, 100 miles an hour. And you know it. 9. So go freshen up the coffee at the food spot in plantation and cut the crap because you're not full on me. You're not full on anybody else. And your sure is how not intimidated me. You can make as many phone calls to this show as you want. Doesn't phase me in the least. But I'll be wearing my seatbelt. Slow down and plantation by the way. You don't want to get no tickets and buckle up your seatbelts. And make a full stop and sit there for about half an hour at the stop sign. And guess what they still don't have the light working at 118th Avenue in sunrise. Boulevard. The light still flashing there useless useless as teach on a caterpillar. That's how worthwhile that light is there. But oh, we don't want all these very talented. Well, and how about getting that light working, okay? And one thing I will say, since I do grip credit work credit is doing, she wanted the reasons they're kicked off the plantation cups. Is they had a great thing going there for months. Even back when we're still on here in Passen. Remember I used to talk about that 30 mile an hour thing. The construction thing on sunrise. And they would just sit there right and visit. And you really had no way of knowing where it stopped. That where it started. That's one of the famous scams with construction zones. Is you really can't be sure where it stops and where it ends. And it was no reason for their most days to even days when there was no construction going on. Thirty miles an hour. So they're upset because they finally did a great construction job there. And you know, there was some inconvenience to those of us who live out there in West Brow. But you know, something they did a hell of a job. The DOT or whoever it is that, you know, we rarely give anybody credit. They did a fine job. And sunrise Boulevard now is the wide sick lane highway out there all the way to where the arena's going to be. It's a high a man. Nice job guys. All they got to do is put the reflectors down. That'll be all done. And fix that stop light and make it work. But that's one of the reasons that they got to do all this other business is because that was it. That was like shooting fish in a barrel man. That was that was a piece of cake. Who's going to be going 30 miles an hour on a fought four lane a big four five lane. Whatever it was at the time highway. Especially on a road where George is going 70 miles an hour. There's the one you want to get after is George Rodriguez. Okay. You plantation forkers and wherever else and sunrise you're driving. Where is it for a lot of deal? What part of sunrise like university and sunrise? Yeah, plantation. There's one for you in his beige Toyota 4 runner. Okay. He's going 70 miles an hour. What? It's desert. It's it's the Pulse place of summer. Yeah. Oh yeah. Never mind me. Yesterday I'm driving home on the after all is talking to China about these cops and all those bullcrap and I'm driving home on the turnpike. And here's an asshole in a green van. And he's like in the I'm in the middle lane on the turnpike. He's in the left lane. And he's about to go by me. But of course he sees the car. Obviously he knows who it is. And now he hits the break and he sits out there and he kind of backs up and I'm like he's looking over my shoulder. Was that where my seat belt? No. No, I was not. But I am where my seat belt now. Audio plantation forkers. I don't want to you know, give you an easy target. One invented new product. It's just a sash. It looks like a seat belt and you've just put it on and sit down and it looks like that we're not a new product. Oh, it's not. They've already know it's not. Oh, sorry. See if I'd call that. Now when do I get one of those? Yeah. You go and see there. Not only does he go 70 miles an hour on sunrise right in the middle of plantation there by university and his puse desert doing four run. He's also advocating violent while lawbreakers. He's the one not me. I'm the safe driver. He in fact rich. The two maniacs. There's a man that drives 90 miles an hour in a school zone. That's how fast he goes. This man is out of control. The fat man. Well, he's fat. He's got a, you know, heavy foot, which by the way, my foot is still killing me. I think I need acupuncture from that crack proctologist and those magnets that I talked about the first day I came back on here. Here, what's the end of February coming up now? And the bottom of my right heel is still not there for no change. Not getting worse, not getting any better. Nothing in there. They x-rayed nothing in there. And of course, that's great podiatrist over there. Cleveland Clinic. Nice chatting with you, pal. Nice knowing that Jeff Clark is your brother-in-law. But nothing. Oh, yeah, when you got to do those stretch and access. Yeah, stretch this. Still the same. Maybe after you get an acupuncturist to come in here. Do you think so? They do acupuncture on your foot? Well, yeah, yes. Because your foot is like, you know, countless, it's hard. I mean, that's supposed to make a difference. Really? That's supposed to hurt. That's supposed to hurt. Oh, I see. But it does. It's not supposed to hurt when the plantation cops be the crap out of you either next time you go in 70 miles an hour, but it will. Time is short. I think I'm going to start talking sports. Bigger will take a week and I'll just talk sports for one week and see if we can search for one caller that has any clue what they're talking about. Just amazing to me. Just an ongoing, just words. Just for me. I'm not. I'm not. I like George Siddery to break to me. Said it's baby crap. And that's the exact expression to use for baby crap. Like all these people calling in like this is something that's meaningful in anybody's life. Who showed up at the White House yesterday? Not that he had racking a bass that I sure up to see if we're going to avoid a war over there. Not if the president's lawyer showed up to see if he's going to want to be in a pizza or not. But did all of the Marlin show up there at the White House yesterday? This is important for Virginia. Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Hey I got a question for you. Yeah. Talk about your anniversary 22 years in the business. Yes. I was arguing with some manics with the friend of mine. It's not really the opinionated answer. I mean it's fact somewhere. When you were bought out, you know, your contract. Yeah. We were arguing that I was saying you were unemployed. He was saying you were still unemployed by the people. First I wasn't unemployed. I was being paid to a good medication. I wasn't unemployed. Yeah. I mean we were like I said, are you going to be some manics? You weren't working. Yeah. Right. That was basically what's the point. What's there to make what you call it? I'd like to be unemployed like that to rest in my life. What was unemployed? You were employed. Let them do that. That was not unemployed. I was employed. I just didn't have to show up. I got to check. I came and picked up a check every week. You can't be unemployed and get paid. No. Did they consider that employed? Of my charges. Absolutely. Really? Yes. I think you did something like a great day, pal. Oh my God. Oh the world is coming to win it. Would I call right there? That's it. That's the end. I actually had a feeling for about an hour and a half today that we were going to make it today that we really were going to have a show. We're going to have some real-a-zipity do-do. Some real-a people on this phone. Forget it. I mean talk about get a life. Well it's really semantic. Yeah. Some antics. People of our use semantics are people in desperate search of life. Here's a mobile info. A lot of nail. Hello. Yes sir. Good old story. When I first came down here right out of college to become a school teacher, went downtown Miami and crossed the street there and came on out and as I came out and crossed the street again, it was a cop there. Yeah. And he said, you're Jay Walken. And I said, Jay Walken. Any point to sign out, sure enough, there's a sign says, Jay Walken. So I said, okay, well I guess if give me a second. So I saw me see a license. I saw him walking. I'm not driving. You don't need to see my license. So I said, is this your car? I said, yeah, but I'm not driving. And he says, well, it's part of the expire meter. I said, okay. I said, okay. I said give me a ticket for that. So he gave me a ticket for Jay Walken. He says, you'll cross the street when you want to end. I said, yeah, he says, okay. So give me two Jay walking tickets. Then he gave me an expired meter ticket. Then he gave me a ticket because there was a note. There was a construction sign next to the car. Then he gave me a ticket for part-gen of restricted zone. And then he says, I refuse to give my driver's license. He gave me a ticket for no license. Handcast me. And my car showed and took me to jail. I went to court a couple of days later. The judge read the thing called me up call the cop. He said to the cop, he said, first of all, you're going to pay for his car. Then you told. Secondly, you're going to reimburse him for his time. And if I ever see you coming to my court with this kind of club again, I'm going to get you off the force. Oh. Great story, sir. That was it. Congratulations. Don't do it again. Okay. I knew like that. See, that that cop was one of those tricks that I'm talking about. Oh, good. And what's so we can draw these people. And there are plenty of those. If you're visiting, if you're one of the snowboards down here in your tune in today by accident, wondering, what it's all about, this is what this town is all about. Okay. It's a bunch of dead people walking around, a bunch of dead people driving. It's a bunch of people moving and they move their lips a lot. They don't say too much. They don't have an opinion about anything. And yet somehow I've survived 22 years in the midst of all of this. How is that possible? How in God's name is that possible? Man, oh, man. I was thinking about that the other day thinking about surviving 22 years with a bunch of deadheads. And the minute that I can't that thought came to my mind, I pooped my pants. Oh, God. I just let loose 22 years of frustration of trying to coerce a force people to, like say something, have an opinion. Get some passion. There is no passion. That's the thing that is lacking in this town is passion. It doesn't exist. Here's a mobile info. Waterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. 10 NAS cops, sorry for you. Oh, yeah. I'm going up Lions Road. See about on three or four miles an hour to steal it. Two motorcycle cops. One of them shoot this thing. I think nothing other. One of them all said I look at my real vehicle path. I'm looking at my real view. One of them is behind me. What do I do? So he posed me over. I asked him to answer me. What do I do? How nice are you going? About three or four over. Three or four miles over this gentleman. So let me finish. So he says the tent on your windshield extends two far down the windshield. I should go away to my office. And he'll get this. It's factory kid. It comes from the factory that way. It's inside the cloud. Oh. So he writes me a ticket. That ticket for what? For what was it? Because your thing is too long. Yeah, the thing was too long. So he writes me a ticket. I'll never get a ticket for that. Oh, then now listen to this. Not only do I have to pay the ticket, but I have to bring the car to coconut cream PD to prove that I comply with. I got to go get I got to go put a new windshield in the car. Oh my god. I swear to God. Unbelievable. Here you go. I rest my case pal. In closing. And your pain is shallow. Yes, sir. In closing. Yes. Okay. Let's take a boin and beach. Hello. It's going pretty good. I don't envy your position. These people have been sitting here. God knows why I forgot to have an hour waiting for you. I got with six minutes and six seconds. I was quite fished there. What the hell was he talking about? I haven't got any idea. I think he was talking about Mark Forset. I sure he got. I was going to hang up after him. But I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I love for Forset. Not now. I used to put anyway. One of the measurements. You said, actually, she got beat up by that intuitive that time of the spray. Remember? And she tied them up and put them in the fireplace. What was the name of that movie, George? Oh, that was a good movie. Excribity. She's not my dad. She's not my dad. She's not my dad. He beat the crap. Rocky. Yeah. I played college hockey. Unfortunately, a Ranger Fang. A few other things. South Florida. I moved down here about two years ago. Now you're talking board. From Boston. Boston. It's terrible here. And Miami is the armpit of the United States. It's a place to be South Beach. A bunch of weirdos down there. Now, bunch of drug addicts. But homozers. Yeah, muscle bond posing. Fag. And these cars with the mesh box wheels. It's thick out 10 feet. And the shorts down in the middle of their ass cracks. Right. Religion is another thing. Yeah. The first time I called a last time I'm called. Because I don't have time to call you. But I want to get it. You want things off with you. Go ahead. Religion. I totally agree with you. I laughed in the car. It's the biggest bunch of crap. Yeah. The Bible is a fictional story. I can see the guys writing the Bible way back when all drunk around the table. Right. So I'm sorry. Well, I mean, people have been inventing gods in the side of the script. I've been going on since the beginning of time. And anybody. Anybody who's got even a tiny ability to think for himself or for yourself. Know that. And we'll just laugh at this crap. But the sad part of it is that people don't want to think. You get chastised. That's why if you say anything today. Anyway, I would be happy to tell the women out there. Okay. I had a heterosexual. I love women. But women power bullsh**k is going on right now. What the hell is that all about? Okay. And to tell. Okay. So crap. And I just, you get little worked up. I left him on there. But, you know, bull crap is right. So he can't say shot. You can take one. But you can't say it. Because this is American. And the things I brought up about the t-shirt, police. Got almost no response about that. See, you people are so conditioned. I mean, the cop who called Friday was right about that. We want to condition you to doing fill in the blank. To be nice and obedient. And whatever it is, we're going to condition you. Even if you shouldn't have to be doing this, we're going to condition you to doing this. Because we decided that you can't wear a t-shirt that says this. And you can't have a bumper sticker that says that. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing today? Excess all off Neil is the fact that you have these cops working over time by the saw grass. You know, you're supposed to stick to 50 cents in those at open parking commercial. And they get you. If you don't stick to 50 cents in the little hole there. These cops are working on OT. This is the most amazing thing that a cop is getting paid to even do these things. Yeah, well, listen, pay the 50 cents and cut the crap. You know what that reminds me of. Oh, I think it was yesterday. I should have brought it, and there was a letter to the editor from some old far. to the heart. The hotel was in old far by the nature of the letter. In his guy was complaining because he had gotten a ticket. He went through the toll booth like in the turnpiker somewhere and the arm was stuck up in the air and the green light was stuck in the on position. So he just goes through. He doesn't put in his 50 senses, 75 cents because the green light is on and then he's belly and then he gets a ticket. Well, guess what, pal? Just because the leather thing is stuck doesn't mean it's an invitation to just go right through you asshole. Well, I thought it was a free day. Yeah, right. It's like that salad dressing free. I'll never forget that if I live to be 500 and I didn't make this up. It's a true goddamn story. Seven years ago, I'm in my public. So it's got to be like four or five years ago and this old bag is in front of me in line and of course, he's making a big to do. She got like six items on there and everyone is big. Oh, how much is this? But I beat by the above and then the girl takes, you know, the bottle of craft salad dressing and puts it through the scanner there and it won't fit. Wait a minute. Do that for enemies to girl. What do you make? It says right in the bottle free. Fat free. You stupid old disgusting obnoxious idiotic guy. I mean, God, that fucking bitch free. So why didn't you get 20 or 30 of them? By the way, only in Florida, baby. Only in this town. Only where the living people are really dead mask rating. No, Charles Alfiori doesn't have any surprises for you. What he's got is a great look and head in here. My dad's not the old. Oh, he makes a win. He's a cute kid. Oh, when I was young, I'd be a man. He's a young boy. I look you by my daddy. I want to. And I dad's not the old. I wasn't in a dream. It's gotta be the obvious thing. I'm a criminal. Oh, he's a thief. He thinks he needs to laugh at her own. And watch my dad and you go. He's a piano. Oh, so so come about out. So they're gonna let him go. My dad's not the old. He needs to get up to class. So he's a fun dude. So let me just mention this stuff thing here because I'm going to forget about it. I don't want to do that. Boy tossed out of car on i95. Child's mother charged with attempted murder. Hobesound and apparently drugged and paranoid mother. Once accused of starving her newborn daughter pulled her toddler son from his car seat and tossed him out the window on Thursday. As she raised along, interstate i95. That's fucking bitch. She picked him up by his cover walls and threw him out. It's where the highway patrol trooper Deborah Busby. The screaming two and a half year old boy, Pertal across the median as shock motorists pulled over to help him. Stephen had died lost consciousness only as per a medic's place. The monogruney boy was in serious but stable condition with broken bones on Thursday night. It's a very medical center was undergoing CAT scans and very Jackson's worried about if we're going to have the Jimmy Johnson press conference. See what I'm saying? Well, we're she I got this TV and her thanks to Jeff Cohen and the satellite. This thanks to our friends at digital world satellite. Not so I could watch ESPN and find out if there's any big sports score stories breaking. But so we could have CNN on here and find out if the president's going to get him peached. If he's at any good blow jobs this week, if we're going to have a goddamn war with the wreck, what's going on in the outside world. Barry Jackson, I suggest you open up the window and stick your fat ass out there and find out there's other things going on in the world. Okay, you simple than you jack as you you fit in like you're just like those people that that guy was talking about. Anyway, this little boy's mother Chris and Hada 30 of West Palm beats was charged with attempted murder and aggravated child abuse and was being held on $60,000 bail at the Martin County jail. It was Hada second child abuse. He was arrested 1991 Hada played a guilty to child abuse charges after her infant daughter turned up malnourished and convulsing at a hospital emergency room. She received five years probation court documents. And here's the best part. Hada was going through a divorce and had won temporary custody of her children court record show. How do you like that? She was going through a divorce and what temporary custody of her children. Hada and a parent manic depressive was no longer taken on medication had lost a lot of weight recently. She'd become obsessed with a notion that a secret agency was trying to steal her son according to neighbors and friends. Probably the Illuminati or the trial-adult commission. She told them she discovered the plot on the internet was fleeing with her child. Or the plot was on the internet just like all those great NHL trade you see on there. About 10.45 a.m. traveling north on 90. 5.5. It's beat up to 85 miles an hour. Hada threw the toddler out of the driver's side window and then skidded into a ditch. The boy hit the ground screaming witnesses told police and continued to cries. Witnesses raised to comfort him. A daughter ran back to her child. Raining about pornographic movies. Important international news coverage and local papers. According to witnesses in police. Well, not in that last part. I think she's got a point about porn international news coverage. There was nothing in there about the Disney connection. No. She, uh, I heard somewhere on one of the radio news. Obviously not the thing. Well, not us. We would know. We would know if she was thrown out. She'd rather see the kid dead than, uh, to be exposed to, uh, the pornography of Disney movies. Oh, yeah. She probably saw priest. Well, maybe she's smarter than we thought. She knows that. There's no fact in the church. She probably saw priest and got that out of shape. This woman, she's getting custody of her kids. The first one, the little girl was convulsing and starving to death. And this one, she throws out the window. And people are worried because we're having too many abortions because we're not making enough babies. And the Pope is running around telling people to go to make a lot more babies and no, no, with that birth control. That'd be bad. Oh, God Almighty. But I bet to the right to life or so, I gotta be screaming about this because this kid's already alive. See, they never care about anybody that's already alive. It's only that fetus that they're in love with. Here's Palm Beach, hello. And you know, good morning. I've even talked about porters the last few days. You know, a story on CNN, a North Florida man arrested handcuffs taken away for standing on a roadside with a sign that says, Speedtrap ahead. You would know, see this reminds me of the thing about the flashing your lights to warn the other motorists that there's a speedtrap. How can they do that? I just thought on that. I guess what they say is that you're interfering with law enforcement when you do that is the technicality of justice. I'm struck. I've just as oh my God, his bed is Bubba. Without even getting any, I'm job out of it. Have a great day. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm reading the, the Miami morning rag here at a very Jackass. Got a collar, article there about you. How a this service to this to these sports idiots that they're not having the sports upcates every hour on your show. Yeah. I mean, police. You know, I mean, a very Jackass is a little immature asshole. If there was anything very earthshaking and important happening in sports, it was factored to us over here in the middle of the show and I would put it on the ear. But the fact, and not only that like Joe Sacky continued, we find out we had it on the ear here yesterday. Right. So if there's anything earthshaking, I mean anybody that's that much of a fanatic that has no life whatsoever, which is very Jackson by the way. I mean, this guy's pathetic. And of course, he's nothing but a shill and an asshole. No, it was a thing of it is you do there is those fanatics who listen to this station. Because I hear a message in the sucking up the Hank, the sports shows. I mean, it's it's thickening to the life. So don't listen to the if you don't want to hear that. The Hank is entertaining. But yeah, it's just this two got it. We can get all these people. Well, when you've got a sports station, you're going to attract a lot of those people who this is their entire life. They're incapable of thinking or talking or doing about anything else in the world. And they want to they want to soak that up every minute of the and those are the right. Those people are pathetic. I've said that's in today. I came on his station and very Jackson is one of them. Yeah, and then then he goes with the because you didn't care. They didn't carry Jimmy Johnson's touch conference last week. And said it's erupting you and the. No, we are going to be interrupting this show for his Johnson already. But he also. He's talking to the free ages to free ages. These people just bring it down. Football season is over. If I hear one more talk about football about the dog is traffic. I mean, kind of these people get up and play in a life already. Amen. God. Come down. Okay. But he's right. See, Barry Jackson. This is not a sports show. I hate to paint you a picture. I'm sure you're listening right now. You're a little pud wacker. This isn't a sports show. It's the knee or robbed your show, which is probably the best God. The thing that ever happened to this radio station. If I do say so myself. And the notion that we're going to be interrupting it to put Jimmy Johnson under to go. Blin blin blin blin blin blin like that. Get a life. Okay. Take an interest. Take up a hobby. Like a Russian roulette would be good. Okay. Take up something really worthwhile and get with it. But he feels compelled to write that because he's catering to exactly the people who's guys talking about. That's what his column is all about. Broadcast sports. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Who's going to be the 31st draft take for Seattle? Look, it's coming summer for the Seattle. Take your old kid with a great arm who plays for ishbrimming high in Michigan. Absolutely correct. Yeah. Well, I'm sure lots about that coming. You know, if you thought I would be went crazy on draft day in April every year, just wait to hear what goes on on this day, Shaman Day NFL draft comes above. Oh, geez. Waiting on the, man, I saw that cover of the Harold that with that that crazy woman running down a highway dropping her kid 18 months old, not two and a half. So that's it. That's it. I mean, and the mother, they want to give the kid to the mom. My paper here that kid is two and a half years old. Really? Oh, the Harold has 18 months. Well, I guess it's a big difference whether he's 18 months or 30 months or whatever. The younger the soft as a little is a little kid and she threw him up the guy named window under the I. Ninety five. Just sad. And then, you know, the other woman that stabbed the mom and from the kids, I mean, that's nuts. No, it's so well, any. And people like Barry Jackson are worried about who the dolphins are going to draft in the 30 second round. I mean, you talk this last guy that called was right on target. He said everything that I've been saying and thinking for a long time. I have no respect. I have nothing but this stain for people. Hey, you think you think so and so, but on Tennessee last night, I mean, what are we talking about bidding on God damn college ballgame? Get a life already for five states. Hey, one minor request for my brother McKenzie, the Scottish bag, Piper. Have a great day, thanks. Say it's going to be the same. It's going to be the same three or four things, George. That's a problem. Just play them over and over again. Well, let's just play it for a hundred times. If we can do it with spots, we can do it with comedy bits. Here's Hi, Alia. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You're talking about the lady who, you know, the lady who through the kid in the street. Right. Well, I'm a pro-life her and we're, we, we care about the children, you know, happen to them. Tags in the church. Okay. Oh, yeah, that's right. This is the fact that the church got a triangle sag in the church. Oh, okay. When are you going to get a life man? We care about all the children. We care about all the children. The father did father-in-law told that your boyfriend run away. Is that what happened? Is that why you're so psyched? Oh, cool. Would you probably want to follow a tool? I don't even know him. Okay. It's a, because how was he? This is the, there's no tags in the church. Okay. Okay. Okay. He's sick of the church. How about your imagination? How about in the right to life. A little bit of any facts and it, in fact, there's an article in the end of this week for, according to some guy from Nevada, and, who says that everybody at the Vatican is a fact, you think that he's a liar? He's a liar. Okay. He's starting the church. He's probably just a fact propaganda. This is what I think. He's trying to hear the church. Yeah. I'm trying to do it. I'm trying to hear the Catholic church, right? I'm going to work. I know that. You're going to work that way. Because they reproduce too fast. I can't swallow a thing. And just because you're hate to poke. What do you mean? I hate to poke. I love the Pope. He's an old-fashioned. You're like I am. Yes, he is. Only I'm a better dresser. Although quite frankly, I've never seen his dress. Other than that, that white smata he wears all over the place. I understand in private he wears dresses up just like a gay and you're Hoover. You know, one of the most critical decisions you can make is who the chooses your realtor. Your Rogers God. My religion better than your religion. My religion better than your religion. My religion better than your. I believe you look so good. My religion better than yours. My religion better than your religion. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. My religion has a very big red raciality. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. We will not endorse the father. You like full of Russia's friends. We will not endorse the father. We will not endorse the father. We will not endorse the father. We will not endorse the father. We will not endorse the father. We will not endorse the father. We will not endorse the father. We will not endorse the father. We will not endorse the father. We will not endorse the father. We will not endorse the father. You like full of Russia's view on you of Friday. Women will not endorse the father. Women will not endorse the father. Women are going to stand in for relationship. Women Let's do my N.E. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today, sir? Very well. I just wanted to take the time and see it perhaps maybe you permit me to speak. I'm a pastor of a local church and I hear your program on a regular basis. Yes, sir. I can't say that I'm critical of your point of view. The only thing that I don't understand about you is your ADHD. My, my, what is it, ADHD? I believe you're an atheist, correct? Yes, God forbid. Okay, meaning that you don't believe in God, what's worth? Of course not. Okay, what kind of watch do you wear around your wrist? What kind of watch do I wear around my lip wrist? Well, the first example, a Rolex watch. No, I don't wear a Rolex. Okay, well, let's just say I take a Rolex and I put in a front of you and I tell you that that Rolex happened by itself that he just created itself. What do you say that I'm ignorant person for thinking that that Rolex happened by itself? Sir, you know something I wouldn't give a crap. You're not, you don't worry about how this plan again. No, I absolutely do not because I know that we don't know the answers. We don't even know answers to things that happened a few years ago or a few months ago. We don't even know if Monica Lowensky was even given blow jobs to the president and you're trying to give me to believe a bunch of bullmenmoses that were written by primitive people thousands of years ago. See, if I did care about those questions, see, long time ago, I said to myself, we don't know and we're never going to know and that's the end of it. I'm not going to waste my life listening to a bunch of fairy tales that are being spread by other people for purpose for like taking over your mind and your money. What happens when we die then? You go right into the ground just like just like fight, it'll go in the ground just like the cockroach goes in the ground. You go and dust it us, etc. And so on. That's it. I mean, are you really afraid of death? It's not a matter of being afraid of death because sure it is. No, listen, religion is about two things. Pure of death and money. That's the only thing that really don't want you are absolutely right. Right. Religion, you don't need religion. What you need is a relationship with God. There is no God, so there's no such thing as God is religion. Yeah, that's what you get away from that word. Well, yeah, I'm not going to play semadical games with this. There is no God. And if you believe in a God that the Jews invented or the Goi invented or the, Okay, so there's been thousands of gods through the years. Every culture is invented. They're own gods. The Aztecs with the sun god. Everybody had gods and know something. It's all just a bunch of double talk. That's all, but it helps you to to hang on to that. I don't want to deny you that, but I'm certainly not going to be dying in the opinion to express the right to express the opinion. I respect your opinion and I like I say, I hear your program and I'm critical of your point of use. But now there's certain explanations that are logical. So then there's only two things either of a lose. But let's, sir, I want to ask you this question. Okay, this lady that tour kid out of the car yesterday. All right. Are you listening to me? Yes, I am. Thought I'm who saying is making chemical biological weapons over in Iraq, right? Are you listening to me? Okay, we have El Nino, which is causing flooding and all these grotesque things happening. And people dying, right? Right. Now, God is omnipotent. How come all of this is going on? Ah, Satan, where did he come from? Who invented him? Who invented him? Who invented Satan? Who created him? Well, Satan said, who would have you? Yeah, I'm listening. God created him a perfect angel. Yeah, see, here we go again. He created him as a perfect angel. Obviously not. I thought that was, I thought that was JT snow and then they created him as a giant. He was a perfect angel. Well, how do you explain? See, if something is perfect by definition, it's just like God, he's omnipotent and he's perfect. But he keeps screwing up all the time. And we have let proceed and we have cancer and we have bubonic plague. And we have AIDS and we have all of these other diseases. We got this new disease that we're talking about. Every time you turn around there's another new disease that affects the brain and eats the brain away. Every time you turn around there's another new disease. And it's Satan. See, that's a convenient excuse. That's for more on to say stuff like that. God is great, but Satan, see if Satan, if God is omnipotent, always got to do it. Get ready to say it. And that's all. Hey, you're gone. Like that. Like he snapped his fingers and he created the universe. He also snapped his fingers. Satan's gone. Let's have peace and tranquility. You live 300 years of peace. We don't have all of these problems. We don't have wars. Man is perfect. Doesn't have free choice. But then there won't be anyone to test us. Oh, yeah, we have to be tested. Like Abraham, go kill your kids. I was just kidding. Psych. Yeah, just just testing you. Just checking out to see what kind of a good you. You really were Abraham and by the way, I want you to incircum sized. Who you can. It's for a was. Yeah, it's mild. It's. It's. Mendric. Chmendric with circumcised. Okay, it's mild. All of this. These bubble mice. He's my God. It's just it boggles my mind. But you know something. I don't waste a lot of time thinking about it because I realize, especially the one good thing that's happening to me doing this kind of work and doing this short. We need is our realize how weak most people are. Most people are such sheep. Like these people we have sitting on hold and somebody says something while around hold and that they can hear. And then we punch them up on here. And they repeat it like a goddamn parrot. Like a mine a bird because their minds are so weak. They don't have an original thought in their brain if you could find it. But thank you for your closer. All these religious nuts. They're afraid of saying three little words that make it very easy. And when you start asking all of these questions, for which we don't have any answers, all you have to do is say, I don't know. There you go. And people can't say that and they've never had been able to say that. So since the beginning we recorded time, everybody says, oh, well, how do we get here? And then okay, we don't really know, but we'll make up an answer instead of just saying, I don't have any freaking idea. Let's make up an answer. Let's make up some fairy tales. Sounds reasonable to me. And you know, something they could have done a better job. And they could have made up some, I mean, like the Virgin Mary on the side of a bank building in Pensacola where I mean, come on. Other cultures did do a better job. The Virgin Mary on a Totina pizza at what's your name's house, Rosie. Rosie Ricardo, whatever her name is, in Hollywood. Lopez. Oh, Rosie Lopez. I forgot all about her. She's small potatoes. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, you know, I just wanted to say I'm really enjoying your show today, but I had a comment to make. Okay. Is it true that homosexuals aren't supposed to believe in God? What does that mean? I'm just asking you, that the reason why you don't believe me. No, it has nothing to do with anybody's sexual orientation or anything like that. It has to do with not believing in fairy tales. See, here's the little considerate fairy tale. Here, that's why I said fairy tale. Here's another example of a call just like the other, the Julio, the call before with this one. Oh, yes, sure, sure. Same thing. Yeah. I really enjoy your show, but now you want to take a little shot. Yeah. You're promoting a negative any on the other hand when God promote it. Let me answer this. Why do you listen to the show then? Could you switch me off? I use a listen to the show, but you know, this time. Because it because it what? But this time, you know, you really, you know, let me ask you. Why do you listen to the show? I'm wanting a negativity. Yeah. Okay. Then go find something positive. Go find yourself a good vibrator. That's real. And make sure it's on positive. See, this, you're not pulling anybody's sweetheart. You're not pulling anybody for a second. If somebody says something that makes sense and challenges all this garbage that's in your brain that you can't get rid of. Then right away, you have to get out because you are a faggot. It's because you're this. It's because you're bald and old and you're Jewish. Whatever it is. And she just can't handle it. She can't deal with it. Well, sweetheart, if you want to believe that there are the little green men on Mars and on the moon and on a cockomol, whatever you want, it's a free country go right ahead and just be a bozo the rest of your life. Because that's what nothing negative about reality. Well, it's pretty ugly, but nevertheless, if you can cope with unless you were a weakling in which case you need religion. And obviously you do. Besides, there are a lot of self-hating religious facts. Oh, no, no, a question about that. That's why the Catholics have that dignity thing so that they can go there and pretend that the church loves them and set them. And so on, even though the church, of course, the Catholic church is just low enough in butt fags in the church. Just just read anything you want about the Vatican. People are facting in the church. Like I said, make no mistake about it. You show me a guy in a dress and I'll show you a faggot or a guy who likes to dress up or both. Under Johnny Bench liked to dress up. This is 5.6V. 2AM. You got out of the UK. Where the faggot is? Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. I did a Rick here. How you doing, Neil? Okay. Listen, I know everybody looks up to you all the other hoxotos. But I don't get it. I don't get it. You know, don't take this wrong. But how can you, you know, mix sports with real topics? You ought to just stick to sports. Sir, let me say it again. This is the Neil Robbjusure. It's not a sports show. Yeah, but the bodily function jokes. Who you're feeling to nine year old boys? Yes. Nine year old girls. What's the deal? In that son of the words, you're listening, but you don't like the shows. That would just tell me again. Sir, you're not. You're never listening to your, you're not. You're not. Not there. You're not there. You're not there. You're not there. People who's calling to tell me how to do this show. But for some reason, which you refuse to explain, you're listening to it. You're not a place in sports. Okay, go play pocket fool. Get out of our face. Another one. On what? On what? Another definitive QAM asshole. But thank you very much for listening to this show. I sit and I listen to the assholes that call it on the sports shows on this radio station. And I, I wonder to myself, what kind of morons are these people? A way about the Bobby Schmendrick underviking. Who cares about Bobby Schmendrick and a Vikings for crisis? It's the 24th of February. Who gives a crowd? And even it was the middle of August to give a crowd. So I'm not mixing anything with anything. Let me say it again. It's the middle of your show. And if you don't like it, go find someplace else to sit your fat ass. Okay, pathetic. We got all these instant program directors out there. Why not come over here, pal? You'll get hired because you don't know anything about the business, obviously. Which is the main qualification for getting hired in programming here. Here's Boca. Hello. You know how you're doing? Great. When you go to movies, you know, like a movies, what do you do? You leave. So for the last car, if you don't like to show. Yeah. I don't understand they never do it. I've got 50 billion people out there who are closet listeners who pretend that they hate the show. They hate me. It's disgusting. It's juvenile. It's whatever it is. And there's a guy that's almost an hour into the show and he's still listening. You know, one thing about this professor who commented about Miami. And you know, Miami is pretty much like he said an arm kit. If you have an anti-republicative toilet, it's a show. You know what? You're going to start with this again, sir. You're going to have to make a kind of with his bilingual stuff again, sir. Oh, keep it coming on. Oh, keep it on. Here take a leak. God, can you believe this? People that start that crap with me. He's like the other guy. Because you know, you're not going to be on ear more than like two seconds. Once you start that crap, you broke your little torpe. He saw a guy in a rack spigget English. Well, let me tell you something. You go over to bad bed. And either stay there or try functioning an English and bag dad. Okay. I go to room eight million times a year, which is a hell of a lot more civilized than educated than Baghdad, whatever be. And our aside from people who came from this country or some very educated people who work in the service business. Nobody speak an English over there. Nobody I respect them to. But what the hell difference does it make you function based on like living. Well, whatever the conditions are around you and these people who want to keep banging away and banging away and banging away. I'll tell you that the living and breathing Hispanics in this town all speaking was made to better than this guy does. And he wants to waste his time with these oral fart sitting in domino park refused to speak English. I have no room in my life for those people. Those are the very same people that are threatening everybody and this professor from FIU because you expressed an opinion that they don't like because they don't understand what freedom of speech is all about. They've been here for 40 years almost now and they still are understanding about this government and they never will until they croak. And they're very embarrassing for the rest of us. Well, there you go. But this guy wants call Sandy Peyton, okay sir. Maybe you can find her skinny ass somewhere on a radio dial. Call her up and she'll talk about it for the next 55 hours non stop. It's boring. He's he's he's worse than the guys that call the sports shows and believe me, their terminal 90% of those callers. I wouldn't give you a nickel for their pathetic. I mean you talk about narrow casting they're talking about stuff that appeals to such a mind a miniscule number of people who cares about that crap. About some 15-year-old kid that's playing high school volleyball and peoring a little somewhere who's got a really big left foot or whatever the hell he's got. God, here's my me spring. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah Neil, I can morning. I don't I don't always agree with everything you say but you know many times. Well, because each one of us are different. That's right. Very good. I don't think that's a bunch of living's out there. No, exactly. I think that's a really thoughtful of people. Yeah, well, yes, I've got glad you know you you've cut my chain of thought but it's fine. That's yeah. Yeah, as far as the fish was concerned, all we have to remember is bulk of burgers. Right. Same thing happened, yeah. They're cool bites. Well, Dr. Rackens died. Yeah, exactly. What's things that you believe in? And I think that you've got to throw our baby. That's what the show is all about. It's got the power. Not just sitting here and clapping my gum for four hours but actually being able to motivate people, having some credibility. That's what this show is all about. Anybody can sit down here and read ball scores for four hours. Yeah. But changing the gears that they think is what spurred me to cause when I switched it on and I heard you talking about the professor actually he's very he's what we have to admire. You know, some of us can turn more about the substance. The style comes afterwards. But we have a group of people that are more interested in appearances. And all they care about is appearances and that's what's important. And it's not. What's important is is doing the right thing. And then that by itself you're going to have the you're going to have the appearances come back later. It's a personal purpose to have a bunch of crook here and and and mimey date. That's the fact that these old cubins down there, my amy are defending Xavier Swara's. And what goes on politically in the city of mimey is so incomprehensible. It shows you how intractable and hopeless they are. And that's why we should just forget about them and just sit them all in domino park and let them just eat their drink their coffee cobalt or teleagy their contestants rot and just get them out of here already. Well, most of them are dying off and then we'll thank you. The new generation. Right. And in regards to when you know, because you have people talking about bilingualism. But really I hate to sound feel good. When makes this country great and why this country to take a leadership role around the world is essentially you name the group. And there's a significant group of those people here that that live here. It doesn't matter whether it's from Pakistan or from Cuba or from Iran or from Iraq. It could be from anywhere and you will find that nationality melting in here. That's what makes this country what it is a lot of people. Well, a mess, yes, but also have a little bit of the moral responsibility to be able to intervene and say, well, you know, we understand. You know, in the long run, I think it's a lot, it's a lot better that way than to try to consider this country something homogenous. Well, this guy wants everybody to be just like him. No, no, in diversity, there's strength. Okay. All right. Well said, have a great day, pal. Even though it's not working here, but we're trying it. Or some other places, like I was talking on the table about Taral yesterday heard that, or they have tremendous diversity. And people get along and nobody's not going to try to go about bilingualism. Then you go over to Montreal and Quebec. There's another example of what happens when they start with this bilingual crap. Two cities, not that far apart, same country. One of them works magnificently well. Great city. One Azou, a circus. People are fleeing from there because of the frogs. This story of that they, I got two taxes on this from Barto, which I thought was mildly amusing. But now that I read into it, this guy named Johnny Larmor, he said beside US 98, holding a speed trap ahead sign. Passing motorists talked, they're thanks, smiled and wave, but the deputies were not pleased. The deputies, those working at what police call a traffic speed enforcement area gave him a parking ticket handcuffed and took him to a mental health crisis center and confiscated his sign. A cheap homemade sign that deputies said it was evidence. Procure, Colonel, Grady Judd agreed with Larmor and said Larmor 48 is welcome to assign back. Hindsight is perfect said the Colonel, but what we should have done is put pull off stakes and move on down the road. Mr. Larmor was doing our job for us, which was to slow down people to the speed limit. See, that's where the whole thing comes in. Are you really there to get people to slow down or are you just there to write tickets? That's the real question. Now does anybody believe that these speed traps are set up to slow us down to make us be good obedient? Right. They're there to write tickets is what they are. And so they were forced to on handcuff him and unreleased his sign and set him on his merry way. After they handled this poor guy who was just because it was a road out of the middle of nowhere. And he thought it was like pretty ridiculous that there were set up a speed trap out of the middle of nowhere. Like on high-edits road where the speed limit is like two miles an hour. And I'm going to say again, you people out there that are too stupid to realize when the Aporker is around there in heat and there are speed traps every five yards. If you don't want to slow down and just go around that WLL line and get yourself a double ticket for speeding and For going on the other side of a WLL line, hey, this road, you idiots you. I'll never forget as long as I live that Jack has son of a Friday and his little girl in the back seat. Pows around me passes me on the wrong side of the WL line and she turns around to give me a look that would kill. I'll be a little bitch because I'm not going fast enough to suit their fancy and my beautiful Corvette. Well, too bad bad, okay. I hope you want to get an 8,000 speeding tickets. You jackass. Probably was a kidnapping. Here's Boint and B. Hello. You. Yes sir. Hey, do I not trying to call you for quite some time? Uh, I don't think the head you can't get your audience a little bit. I'm a police officer up here in Palm Beach County and you guys got a wrong. There's no quotas. Traffic is very, very small percentage of what we do on a daily basis. Yeah. And the reason why we target certain streets is because we have a lot of old people and influential people to run a city and they want us there to slow people down. But you're right. A lot of times when people hide, I disagree with that. The area is part of traffic control. If you want to slow people down, you should write out the null or road. But the light. But the people I'm talking about like in Plantation, they really don't want to slow people down. They just want to write business. Well, if they want to slow people down, they'd be sitting out there at height of 24 hours a day. These people that are tailgating and trying to force you to go like 20 miles over the speed limit. Those would be the people getting the tickets and they're getting on my nerves. They do. But the city is getting very small percentage of the revenue from tickets as well. Yeah. But you know, you hear these people fall off on the line. Then how come all the people that are driving all the bad vehicles out there with the ball tires and no breaks? How come those people really get stopped? How about the people that are driving 20 miles under the speed limit in the left handling? How come somebody doesn't pull them over? I've heard a state for 25 years. I have never seen anybody that was driving slow and irresponsibly get pulled over. Never. That is a statute actually. Well, the opposite is. Well, why don't they aren't they getting pulled over? I can't speak for all the other officers, but I mean, speeding is the risk. And that's why people for my brother stuff. You know, a spy registration or bad vehicle, whatever you want to do. But still traffic is very small percentage of what we do. It's very large majority officers get out and they really bust the rest and make the city safe. And so on and so forth. And that's what people really respect our depression and war and I thought I'd call and give you another. Well, because most of the cops we hear from like that arrogant Jack has to call me which you go Friday. That was given the electric and the given everybody else electric. And it just was up notches. That's how. Tell us that we want to make up the allows us we go along. Well, can't speak for everybody. But I'll speak for myself. Well, thank God for your sir. Have a great day. There's a real cop who they, you know, we'll reasonable attitude. And like I've said before, there may be 20 30 percent of the cops that got that attitude. And then there's about 30 or 40 percent of between. We're going to kind of jaded because police weren't in turn out to be what they thought it was going to be. And then there's 20 or 30 percent on the other end of it just a bunch of assholes who are just out there to hassle a public. Your hair is too long. You're too young. We don't like the way you look. Whatever it is, you're too dark. You're too light. So to speak. Never before as a senator. Carrier offered you what I'm about to tell you right now. Mobile. It's not still very hard to do. But the name of the day isn't survival. That gives you a touch of it to where we do. We told people you know the way. And by the time we were hired. All the time. They love the gaites of Bible, they're beautiful. They do, they do, they do, they do. They do, they do, they do. They fight their dreamy over her. All the battles, they take their possessions away. They battle, they take their burning down. You can get somebody to believe in things of you. They do, they do, they do. They fight their dreamy over her. They fight their dreams. They fight their dreams. They fight their dreams. It's fortunate to be back to the doctor down. Everybody, my only friend, okay? Come on, you'll be coming up again. Beat the crap out of your kid. You're too rude of me, darling. Go on, you're a girl. It has to be laid down. I don't understand, I don't understand. You make it that repiled. You've got to try and think now. We got this grotesque story, which this newspaper, this song, I think I may have to get to hear all of it. This song sent me no seriously. I'm looking forward because they had it on the CBS evening news last night. In fact, Dan Rather had a really sour push and they showed El Presidente on air who said very briefly outrageous. He said there is no excuse for this and they showed him saying that. That's all he said. And of course, in his case, lately, the less said the better anyway. But at any rate, the story being US students, lagging math and science, American high school senior scored below students from most other countries in an international test of math and science, according to test release, a result's released on Tuesday. And this doesn't include Asia by the way. Now, Asians, you know, like Jackson, other groups to the Chinks, they're always like way up there on top, but they were not part of the survey. In spite of that, we came in 19th out of 21. The only countries we beat out were Cyprus and South Africa. How do you like that? Even though, now listen to this, even those Americans who took tough, physics and advanced math courses performed worse than most students taking equally rigorous courses elsewhere, according to the TURN International Mathematics and Science Study. Although students from 21 countries took the test of general math and science knowledge or the end of 1995 school year, American scored below the international average. 19th out of 21. And I wish I had the entire list of all. It was like all the European countries in Canada and like, did there any place you can think of, except Cyprus and South Africa? Oh my god. But I guarantee everyone of those students could tell you who Michael Jordan is in Mike Tyson. This ties him with what I was saying yesterday. There's nothing wrong with knowing who those people are, but it's a disproportionate set of values in this country. And that is that being intelligent, being anything other than just stupid and just going along with a crowd and being a moron, that's what it's all about in America. That's exactly, and the positively, what Americans society is all about. Just like there are people stupid enough to believe that this asshole from the UN is telling it, no, I saw the clip, I didn't see the one you're talking about. You infuriated by a saw the one last night again this morning where he says, we can do business with Saddam Hussein. That was where his exact words. This asshole from the UN, the third world moron from the UN. We can do business with Saddam Hussein. That's like, it sounds like Neville Chamberlain all over again to me. We can do business with Adolf. He makes great to meet season to make your meat real tender. That's what it sounds like to me. And in Newsweek, I just got into the Newsweek yesterday and it shows the all of the missiles, you know, obviously his blood sugar is like 800 at this point out of control. I did go to publics last night since that guy was nice enough to call in yesterday and did get a pint of fish food. And very surapticiously, he sneaked in and out. Got about four or five items. Was out of there without being identified, sneak back into the house, put my fish food. Open a little bit so it doesn't burst in your microwave, of course. You'll air out like just a like that. Just a little crack. And then you pop that baby in a microwave for 35, 37 seconds. And then by the time you got ready to sit down, you got your assoto there to wash it down. You come back and it's all ready to go. And it's tempered to a nice soft consistency. And your stick you're spoon in there and the first spoonful of course is going to have not only that real thick chocolate marshmallow, real real super rich stuff in it, but it's also guaranteed going to have some of those little tiny, super dark chunks of chocolate in the shapes a little fish. So you can have a great smile on your person become born again at the same time as you're popping that in your post. Speaking of born again, by the way, I did bring in my Charles Temple and book fair while the God, which evidently, we must have somebody listening out there this time. Because evidently, we got a lot more response on that just from my talking about it on the tape from old Eoliau D tape on Monday, that we did back when I was talking about it live. Everybody in a brother once is God damn booking unfortunately. It's a Canadian book and I'll give the number I'll put that on if you're going to have a success because it may actually be banned in this country because it's so honest. There's nothing all that controversial about it. The fact that he says religions about your crap and he used to be a minister and he used to be Billy Graham's best friend and talks about what a phony here is, which we all know. But I do have a thing I'm going to read from there a little while because I figured in fact maybe I'll just read the whole book on here. I'll just do it like not like Mark Shineb. I'll just do it a few sentences at a time as opposed to putting everybody into a coma. In my usual sneaky way of getting that stuff out. Here's my me Lake Selo. Yeah, no, my friend. Yes, sir. You know, it all wrong. I'm sorry to say, it's not about the spot. The real downfall of this society has to follow on all of the high needs of control in the media. Oh, the high needs of control in the media. Oh, the high needs of control in the media. Great. Okay. Thank you very much. Louis, Louis Furkin, do an a voice. The high needs are control in the media. How do you like that? I didn't know the media was in charge of our educational system. Of course, the media brainwashing the public. That's right. They're they be brainwashing them. The name of the book is farewell to God. The author is Charles Templar. Unfortunately, it's published by M and S publishing because this guy is a Canadian a by McClullon and Stewart in Toronto. And it's not available in the US, which is a very I don't understand why that is. Why the hell should this book not be available in the US? Damn it. But I will give you the number to call it's a expensive book. It's 30 bucks. It's a hardcover book. But it's well worth it because it's probably the most best investment anybody will make if they want to. If they want to immediately have not sooner have all the arguments that they're looking for. Although really we shouldn't have to argue because if you tell me there's a God, it's not incumbent about me to prove that there isn't. That's always the logic and reverse that the religious use. Oh, there's a little there's a little green monster on the ceiling there. Oh, yeah, well, prove that there isn't. Wow, well, I don't see it. Well, yeah, but how do you explain it right? So anyway, on the chapter called the God myth and this is very brief. But it's you know, just pick little passages from this. It's very well worth hearing. And Charles Templar, let me give the phone number first. It's area code 905. 713 3852. And you have to talk to the order department. There's a book number, but it's just too many numbers. 905. 713 3852 ordered department that aim at the book is farewell to God and the author is Charles Templar who says, Christians are a small minority in the world. Approximately four of every five people on the face of the earth believe in God other than the Christian God. The more than five billion people live on earth, the earth's reverberation of worship more than 300 gods. If one includes the animist or travel religious, the number rises to more than 3000. Are we to believe that only Christians are right? Christians need to remember that their beliefs came from the Jews. They inherited the concept of God from Israel and expanded to include the worship of Jesus of Nazareth as God. A practice most Jews, regardless, blasphemy. In New Testament times, the Jews were a relatively small group of Semitic people living mostly in a forbidding land at the Eastern end of the Mediterranean. It was there belief that their God was the only true God and that the gods worshiped by their neighbors were all false. Christians having superimposed on Judaism the Christian faith had the temerity to insist that there is only one God. There is, and that the God of every other people on earth are spurious. The Apostle Paul stated bluntly in a letter he wrote to the Christian community at a thesis. There was no other name under heaven given among men by which you may be saved for there is salvation in no other. Such insufferable presumption. And consider the implications. Paul is asserting that anyone in the world who does not worship his God is damn forever. But let comments says rule for a moment. It is reasonable to believe that if the creator of all earth and the father of all mankind wanted to reveal himself and his will to the men and women of the world. He would do so only to a tiny group of Mediterranean people leading the remainder of the world in ignorance. But many Christians do believe in Ticstus. They believe that apart from their God, all men and women live in pagan darkness. Indeed it is this conviction that provides the motivation for Christians and their efforts to get the gospel message. Even more incredibly, Christians believe that the failure to accept Jesus Christ is saved in order to be consigned to death at an endless hell. The implication of this belief is clear. It is that the vast majority of the men and women and children who have lived on earth are in hell suffering endless torment and will remain in this condition forever. To believe this is to make the Christian God a monster beyond imagining any intelligent human being will recognize that the concept is incredible. It is the clear teaching of the New Testament and a quote from that chapter by. And of course this guy was a was a Christian minister for 19 years. In Toronto and good buddy of Billy Graham who says this is full of crap. And finally came to his own conclusions and left the church and he's got a brain now and thanks for himself and his written the fantastic book. And he bunks very simply and very directly and very easily and very accurately all of this garbage, all of this kaka with the gods with their, the Jews with their god and the glam with their god, this one and the mussels. It's all about to ballooning and of course in this country where we got all these religious fanatics running around trying to stick superstition and gobbledy look into the school system. If we had as many people running around trying to teach learning something in the school system, we would have people in IQ bigger than the fingernails who would not be accidental questions. Let's go to a mobile and candle. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, how are you doing? I'm weak. I'm weak. My voice is weak. Like how much I can tell you need to just talk about that call. Yeah, I called his going away. It's just this audience. I'm weak. I'm worn out. I'm burning out for massals. I've been listening to you for a while and I haven't heard you kid. Nobody's asked. Yeah, I don't. I'm not an ass kisser. Yeah. I don't know you. Look, if I had a player on here and he's playing great, I would say you're doing a great job. Okay. But I'm not going to kiss somebody's ass just because they're on a certain team. What the point is that to you? But not only that we got so many other ass kisses in this town with L. I need to kiss ass for. You're right. You know, I think I am a hockey fan. I play the sport every week practically. Yeah. And regardless, they're not doing good. Oh well. But what is wrong with these people in this town? What has happened to this to the audience? What has happened to the people are supposedly support this team? They have not. They have locked you on out. They have nothing to say. I'm going to tell you something after today. I will never mention the H word on this show again. Ever. Oh, you got a lot of people that love the H word. That's not the same word. Have a great day, pal. All these hockey calls on playing. This my blank stuff and Bob Cole and Bill. He would have. What's one of my ways in my time for here? And I think there are people I know of course, then the rimman, you know, people up there shows. Yeah. People the only calls we used to get off the yard road. We get 10 million calls screaming and yelling complaining. Get this crap off the year. And the only calls we'd ever get are people wanted to free me. They stopped. That's right. Those shows were an abortion because the only thing people wanted We used to give away free tickets, panther t-shirts. It's just like the assholes in the stands when they throw those t-shirts up. But it's not only little kids that get hypervettling, even the adult is the arena. Hey, I wanted. They're like killing each other for a stupid guy than t-shirt. That's the epitome of the excitement in the arena. Please don't tell me it's because the players are sticking to it. I mean, a lot of those guys are trying. They may not be all that good. But a lot of those guys at least are going out there and giving them a shot. And compared to the first two years, which believed me, I remember that like it was yesterday. On our most colatose days, we're great compared to that Roger Nielsen garbage they were planned. Roger who? Well, the old coach. Oh, my god. I'm serious. I'm doing a show in Sanskrit. I'm in the middle of Siberia and I'm doing a goddamn show in Sanskrit. These people are like Greek. They're Greek. Correctome. That's it. And like I said, after they never, they hockey were there. You'll never hear another breath about it. Those people at tune in to hear about that on this show. Find a new home. Maybe you won't find anybody else in this town talking about it. And for good reason too, because even if they knew something about it, they'd be spinning their wheels. They'd be wasting their time. The trouble is, I believe this country has a poor, rich, young leadership. For that I've either checked and my the orders. Where can I make sure you are? No. What's best for you? Good man. I'll push you. Try to run our bodies. With that bold and fair mouth of pride, a knife. Good little Christians. You ain't there hate around. And power grabbing for a new turn, cry. Good little Christians. Ray Washington, there can grow up fully, being very tell-try. And power grabbing for a new turn. To the world, I'll never hear a word. Don't you do, Lord. They've just missed these checks from you. God, they're marketing too. Good little Christians. For giving him his good name, that's why they never have to tell that truth. Good little Christians. Now we do set for water. They've like to swap and swing and cheat on town. So many little Christians, throw tickets in a trap or down. From things of fire in the depths of hell. I don't care when we're on the ground. And we're on the ground. And we're on the ground. We got the Marlins and the Devil Reyes. Oh my God, the Devil Reyes. Remember all those Yahoo's in Tampa when they first, the Big-Soy. And there's another example of how sanity prevailed. Something as marginal as baseball as a game. And these Yahoo's over there, we have an nervous breakdown about the name. They were going to boycott the team. And they were going to force them to change the name. And they're still a guy named Tampa Devil Reyes. And because they're an expansion team, maybe they'll be a team that maybe the Marlins can compete with who knows. But there you go. Another example of narrow-minded people. Oh, you can't say that. Well, guess what they did. It's right on the uniform. It's a Devil Reyes. The Devil made him do it. Just like this bat this leader who said the Devil made him do it. The Reverend Henry Lyons and Vavalitovo donations. Largest religious groups, which charge Wednesday with transgressions. Generally associated with mobsters, rather than clergymen. Reckering in Grand Seth, state prosecutors charged Lyons, 55 of the same Peter's bird. All the Devil did make him do it. With engaging in a systematic scheme to steal at least $330,000 from several organizations and corporations, including the Anti-Defamation League of Jewish Group. Oh, I shouldn't be talking about that. This guy's black. Sorry. See, I'm asking. That's that racist thing and me coming out again. Put it back in. Okay. I'll put it back in. Come on. Just like when I was talking about the soccer game, I was talking about the traffic. There were some assholes calling it. Well, that's a racial thing, Mon, if it was about, I wouldn't give a crap where they were from. Okay. Take your soccer and blow it out your ass. If it was all the Dutch team on their time up the highway, then unless of course they were handing out free weed, because they got much better weed than the Jamaican. Yeah, yeah, they do. Here's a pay phone in for Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm up in Broward and I got the other red. I just to go along with somebody education thing. One of the main headlines today had to do about they have an equivalent fee test as you can't pass classes in school. And they grated them wrong. So, 67 or so, peak pupils who didn't pass got notified that they were passed. And they don't want to put these kids feeling right. So they passed. That's wrong. They've taken her pass from a equivalent fee test. Social promotion. Maybe that's what it that's what it'd be all about. We don't want to hurt nobody's feeling. They don't want people in school when they're 45 years old. Right. They're going to say much of the people who grated this. They probably failed at two man. And they did just another line of succession. Thanks for the good news, sir. You're dumbing of America like I told you. And here we got a bunch of bright kids who are like honor students, many of them. And oh, yeah, let's have more rest of it because we don't like this pamphlet. They wrote that was probably very, you know, was bizarre enough. Why still haven't seen it. Robert Stein back saw it. And like he said, he was ready to write a skating host, a column attacking those kids and how grotesque this stuff was. And he was responsible. And he saw it and he said, hey, someone was pretty amusing. And what's the big similar here? And cut the crap and don't be putting no kids in jail. They got guns if they're, you know, doing a little bit of abourine stuff. Then put their ass in jail. They're disrupting the goddamn class. Then kick them out of school and to spend them in an expelum. But I don't know as long as they don't say anything. We don't like them. We'll just keep passing them right along there. And give me diploma. See. And then like I said, we're going to all this surreal talk here today. So I've got to tell you what this is about. I've got to tell you that I look at this thing. And of course, this is my initial instinct anyway. It's not a racial issue. I mean, there's a lot of racial tensions a killing and high. And they've had a lot of problems over the last several years with race at Killion. I've had that. That's not what this is all about. And that's what people are turning it into, including assholes like our title Bomb at the Adial. This man, I'm going to tell you. Art title bomb to me is just beyond description. This town has got about a handful of people. And every time some issue comes up, they either go to Bob Cunston or our title bomb or some of these same old tired hacks that have been hanging around this town making a lifelong career of being Ojan provacaturum and that's basically all they are. Oh yes, this is very provocative and it's way beyond the line and we better investigate. Investigate what the hell is there to investigate? The revenge of the nerds, I mean in a bunch of cartoons in here. No, there seem to be a billion shoestores in this town but there's one that's way above the rest and that's brandy shoes in Pompano Beach. One night drive.... Back Low the night drive with twoeras dog up the distance with twoeras dog and those are my cage for the clowns. When strideboxalyst Cruelah It's white and blue, and it's green so it's dribbled like a sign It's a sweet through just a little bit the entrance It's a little bit in the bottom of the room Now it's thick, has a new clear You're perfect, though love and me I'm so true, boy, yeah, well Whoa, whoa, whoa I can't believe it I'm so happy, I'm so happy Day five, bro Now that I can't get it back up Everything's more than oil, it's cut You're a little bit more alone And I'm pretty much excited But it's just way too much better But if you just, they're not satisfied with this one Because it's a piece of an hour to kick in The Vibe Rapil, did you see the story on that? So now that, and this is a true story People are going to say, I'm making this up They're getting together, they're group of doctors And Pfizer and whoever else And they're going to have a wafer For instant within just a matter of minutes What you do is seriously, I'm not making this up You put the wafer in your mouth, you suck on it For just a short time, and it gets bigger And you have to go to your place for that And you say that kind of a wafer And I didn't say, who is going to be sucking on what? I say, you suck on it for a little while And it gets bigger And then getting back to the Vibe Rap Okay, here's the fact that his Peter Bouldier is a number one First class flaming asshole Well, we knew that And a liar, and a bullcraft artist And a no-nothing, and a corporate ass sucker And a real piece of turd That's right, we don't want the laurels Well, sure what is that, that's right You and Harry Peanus and Walter Sabol Have a great time with those old jingles And you're on board two by the way, throw him in there Throw him in the mix Here's Coral Jibble, Sillow Have a... Yes sir, how are you doing? Great Maybe if you want to hear an update on the Vatican into Yes Okay, actually this could be Just go down as the Roman version of the OJ Simpson incident They went down at the Vatican Yeah They've no fact in the church This kind of was murdered with Was the... At the office from Switzerland And he became... He was assigned to the day before At the highest officer for the Vatican Army Yeah And that was his first time for that That month in town Which town? Yeah, it became the highest ranking officer But the weird thing about this old situation was His wife Who happened to move from Venezuela Also was killed And there was a young officer Maybe 2223 Also found in the melee So And actually all of you there were three people killed So how about that? Kill my home They don't know yet Yes, they did Oh Okay, well he's gone Why don't you tell us who was? The newly appointed The dog done a catman The chief wolf Elhanerol of the Swiss Guard The newly appointed one The one that tried to save the pope When the last attempt on the night Was newly appointed One of the other Well, then there was some CNN right now They're showing the pope And they're showing this window And there's the other that there's the Harvey Oswald On OJek Rubie Yeah, and one of the other Swiss guards Been apparently had a problem Oh, we're seeing zero ray Oh, there's Rome I know where that is right there It's right by the Spanish steps There's a Rome That wasn't a Vatican That was right by the Spanish steps That seemed anyway Go ahead And there's Elvada Kano Kill the newly appointed captain See and his wife Yeah, I'm in shot himself For what? I guess he didn't like the guy Or maybe God told me So why do we hear about this? We got my story here with these ratings Coming up Is the big in your tummy about some Swiss guards over there And a guy who's over there Elvada Kano And a bunch of crazy glam over there And a Vatican like that's a new story Is that something new crazy glam And a Vatican Oh, come on Where you fudge back And start looking Oh, come on Oh, come on Oh, come on Oh, come on Oh, come on Oh, come on Oh, come on Oh, come on Oh, come on People are watching Women are covering They're green blue and blue But I'm not sure if Some say he's green left They're not going to talk Yeah, I'm not going to look at But I ain't looking Meant just to look to love That's all we'll do to love Just know who this just looks to love But why did we run in? I feel the mountains are there And he's got a really big 12-throw Oh, come on The queen is belated house He's got a really big 12-throw A fish in front of the house He's got a really big 12-throw And I can make nirvana's kitchen shouts He's got a really big 12-throw A fish in front of the house Oh, right I'm really pleased with some of the most Good thing you're finishing in this In my life, I may have to go my friends You're somebody else I'm really pleased with you This is a good one Oh, come on I'm speechless Sam our promotion man was just in here And he said let me take a look at that picture of Enrique in the magazine there He was looking at the picture saying he looks pretty good He was telling me the story about what I was on What am I many many trips during the seven months that I was doing the limbo rock Between stations and Enrique's concert was coming up at the Miami arena Which I was also a lot of time that we committed to a place And there were very distraught about that But the first time that they called the house my mother Was at the house dog sitting And I thought it was in Enrique's secretary The girl from the office who called And because George said the maid, oh and Enrique called the house Offering you tickets for the concert And but I beat by the boop out of the house Come to find out that he was they were on a speaker phone and that his Secretary made it in place to call But he was sitting there listening And when my mother was at cancer the phone he was too embarrassed Like say well, you know his knee like what he didn't know what to say How come he just didn't say They were good I am so psychotic at this point in my life I don't know I just don't think I can continue Go home Really? And for all the knocking that he's done of Enrique He's like, oh I would like to be him You'd like to be him Yeah You'd like to be him specifically You'd like to be him just like Oh you said you'd like to be him don't try to retract it now Mr You'd like to be him you'd like to be in his body Could I stay right? Could I maintain my sexuality Well what does that mean? Are you saying that Enrique is some kind of a fruit cake? He's Latino. He's a real Latin man Okay, he likes anything that feels that is standard Like I said Believe me. We have an open line in date 567560 and pound 560 on the mobile one line So I missed that blue my chance baby. I blew it Here's Cooper city hello Hello? Yes sir. Yeah, I mean Hey, my name is Donald right And I mean listen to your read it piece of advice We don't do names for those names There's only one personality on the show We don't do names you know? Sir, I'm listening. Are you listening to what I'm saying? I'm sorry. Are you aware that? Well the only way to hear what I'm saying is to stop talking and listen I said we don't do names on this show There's only one celebrity on the show and you're talking Okay, okay, all right, get to chatter so it's at the back Man, I think what your read of station is going down man You need to stop both free in the new read of station All right, and get a life So this is the number one show in town I'm going to read a station right What? What radio station? 11 17 FM So the what do you listen to? So what do you listen to? Instations. Are you being helped? How efficient is somebody holding you hostage? What's he taking listen right now? You're going to be finally if somebody is forcing you to listen right now You need to shut up Okay, so the question is somebody forcing you to listen? No, but I mean why are you? Turn on a station you like okay Or better yet get on a banana boat and go back where you came from all right Yeah, thank you Another geek One of our kind of a little brown curry drives Here's a mobile and higher Leah, hello Hello, yes, I am. Hi, Neil. How are you? I was listening to you were saying that women don't call I didn't say that. I said women don't listen and they also don't call But they don't listen. Do a lot of friends That's the answer. They must be in the closet I'm bad to call I'm not I'm not. I love your show. Good for you. And all my friends listen Let me tell you thank God. Oh, by the way, let me tell you something Um, I'm not a fag. Doesn't for it, Blake. I want to say that those guys are always in Then I think I want to say don't or you have a fag. You I think you he used to be a Boy Scout. Yeah You probably start something on this record because he sure looks like a fag coming. Okay Yeah, but every time especially with the corn cob all bored No, they told me he was a boy. You know what they say about Boy Scout You know, you know, and you know, and you know, and we can't go Yeah, he does look like. Let's go over and see him I'll get today. Okay, sweetheart. Bye bye. Bye bye. Well, there you go We got a nice lady there in Highly and she's dying to get out of that place But of course they won't let her out and thank God we have no poverty. Remember that Later I read that today about no corruption and no poverty in Highland That was one of those God people. Another one of those crazy God people Religious nuts peddling bull crap. Let me say it again. There's a thousand people live in the Vatican. There's like four or five Million people live in Rome. There's only a thousand people live in the Vatican including the Pope and all his boyfriends And then it's a country It's a country and they got their own little army there. They got to swish guard with their little Dresses and their cute little outfits That's right. They have to you know they have to swing the right way in order to get in that outfit. You know what I'm talking about? They have to swing just exactly the right way They're not back in the church No, they're all busy at the Vatican City. They're not in the church They're all busy at the Vatican you know catering to the needs of all those guys in their dresses How is it possible that there are still people so stupid that they're lending tangible tangible to support to corrupt horse crap like that? Is it ever gonna end? No, here's Miami. Hello. Meal. Yes sir. How you doing? I'm doing the Carlos New listener first time call. When is Diaz Carlos? How you doing by? Great. I'm talking here. I heard you talking about education and all that stuff. You know I'm from Jersey, you know and well, they don't have any there either Well, so I'm not better than down here. Yeah, I mean, you know the teacher for the racial is about one thirty five kids for teacher. Yeah, I mean that's like a real bummer. Yeah, well we're too busy building stadiums Carlos. We don't care about no education. I guess that's great. We're not a place for kids or people about an education. It's a place for people over the age of a hundred. Who want to go to early bird dinners and a place for people that like Wayne with a bald head. Right. That's all. That's what nobody will happen at. That's what this place is. It's an outdoor funeral parlor car. Right. Have you been here long enough to finger that out? Well, I like it though. It's a pleasure. The weather is pleasant, but other than that, this place is the end of the universe. This is hell. This is a forget to rate. Right. This is where you go just before they send you to Trenton. Holy sh**. Right. You know, if this, if this yellow button were seated any lower in here, I certainly hope it did work that time. Didn't it Joe? Joe? Joe Mama? Joe's out eating pizza lock or something. Well, now I'm just saying that this dump button is seated so low in here that even if you push down on it with all the might of an airy elephant, it, you really can't be sure if it's doing anything. We don't want to get George Corso involved because we know he's very, very busy. Fiction Bob McAze here piece. The advances and the phenomenal growth and technology that keep in the future is still going to be people. The demand for individuals with high tech skills has reached an all-time high with no end in sight. So now is the time for you to invest in yourself. Where do you want to be in the year or two years from now? If you're not happy with making seven to eight dollars an hour, then take the first step to improving your future by becoming a microsoft, certified systems engineer with training at fast train. $35.63 That's an asshole celebration, and their ball-eyed homes dream. See them on the sidewalk over here that Chucklenerenei. the We got the asshole freedom. That whole man, asshole for Jesus. The asshole for guns. That whole for justice. That whole crime. That whole asshole, asshole. That whole asshole, asshole, all crime. On T fucking on through. Sading our job. Everyone's got HP. And still some water. A tang. A tag. A sign that sounds like a中共 cannon. That held in the hay. trouble knows I've heard it's good, and I know that so never died It just made me feel lonely I've told them all that And so everything, and no shit was there And then I told them to pray That 20,000 miles of miles away And I told them to pray It's a different type of good And you go to live and have no control I thought that was a fan you're just wondering what a Franco Well, only for people who travel Okay, I would like to talk to you today about what is such a purest animal country Yes sir, take all the time you want Thank you We are with very few people know or think about We are the only Protestant sectarian country in the world And the Protestant sects and the spiritual sects And the church Yeah, the Protestant sects and the country The Protestant sects and the country The Protestant sects Oh, sex, sex, yeah, sex Yeah, they differ from the church religions of Europe The church religions of Europe are usually state-related They're hierarchical You're supposed to obey the vicious or the priest or whatever you're supposed to obey the Bible By the old tool, God Yeah But these religions in Europe believe an original sin that people and institutions are inherently inferior And they shouldn't get sent out of shape when they do something wrong That's just the way they are Now the Protestant sects in this country Our congregational, they're not hierarchical Yeah, the hierarchical Okay, yes The priest is an employee of the church You're supposed to read the Bible and make up your own mind about it And whatever you make up your mind up to be you're morally obligated to carry it out But probably the most important thing here is They don't even know Like a French guy that likes little kids that are Franco pedophile Go ahead, I'm sorry They don't believe me I'm just trying to spice up what is a, you know, I envy you And I'll get in touch but it's common to see you know I'm saying It's a thing Probably, yes Yeah, they're the point in the original sin They believe so what? What is the point of all of this though? I mean, it's obviously you're preaching the choir here What's the point? Well, they believe in a perspective ability The people religious people here believe in perfect The ability that you must not send Yeah, at all Yeah, and this man is perfect to tell for all kinds of ways in our society Well, thank God we got a president who's straight in them all out Thank you What the, how was he talking about? Man, he was from Lake Worth, well that's a plan to do He was talking about hierarchical cramps But he was right, Franco phobia I like that Franco phobia That's like Franco Americans spaghetti Here's Kendall, hello Neil, yes, what are you doing? Great, I'm a 22 year old male And I'm a little disappointed in the younger females in this town Not being one of the main groups listening to your show So to get them to these girls back I want to think a quick excerpt from the Titanic song in this Spanish Okay, okay, got a note, Jay and me swanios Te veo te siento Asia scomote miro Seguir Croando espacios Igual que yo Tu vené a verme en seguir Personudiano aquí Cerca Lejón Estés donde estés Thank you And I'm kind of like Oh my god Quickly, I want to ask you a new panters arena But they can have a shloi in there? Yes, okay, great, thank you Oh yeah And a scoogans too We have an open line in day That was special, wasn't it? I'm a cong, you get a little favor Oh, here we go Where's that? Where's the number is that? I love that, good I'm what's show one is that on You ever want to talk to them about? Yeah, you don't like that one? Yes, great, I love it Called sit and so long Sit and I sit and so long Is the one Before even the romance of a cruise ship I never got lucky in a cruise ship I mean, only person who never got lucky in a cruise ship Hello, bring my little friend of flex I want you I think is it for I've seen that something's wedding I'm sorry I've been to the top corner It's a crazyness And go over The movie's almost like God or where it depends That stands back at my husband Oh, it's almost like The birds, time outside I'm not in your mind Oh, it's a good thing The same was so was northern I've been sitting so long I've done her right Besides of two or one I can't wait for the two That too come out I can't wait for the movie to end So I can watch it again. And again. And again. And again. My inflatable body over the edges. So my love will go on. And now. My world will go on. My guy will be a bit stuck. But I can't resist. It's stuck. But I can't resist. I can't stand it. I have a feeling. I'm going to be a dip in a some fish food soon. What? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? I'm going to do a little bit of a dive. Yeah. I'll also show you a Mr. Hachan. Not as quick. Oh, I got to tell you great story about that. 1973. I'm working at WSPB in Sarasota. And my landlord was this kind of like I would say 45 to 50 ish kind of a nerdy guy. He was okay. And he was just a little on the eccentric side. And he kept every time I get into any kind of conversation that run into him. He would start talking to me a try to come out. Well, you know, I'm not worried about dying because they're coming up with all these great figures for everything. And by the time I'm in my 70s, they'll have a few people who live forever. Guess what? He did. He did. All right. Hold that lot of you, Mr. You're dead. See ya. That's right. When I dig his ass up, I'll be. I'll probably be living back there in Sarasota. Hey, how are you doing, Doc? Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. You mean the guy is that work, or I hope you could elaborate on something first? Yes, sir. Lori Holt. Yeah. Is it? Well, what? You guys don't know what glory holds are. Oh, yes. Lori Holt. Yeah. You throw it out so fast that we don't know the proper, um, what it contains to it. Polls and the star walls or is it for? Or is it holes in your one? Is it someone to put hole? Well, that could be a part of it. That would be inside the glory hole. But both of them could be contained as, as one such. A glory hole. I mean, a hole is a hole is a hole. And you got to see the hole thing. You know, I'm talking about the hole picture. Right. The hole picture is you got to, you got to get your pneumatic drill. And you got to drill a hole. And at the, uh, mahogany and that hard wood and that cement, whatever is in, I said, cement with the teeth. And that's a glory hole. All right. So it doesn't matter what you're looking at on the other side, right? Right. It could be somebody sitting or looking at rhymes with sitting, right? That's right. All right. Now, I'll slide. We clear that up. Okay. Hope you find a good one. Yeah. Like they don't know what a glory hole is, right? We know what you're doing in your spare time. You're looking for glory hole, right? And like I said, that they do glory holes in the ladies' restrooms. Something to think about. Wonder if anybody ever got a tongue-cut in the glory hole, huh? Well, you remember Ellie Brecker brought in that tongue in a package that day? Maybe they're just trying to test some lunch. Maybe that's what those guys are trying to do, too, huh? Oh, God. Now he's going to come up with these two-state jokes. When you just cut the crap, stop it. Stop it right now. Please, okay. Here's a mobile in Hailea, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I don't know. Okay. Okay. Can I have a talk about NFX? Yes. Am I, sir? Okay. Can I have a talk about NFX? Yes. Am I, sir? Okay. I had a girlfriend, a Q1. And she tried one. She loved it. But once you tried, I could put her in a free-gut up to my, you know, with spurs. That's what you call it. And they don't like it at all. Can we be a women from the mini-camera public to retains Q1, especially way into that. Stop talking about them. Not much. Central American deafening. It's a table. But Q1 is probably the mini-cens. They love it. They have the big bucks for something. They use it. All right. All right. Thanks for the good news. Congratulations on the big numbers. Thank you so much. And thank you for your big numbers, too. Hey, you know it. All right. I'll put on the on the side. Yeah. See all you people are wondering why Q1 women have those big fat-round asses. Now you understand. Round and firm and fully packed. Underlined of course, the fully packed part. I mean, are you going to go back into this again? Were you fudge back in? No way. Not this girl. Oh man. How do we get started on that? That one poor innocent guy. Oh, don't a small, awful, dirty down there. Oh, yeah. I don't know. You tell me. All you had a sexual macho guys. You tell me what it smells down by the old rectum. Tell me. I don't wait for him. Yeah. I believe you. Oh, man. It must be like the middle of almost the middle of May. I'm actually the lilacs and the tulips are really blooming. Like up in Rochester now. At Cobb's Hill in Durantees, men park. Oh, yeah. Just like a beautiful woman's rectum. Right, though. So anyway, this story about father-rugs. We've got to get into this tomorrow. I have a lot of time on it. Father James Porter. One good thing. Thank God about this. He didn't discriminate. He liked little girls and little boys. He liked, you know what I'm saying? He's threaded around. He's no fact in the church. Thank God for father-porter. He didn't discriminate. We don't like no priest who discriminate. And it says he had a manic obsession for sex with young children for the three years that he was there. No child was safe. It seemed that he was everywhere. And his office he forced his fingers between the legs of eight-year-old girls. And the classrooms he ended up slavering birthday. Because pushing his tongue into the mouths of ten-year-old boys as the uninsharger burdened her eyes. In other words, look the other way. While somebody in the background whispered. Did they look back in the church? Huh. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello? Yes, man. Hi, I'm calling because my boyfriend says that you have a table of go-jakes, but you know about the murders. Yeah. I was just wondering if you would play that for me? Yes, I can. Thank you. And have a great day. Can I ask you a question while I'm looking for it? Sure. Do you, uh, I don't want to get to a personal. Do you enjoy anal sex? No, I don't. Okay, thank you. You're welcome. Okay, man. I may not play that for you now. Okay, so I'm letting you do that step back. Because you know a sail, but three-by-fold. You know, in a loyzen, we'll see what they're like. I can look food, that doesn't mean. I tell you, man. I'll do a crazy. We're selling around. I didn't do no loyzen. I know what they're like. I didn't do no loyzen. I'm selling around. And you sell it with a bowl of noodles. You know what they call them? It's a cannabis. You know, bubbles are there. They don't want to. They don't want to do no loyzen. So what I want to do with that? You know, I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. I don't want to do no loyzen. What was you trying to say? I can't do it. Hello. Listen. You're always talking about black people. You're always talking about religious, you know, religious, about women. And when you talk something about yourself, you'll be for ****ing. Okay. I guess I will be doing that tomorrow. When you're feeling lucky, why not make a beeline for Hollywood Seminole gaming? I'm not going to do that. You've hit a lot of people. You've hit a lot of people. You're a lot of people. You're a lot of people. You're a lot of people. You're a lot of people. You're a lot of people. You're a lot of people. You're a lot of people. You're a lot of people. See that's another thing. I always complain we don't have enough jails. We don't have enough prisons in the US. The US has a higher percentage of its population in jail or prison than any other so-called civilized country in the world. Well, if they'd let all the people out who are like in there for, you know, it's having a few joints. All the people who are in prison for victimless crimes. If they put them all out, we'd have plenty of them. We wouldn't have to waste any more money, build them more prisons, and if they would keep them in there. Like that rumors come back. They'd let out a couple of weeks. We'll not be a hockey guy, not him. Different rumors. With two M's. The guy that, you know, went to the electronics store and off the couple of people, a couple of kids. Because his probation officer, I'd have a good workload and she just has a habit of letting everybody just on the loose. But we don't have any serious commitment toward this. There is no serious commitment. We don't care about this. And as long as they leave us alone, like Howard Beale said, as long as it isn't us, we don't give a flying crack. There's a lady mobile in Western. Hello. Hi. Good morning, Neil. I've got a few things to comment. Okay. Number one, only in America, did this shit happen? Okay, don't show you a crack again. Okay. Number two, this kid is old enough to be tried as an adult. Yeah. But I don't know how you feel about the dead penalty. I like it. This is the kicker. Yeah. He's old enough to be tried as an adult. You will be. But he's not old enough to go for the dead penalty. Mm-hmm. Go take care. Yeah. And that last thing which will bring this small deal face and you'll play a crack out. This is medical news that just broke out. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. All the women who are PM-Messon, the gynecologist came out with something so they won't get cramps. He puts a battery in the box of, uh, they're going to be sold by boxes. It's a vibrating tampon. Oh, right. I've seen that. They're waiting for FBI approval. In fact, you're quite, I'm fact Jeff Colner's going to be first in line to get him. And I for his wife either. I just fell off the couch and it means reported days. But now we're going to have a bunch of women walking around town with the vibrator. There. Well, you think you were falling off the couch now just wait till it comes out. I know we're going to have a lot of car accidents. They're going to ditch their husband and they're going to be ragging for the whole month. At least to keep him busy in the car anyway. Have a great day. Thanks. Bye-bye. Okay, if you just see that, all the crazy things that people do in cars now. How about a pencil fin, anal vibrator with every new car? Uh, sure make Jeff Colner happy. He's heavy duty in those pencil fin. Brake dome vibrators. And he's just a ladies and arrow. Well, I know. We got trailer part like I took it to the straight couple days ago. About the woman in Walgreens with the two little kids running around. I mean, just tracking the place. Just destroying ripping stuff off registers and just opening up all kinds of crap and turning on the floor oblivious. So when you turn on shows like you're experimenting, you think, boy, they're sure going to run out that trailer park trash pretty. So it's probably don't worry. There's an endless supply because they're reproducing like rabbits. And the meantime here in Miami, they're at doing acid attacks on abortion clerics. That's what we'd be doing because we love those fetuses. With those people, by the way, are the same ones, the right wingers who are hysterical about abortions. The same ones who are the gun lovers. And the same ones who don't keep a flying crap about the kids that got murdered yesterday. Or any other kids once they're born. They are fetus huggers. They're hugging their gun with one hand and they're hugging their fetus with the other. Don't shoot it. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hey, echo kneel. Yes, man. Finally, honey after three years of time to get you. Well, here I am. I know that. I haven't had an open line in three years. And in Kendall too, honey. Huh. Yeah, and I'm living in the Kendall area. And I'm still trying to figure out where to help on that. Yeah. We'll send you a roadmap. I know I need one. And it compass. I know I haven't tried to tell you. Well, how do you end this road? An upenciled in eight or five, right? From the feet of the. Exactly. Oh, hi. I would love that. All right. That's right. And um. Just calling you, just give it thumbs up. And it's in the mail suite, aren't you? Ooh. I'll take it. Let's see. Um. I didn't go eight my advising. I just felt like I had to say that. I'm just telling you to tell me all. And I'm a case. Sounds like it. If you're a dress, you want to stop by in a weekend. Get some good stuff for the holiday. We'll come on. All right. Hey, no, case. I would take care of you. I've got an empty room here. I think this lady's got the really good. Yeah. That's right. Oh, good. I need that. I haven't sh**ed three weeks. Oh, the best call in the history of the human race. Not just of this show. And that's just talk radio. That was the best phone call. Even Alexander Graham Schwartz would be impressed with that. That was go home now. I got to take. Oh, God. I need a good land. It pains me. Here's a mobile and coral spring. Hello. Hey, Neil. God. I got a great. Uh, Jeff Bush is. Speaking of my son, don't mention. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to ask you a question. And Jeff Bush is speaking in my son's elementary school today. Oh, God. I sent it to the close. Oh, my God. Exactly. Get those cards ready. Yeah. I sent him the class with a question because my son will probably get to ask this question. I said it when you become or if you become a leader, you know, governor of the state of Florida. And we all leave you out. Are you going to make abortions illegal? So we have a conversation about abortions and one of the is in this format. And that will kind of rock us. You think it's going to cause some mess. Oh, boy. All right. You wait to read the papers because my son will probably ask the question. Yeah. And it'll be some kind of file. I'll get a letter home today with him or something. Have a quick one. Do this. One thing about Jeff Bush. He makes daddy look like a raising liberal. Oh, he's unbelievable. Yeah. And he will become the next governor here unless we do something. We have to get up. Get active and say, don't vote for this guy. He's bad news. Amen. And as far as the Marlins, I haven't taken my son. To baseball game in two years. I've not been to Blockbuster video in two years. And my family knows that Wayne H. Zingus is a bad man. Okay. And that's it. Have a great day. Very weekend. Thanks. Yeah. You should teach all your kids that. Okay. If you want to teach them good and evil stuff like that, forget about God in the devil. If you want to teach them good show on my picture, even though it's ugly. If you want to teach in bad show on his way in, Wayne's picture, or I've got at least a better complexion. And a little more here. Mobile and highly. Hello. Hello. Good. Yes, sir. How are you doing, buddy? I'm a large marginal. It's a marginal Monday man. You're okay. Look. I'm just kind of putting my two cents in about the anal thing. Yeah. My wife loves it. And I don't consider myself gay just because I like to give it to her. Yeah. You thought I'd let you know. You don't consider yourself gay. No. No. But the way you say that like somebody might. No, because you fudge back him. Yeah. I'm not fudge back. Well, I'm packing her. Yeah. But you know, you had a couple guy saying that you're gay. If you'd like to give it to a woman and direct them. That's what I heard. Anybody that's in the will rectum is a faggance. Yeah. That's a fag thing. Well, we'd like to make the form all on ourselves in the rectum. Hello. I'm listening. No, no, no, no. Why would I do that? Well, no, just because you're just me. Just when we're getting to the meat of the matter, I think I'm going to cut you off. Yes. In fact, Dr. Mark was just and he was just no. He said that that's the outgoing slot. He said no more anal sex. He just gave that order for all people in Sanford and no more no more. Okay. Maybe one more time. Maybe one more. Just this one last time. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Can you do one more thing for me, Neil? Sure. My wife is the first time I make her listen to you. Yeah. And she's never heard back by. Okay. How did I know that? So now he's got on the anal sex. Now he's trying to move on to bigger and better things. Okay. Good idea. You're a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah. I'm a big concerned about the anal sex issue. You're concerned about anal sex. You are. I've been asking this guy for two years. Yeah. And he's continuing to expand his family through. He continues to express his anal. Yes. He usually is anal as well. I thought that was what he wants. He continues to express his preference by his current. And I'm a big concerned that he might be concerned about the others.