What's in number again? This is Sports Radio 560 QAM. Sports Radio 560 WTOM. Miami for Lutterdale presents the Neo Rogers show. We're talking to Neo called 560-560 toll free for data railroad or pound 560 on yourself. Okay. Opinions of Neo. His guest's colors are anyone else on the show? Do not necessarily reflect those of WTOM. The UAM, B's Lee Reed Acquisitions, or the B's Lee Brood. Roll, roll, roll, roll, roll. Neo Rogers, on Sports Radio 560 QAM. She takes orgasms. I take four points. A ride. Everybody be on your best behavior, boss and boss is in the building. The UAM moves around when I go to my mobile, and the third tool. I'm the toilet seat, I swing and swing. To the mobile be the radio place. So, we download and I'm all through the rules for just one thing. I got a tissue room. What is the name of it, the favorite song I mean? Like to make my hiding nice and clean. I don't have to push, I make good control when I move inside the side. I have to boil it, bowl, I never have to spray, it's a cloud hole. It looks a little like a 2-0. I wait until the last, it's way to the right. For seeing the green sheet, you can't tell you why. I don't be arguing, calories, and the other gets a big red ring. That's why the track guy wouldn't have juicy and third-side enough fun when they do it with the bomb. So moving up or two. Hey, let me out. No one's a man, but, oh, no one's a whale in here. Shut up and stop it. And I'm telling you, how can I get out? That'll still have five, six, and you're happy Tuesday, too. Do you believe me? No. Happy Tuesday, too. It's going to be a great day today. I'm going to spend four hours on the win, Winnic, today. Seriously, you know, Halloween time always brings out the evil witch. Doesn't it? It's not a win supposed to be about the evil witch, is it? Uh-huh. And Gremlin's in Goblin and disgusting, rotesting, black cats, things like that. Any evil witch is like the win, Winnic. See, I'm sure that many of you work, you know, for a living. And you work in places where maybe there's some people you like, some people you don't like, but there's always one that stands up. And we have many here. In fact, you know, it would be an interesting thing. Maybe we will pass out ballots tomorrow morning. After Bob Demuth goes back over to West Coast, we'll be going to want to do it today because it gives you a parent's like, you know, making trouble stuff like that. Before I get into this, about what we're going to do tomorrow morning, I don't want to see if we got any pussy's over there on the worst team. And we do appreciate the sandwiches, by the way, guys. Although, you know, we want to get in so many sandwiches because they had to have a place to hide the food. Is that kind of embarrassing to you? The fact that they had a, like, I don't want to make it was, from Boris head. I don't want to mention his name on here. The problem is huge. I get a tray of all these great little, a medium O-chase. And they are good, too, by the way. Thanks a lot. From Boris head. I don't want to put his name on here because he's a puts chronic collar in a jet span. But nevertheless, so they got this, you know, I walked in there to Donnie B to try to cheer him up a little bit. And I see this enormous tray of all these little sandwiches. What we already had some sandwiches from Atlantic City subs this morning, which we thank them for, usually, literally, and Hollywood, our close personal friend. But since these were sitting there, I thought, well, you know, why to help not? And they turned out to be still warm and delicious. Mmm. Nicely important. Yeah, lean pork. And not too much here. That Cuban horse meat. There he is. That was him. Really? Just enough to flavor it up. And so anyway, I have one of the, I tell Georgia, I lure him to the fact that there's more free food in there, which we're always scoping out. And next thing, you know, Georgia's opening up the door here in his room. And I see him come back in here. He's got the whole thing. Which I thought, nice work if you can get it. And the reason that Georgia had to bring all those sandwiches back in here was because the morning guys, those big, macho guys, including the former Jack. Mr. Bighead, they're so, they're so, they're so much, you know, I guess he'd have to spend it again. Is that it? Oh, especially now that our cry baby PD is back. He'd have to want to get suspended again. The reason that they wanted the food out of there is because Bob Demuth, who's our corporate engineer from over on the West Coast, a real classy guy, kind like the beesleys, although a better dresser but not much. He's in the building today. Are we impressed by that? No, no, do we care? No. But they don't want to see them. It would food in a control room because then he'll go back over to Naples and snitch on him to the beesleys. Does that sound like kindergarten he all over again? See this audience, I'm telling you no matter how much I talk about this stuff. They've got to believe them making it up. Boy, that meal, he's your got to 50, no more. I didn't hear the crap he's coming up with. It's all true. I know it's scary. But if you survive all the grossed and grimlands of Halloween, you can survive this too. We're trying. It's all true. So we have to, we're, we're hoarding the sandwiches in here. And they're coming in here. In fact, those, those three, they're the morning show. I've never been in here that much since we've been up here in March. We came up here in, in and out, in and out, in and out. Even Jeff Cohen never saw as much in and out as we saw their last half hour. During your 20 minute break, getting sandwiches, which we're, we're, have more than happy to hoard their food and eat a little extra two while it happens to be in here. How many we got left about 200? And boy, they're a great, and a microwave. Oh yeah, the cheese melts again on those madey, no cheese. And those are really good. Thanks again. Oh, poor, I said. Yeah, I'm not going to mention his name. Rhymes with Bicci, which brings me back again, of course, the What's your name? Oh, yeah, we got to load on finally on Ed Golftrum. And I'm going to do four hours on people that play golf today. You know, I'm, in fact, I'm going to save this thing about the, because I don't want you to start with all your anti-Jew propaganda again. I'll say that for tomorrow. Oh, seriously, I want to talk about people, assholes that play golf. You know, one of the reasons that people play golf. One category of people who play golf, name droppers. I played golf with the other day. I don't want to mention anybody on this station. You stay in this for doing that. Oh, yeah, so until the company town. That was, yeah, let's call up so until I get us, you know, get us around to golf for tomorrow because so it, because, it's coming to town. Name droppers play golf. That's what we were talking about doing that this morning. What's that? That's under where you're talking about name dropping. He's out of town. You want to know what it is. Oh, okay. So you can't start. You can't start soon enough, can you? Why don't you wait till the team goes back to town? Then you can knock your best close friend, Rimmer. He also likes to go out and play golf and say, oh, I played golf with a rate. Winnie this morning. I was playing golf with, you know, with the, I'm feeling a blank, you know. No, see, in Rimmer's case, it's more like filling in the blank time because he basically has no life. So that's, I understand that. But there are a lot of people who do it as an end. And like I've just told you before, I don't mind. If you're, if you're really that bored and you have to bond with a guy's. And go out and have 30 or 40 beers. I, you know, it's okay, I guess, to once and while go out and play around a golf. But people who are obsessed with golf. All I can say about them is, Ehh. That's sick. You just, you put me into a coma. And wait till you find out, the whole, this whole thing with his golf term is with his charity golf stuff. It's a scam anyway. It's a big scam. First of all, the place doesn't donate, at least in this particular case and take it all of the information I, they don't donate to golf course for the day. And maybe they reduced the fees, the greens fees. I don't know what it ordinarily would be like at a log on more. But we had 110 players at 42 bucks each. So cost 46 hundred bucks just up front for the guys to, for the 110 people to play golf that day. So what's the big sentence with that? People who play golf. And by the way, how campaigns store it was so important that he made like the whole front page and hours and hours and hours. Or here's that awful video again by the way. Would Nick and Matt from the young in the morning. Oh, give it a rest guys. Come on, put your clothes back on. People are starting to talk. But nevertheless, how come Walter Paten not only one of the greatest football players and athletes in history is only 45 years old, but a guy who was loved by everybody. One of the really, I mean, at the time when there's so many scumbags in sports, here's the guy you couldn't say anything bad about him if you wanted to. One of the real gentlemen, a great human being. He dies at the age of 45, terminal cancer following his liver disease, and it's like on the side of the paper there. And I realize it's only going to take a year and a half to sort out the thing with this Egyptian air plane crash. So they got to spend all other time crapping around on that. Yeah, water paint and he gets like two minutes here and a minute and a half there. Chequos back to this golfing again. I got a break to this year. I don't care about pains toward. They may sound very insensitive. If not pleasant when anybody dies, especially a horrible death in a plane crash, especially at the age of 42. But like the old song goes, I don't care. How's that song go? I don't care. No, I really don't. Do you care about painstower time be honest with me? Do you really care? I still don't know who the hand is. The one nickers he wore nickers and so in his golf turn, they just had this last weekend, which I have no idea what it was. Most of the guys do where we're in nickers in his honor. Yeah, that's called. Yeah. It's a good thing he didn't wear bloomers, you know. But water paint and dies and even you care about water paint and die. You don't even know who he is. You wouldn't know water paint and from Sandy Payton. Right, exactly. Either one of them. Yeah, but you do care. Yeah, because he was a good guy. I care a lot. See, there you go. I have a tier excellent. Come on, Doug. He's cheering up already. I'm fact I bet you, Doug, was all emotional about this come back on a plane from New Orleans from that Halloween weekend. 10 past 10 at 5. 60 W to QM. I got all the information about that. Goal turn about about the tremendous tremendous. Longest for the seeds that we finally embarrassed them and maybe someday given a center one. Another QAM scandal here. In fact, maybe Bob Demuth can take back water to this scandal. The fact that the reputation of this company is going right to the old toilet because of the way that they do business, especially our sales manager, screw and winnick. We want to size the screw everybody else part and quit messing with my sponsors too. I graduated by the way screw and quit calling up and bitching everybody out. Bitch. It's 11.5 to 10 at QM. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission. No, WQAM easily reads as position court. This is a call on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. It's good by Mayor Nina. You won't be in this town. Neither will your commitment to see about everything. Reals that dying off along the door your boat. Don't cry, but back in chat with you too much. But they say, can't be because in any other city you will realize your tiny decision of big. You can't be a big guy. I'm five, I'm one of the five, I'm going to give you a few words to me. I'm just wondering if we can collect it all. Some of our ballads are on the building. 73 ballads, it's unanimous. 73 all said the evil one is a fucking bitch who won when it comes to sales manager. You're not having the most evil one of them all in the building. Not everybody's perfect, but she's a perfect evil bitch. Perfect. So, trouble making obnoxious, debious, noxious dvs dangerous picture collecting blackmailing bitch so here's the low down here's the skinny is they say why do they say that by the black can't stand people say things like that here's the skinny it always to say that carry some of you to say that on the cbs morning show and he's long gone off of their and he replaced them in a goddamn brine come like this show you say things like that if you say stupid cliche written crap like here's the skinny on the fire ass and is there really so too I like Terry he was okay but he should never said that especially sitting next to that fat market human anyway so we have all the look at us we got pages and pages and that you nice go on air crisp read and spot of his lineage what are I tell you about your lineage doesn't mean anything he's one of the few people in the building it doesn't he worked at has any idea what's going on and isn't the freighter bought the move but at well I guess he can afford not to be afraid of anybody but his uncle uh you know is the boss but at any rate he's a good guy got me all the information about that ill-fated oj golf tournament wasn't the oj golf tournament of the center wall whatever was supposed to be and like I said I read this letter from Tracy Caracetor to Carol our good friend Carol at center one and then I take a look at this thing and remember Hank was talking to us about this about 10 days ago on the air about golf tournaments are big wasted times for us on raises and by the time you get with all the expenses there's almost never anything left over absolutely correct comfort right on target like I said it cost $4620 just for the green fees for 110 people of participated and by the way most of you 110 people you're not full on me the reason we don't hear from those people like some people said yesterday they'll care whether proceeds went they just wanted to go out there and smooth with done struck and with spot web and scooter my gruter whoever the hell they were not the only reason I mentioned spot web and scooter my gruter what kind of a name is that scooter my gruter is that get fees it's his 80 bucks so I'm assuming each got $40 this any can anybody in this audience tell me who is spot web or scooter my gruter oh are they and they're the only two people that got paid for being there according to this so to make a long story short by the time they got through the cost of this would they pay the dolphins cheerleaders 200 bucks also to appear and check their booties the expenses were 7477 bucks the income taken in from the fees that the people paid to play and the money taken in on the day of the term in 16 at $600 90 dollars according to this so basically they lost 777 bucks something like that they lost but they also raised money with that silent auction and then of course some people that I want to mention Luan and Philistre water not see they arbitrarily decided they're that they were going to sell raffle tickets for the American Cancer Society in honor of the sales guy from a power ninety six would die the week before they just arbitrarily decided so there was another eight her bucks so they're total of $2,530 raised in cash so at least 17 I'm sorry did you tell me all of that is going to go to set up one now that what you said that's what I was told yesterday after my tie radius today and go and a shot on the year and screaming and yelling and right to leave so about the way this whole thing was missile see the bottom line of this you realize how much pleasant there all of our lives could have been no OJ business no screaming in the elephant no hanging up on carol and threatening the blackmail or those naked pictures none of this stuff if there were just one of the many golf term in the first place what did I say when you're close friend Tracy by the way for whom I have no respect even though he's long gone out of here I respect him for that but nevertheless he did nothing he was a zero the only reason you like him was because he went to your wrestling club in addition to what you like and he's a good promotion type over tax and he was a over and a action what is it you know he was a promotion what was he here he was in the in the middle of the party I take a charge of and on the weekend up things that they could make up things are we it's that's what we're best at here at two and isn't making up a lot of stories are possible to make up things like the raise lies the S as he couldn't do we speak like is that are specially here at two and making up things yes yeah why are you defending him he's gone now I know because he was a good guy I could pick you up for the I was a good he got out of here like I said always like that Tracy you which smart like Scott Swords he got out of here as fast as he could he said I can't do business this way these are business people these are crazy people is what he said take that back to Naples Bob Deloath yeah take that back with you of course you don't have to take it back because they're listening on seven seventy right now anyway they got a cranked up so lot of speakers are vibrating all over the buildings over there at the Beasley headquarters they know it's true and you know what they don't care they're sick and the same song I'm seeing it I don't care that's right it's a big song these days around here that's number one on the old hit parade and we left the letter off a hit by the way that's number one we don't care okay ripo saw you want just keep rolling the money in there okay no problem I'll pick and check twice a month will keep rolling the money and I'm going to keep ripping you in as because you're not going to change you're still about to sloppy dresses make me look like a fashion plate and you still got people running this place over here most of whom belong in a mental asylum in a mental asylum let me say it again kindergarten would be it would be okay if it was safe to you know little kids usually you can turn them loose these people aren't safe to be turned loose they belong like in the kindergarten ward of a mental institution so the bottom line is there's another twenty five hundred bucks for center one and it sure was painless you know we went to pizza locked in two hours with no pain we had a good time we had all those nice people show up we had a bunch of free loading people from the station eating free meals and we raised four grand in two hours no pain no oj no rye foster no strain no law now this crap so like I said please don't do us any more help please I'm begging you leave us alone screw in nothing we want to turn down your great generosity and your tremendous concern for our charitable effort leave us alone but out in other words but out here's a mobile in Boko hello hello yes sir yeah you doing okay all right I know what that money went from the golf tournament yeah with to Jay's legal cost yeah yeah hello yeah I'm listening I know you're not I'm listening isn't that where you think of it no where to go what what what are you on today what are your own values are you on doggy donors what are you taking off the nineties what is it what is you are a month in and then all right there's a kind of call that we love on a show yeah he's on hock and a china says what he's on something I don't know what Kelly said but I liked it it was great god bless you sir at the best call I've had in years man it was great by the way actual donny bread and I chewed him in ass this morning the sir lead on a beat was he's not sirly he just movie and we finally he finally got into a good mood this for the first time in two years since I've been here because the free sandwiches show that I don't want to taste the get him into a good mood free food but don Brennan wrote a grotesque column any audible newspaper yesterday morning questioning the question and several panther players who were seen in the out of a bar twelve forty five in the morning after the team got in from Friday's overtime loss in Buffalo also question the panthers morning skated tendons said that pop out very was late and spent more time talking on his cell phone outside the building then being around the locker room and tm of course was psychotic over this column over dany bees wrote test column in the out of a newspaper he said it's embarrassing for us is the fp organization it took me about five minutes after reading this this morning to figure out that the fp organization is the Florida panther organization very embarrassing you said for the game itself for the players in the game to see that kind of article written a player after a game arriving into a city goes to have a beer and ends up in a paper there's no justification for it he says for me is a coach I don't mind if my players go to have a beer I don't mind about them being out too late just make sure they speak English that's what he said there you go there's Terry Murray notice how he stays calm while everything seems to be falling apart at the scenes and they're like losing their ass lately and everything just seems crumbling and headache and gets suspended three games and Chris Chris while he gets suspended for a game we're safe now for a while here's a mobile in Miami hello you got yes sir but web played basketball for the Atlanta hawks oh I'm impressed he was pretty exciting he was sure I'm not a big NBA fan must have a heavy duty guy to get 40 bucks for an appearance at a golf tournament exactly but he's short and but he could don't the ball and he was pretty it's like a mighty might kind of thing yeah so what about the other one I know no no no no no no you seem like you're in a good mood would you mind if I plug our corners club golf tournament is coming out schooler my group that was the other guy did was he done or what I wasn't paying any you was yeah thinking was done I heard the biotech him five six seven five six eight we're gonna talk about golf today man with the elected or not I hate golf I can't stand people at play golf I'm nauseated by people who are in the golf I mean to each of us own it's a free country if you want to go out there and waste your time with a scrap if you want to get all bent out of shape about pains to it I personally take great you know it I'm disturbed about the death of walter payton he was only five forty five years old he got a grotesque rizbly death has only godkin inflict and he was a great guy and I just heard him at the end of the morning show be mowing the fact that his reading no good running back to the NFL because basically league is water down at the bunch of crap like that packers performance last night what about your packers they are man garbage right there at home walter payton is there anybody around like him all the way Jose and who the hell cares but pain's thwart but I think I'm about we had eight billion words on there because you people in media don't know what side you're got the embedded buttered on okay you're a bunch of morons you're a bunch of invisible nobody in the right mind gives a flying crap about pains thwart even though you know like I said it's said anybody dies but it's not worth on the front page of the newspaper or seven hundred hours on CNN in George don't care at all what how's that song go twenty seven after ten at five sixty w qm only one south florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to it and go for weekday afternoon to two sports radio five sixty q a m e to the you melt my jockey sure or wait He is the Talbotore. Did I mention that? He is the Talbotore. He played for the next. He doesn't borrow sticks. Yeah, we love him cause he is the Talbotore. Not our goal, not our goal, not our goal. Yeah, he's not our goal. After you're one time born, we love you a lot. Mostly cause he's not bowering, our birth goal. Well, it's a real fail for us. Not your love fail for us. No. Not really. 1032-560 WDK. Here's the fact to show you. The important people we got to that golf tournament. The fact is, Scoutham Agruder was a character from the movie, Happy Gilmore with Adam Sandler. I'm guessing the actor who portrayed him as the guy you're axing about. So that goes to show you. We've paid the one guy, the little midget guy who used to play basketball for Atlanta. We've paid him 40 bucks to show up. And then some guy named Scoutham Agruder, do anybody know who that is? Oh, anybody call you and tell you who that was? Maybe. What do you mean? They might have, but then I forget immediately. I thought I'll speak that language. Well, we got a lot of stuff going on in here, okay? Cause Bluff just came in and said, yeah, said that. What he said? So do you care that this show is the allaxas.com show of the week? If they website that features different online radio shows and whatnot. And in the news, talks, sports, section, you're the featured sure the week. Feature sure the week went all week, all week. Well, that's bad because the people listening all over the world. They don't know who school and when it is. They don't care about the guy named golf tournament. I mean, it's too perokierless. We could give you this all the day that before. I would have still done the same thing. Now see, that's one thing. I don't, I don't cater. I don't whore myself to people that might be listening on the periphery of our existence. This is a sound Florida show, okay? Even for the west coast, they appreciate it because they got the cheap bees leaves over there on the west coast. They don't know what it's all about. They can relate to it. And so if you people listening around the west of the world, we're delighted that you listen to a real goddamn radio show. That's great. And if you're wondering kind of like, what's it all about? Ehh! Just keep listening, you'll find out. That's why anybody who like my good, close person, a lawyer and manager, norm can't. Whatever in the hell is title is this week. Give me a song and dance about people that do focus groups. You'll ride your show, we'll never make it in a focus group because you have to listen to it at least 400 times before you catch on to what it's on. We've got people of a listening to me for 20 years and I still don't understand what this shows about. Ehh! God bless him. They're a little slow, okay? Like they got who called his on, whatever he was on. How can a tronics? So now, look at this. So here's all the literature that we sent out. One of our fine people out there has sent me all the propaganda that we sent out for that golf tournament. So basically it brought down to this. We did a celebrity golf tournament that turned out to be a sham in the scam and now they're trying to cover the rest. And then OJ was invited to a parent's part of the fact we were told he absolutely would not be invited to a person's we insisted on it. And he did appear and we've had like major embarrassment and humiliation from coast to coast. It was on Howard Show. It was on New York Post. It was in sports illustrated. It was in that golfing thing we got caught about yesterday. Where embarrassed and humiliated, but guess what? We still don't care. Because it's Greg Reed and the Beastly. There's nothing you could see or do to embarrass or humiliate them. Except maybe if somebody showed those naked pictures of Greg and a Billy Goth that the screw-and's got in their drawer downstairs. Oh yeah. See, she thinks that she can use pictures to like blackmail everybody because he's got a long history adunic. You know what I'm saying? Well, they ain't gonna work this time. Screw-and. And by the way, Carol says, you know, care if you show us the pictures of her and a Billy Goth. Let's see to that anyway. Yeah, we already saw him. Pretty boring. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Leo. This is a whole deal of Americans that's very informed. And the Scooter McGruder was an ex-differences back for the golfers about four or five years ago. Oh my God. I never heard him. Yep, he was around here. That's a long-term computer. Yeah. Check it out. I thought he was somebody that worked with Nixon. Yeah, a bucket head and seal. He could tell you. I'm fucking it. Okay. Thanks, pal. Okay. What a good memory that guy said. Another one of those bucket heads kind of like, Roller. Faster. Okay. There you go. There's the answer to our winner today. Who is Scooter Goddam, a Grooter? 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line? Oh, I see it says in the propaganda we sent out. Porsons of the proceeds from the second annual about dot com, WQM celebrity Gautreman presented by Micka Lowe Beer. Well, benefits center one. Porsons of. And it goes on and on. A great light about center one. How great the arm was. Good work. They do for like, we're living in breathing people. For, for some 1000 bucks, individual golfer 300 bucks. Got a whole big level of this literature they put out. They've got a bunch of signs. Like I said, they spent $200 to the guy named Dolphin Cheerleaders. And from what I hear about the Dolphin Cheerleaders, I don't think most of you guys would spend 200 bucks, even for the night is what I'm hearing. I could be wrong about that, but that's what I'm hearing as in. Oh, yeah. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah, hi. That's that last caller. He was correct. He was a guy named Dolphin. His name was Greg McGooder, his nickname was Scooter McGooder. Yeah. Um, and that fact you got the, for the, the guy's name was Shooter McGavin on the happy Gilmore. Yeah. Yeah. Scooter McGooder, a guy's an asshole. He's an asshole. He don't know. He's shooter McGavin from Scooter McGooder. No, he don't. He probably don't know his answer. He's back to him either. He should open his zipper and check it out. Okay. Yes, sir. What's your pin or the death of Walter Pate? What is my opinion on it? Carl Hanks and ask him is opinion on it. What's my opinion on the death of Walter Pate? That's, that's like that call. That's like that famous call at Hank had last week. The pain steward called. Do we have that in here? Do we still have that in the goddamn thing? Let's go to Rob and North Miami, you're on WQAM, hello Rob. Hey, Hank, I just wanted to ask you, you know, you know, a lot about sports and most people hear this, so what you think about the pain steward playing crash and have died in today? It doesn't have anything to do with sports. Sure. I mean, I haven't opinion about it. What would it be? Well, you know, I just think he was a really nice guy. I didn't know him. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It may be best of way. It's sad, but what can I add to it to that? You know, it's, I didn't know him, but you know, it's sad when anybody dies. Yeah. What's your opinion on Walter Pate and died? Like a box. What's your opinion on grandma Moses dying? You know what I say? It's that Dan got again. That's the problem that the dishes sinful, hateful, sadistic God, the same one who invented Lou and Winnick. There you go. Talk about being sadistic and inflicted that pitch on the rest of the Syracuria and the entire world. Yeah, what a liver disease and then of course, with a cancer that got in there because it liver disease. So here's a fine man that died in love by all, only 45 years old and the religionists would say, Oh, well, it was his time. God decided to take him. Yeah. Which is why he had to endure all of that pain and agony and all of that other bull crap. What a wonderful God you people have invented man. What a, there's only one God. They'll cut. Make no mistake about it. Other than that, it's all a pile of horse duty, okay? So let me ask you, what's your opinion? See, you can have it opinion on the media in the way that they're underplaying it because here's somebody like I said, who was a major superstar of all time and professional sports and a great guy to top it all off. He dies and it's like an afterthought. Are they talking about it now on the, no. But pain store ties because it was in a runaway plane crash and another one of those natural disasters. And that's what the media thrives on. They love that. Oh, jeek, and we hear some people screaming and yelling because the plane is falling to the ground. Can we hear that? Can we stick to phone out there and Cairo? And hear some of those poor gypsum bastards wailing and screaming because they're loved ones just died in that plane crash. Here's stick to phone out. So we can hear it a little bit louder. Your bunch of grave robbers you people and by the way, what's an n's she still? She needs help. Angela Ray? She needs to be put away. We need to be protected from her n-screw and winnig although I think she's quite a little more benign than screw in. We need help protection from Angela Ray. A giggle box. I wonder where the feathers hit in her back going. 24, 11, and 5, 60, WQA in. This is no offense football. Sports radio. 5, 60. You. Hey, hey, what a show. What an embarrassment. Tonight, only on the Amaz channel. It's high feed thrills on the old new world while this buggy chase is. Then stay tuned for an Amaz channel exclusive. Charamaya, it's 12 inches. And we're going to be a new one. The finalists of the Grand National Beer Growing Championship. Followed by Barn Razing USA. It all begins tonight today. 7 central with World Wilders buggy chase's. Only on the Amaz channel. Sir, step out of the buggy play. 24, 5, 60, WQA. I'm looking at this thing. We have one of our investigative people in the audience who look into this and they're all kind of like a small term of business. And I don't want to sound like I'm starting to question the veracity of the information that's been handed to me here. But I want you to stop and figure this out. You don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out if a force them cost a thousand dollars to participate in this term in individual 300 bucks. Let's say that there were only four sons. Okay? That's $250 per person. And how many people allegedly participated in this? 110? Huh? Well, 100 would be 25 grand and another 10 would be another 25... 100. Correct? Correct. That's $27,500. George? Let me say it again. If this is really what they collected from these people to participate in the tournament. A force of $1,000, that's $250 per person and there are 110 participants. That's $27,500 just from the, uh, what was paid to participate to play in the golf tournament. Now, remember that original figure that was banned to about by somebody who wasn't here anymore? I don't want to mention Sam the shams of the scam of 20, but we were a 25 grand. Which all of a sudden vanished and disappeared and now wasn't 25 grand anymore and was just a number he made up. You don't know what I'm saying? How could it have been $27,500 for these people to participate? 110 silly people playing golf. And yet it shows on a sheet that the nephew handed me income from the players was $377. A discrepancy of 24 grand. I ask. Can you answer that question for me? No. No. Of course I'm not good at that. Yeah, well I am. I'm real good at math. That's the only thing I'm good at math numbers. And somehow this doesn't add up. See, I guess they figured that this would pacify me and kind of let them off the hook just to hand me a bunch of these pages and everything. And give me a big song and a dance about how to, you know, spot web and scooter and a scooter and this one and that one. But if indeed and I'm sure that we must have somebody in this audience left over who isn't just a hit run guy who wanted to go out there and play with a bunch of super stars like scooter and a scooter for example. Yeah. We must have somebody in this audience who participated, who can tell us how much they paid to participate in this great QAM mystery scandal golf tournament. Because if it turns out that people were paying 250 or $300 a piece of participate and there are 110 people playing it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that that's up to about 25 27 grand. You know what I'm saying? Here's Hollywood, hello. Hey Neil, how are you? First of all, for the math goes with the green fees at $42 that leaves $22,000. Oh, it's the $23,000. But well, plus there was money that was also collected on the day of the tournament for charity. There was also money that they sold raffle tickets in the sound of auction. It doesn't add up. I wanted to share with you because you mentioned his name with trippet. Like one of the funniest things they ever saw in television regarding Spide web name. That's his real name Spide. And they asked him where he got the name from, where his mother got the name from and you know what his answer was. He said, my mother named me after the Spudnik. That's a bit of a dimmust of enrusions. Yeah, but one other funny thing I wanted to share with you that I noticed this week and I drive to my sister and law as complex to go trick or treating with my kid. And you got to enter the gate on the driver side. They have a little telephone pad where you could either punch in a code or search for the names that kind of thing. Yeah. And you know, I punch in the code because I know the code. The phone pad is on the driver side as bail on the numbers. Of course. That's just a Florida thing or only a soft Florida thing. That's correct. Yeah. What other thing was the panpio in closing? The weather tough weekend for the panters might good discreet. I've never raped a five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T. Wartelslan. I'm not sure whether was the content or just the way he was saying it. That was a. So did we get a number? Did anybody call and tell us they participated? How much they paid? No. Oh, although, you know, a couple of people called in to say that that last guy was full of crap. It's a buzzwords real name is Anthony. Well, you listen, I don't care anymore about Spudwab, Anthony Web, Scoter my gruder, Jeb McGruder. I don't care about that crap. I want to get to the me to the matter here on a scandal, okay? On his goddamn scandal. This is the kind of thing that the sports nerd are concerned about is what was Spudwab's real guy damn name? He gives a flying crap about Spudwab. Yes, Spudwab would have died yesterday of some horrible disease. Then we'd be getting 50,000 calls about a wilder patent dies and gets like the side of the newspaper and he had to about it. And nobody cares about that. And like I said, most of these people, these great sports fans we got down here, wouldn't know waterpating from Sandy Peyton believe me. See, you think you know nothing about sports. You know what, you know, just as much as most of these people are called in station, still at 20 hours a day. Nothing. Less than nothing. Zippity, doodah. Here's a mobile in Bokello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I hate to say you're naive, Neil, but maybe I'm just skeptical, but I think every chair in the world in the street of the scandal. I mean, I hate given to charity, only because you know, if you give a dollar, 99 cents goes to quote administer to charity. Well, that's why that's why I'm involved with center one. They don't have that. There aren't administrative. I mean, a hundred of us sluppers could have said in 20 bucks each and they could have raised more than a golfer. That means that's what I'm saying. We could have done a street corner, peddling CDs and those key chains and raised two granted about 20 minutes. That's the incredible part. Less than Neil, about Walter Peyton, I got a question for you. You know, six, seven, eight months ago, they were saying he needed a new lever. Yeah. I mean, Mickey Manel needed a new lever, boom. And I didn't make any difference. He got an operable cancer. They got that. That was the only in the last like 60 days. I mean, it was seven or eight months ago. The day in the L.T. who was looking for a lever, shop and for a lever that golfer, they could make a middle lead in the lever. Boe, got one. I mean, what the deal with Walter Peyton? Well, Walter Peyton didn't drink as much as Mickey. I guess that's what I'm saying. Okay. Okay. Okay. I have a great day. Yeah. I don't know how the thing with the cancer just died. I hadn't heard anything about that. In fact, I was talking to Gildi taking a leak this morning and they're at separate journals, of course. And he said the same thing. He hadn't heard anything about it. And all of a sudden, boom, he's dead. 560, 50, 50, pound, five 60 on the 18 T wireless line. I guess we don't have anybody of those 110 people that participated in this magnificent OJ golf tournament. We don't have a single one of them listening to the show right now. Now, a single one who can tell us how much they paid the participate. So we can get to the bottom of this thing. Not one. We got 50,000 people can tell us the name of God damn Spudweb and his grandma's name. And a banjo on his knee. Here's Naples. Hello. Naples. Hi. Are you doing Neil? Okay sir. My name is John. I'm called for Stroke O'Coconots. We're the proud retailer for your CD. All right. We had to transfer some of which in the same company that other specs is. Okay. Had to transfer down. And so your CD is now available. I co-oconots the Naples. Excellent. Thank you sir. Thank you. God bless you. There you go. Spexion 4 Myers. Co-oconots in Naples. We got some lovely coconuts for you over there. And of course, all the specs here in South Florida. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yes sir. Hey. How are you doing? Okay. I got an answer to the problem about this center one scandal. Let's see. Call up house on shine and let him get in there and stick a microfollow. Oh yeah. Never really be. Blam Hawks. No thanks. We'll pass. No. Be much easier if we could just get one person to call in on his radio show on his highly rated radio show. The tell us if they participated and at stupid OJ Simpson written golf tournament and tell us how much they paid to participate. Because like I said, if we come up with about a $20,000 discrepancy here, there's going to be some real fur flying around his joint. Because it just doesn't make any sense. 560, 560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, do you know what I mean about people will play golf? They didn't care. They don't care what a money was going. They don't care about anything except they go out there to play with some big shots like Scutham or Grooter. And the Rob Elbow is with Don Strock. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey. Yes sir. I played. Actually we didn't even complete the game we left. Yeah. We paid 150 bucks a piece. He was being a dentist for another. 150 a piece. He was 300 bucks. 100 of the fees they had a raffles. By the way, were you registered? They had raffles. They had a mother games. They were selling mulligan, they were selling raffles for different merchandise or whatever. Yeah. And that's what we pay. And we love him. And you love because of why? Yes. We left because of him. Because they all that crap that was going on. Because we left a bunch of fuckasses. They were kissing the piece that grabs ass. Yeah. Running around for an autograph. Right. That's why we got a lot of blood. And I regret. Ever paying that money. Don't have to do it. Don't have to do it. Dr. Kunchkul's fault. It's a QAM phone. Don't do it again. Thank you. There you go. See 150 a piece. Does that job with anything in this? What would you do? No. So this is one of these deals where there's so many like loose ends. You know what I'm saying? They did like in trails left behind it. You'll never be able to track down. Nice going guys. Beauty. We'll never get to the bottom of this guy damn thing. 560, pon 560 on the AT&T line. State wide line 877-785-Neal. 877-775-63345. Well here's a golfer and mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi. Hi. Okay sir. We paid $800 for a sports sum. We go play. What are all these different prices on this thing? This is unbelievable. I had no idea who Joe is going to be there. Right. I got very nervous as soon as I pulled off the golf cart. So the bloody knife hang out of his pocket. I thought it was that at that point it was time to hit the eighth hole. What I didn't like so hello. I'm here. Yeah. I know you're surprised but I'm still here. What I didn't like is when I did drive by. So Roy Foster in the car, in the car with OJ Simpson and he was holding OJ's T's. And I thought at that point. Yeah. Okay. Five six seven. Like I said, you people that played golf. The whole golf tournament thing. They can blow it out the ranch. Okay. I don't give a crap over the way. $50 million. All right. Because nobody in this audience. Nobody who participated here. Because like I said, the only reason they were there was to rub elbows with a bunch of pseudo famous, formerly famous, mostly unknown people. And they could run around saying, oh, I played golf yesterday. With so much. Oh, it's bud and a groter. Which scooter, scooter, or a resudo. What we'll have it now was that's the only reason they showed up for the same reason that most people go out there and play golf. So they can smooth with people that they figure out famous and they can name drop. And there's nothing worse. That's a professional fucking name drop. But that was fun. Yeah. Amen. God. Am I nauseated and grossed up by that thing? Almost as grossed up by the fact that our friends at Pompeto Park don't want to give me no members schedule. So like a guy's going John penis. I have to retrak what I said about you before. Like I said, the only guy in the sales department who understands this show and is in it would at all, but nevertheless, still can't get it done, right? Pompeto Park, we got live racing Wednesday Friday and Saturday post time 7.35 and we got some locusting Monday to Saturday after moons and evenings. And today being November number two, I don't have any November schedule yet. So come on, Carol Scott, how for whatever you're calling yourself these days. Let's get this guy to the lower here at sweetheart. Before screwing calls you up and slam the phone down and start screaming in the LN2, okay? Hey, Jeff, when knows the score. Starting in 10, so the last team in week night. Only on sports radio 5.50, you A.M. Tell me if you ain't here. I have a good father today. The legendary athlete, the extraordinary actor. Now he debuts at his new action series. OJ Simpson stars in Miami, slide. Get your hands down. Come on, jump a speed. The Tuesday's lose. OJ Simpson is the most complex, Bruno Molly, because of each street of Bretwood, California to the deadly street of Miami for us. Listen to OJ Simpson's ass kicking comp dialogue. So where were you last night at 7pm? Um... Hands are prepared. Bitch, bitch, bitch, you're going to have a free kick of the Miami, slide. Starting OJ Simpson has Sergeant Bruno Molly, the hard rough stuff, cop on duty, but the loving dad, uh... Dad? Yes, dear. What happened to mom? Don't be too dead! Don't be too dead! I'm guilty, bitch! I'm getting your room and doing a homework! My Ami, slide, Sergeant OJ, Scythana, Sergeant Bruno Molly, and NBC this Saturday. Oh, you're too... Yes, you can't be able to get rid of him, is there any chance? No. 560, 560. I give up on the golf tournament. Okay, I watched my hands. I got 25% or 1. We don't want anything to do with them ever again. There's a lot of people telling stories. Some people paid this. Some people paid that. Then we had the one guy with his uh... Sit down comedy. Oh, God. Like I said, people who play golf, assholes with their golf, people who watch golf on TV, people of Cessla watching guys whack a little ball around. You people need very, very serious help. And it's not a sport, by the way. It's a snobbish pastime for the idle rich, and those who want to rub elbows with them. Here's a mobile and west palm beach, hello. Yeah, I just wanted to call up and find out that you ever tried to play golf. Yeah, many years ago, sir, boring, very boring. What do you see? One I like about golf now, and correct me if I'm wrong, this is the only game that there's no referee referee or unfire interference. So who cares? It's boring. How about going into the backyard and kicking a soccer ball against the wall? And calling it a sport. I mean, what's the point? Well, I'm not, it's just a challenge yourself. I mean, it definitely takes a mind for it. And a boring. Boring to you. That's right. It's a throw on a, throw on a BB in the ocean. My take hand, I coordination to if you're like an 18-four of a condo. But what if it doesn't make it a sport? It's a play down the other sports, what sports have you played? Well, what doesn't have to do with playing sports? I'm talking about it's a spec... What you're not calling it a sport? It's not. Even to sport? Well, it is not. There's no physical. There's nothing physical about it. And anybody can play on 90-year-old men go out and play golf. Does that make it a sport? Well, that's what makes it so great. Now is that you can hand a cap it and that you can go out and get it off. You can actually hand it off. I can actually hand it off. It doesn't make any difference. It's caught out. It's crap. You're a venue. Garbage. It's a swill. I'm really sad about it. I'm really sad about it. And basically, I'm fed it at the Scottish. Yeah. There you go. See, hung up as soon as I told him when vetted his favorite sport. He was a scotman, the same one who were the kills. And it was God damn things that the pain store was wearing. God, give me a break. Okay. Oh, it's a sport. Let's go out here on God damn 440, one with Baki balls. And roll him across the street and it will be a big hole into a pot hole and call out a sport. Like I said before, it's a snobbish pastime for the idle rich and those who want to hop now with the idle rich and named droppers. People who are professional. Oh, I was playing golf with Michael Mayo yesterday from the Sun Channel. Oh, I'm impressed. Here's a lady mobile and hell and Dale. Hello. Neil? Yes, ma'am. First of all, first let me tell you I love you. And second of all, I just want to tell you that my son and lawyer and my grandson who's 10 went to the Yankee party at the hotel here in New York. And what do you think, and what do you think my grandson or the chicken have anything you want? Just name it. What do you think he ordered? I don't know. Chicken soup. Yeah, they were serving gone curry eggs and steaks and peasants. Yeah, we're serving gone curry eggs. Yeah, champagne. Oh. Oh, what? Yeah. I just wanted to tell you that they went to the party and they had a fantastic time. Well, why do we care about that? Pardon me? Why do we care about that? Well, I like to share my happiness with you. Did you go? Did you go? No, I didn't go. So why did you are happiness? Because they were happy, so I'm happy. Well, I'm happy too. Are you happy now? No. Why not? Because it just faded away. I was happy for the moments that they chose me. Oh. And now you're unhappy again? And now I'm unhappy. I'm happy too. Okay. Okay. Go ahead. Go have some chicken soup. And a little kishki wouldn't hurt either. Is that fair enough? Huh? Is that fair enough? A little kishki, like I said, like your turn. My kishki's up. Have it in a great day, sweetheart. Okay. So I guess I'm... The hell that don't hear you. They had the Don Peri. Woo! 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. 877, 785, Neil. 877, 785, 60, 345. I'm not going to argue with these golf nerds. Okay. Because I know that they're in a majority. We have this gigantic male audience. And you all like going out there and whack it up all around. And kill them some time. And having 40 or 50 beers. And that's your idea of a sport. Okay. It's not a sport. And like I said, I don't be grudged you doing it. But people that want to sit and watch the show. They want to sit and watch these other guys do it and pretend that they're athletes. Oh, to try to argue with people who know nothing. It's like the hockey players like the one guy that got 28 stitches the other night over the weekend. And gets so enough his old faces chopped up. Comes back out and finishes the game. These people don't know from sport down here. That's why we have so many sports experts down here. Their idea of sport is golf and ping pong. And shuffleboard. I'm sorry. Here's a mobile in Sebastian. Hello. Yeah, Neil. What you're looking into that money, right? I'm not going to get into it anymore. So I don't care. I'm giving up. I've given up. Well, each haul normally has a whole sponsor. And that's about 500 bucks a piece. They normally get companies to put a sign of each tea box at 500 bucks a piece. Yeah. There's nine grand right there. I don't think they at least if they did that. It's not listed on my sheet. Most tournaments do that. Yeah. Another more money on somewhere. Maybe we have somebody in ourselves, the probability to get a whole sponsor. Good day. And have a great day. You think we can do that, George? Maybe somebody in the sales department get a whole sponsor. That's within age. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I like how I said, I give up. There's no use because the people who participated. Those 110 brilliant people out there who are those golf enthusiasts. They're long gone. All we get is double talk. But I mean, I paid a hundred. I paid 150. This one paid that. Nobody knows from nothing about that thing now. Which is why I didn't want to get involved in the first freaking place. I hate golf. I can't stand people at play golf. And we do just fine screw-in every year. Long before QAM ever stuck there. Ugly sick Puggy fingers in would. We've been doing just great for raising money for charity every year for last 5,000 years without your screwing it up. Without OJ. Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. God, hello, sir. Transplant from Toronto. And I'm listening to this here all this about golf. Yes. It's just nonsense going on. Put these people on an ice rink or something. And how can these people have their audacity to even call it a support? It's a game for people that make over $60 and $70,000. It's your ridiculous. I mean, it can't. It's like croquet for people under the age of 100. It golf is God's way of telling you you make too much money. Yeah. I mean, and these hockey players over the year, they're always talking to much trying to get back on the golf course. What kind of nonsense is that? Like I said, fun for the idle rich. This is pathetic. I mean, you do good. It's ridiculous. I mean, everybody's a... Okay, pal, have a great day. You get the message, I think you said it's ridiculous, huh? It's ridiculous, huh? Okay. Is this crowd the full of it today or what? Is it just me? Are they full of it? So there were other sponsors you know? There were? Yeah. Who's whole? All of them. All the holes had sponsors. How about the assholes? Did they have sponsors too? Uh-huh. That was a tradeout. Nine minutes after 11 at five, 60 WQAN. And I'll put it talking. I love a white, the loving woman. The former white can settle on one. So many girls who really want to eat. It's like, well, much to lie to see. I love a girl right now who wants to sell her down. Why do we like to be a little more than it? It's so bad to me. What should it look like to me? As long as she's got a two-valued out of it. She got a two-valued out of it. She got a two-valued out of it. My love's safe. We've carried every day. Go, go, go. Go find a white today. Don't waste you. Way until you're full of it. Go, go, go. Go find a white today. All right. Where is Tom from? I need him. It's 2014 to five, 60 WCM. I apologize for playing that. But that's a week. It was a week. Was that bad? Yeah. Awesome. Rotezk horrendous. But we're on to a lot of stress now because, in spite of the fact that I said, I don't want to hear any more about this guy named Galting, we opened up the dice so to speak. And now we just can't shut it. Yeah. Can't you just envision certain people lying on the second floor, calling up sponsors and saying, wouldn't you like to sponsor my whole at our celebrity golf tournament? Yeah. Come to find out George had several calls off the year that they did have whole sponsors. That's when the H. And since they're 18 holes last time I checked on a golf course, doesn't that sound like 18 grand in the $1,000 a pop here? Uh-huh. Wow. Does the word scan come into mind? Uh-huh. Over and over again. Is we're continuing hearing about all these things? I mean, even at a nominal fee, if there were 110 people who played, and they only averaged a hundred dollars a piece, the participants, which I'm sure nobody paid that little. That would be 11,100. Am I correct? Is my math correct? Yeah. So where do we get, where do we get this ridiculous figure that the nephew had to me here yesterday as all of a sudden the heat is starting to come on about this fraudulent golf tournament? See, you have to wonder why is it right as a radio station insist on continuing to even when the people that it's supposedly supporting, even when we say, we don't want nothing to do with it. Forget about it. Not to mention, of course, the revenue that came in from the people who sponsored the golf tournament. Am I right about that? Uh-huh. Amen. FNA. As they see in Tampa, Buck and A. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Going once. Yeah, sir. Are you down in the back? Okay. Am I not all the sports, man? What are you talking about, man? You've got four pounds of mushing your mouth or what? Oh, man. I'm kissing your mama. Yeah, kiss, kiss this and your mama to you too, okay, asshole? Am I mama each or type? Are you ain't hurt type? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line? Another dumbish rarter? Here's a mobile in sunrise, hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. As a side getting back to the golf thing, and I don't want to hear it, but it is one of the most quates sports when it's not raining. I don't care. Make sure you're not feeling good. Sir, let me say it again. Vanilla Ice Cream is the most eaten flavor in the world. It has no taste. But yeah, and I'm two people who are going to play hockey on the weekend. It's expensive too. Yeah. Just think it has a roll of blades of equipment. You got one point there is that. I'm talking about it's a spectator sportser. You don't have to play hockey to watch it as a spectator sport. hockey wins, stupid golf clubs. Yeah. Yeah. I knew I love you man. Okay, have a great day. He's saying blue and blue and blue and blue and blue and blue and blue and blue. Like that. So you cannot challenge their preconceived notions. Don't you understand golf is a real manly thing. He's going to get that hockey is for pussy. Golf is a real manly pep, which is why they walk around with nickers on. I'm surprised they're not walking around with kilts on like the original scots. Been in with better the game. Maybe that'll be next. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10. And of course when you're in Florida that's the big deal. You can play golf you're on. And that exciting. It's like golf all of you around. Is that why you come to Florida? That's why I'm here. Here's poor Charles of hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Speaking. Just one, two. Thank you for turning me on the Bob and Tom. And a couple of weeks back when his whole thing broke with the OJ thing. Yeah. They had mentioned you. I thought you'd get a kick out of that. Right. Bob did. Well, I mean, I love him with it. They said, oh, God, that's Neil Rogers station. I bet he's having a fit. That's correct. But I'm a must agree. The eye. And then the avid golfer, like golf, is not a sport. It's a game. And it's not a spectator sport. No, not only go out and whack it around. You'll exercise never a few beers with your buddies. That's right. But the call it a spectator sport. And it's cool to sit there, breathlessly watching these guys. I'm sitting in the airport in Toronto on Sunday. And they got this crap on the TV said there. And they're saying, oh, Jun, he's using those six iron. He's a club short. You know, I'm thinking you're about to brick short, man. Exactly. I mean, if I want to good nap. And I mean, I play golf. I like to play at least two, three times a week if I could. But if I want to good nap on Sunday, I watch golf. I mean, you know, you just fits not a spectator sport. Yeah. I've got one. I love you. See you. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. And of course, this whole thing with these golf tournaments. Let me just tell you, beware, okay. All you people that want to raise money for charity like they got to call me yesterday. Give me a song that I'd answer about all the great charitable things. That's okay if you deal with trustworthy people that are going to give you an accurate accounting of where the money is going. And maybe our good post personal friend will take that news back to Bob Demos over the US coast. About the accounting that goes on here. The creative accounting. And why it takes so long for the figures to lie in the liars to figure. So they can finally get a few bucks over to send a one and try to sell it some face from this embarrassment this disgrace. And you know something, the more that I'm thinking about this, the more I'm wondering about all those other thousands of dollars. You know what I'm talking about? I don't want to say anybody went to a certain celebrity for showing up at that golf tournament. But if it comes to find out if there's any way that will ever find that out. Wouldn't that be something? Wow. Talk about having a gigantic egg on your post. They go hot to wits for somebody to file their tax return to them and go look at it. Oh yeah. Yeah, I'm sure that'll be on it's tax return. If you notice, yeah. Yeah, that's right. Never stole a freight train. Got to wick it slices what they were saying on the tournament. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line 877-75, Neil on the Florida line. Which in a couple of days should be the worldwide line supposedly. That's what Bluff came in here this morning. He was all choked up about it. Said line working yet. I said no, he just went out of here. Sputtering. Stammering. 877-756345 on our Tulfi Florida line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay sir. Golf definitely not a spectator sport. Yeah. No, no doubt about it. I can't sit down and watch it. I go out and play it. Yeah. The reason why I ground and played is one. It's the only hobby. And I stress hobby. That they deliver you beer while you're out on the course. They bring it right there. Yeah. And you don't pay for it? No way. You got to pay for it. Yeah. But you never see a hockey game where they break into tab of beer. Oh, sure they do. Where? They bring the if you have someone in some of the places we have club seats. Oh, yeah. I mean, but yeah. They bring it right to your table. And the other thing about golf that really truly sucks is this handy cat thing. Yeah. You could be beaten and all dealers asked the whole day. And at the end of the day, you pull out this car who's handy cat. And all of a sudden you got you by two strokes. Oh, who cares? Yeah. And another thing is. In addition with my suggestion is don't play handy cat guys. Yeah. Okay. And another thing is. What was that black woman talking about? What are kiddo people? I haven't got any ideas. Something about the chicken soup and the chicken. I don't know what else you was talking about. Have a great day. Thanks. She thought we'd be excited to know that her son picked a chicken soup. It sounds a little bit too Jewish to me sweetheart. Okay. Enjoy your kishki and get out of my face and happy circus two by the way. Like I said, the other day, stop with the Jews in the gray and the were all these crazy things and just be people. Okay. That's my message. D and H and just be people and stop of being professional. Cubans like George and professional Jews like the chicken soup lady and all of a sudden crap. Okay. If you want to be a culinary Jew like I am and enjoy some good deli even as far as is like good deli, you don't have to be Jewish to like deli just as George Hilltaya. Love deli. Yeah. There you go. Call me goiam professional kike. Spick. Horse meat lover. Slawful leader. Here's, no that's so you got the wrong semi. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, you're doing. Okay. You're going to have a fundraising event. You might as well make it interesting like mid to tossing or something. Mm-hmm. Yeah. What about what about over here? What about like mid to tossing? Well, you want to participate? I could definitely throw a mid to participate. Okay. Show this. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 182 wireless line. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I know you're talking about golf and fundraising. I want to ask you something. I hear you talk sometimes about forced sterilization too many people around. And what do you think about parents? Shouldn't they be licensed to have kids and some respect? How do you do that? I don't know. Listen, some day morning, I'm driving at 630 in the morning down. I'm in Carl Springs going to its town, Mark and Pine Island. I find it 2.5 year old kid walking in the middle of the street. So I pull over a grab on it's raining. Yeah. What was his compulsion? He was white. White kid. White kid. No boy. Right by a big apartment complex. And I said, damn, I'm on the side of the road. I don't have my show, you'll have found the one day I don't have it. And I said, what started to ring? So I threw him in the car. I went to the sheriff's office by 520. Many of my parents were busy at the gang member meeting. Wait, wait. That's about it. No report that the kid is missing. Yeah. It's 630 in the morning. Nobody got the kid walked over a half a mile to the road. He was in the back of the apartment complex. Yeah. So finally, they get a calling and we go back there. And what happened was the father left for work early. But he was going to turn back the clocks. Came back in because he didn't want to go to work early. I probably went back to sleep. And the kid went out and found his way over a half a mile to Pine Island road. And he arrived, come down the street. The kid's walking right on the white line. Maybe he was a chicken. I don't know. He wanted to go to the Disney World. I don't know. He wanted to go back. I wish he could have made it. But back. There was just so much of this day. All kinds of people have babies. Come bags have babies. In fact, it's coming here. People are generally speaking the more babies they had. Well, these people fall in a, you know, for their realization. Sir, let me say it again. So I have a million problems. I mean, this was so unbelievable. I mean, thank God they didn't come down with a whole bunch of cars. It was just me and I, and I would look at what I'm seeing things. I was up about five minutes. Yeah. And there's little toddler in the middle of the screen. I just grabbed them. That was that. Now, now comes the funny, but I tell a few people this, right? You know, and I hear people are, you know, you could have gotten in trouble for putting the kid in your car. What are you talking about? These two years old, what are you supposed to do? Drive past them? But they're what people? Now, you talk about how inappropriate this looks. The kid has popped on the hood of my car. Screening and yelling. Yeah. It is an, I'm there and it's waning. Yeah. And a whole bunch of people driving, binding, and they're Sunday best. And I'm like, try to wave somebody down. I think you know, maybe someone would have thought. Well, they don't want to stop for child. I'm a little bit more comfortable. It's okay. They're very, very good. Okay. I have a great day, pal. You're killing me. There's a good Samaritan who wanted to repeat this story. 55 times. We appreciate it, sir. Nice job. For sterilization. Okay. Very simple. Don't complicated. For sterilization. I'll make the list. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. 26 after 11, a QAM. Jim Mandage, toss sports. Oh, fuck. Right here. 4, 3, 0, 5, 60, 0, 8, out. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? Good morning, old David. At the boy. Yeah, with feeble corner. Two inmates from the St. Prison were about to be executed in the electric chair for heinous crimes. The warden asked each and made a via the one had a last request before being sent to the chair. I have one said one of the inmates said, I think I'm like a you know living with a veto low goodbye Ricky Martin just one last time. All right. The warden I think that's a fairly reasonable request of make those arrangements for you. One about you. He said that the other inmate lost request to which he immediately replied, yes. Can you kill me first? This is even at a boy with feeble corner. 11, 30, what if 5, 60, W to QA? I think I'm going to be a big one. We'll get that phone. Maybe we got mobile and four buyers are last call of day. Hello. How are you doing? Okay sir. Question and comment. I am a fan from Fort Myers, but I'm going to be a couple days on the east coast and I'm wondering if you're push button things are available and any locations on the east coast other than by mail. No, they're not. Okay, by mail only. All right. I picked up a couple of the CDs and they're wonderful. And actually let me to the comment I'd like to make, which I hope you won't take as confrontational because I love you. But we have a conversation once about your belief in do no harm. Yeah. And my suggestion to you was the reason I think that is insufficient because it doesn't obligate you to act on anyone else's behalf. It doesn't take some good. That's correct. But you are actually doing some good with your center. You're a center forget to go off thing. But you raise a lot of money for center one in other ways. Yeah. And I don't know what other charitable work you might do that is not. I don't. Okay. What you do that then. Anyway, my thought is, you know, that most people need a push to do that kind of stuff to act on behalf of other people. And I think, at its best anyway, that's what religion tries to do. Take you step beyond. No, no, there's not religion teaches you to hate other people and to be intolerant. And to teach you that you've got all the answers and that people that don't believe the same crap that you believe don't have the answers that they're going to burn in hell. That's a religion teaches you. Can I tell you why disagree with you? I mean, I can only speak for the religion that I said. I know. I understand whether you agree or disagree. That's a historical fact. That's not something that's debatable. It's proven throughout history. And all over the world today. It's what people have perpetrated in the name of religion. I'll grant you that. But for example, the religion that I was raised in which his Judaism says that it doesn't matter what religion you are. It matters how you behave in the world. And that with the orthodox Jews believe is that why they stone they throw stones at the less orthodox because they're letting women know. It was a prayer to wailing wall and participate in their services. It's despicable, but it's also. It's part of Judaism, sir. No, it's yet perpetrated by Jewish people, but just because there are. The docs doesn't mean there are. No, you know what you do when I was like, it was like the Christians like to do. Well, that's those people who say those things aren't the real Christians. So will the real Christians please stand up? Will the real Jews please stand up? It's not needed, sir. It's unnecessary. You can be the finest person in the world. You can be the most benevolent and caring person. And you don't have to believe in fairy tales or label yourself as some part of a group or fraternity. But you have to have something that tells you you have an obligation towards other people. You don't have any obligation. You can do that just out of the goodness of your heart if that happens to be your nature. You don't have any obligation to help anybody else. That's where you and I differ. If you can keep calling me and telling me, have an assain of discussion, I'm not going to change your mind and you're not going to change mine. I don't believe that. I just don't think we're all that far apart. I mean what we're we're we're we're a million miles apart. There were a million miles apart. You're still clinging to the to the hook of organized religion. Not necessary. It's your no useful purpose. It serves about the same purpose as the Elx and the Kiwanas and other and fraternities, only much more If somebody takes a percentage of their income and sets it aside to give away for charitable causes. Yeah, because they believe that they're obligated to do so religiously. What's wrong with that? Why are they obligated to do so religiously? What's religious about that? Why can't you just be a good person and do that? You can be. Okay. Thank you. Five set look at this one call on the board here today. One call now in our great time of desperation and need. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty. See everything is too simple things that makes sense are too simple. You have to complicate them like this guy wants to do. He was born into something. Therefore he's going to spend his entire life justifying that that's important to be a part of that that he was born into. It's like the old saying about blood is thicker than water. Do you have any idea what a bunch of crap that is? Yeah. All like your relatives are great and everybody else who isn't related to you. Well, they're not so important. See, there's a saying that I like better. You can pick your friends. You can pick your nose. You can pick your uh... Reckon, but you can't pick your relatives. So anybody who believes that crap that blood is thicker than water and because just by a lot just by accident you happen to be related to whoever it might be. But therefore that makes it more important to you. You must be a simple to believe that. Maybe it might be true, but on the other hand, maybe your relatives are much as scumbags or some of them or all of them. See it requires independent thinking. Not because somebody once told you something when you were little child when you were at had a mediable mind that could be brainwashed in program. It requires independent thinking. Does this make any sense? What is thicker than water, my... Back to fat ass. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, New. Yes, sir. Hello, I agree with everything you just said. That's for you. Anyway, this is sort of old. Oh, my world is you can have it anyway. This is sort of old topic. Remember last week you're talking about how shfartsers don't tip? Yeah. Evidently the millionaire shfartsers don't tip you either because my girlfriend used to work for a restaurant bar called the Cowboys Cafe. Yeah. Which is in Texas. And it's owned by the Dallas Cowboys. It's right outside their training camp. And you know, they encourage the players to go there. You know, to help business. Well, she's told me that they used to hate waiting on him. It's Smith and Alvin Harper and Liam Letten. All these black guys there because, you know, none of them would tip. I mean, like, it would smoke. And it's Smith with tip like $2 on the $60 tab. Nice. You know, so anyway, I'm out of material. And it's actually a good news. Okay. So we come to the conclusions. Parts are crappy tipers even if they're multimodulars. Okay. So don't use poverty as an excuse. It's just a party or a thing. It's just party or things like French Canadians. It's an, and that's another example of what I just said. If we could just be individuals and use a little bit of common sense and common decency, which does exist, by the way. Oh, and I'm reading all that stuff about, you know, when at New York Magazine, I talked about yesterday about the black family that's suing the, uh, uh, Harrison Kleibold's for the shooting of their kid in Little Van Colerano. And come to fight out this kid that did the shoe one of the other shootings. I forget which one was there's so damn many of them lately. But the father was a minister. And they talked about how strict they were in the home. And now every time he did something like he, the teacher reported that he had access to playboy website on the internet at school. They didn't have any independent verification of it. But the teacher suspected that he did, as if that would be such a horrible deal. A kid like 15 years old. And so naturally he was severely punished. Punish and punish and punish and one day he finally blew a bunch of people's brains out. Not brought up in some kind of an atheist godless family, but again brought up with that good old-time religion. Which seems to be prevalent in almost every one of those stories, you know? All these kids gone bad. Not because religion was lacking in the family, but maybe because there was too much of it. Too little love and too much hate, too much intolerance. Otherwise my father once said, Love, it's just the word, there's no such thing. True story. That's the kind of family I grew up in. Oh, there's no such thing, it's just the word. At a boy's cell. 21 till noon at 5.60 WQM. The sports leader. Sports radio 5.60. QA. F. Your Rogers god. Three years ago, my IT guys told me there'd be two types of business soon. Those on the internet and those that weren't. I didn't want to be one of the latter. But then again, I didn't want to pay these IT guys. They're already salaries. So I fired the two bastards. Next thing I know, these two guys put up a portal website, featuring my own wife. They made millions and ruined me in the bankruptcy. Hi, I'm Mark. And I'm Mike. Where are the IT specialist? The moral of the story is don't f***** with technology specialists. Because in the new information world, we're king. And I remember just who used to beat me up in high school. Thanks for listening. You've been warned. Bastic. 17 till noon at 5.60 WQM. 5.60 70 5.60. They got the breakers coming to season again today. What? These people are on a real panic and it's Tuesday. It's not even Monday. 5.60 70 5.60. On the AT&T line. And 1.87 7.75 Neil. 877 7.75 65. On the first E.D. Florida line. Here's a mobile-in-the-for-later-deal. Hello. A question that may be you were able to answer. That a lot of people are unable to answer. What happened to closure with regard to the year? Loads. What if I could close your. Hopefully we never happen to hear of that word again. What happened to it? What does that mean? What would we got to all these investigations, all these criminal enterprise investigations of one? I like Senator Gottman one child, one child, 27 counts of Medicare fraud. And what? Why does things like that happen? How can they ever be closure when it got to. I'm closing for what? There's no closure in the country. They all copy plea and they get the they get off a real easy slap on a race and that's closure. What do you mean by closure? You're living in the country? I don't believe it. They believe it. They believe it. They believe it. They believe it. They believe it. No such thing as closure. It's just another fancy, fancy, clich. That the media came up with that everybody likes to say now. There's no such thing in life as closure. Well, nothing out of the man. But it's like when somebody's kid gets killed and they interview the parents and they were just looking to find closure in this now. How can there be closure when somebody kills your kid? I'm not disagreeing with them asking where it is. Well, when you find it, let us know. Okay, where is it? Get a search party, pal. We're already doing out here. We're looking for closure. Oh, my God. See what I'm talking about independent thinking. Think for yourself. Not because it's a cliche that you heard somebody else use. And because the media keeps saying that every five seconds. Because it's a politically correct, 20 clich to use. All we have to have closure. Oh, my, Tupperware. Has to have closure. How about that thing with all the sandwiches in it? Well, by the way, there should be pretty good in the microwave after the show. Thanks again to my friend. What's the, what's your call, man? What was he from? Oh, the horse in that. How can I forget that? Those great horse had meats in Jesus for your acting is died by the way. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877, 785, Neil on a Florida line. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello. Hey, Neil, God. Yes, sir. I wanted to tell you a couple things. Yes, you're absolutely right. Go. It's not a spectator sport. It's a good thing to do with a bunch of guys. You want to go out and hit a ball and drink a few beers. Yeah, that's it. It's a pan. Absolutely. It's something to do with your acting. I'm collecting only a little more athletic. Exactly. And also as far as charity to concern and golf tournaments, what I got to tell you is number one, yeah, you don't go to a golf tournament for charity. You want to make a donation, write them a check. Right. You know, any guy that goes there is all they're doing is like this. They want to smooth with the guys that used to be. And maybe it never works. And other than that, if you want to make out a, if you want to really be a donor, make out the checker, make it anonymous. It's not that important. Okay. Yeah, this thing with the whole fees and with all this other crap, I mean, figure it 80 bucks a piece. If there are 110 people who played the game and they only paid an average of 80, which I know is a very low figure and not accurate. That would be 88 hundred bucks. So how does anybody know? I could have easily looked at this and digest it and accepted it without having a stuff come for our invest. See, I hate to break the news to you guys here and try to building. But we have investigative people who are looking at all of this stuff. And what they're finding is not a pretty picture. It's called a scam and it's going to be very embarrassing and humiliating and even more than the OJ part of this crap. I mean, how can you do business and have absolutely no, scruples, no principle whatsoever? How is that possible? Maybe that's a question that our good, close personal friend and the other room if you still hear can take back Bob Demuth and ask the bees leaves that question. How can you have so little scruples and so little principle and be as cheap and as caniving as they are and still dress like they do. That's the question. Still look like they just call out of a dumpster at three o'clock in the morning. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Fort Lauderdale, huh? Hello, me, hon. Yes? Who think, firstly, golf is no more sport than chess or dominoes? Right. Secondly, I've never dispute with you before but I have to now. I'm laughing. As far as the specifically the example of the Orthodox Jews that throw stones and they're no different from the others, will the real Jew please stand up. I've heard you to John and Aljah, heard you on the year before, separate yourself from the flamboyant, cost-dressing days that participated in the pride parades. Yeah. One can easily say, oh, come on. That's just something that people say will the real gate. Exact same situation. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,  not, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, maybe, oh, maybe, oh, be wrong, boy. Dougherfian, a big finger, it's like a tree, what your tongue will tell a little bit, there is no compulsion to do good deeds. If you want to do extra good thing in Galati away, that's fine, that's commendable. There is no compulsion as long as you don't harm anybody, that should be good enough for anyone. You're right. You do not need religion to be a good person. There are many people that don't believe in God or any religion that are wonderful people. However, the idea of religion is that it is supposed to be a systematic way of doing good. Whether people have perverted it and kill people in the name of the mandatory of being a man, that's not why the Old Testament keeps telling Abraham to kill all these people as that way that we're telling the killer children. Well, what are we talking about? You're right. And people, you want to have that? What that's the religion? That one religion that you believe in, the Old Testament. You want to know something you're killing with sickness and hate and killing? I'll tell you. And go in there and kill all the Egyptians. I mean, what are we talking about? By the way, they never were any jib in the first place, but anyway. Yeah, I'll tell you something. I would have, whatever. What I'm going to say is, can I get into a much deeper aspect than I know you don't want to do that on the show? Well, well, it's already very deep. I'm already grasping for oxygen. I'm about to bring up a top utograph. Would you want that? No. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. A tomutograph front. Yeah, you see, it doesn't make any difference. Okay. Judaism is just as much about your fairy tales as Christianity. If I were to sit here and tell you otherwise, then I'd be, you know, and I have no credibility. I mean, just like the religious people, all those religions, okay. The other ones are the ones that are a beautiful crap. God. I'm sorry. 560560, pound 560 on a 18T wireless line. I realize it's so difficult. It's so difficult to put yourself away from all the years of brainwashing and upbringing and things that you thought were so proper. Even though you sat there and you mothered a bunch of stuff that you had no idea what it meant. None. Where's my book by the way? I'll get you that and bring it in here. Crap. I'll have to bring it into moral. That's got all the answers that little black book. Thank you, by the way, so much for bringing that to me sweetheart. 560560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. A world without religion would be a world on the verge of civilization, on the verge of decency, on the verge of mental freedom, on the verge of peace. And just like the thing I read yesterday about the Christians and the Hindus and India, and on the one hand the Christians and system going in there and trying to convert them and on the other hand the Hindus are making them an offer they can't refuse. Just like it's kind of like the inquisition and reverse. Now it's your turn. You know what we're saying? Yeah. How do you like that? A little taste of your own medicine as the old saying goes. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Tell them. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. You know, it's a shame, while yeah, for you put into the charity center one and then for the radio station to describe like they did. Yeah. Well, that's enough about that. You brought up on the video earlier. You know, I watched some of the news on in last night and every interview to start with them. He wasn't speaking about actually understanding what he said. Not like today's athletes. No, he wasn't in a little red job. That's correct. Exactly. He was a great guy. He came hard and you know, he was a good person. He died young. There's nobody. Some fears me about him was he was thanking God and telling everyone the parade form after he found out he had cancer. Yeah. If he was in the God that much, then why did God give him cancer? Yeah. God's got bad hearing. He got a real hearing problem. Yeah. Well, anyway, that's all I got today, you know. And I just thought that somebody should say something about Walter because, you know, even though he was a celebrity, he was a good person, I think. You know, even though he wasn't a professional golfer. Exactly. And have a great day. 560 5056 to Pomp 560 on the AT&T line 877785 Neil on the Florida line 8777856345. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay. Good. I didn't think that could be anything more boring than playing golf. Yeah. Until one time I was flipping channel from the TV and I saw that they were broadcasting on TV and I said, that's it. You know, watching golf on TV. That probably beats playing golf as far as far as far as far as far. Most of the most lifeless people in the world must watch golf until about how anybody could sit there and watch that for more than 30 seconds, just just batters me. I just can't believe that anybody could sit there and watch it and they talk in a hush tone, you know, and a gallery is following them around. I mean, what are we talking about? We're talking crazy people. Yeah. I don't understand, but I thought I had seen it all until I saw golf. Well, I'm glad that you discovered it before it is too late. Yeah. Neil, one more thing. As far as religion and people converting, like I, you know, you're there of talking and you're not trying to necessarily change people mind. Sure. I am. And try to get people to open up their mind to think a little bit and get away from the brain washing. Sure. And what they. What the some of the religious people try to do is they try to, you know, they have their own beliefs and I have my own and I, you know, I keep it to myself and I keep it right. Thank you. And I, you know, I'm okay with that. It's for me, but I don't understand what people try to go out and I'll do it. You're skew some of these is all of the good book tells us we got to spread the word. We got to go out and save it, but that's the excuse for intolerant people who want to twist your arm and make you an offer that you can't refuse. Yeah, particularly the going. That's their favorite thing to do is twist your arm and drag you across the street whether you wanted to go there in the first place or not. I don't know why if I'm going to burn in hell, I'm for I have no problem with that. Okay. Just let me go and find out how bad it is. Right. That's it. Definitely. They should let you have your final step. I think I want to stove. Let me do it in an all-decyber. It was a good idea or not. You can break. Well, if golf was a sport, I have an idea of something that could be a sport, but I'm not going to take you there by the least one sweat more. Anyway, thanks Neil. Okay. Why? Anybody know what he's talking about? No. No. Why? If I learned a lot this morning, huh? Especially about those whole fees. I bet you if they had a whole fee, it can't be well-tossed. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50, 50. What did you write in the golf? You don't understand that stuff. You know that important stuff. Oh, by the way, we apologize for whatever George said yesterday about. What's his name? The Greg Moore that died? The Cartracir. He didn't say anything. So while your friend, he just didn't hear another room now. I don't want to say anything. I just got calls from assholes from people who didn't say anything. He just that we he didn't know who the guy was. Neither did I. Well, you know that George can be occasionally insensitive. Never the deaths in memory. Never. Well, maybe once. It's a three minutes before noon at five, 60. I mean, I don't care. It's tragic when anybody dies. The guy was 24 years old and he was a Canadian guy. I might have been pretty good guy. He's dead. People die every day. People die. I'm upset that Walter Peyton died. Walter Peyton was great. Great. I loved Walter Peyton. He was sensational and a good guy. That bothers me. If Greg Moore dying bothers you and your friend? We're sorry for we'll pray for you. Jim Polkhafer talks sports weekends right near. I'm sports radio 566. You. Hey. Zchin. The sad sad make her flat With saying there's no question There's no time and there's no time And by your work, they say it's fine There's no time and there's no time By the way, there's a great, I made a great show on HBO last night I bet you're the only one in this whole town that saw it It was a special on Howard Coast cell for me to not a clock last night HBO, which probably would be shown again Because the show things a whole bunch of times It was great There was a guy and he did tell it like it is And by the way, too bad that a lot of people don't like his book I never played the game Which I have my copy sitting right over here And yeah, it was self-serving and there were parts of it That were a little bit disgusting, it was so self-serving But nevertheless, it was great And he was right on target about the Jack Occrocee And all these illiterate jokes like Frank Gifford And so many others who had no business Ever sitting in a goddamn broadcast booth Terminal they destroyed it Nice going, how are we? Wherever to head you are He's in heaven now 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line You know, all these billions and billions And trillions of conversations I've had over the years I don't know what to laugh for cry I guess it kind of amuses me in a very painful way With all these brainwash religious people It just refused to let it go, okay And this is the one guy wants to give me a Tom Lutik reference After he admits about the barbarism of the Old Testament And the Jewish religion With the sixth sadistic God That's always telling the Jews to kill all their enemies Not most of them all of them Yes, make sure you get everyone We don't want no sugar in the wood pie Which raises the question by the way You think screw-and's got a hole fee? Here's a mobile and four-laterdale, hello Hey, yes sir How's it going, man? Okay First of all, you know, all those religious people You can go hang it Because, you know, they're all prejudice and their own way But, uh, anyway, uh, if Jews, you know, should kill everybody Like they have, how come they've been persecuted And for so many years and let people persecuted Well, they always missed a couple, see they didn't have good aim I guess not Yeah But, you know, as far as the, you know, the kids killing people And all like that I don't think they have any excuse at all I mean, I come from family where, you know, my set-father Beat the living day like that, I was Yeah And I'm 26 years old now, I have my own house And I've put aside my family I'm not around them anymore Good But, you know, I... I remember water is thicker than blood Yeah, that's what I say Like, I agree with you were saying earlier, you know, you can pick your friends That's right And you know, you know, you know, your friends always just family That's right You can always pick your own friends And you find out who you're real friends are Yeah, you make yourself in life But you know, it is most of my usually are scumbags Yeah, you make yourself in life You don't, you don't, you don't, uh, rely on everybody else To decide how you're gonna be Absolutely correct You know what I mean? I do You go out and you make yourself I mean, if something bad happens to you, you go out and change it You know, and make your own goodness There you go Okay, you need to go God bless you pal God bless you pal I'll pray for you How good? Day 560, 560, 560 on it Give me your 20 or 30 sandwiches There, while I was got a set stuck in the room He likes to free food Come on, back here, you know, we got some free food for you He's not a bad guy, he just, uh, evil looking No, he's evil looking He's not an evil guy, he's not a bad guy As opposed to the wife As opposed to being really evil like screw-in Which had a lot of mention in her name More than 2,300 more times today The evil bitch Which Not just, not just annoying, not just nasty No, not for you, fat So, get out of here and you're on probation anyway Get out of here, fat boy Soon as he heard there was food and he opens up it over the big smile And his put, he's so red in the faces face matches That, that the striped shirt he's wearing today Looks like Rick's in a red before he lost the weight I suspect he's too, by the way, fat boy See you, dislike him, I don't dislike him, I just pity him I feel sorry for us, I mean him I feel sorry for us Yeah, he's on three week probation That's what screw-in said She's bitching everybody out lately She must be on a rag this year Yeah, she's on the Y2K rag Here's a lady mobile in Highly, hello Hello, this is a lady It's me, I've had a thought of waiting on the phone Yes? I wanna talk to him, especially about this I've been talking about the sports character That's not fair You wanna talk to who? Me? Well, this is Neil Oh, yeah, what if you talk about the sports characters Who's better than people who play the game? Because they play the game, that makes them into broadcasters If you never play the game, I mean, what if it's say about you And then you wanna talk about it in critic size? What do you know about sportscasters? Name you a good sportscaster I like Tyler Kustell, but he was a little bit over the top of the end Yeah, did he ever play the game? No, no, that's why I never played the male Allen play baseball I'll get out of here lady, you're living in the Lala land How are you? First of all, how long is it to play by playing out So anyway, in addition to which he's not great anything Okay, unless you like it's hair cut How are you long is great? Is how are you long? That's what she's excited about Five, six, seven, five, six, six, five See what they encourage with that Friday morning Crap, they do what these Bimbos call in with their football Picks on the morning show, this is what they encourage Women calling in here to share their expertise about sportscasters She would know Mal Allen from Fred Allen, from Allen from Delights Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, I don't think there's a community I hope that everybody who may be listening all 10 of you who are left after all This boring stuff about our golf tournaments But we got problems on this radio station, okay? And we're not going to alleviate them based on a bunch of fandom people Listening on the internet somewhere But I want you to understand there isn't any place else in the world Even in Goddam and the jungles of our Africa And the darkest depths of the Brazil rainforests In the poverty-stricken soil of Bangladesh There is no place on the face of the earth where the masses, where the populists Are as uneducated about anything is there here in South Florida You picked the topic and the response will always be You can depend on it to say Eeeeeee! That's right Just like her with her brilliant commentary on Howard Co. Shell, who's a little bit over the top Maybe that's why he was wearing a bad hairpiece We'd be maybe he had a little bit too much off the top You think that could be it? You crazy bitch God 23 years I've been trying to have a conversation with people Have I had one yet? No, I'm still trying though God, another two years, eleven months to go Mine is a couple of days But who's counting? Trying to have a conversation with people Looking for just a little bit of meaningful verbal intercourse And what do I get? Eeeeeee! Oh, I love it Sports radio, 560s You a- And I'll be you a- Eeeeeee! Who the f*** is that? Can't well it's done Dropping out before he becomes Don't get too beat President You lost him every fold He had to go He couldn't even sell the table Dance to some guy with good intent He was lucky to be by his friends He danced well as out of the race Well as out of his mind You know that it was a bad sign If the policy can't see the push-in He's back all behind Don't care what you say Don't care what you do We're a stick of your family value It's a fine time You finally woke up all this time Well we did, we've laughed at you We stuck in system this week 1214 at 560 WCM You see that thing that happened with George WS today Would that truck? Didn't see that? Oh yeah, he had a dive out of the way That little truck lost control And all that crap by the end Kind of like Curtis Hippen is a thing And it's a wrecked home Yeah, I think it was an accident 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line Here's homestead, hello Oh no Yes sir Yeah, I caught a couple of commas when I was reading I saw that time That's the cool selfie Nice meeting It was tremendous I thought it was great It was super It definitely highlighted his career And told all sides of it I was really, you know, a hint That's an insight for a look at the gun I don't even usually even watch HBO But I saw a promo for yesterday morning I thought he was going to be that good I just caught it by accident I just, I just sat because I went to those things And Monday night football went to the piano All I can say is God, I wish he was back I like to hear him commented on What do you think of these like that bitrate over the top Here and then you see Hannah Stormhorn And then that obviously<|pl|> Yeah, yeah, they have time They're in the silent tragic It's talking about the shoes And talking about interior decorating And the uniforms are won It's incredible But another subject to his horizontal ligen Go to them one in raised Catholic And I can tell you They make that one call about that That's all religion teachers Yeah, but it also gives you an excuse To go and become be the How they have poverty that it is Because that's all religion to me It's a scam Go call with his policing or America They ought to do that These people, these these These specialists ministers They go and what was I say They want prosecutor and tackle And they're trading in the perable for the bank book And as far as religion goes He can Do no harm Is it better? There you go We've got it found Hannah and then closing How request I'm going to request for you There are father knows best to that But when you have a commercial And do you see the cheetos of Nazareth? Okay, you got it Appreciate it I'll throw one now Feetos of Nazareth, you got it Yeah, so yeah, do it all harm I might say it to the problem I knew it at the time The NHS is just too simple Just too simple for people who don't like things simple It's kind of complicated It's got to be a whole big mumbo jumbo What a big son of a dance And a whole big prayer book And the angels on the head of the pin And the Lord is up there in his sky And it came them in the devil with a pitchwork And all these other silly ridiculous things That a three year old unbrain was tried And so you crapping me or what, Mr Of course, how many three year old unbrain was children Do we have? Because by that time they're already Just like Hitler said, you know Get them all right young Just like father O'Toole said, get them all right 560560 Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Keep banging away And banging away And banging away And yet we have these people out there who just resist Because they can't deal with the truth They're emotional cripples Like that, like that great analogy I draw life, human life is just like the life of A microcosm of our life is the life of a rose Or any kind of a flower And they plant the seed and you watch it sprout and grow And you know, it blooms to its full beauty And then it starts aging and it starts wilting a little bit And then it's finally with his way And leaves fall off and it dies And I have people who call this show and say, oh that's not a good analogy That's ridiculous It is It is I think it's a perfect analogy You're born You age to a certain point You know when you get to be, what is it? About 18, 20 years old And you start dying Oh you can't say that It's not my opinion, it's the truth It's the science You can't fight mother nature baby That's nature It's not some statistic, God will invent it Something grow test like that Because basically Exactly, that's right, while dying over here So you make the best of it You do know harm if you want to do a little bit of good That's great too, looks you're in a bonus when you stick in the box Just like Muhammad Ali asked it, how are its funeral? I wonder if he's got his peace on in there Maybe we ought to open the box and see if he still got his peace on Or do you say peace on Howard something like that? Five-same that Billy Crystal by the way was written on that sure last night Five-670560, Pont-560 And I don't even like Billy Crystal, I'm not saying more He's kind of like a Robin Williams to me A little overexposed, shall we say? Here's Fort Myers, hello Yes sir You got it Speaking Listen, I'm not a believer, but I think I found God Yeah I'm like, day what happened? You know, the hurricane that dismissed Miami Yes sir We live on the airport misery And I suppose people came over here to get out of that hurricane way We went from Fort Missouri to Fort Mersival Yeah They drove like idiots over here and I says you know Oh, God, God pays these people back They came over here, they just thought he was a mess So anyway, we finally had another hurricane Started over to Fort Myers and I says, no, if you're God, would you please help us out You know, you answered my prayers Here you go Hurricane missed us and went over to Miami And I said, you know what? There is a guy And I wasn't even here, I beat it, I was out of town You did a beautiful job, that's cause you went out of town to get out of the road Because you said, I will help you people out before Mars There you go And that's why we call Fort Missouri over here God bless you, my child I'm not afraid of Fort Myers Oh God Well, I like the way that sounded on that line by the way That was special Get goosebumps 560, 0560, Pont-560 Yeah, it's getting a little warm in here Plus the 85 million Oches that we ate this morning From our good friend, the horse had man That brought the food in for the morning team for the worst team That was too much of a bunch of pussy Still leave it in the control room, so we had to bring it in here Good day Yeah, that's right, good thing because we got about 600 sandwiches left We don't want Bob to go over there and riding on them In Fort Myers and Naples over there at the Beasley headquarters That the morning team had a bunch of sandwiches They had food in the control room Man, you talk about a playground You talk about a place that I'll level We got the perfect program director, you know? He's perfect, no seriously He's perfect in every way The maturity level of him, I mean, just every way he operates With these little schedules, you know? Perfect for a kindergarten Here's my Nihilow Neil Yes sir I wanted to reference you something you said earlier I was a common dad made to you saying That's what I was just aware Yes I wanted to say that's what compelled me to call I think it really sucks I'm an only child and my parents are fantastic You know, cram anything down my throat You're the best and that's all my material Okay, God bless you sir Thanks Pray for both of us Okay, I will I will, I do, I do, that's what Nick and Jesse are 98 degrees I do, I do I have a great talk up to that record But it will be embarrassing to do it on here 5605 Well, I listen to what in the car Okay, because I'm certain I can listen to this station Hey, what do you think about that? I'm sorry, not for me 560560 Pomp 560 and of course 87785 Neil That line by the end of the week is supposed to be nationwide Anybody believe that? Nationwide Supposedly, toll free That's what Greg Reed said And of course we know he don't tell tales You know what I'm saying? 87775 any I.L We got Hank speaking to him A cool city there to a clock Were we speaking to him? No, I'll never let him Oh, that gambling call I was talking about Oh God I'm telling you gambling callers You're going to be the death of the sports show As an estate and I'm telling you that right now If you just would stop for a month Just give it up till the end of the year Maybe we can make a bounce back a little bit On these sports shows The booster will be here from 6 to 10 For four hours A fat and then we got a couple and a ten with a real gambling show Here's Hollywood, hello Hollywood Hello, yes sir Yeah, how are you? Great I've been living here for five years I know you may reason for living here It's just so you can go to mom on Tuesdays to have lunch No, I mean, I mean, reason for living here So I can get a fat check on the 10 to 25 Yeah, but with your talent sir You could you could syndicate your show from Vegas Or any city you wanted to go Yeah, that's true Why do you let us say you? That's a good question That's how I'm going to have to work on that Yeah, I tell you you've got a lot of sunshine Around Yeah And we appreciate it But God, I know you really care You know, I know you really care You really care about the people who knew a whole everyday Yeah, and they deserve it Well, in some cases they do something I'm getting a little less flush than when I talk to you But certainly sir, you could do you show from any any place in this way Any in this continuous 48 space Maybe even the continuous 48 space too Yeah, right, right Hey listen buddy Yeah, keep it up Okay, pal Okay, I'll see you in Vegas Okay, so I'm going to make we're going to be doing a show from Vegas Starting on Thursday Sounds good to me, huh? Do the show from Vegas for a couple of weeks No matter warm up in Toronto We'll go back and do the show up there We're going to be doing a show in a summertime from Amsterdam Yeah, let's build a studio right in the middle of the red light district Sounds good to me, you'll hear the bells from the old church Clangin' in the background At least it'll sound like bells I guess you say peeling in the background You don't say bells are clangin' That's like a real clucsy You know that would be like saying continuous 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, easy good guide Oh, nobody's perfect, just look at me And pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line See, if only somebody had the ball, they didn't call you off the early one If somebody would tell me about that hole fee from that golfer Remember, nobody, mum's the word Nobody will tell me anything I'd like to find out how much have they told you how much the fee was Nope Because if it's a thousand dollars a hole Times 18 holes That's 18 grand That's the range that somebody gave me when they called about How much they typically are Yes, and how come there's no accounting of that And in addition to which, why couldn't they tell you if they paid for it If there was a hole fee and they know that for a fact How could they not know what it was You see what I'm saying? Maybe they accounted under the table Even Shylock Holmes would have a tough time piecing together this scandal Which is exactly what it is A major, major scandal Which would be a good lesson for you, screw in Next time you and your cohorts put together What are these spantum golf tournaments Obviously now you'll learn to keep us to hell out Okay? And you can scam away your hearts, content Just leave us at our charities out Please Here's Carl Springs, hello Good morning Neil Yes sir Good afternoon Yeah, for that woman who thinks that you can't come in I'm the game unless you've played it I have one name for her And that's a Harry Carrey You know, who thinks that there are some great people in the support Who didn't necessarily play the sport Yeah, what about Mel Allen? No, what about Red Barber? Treating Go Island And I'm the woman's woman is just a What about Bob Prince? You know, there are things who have been too much older than you What's growing up in your bone? What about Mike Lane? Good point Yeah There's these even two people in this world Anybody who got the Howard Cossacks on people who didn't get Howard Cossacks on No, I always got Howard Cossacks on I like what he was saying He was great But the sport is ours He was the one guy that had the balls He made his whole fame with the Muhammad Ali and covering boxing But he was the one guy that said it should have been banned and it should have been stopped Because it was barbaric and it was disgusting And he retired from it and there might be a thing to do with it But you know, sports though are pretty seductive And it's easy to make a hero out of a player You know, I want to one of my heroes died yesterday You know, Walter Peyton And he was a hero He was a real superstar He really was Nobody like Walter Peyton playing football tonight There's nobody even has lead today No, but they're just maybe Maybe Dan Marino, I don't know No, you don't think so No, I can't think of a name either It's kind of hard to compare running backs to quarterbacks anyway But anyway, you know, if you're years you can do your show from Rome And we'll listen to on the internet Okay, okay I have a great day Am I going to be enrollment a few years? No, but whatever he says Okay, maybe from the Vatican sounds real good to me Come on Papa I'll wear the schmothound Alternate Tuesdays How's that sound? Five, six, seven, five, just like on our best in the old CDs and cassette You got Neil Irwoodey of the Mid-Or and I think I look lovely in that afternoon That's me Neil Roger shows Sport for you, five, 60 You a fan With a gas, you did set song The girls are so And someone better Than we couldn't do a song Do song And that was a dumb thing A life tune is a life for the side to risk About a thousand Germany's density I eat eight sitting on one leg This is a summer It's summer A life's life's life's life I would go baby bitch Who wants to make me a bitch A leaf in the song that is done We went down there And scratched my foot with a nail file Hit annoying in like surrounding ties People always think of a man The payroll My husband says let's make a thing A weird subject Something new for iron It doesn't even matter There's no truth A bitch Something big but adult If you think it has babies Every thing is different If you think it's not the dummy You can just as a day I got a king for those To be seen filled by the can Be sourbors I think the first ride that comes to my head I'm a big fan From right to right And the email on my brand new computer People who just have to work I'm going to use this as the other way And make this better known as pork I think this song is going to be so like a story I give a little book To know not that many different reasons It's a sad story I wrote this song so it's funnier I'm not dumber I'm not gonna have to say I look happy if it's a busy day You think I've been working on a 560 WM I felt it I can't sing And I sure don't look too good either 560 Pound 560 on the AT&T line 877-785 Neal 785-6345 On our Florida line Here's a bokeh This is bokeh Sounds like it today Hey I do a snil See I'm a Julio long time listener First time Caller recently I haven't been keeping track But I miss him when he talk about hockey And it really excited about it I know the only thing I'm excited about this season is that I think we're gonna pick up the end of the season Maybe it's a playoff when it's finally And we Oh Panthers Oh you're in the Panthers Yeah And so Oh at the least And it's a good subject about the religion That this religion is just a way of keeping the power And the power Just like the economics How are the parents Yeah So it's a lot of problems We got to face You're one of those people It's gonna help us get ready to solve the problem Okay, I've lost me Father, it's all God Okay, and Goly's go And closing and like to Request something from Somebody gonna make me laugh What is it? What are you just saying? Something that's gonna make him laugh Oh Oh Oh Oh Okay I need to be pressed Okay, the Panthers lost a couple of games You need to press Press suspension You got to be very happy about Chris Well, it's a suspension By the way, sir, we're safe for four games 56050505050 on the AT&T Wireless Live We got 400 open lines here And our in 27 minutes to go until our number comes along From Cool City Here's a mobile in Miami Hello Hello, me and all Yes sir I'm sitting in a very big edifice Hospital in downtown Miami Looking at another edifice Across the street Yeah And Edifice Edifice And you got to relax It's a hospital Yeah And there's a lot of sick people And all of these buildings And also a mouth sign And so I figured, well, I'll go downstairs There's a little room like it's called a chapel You know, it's like I went in there I, you know, maybe I can make it Complaint because I've been here some three Plaint and I'm one Because Complaint because we've been here three Surgery Supposedly at seven Now it's one We're still not having surgery Please go to the chapel to make it Complaint about your life Yeah And you know, no one was there Yeah So that's proof that there is no God Okay, well good luck you pal And maybe you things will work out Or maybe not 560 560 Pond 560 on the AT&T line And the 87778 Ha ha ha 8777856345 On our fabulous lord line That's his dead as a dornial It's just his dead as they And brought in why not It's all Florida It's all the same being Druping penis to love I'll not What would you expect to see in the action in this state Here's Miami, hello Oh Yes sir Nathan, I retired your 10 years ago Nathan? Yeah, I retired your 10 years ago But an idiot And he's calling again Like he's going to get on the air This jackass he retired the walker And he's called me Nathan See that's what happens okay Too much of that monkey business Starts affecting your mind I think they call it syphilis is what that is 560 50560 Pond 560 on the AT&T Wallace line All of a sudden out of nowhere After two years plus on this radio station And this this mal content This misfit This walking talking geek Has decided he's going to graces with his presence No thank you El Paso Here's Miami Hello Yes sir How did it go in there? No I don't know I've got a question Where most of these people expect you to go What other city do you think you could You know market your talent What does that mean? Pretty much I mean you've got a lot of different topics You've got to you know you could talk about here Miami I mean other than here in New York Maybe I'll leave We're looking at how boring all the other places are You know, maybe there's a live wire place Why? Why? But a lot of different things you could talk about Yeah A lot of big motin powder on you You know? It's a big melting pot I think so You don't think so Who says it's a melting pot? What does that mean? A lot of illegal aliens here Is that mean a melting pot? I mean it's a melting pot is where people like A similar way they like, you know, congregate They have something in common This is not a melting pot This is a place where everybody is divided This is a house divided Yeah, but apparently I mean there's different topics I'm just saying different topics You know you could talk about I mean how many people you know with you Other than you and you know maybe what's that guy from New York Yeah, whatever his name is, he I end And what is the guy was talking about my doing the show from somewhere What do you think is it make what I'm talking about If I'm sitting in the house Yeah, but exactly, but what are you going to go talk about in things? What are you going to go talk about somewhere else? I mean up in four miles for God's sake I mean I think you're busy We have a do these stuff going on in four miles We keep your mind busy around you I think yeah, obviously okay. Thanks, pal Thanks for keeping my mind busy But we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll thanks a lot I think he's nervous that he's going to lose me Is that what it is? I mean I'm terrified Cinemotor is blow up dolls, okay And a can of KY 560 70560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line and on the out of town line The big Florida line 877 785 any IL Disponent wrong probably with the K 785 6345 Especially like that guy that's in in a hospital with his edipus complex Here is the mobile in Naples, huh? No mobile in Naples That's you Okay, listen this is the old South God's waiting room We've got a colored neighborhood over here And they stay in that neighborhood It's interesting it's the old South and OJ he is his own reward OJ's only chance in life is to move to Jamaica and work out a God damn hotel Yeah, man, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, me chance That's where I'm at okay, we're going to stay okay, buddy Think good luck. Yeah, you'll need it 560 705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line It's great here, and of course he's probably he's probably talking like that Because he hangs out with the abeasley, huh? That's probably why he's talking like that he probably used to be like a real normal ordinary guy until the encounter the abeasley 560 505 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line and 877 785 6345 on the out of town line Yeah, there's so much to talk about it So much going on here live wire play Oh, yeah, we got another storm coming into more rain Pretty exciting. Yeah, we got another little storm coming by could drink a Katrina whatever it is Gotta keep those weather furries busy 22 to one at 560 WQM I just built infront You're the WQAM.com for all the latest dolphins information in your kids doing great prizes playing beat the broadcast 480 560 WQAM Holy cow, Aaron's coming If your party snacks taste like hell this year at Christmas serve Jesus of Nazareth your guests will say holy cow when they bite into these thin full-airage treats And Jesus of Nazareth coming over high at the flavors from aliphanyo to alanugia Get the snack he would have liked and the taste worth praying for Jesus of Nazareth It's your salvation this Christmas There's a Jesus of Nazareth shop on business loop 80 right next to Chrysler all night in order 17 to one at 560 WQM We got a spastic crown out there today boy there here every line will be lit up and then they're gone and then we go into break in there definitely go We got one call on there. No, it's in for waterdale. Hello. Oh, yes sir. You're good. We don't can't we have sex and yeah great Okay, like I said no lines at a morning. You know it's interesting every now and then We wind up here and from one of normal cancer old boyfriends and all of a sudden it becomes like an epidemic Like the one last year from Indiana they're very good looking but psychotic drug induced young man Air venal and one of these people discovered this show and all of a sudden day after day after day Bop-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba Over and over again. No, I'm gonna get control of your herd over there. Will you please? Oh my god. Whatever happened to Saul food. So I won't happen to my good friend Saul food Maybe they let him out again. He's on the outside. I need him desperately. Give me out of this horse and buggy town Sit here begging for air like that guy that call before that Julio. Oh, what are you? What would you do anywhere else? What would you talk about? Maybe if I went someplace else what there's like living and breathing people I'd have a response instead of coming in four hours every day like it was the first day. I was on a radio Air me single god damn day is like the first day and here on this radio station believe me it is exactly like the first day But he's unbelievable with these four or four news breaks an hour that we do So that every time you get a little moment to build up all of a sudden they hear that sound Oh, it ain't here that no matter what you're up for gone seeer and then you start all over again Show us interrupt this. That's what this play us all about show us interrupt this Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Neil. Yes, man. Yeah Two days before last five minutes to make it. What is it? Oh, Jay Simpson went last five minutes to make it. I'm on. Yeah, I'm a swath But I got to tell you I hate the word African American most of the people just realize that this but five people more You know, when I went overseas, I never heard anyone or we see Tommy African American. I always hear the sharks Well, I learned. Oh, shfarks is okay. I want to ask a CNN and the side where Porter was like coming like people I got colon Paolo's come on she's like He's African American curbing the work American I was like looking at the night shots, but we didn't turn around and just cancel that Exactly. This beats the crap out of her right there. All right. How good and back to you. Yeah, man Like I said stop for the labels already stop labeling yourself like some kind of compartmentalized human being it makes me nauseous make me sick Am I stomach and whatever the media whatever the establishment comes up with very doodily in fact the lower the groups are on the total pull like black people The more immediate they are to grasp on oh yeah, yeah, so yes, so whatever you be calling us, so that's okay. It's better nigger. Okay, so whatever you call us it's okay African American my big fat bloody victim ass 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless line Here's a mobile and pepper tying pillow in the house are going. Okay, sir. This is all this is your when you fudge back and guy Yeah, I'm sorry you had the pizza law class week. I thought one of the buttons and you signed it for me. Yeah Where can I get a new one because the button had gotten stuck and it doesn't plan anymore The button got stuck in it doesn't plan anymore. Yeah, I think when that happens Don't you know yeah, we're gonna get a new one. I don't know we're gonna be a week from a Saturday the 13 we're gonna be at this specs down in Core Gables down by the U of M on new on federal highway. Oh, right. I'll see you there noon to two. Where you fudge back in? Okay, so he's buttoned this duck and it won't pop back out like I said I understand it five six seven. Oh five sixty. Yeah. You're probably pushing to our like the seed said five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line and eight seven seven or here's a mobile and four miles Hello, hey now, yes, sir. How you doing? Hey, when you've got when you go maybe they can bring a last of their back. Yeah, there you go Oh, yeah, no, I don't think so. Okay That's it That's your material, sir. That we're paying for on this line. That's why we got line nine. Maybe they can bring a last of their back to town Mr. Terminal Mr. Coleman, do you think I like I told you that's why I can't stand can't stand that breed of people from Orlando especially Orlando They're much worse than even Tampa That's all we want to talk about from Tampa. They think that we're doing a show not a radio show, but it's show about radio Yeah, a radio show about radio. Oh, you know that real radio We don't care about real radio or unreal radio nobody here gives a flying crap about any radio stations in some Mickey Mouse little place like Orlando Okay, nobody cares And the same with Mr. TDS suicide inducer 5 670 560 pound five 60 on the AT and T line 877 785 Neil online nine Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello I know how you doing okay. I am just dumbfounded after all these years how many intelligence so called intelligence scientists Thinkers out there can be so brilliant in their and their field of life They had so ignorant when it comes to religion Some of the smartest people in the world believe these fairy tales right? I think it's like a little compartment of their mind that's closed. They can't open it up again How could somebody who is intelligent who's assigned is not say it himself. Hey, let me just sit down and think this over for a second They don't really some of them do yes. I mean I mean I I'm Jewish I grew up and I went to Hebrew school. I got all a I learned all about it. Oh But but at a point in my life I said much of you know what I'm not how do we know all this crap in the Bible happen? We can't we don't we can't even figure out exactly who shot Kennedy 30 some odd years ago Yeah, we know thousands of years ago We're gonna forget about the 36 years ago how about the plane that just crashed over And the Northeast they're off long island. I actually have no idea what happened Said to go to take a year and a half and maybe they'll be able to find out what happened Me think of the forms of communication back then there was nothing it was word of mouth All this is word about the people's old was written the Bible well who wrote the Bible? Mean when was the Bible written years after this crap happened and I wonder if Moses had a ballpoint pen to write on those tablets Yeah, I was sure running on a tablet with ballpoint pen Asked that's pretty shracks without winning out eastcraft. That was must have taken a long time to write all that stuff by the way Asked any Christian of the world the Bible they can't tell you yeah supposedly was we're doing written many years at the Jesus that now If Jesus happened who knows But how could you base your life on something on something that was written 90 years after he died? How could you base your life on a theory by people who never met him? Yeah, you know, I look at some of these religious Jews that walk around with these big coats in the pace and stuff like that And they're gonna go through life Dressed like that that doesn't make you wish you I had the right guard consistent in their neighborhood though The Bible's on panel have a great thing. I'll play I'll pray for you. Bye bye. Okay Is real history disputed Yeah, it's time for this Excavation the bunk biblical conquest stories archaeologists says Jerusalem 70 years of excavations the bunk the Bible stories often used to justify Israel's historic right to the land The leading Israeli archaeologists says Zebra Herzog is caused a stir here where the NSA arguing that the United Monarchy of David and Solomon described in the Bible as the height of military political and economic power of the people of Israel Was that most a small tribal kingdom? The excavations also indicate that the ancient Israelites were never in Egypt did not wander the desert Did not conquer land and military campaign and did not pass it on to the 12th tribes of Israel says Herzog an archaeology professor at Tel Aviv University Herzog was conducted excavations to try to confirm the Bible stories says the findings he writes about have also been known for decades But they've been ignored for fear they'll undermine the legitimacy of the Israeli state established it after 1948 war against the Arabs Palestinians more than two minutes of whom are now refugees described the war as a military land grab as George would say settlers also use the biblical story to legitimize Jewish settlements in the biblical land of Judea now the West Bank which is Relicified in the 1967 six day war the blow to the mythical foundations of the Israeli identity is apparently two threatening and is more convenient to turn a blind eye Herzog writes in the SA published yesterday in the high brow high r its magazine Any attempt to question the reliability of the biblical descriptions is perceived as an attempt to undermine our historic right to the land and As shadowing the myth of the nation that is renewing the ancient kingdom of Israel he adds it's time for archaeology Archaeological findings to displace biblical myths he says both religious and secular Israelis have denounced third-sogs thesis It's an insult to the Ottoman integrity of history said Hanan portat head of the right wing National Union party which strongly supports Jewish settlements on the occupied West Bank of course Rabbi Shalom gov who teaches at Jerusalem College dismissed Herzog as someone who will get his little moment in the limelight and then pass From the scene Joseph Lopy at head of the staunchly secular with Shinu we party describe Herzog's SA is Tee-persood of sensation-lism Support did come from his rear Israel's education minister Yocis Sarid who said he might make the findings part of the curriculum if they're found to be academically sound Herzog says archaeologists have long tried to verify Bible stories at point to the origins of these Relites many ancient Egyptian documents remain today But none mentions the presence of these relates in Egypt Herzog whites nor did they mention the Exodus to the desert Which some argue occurred in 1445 BC in the Bible one of the major events that shaped the people of Israel as the story of how Joshua led them into conquering the land from the Canaanites That includes the story of the toppling of the walls of Jericho and the conquest of the city of O' Ali But excavations found that at the last part of the 13th century BC the agreed upon period for the conquest neither Jericho nor Ali existed Herzog says There was no factual basis for the biblical story about the conquest by Israelite tabs in the military campaign Led by Joshua he writes adding that Palestine was under Egyptian rule until the middle of the 12th century BC So who then were the Israelites Herzog asks the name Israel is mentioned in a single Egyptian document and refers to an ethnic group of farmers who worked the land and raised sheep in a small settlement You come along way, baby from sheep farmers But they sure were friendly excavations in Jerusalem I'm out if they were circumcised excavations in Jerusalem over the past century and I have tried to find evidence of the mighty unified monarchy of David and Solomon described in the Bible The findings indicate the monarchs were the rulers of tribal kingdoms that controlled small areas Herzog said How do you like that? Oh Just another bunch of bubble micees from the Bible fairy tales 5605050 pound five 60 on the AT&T line 877785 kneels 785 6345 Here's my any hello Yes, sir Kind of a cruise Greek neck is that a real thing or a joke a bigger person The commercial about kind of a cruise You don't call them up and find out. I don't know. Here's my Emmy. Hello Oh, no, yes, sir. I like to this first time with a call you I've been to you all the time But what did you say it's elephant number a little bit slower? Yeah, because it's going a little bit fast. Okay all the time okay That's six For me I really got I mean seven, and then what you say you said so quick on me for everybody else I give it much more slowly 567 567 I like your problem with yes, and basically you should talk more about date counting Meaning what meaning you like my program a lot of know you want to tell me what I should talk about No, I talk about anything but let's give a little bit push on on the things about date counting What is it to talk about besides corruption and banana boat people? What else are there to say what can be done about that nothing nothing? No This is a radio show. I don't have the answers to the Man kind sir, we should I did I wish I had a magic one the way Okay, you thank you and God bless you. I'll pray for date counting. Okay, sir. Okay, okay, right now. We're real hot all tonight for a pre-date counting 567560 pound 560 on the 186. Yeah, should talk more about date counting. You think I should talk I don't We most of us have written date counting off although we will be at these specs on US one right by there in the the geobiles that is Right by you of them noon to two on Saturday November 1313 like I said lucky 13 For center one and OJ will not be there any to roll a screw in by the way We can help a G not permanently. We don't want to see her of the ass or the rest of her Just unbelievable unconscionable the kind of thing that could one in this place I can't there are no words to describe the way I feel about this excuse for a place of business 25560 WQM But it's a one to two hour Well, where are we? Can that swing G B? That this Monica Louis B I got you reachy but it's fallen too far Probably what she was doing when she played her far Well, she thanked her hand on the steering wheel Not the usual way we feel Sign off the road there straight ahead Drop stop with me or she would soon be dead Gave it some gas and swear to the right and force a best boom lightning She lost control the parlour and landed next to the prize Yeah Well,  your car Huck who feels the same. Huck now did not get into chicken soup. He had where you fuck back him. One or two at five fifty, WMXR big gigantic, crack smelly one to two hour. Today we got Hank Goldberg from Cool City, a two. We got the bokeh stick in a big in fact six to ten. And we got a capling with a professional G.A. Show ten o'clock tonight. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five. Oh, I'm sorry. Five six, seven. Oh, five six, Oh, pound five six, Oh, on the AT&T line. And out of town it's eight seven seven. So I can't give him a slaw. I can't just cancel it out. Seven eight five. And EIL. And we ought to talk more about Dave County. What do you think? Huh? No. Okay. I want to talk about Dave County. I want to live in Dave County. I want to work in Dave County. We're just under the county line. Closer off that control the change. My good friend Sylvia at the pool booth there. So I have a great day Sylvia. Uh, five six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's Talahansy. Hello. Yeah, Neil. I like your new eight seven seven numbers. Pretty cool. Yeah, this. Um, I think it's a good time. I saw that that movie Stick modna. And that's talking about the abuse of power and the church. And he being the masses in the dark about findings and mumbo jumbles. They okay. Yeah, the blood of Christ. Really crying. So that's loud. I'm going to do it for the blood of Christ. What type was he? Oh, oh, negative or something. We'll have to check it out. I wonder if any weed is uh, Yeah. Yeah. Enough talking about Broward County. We can talk about the whole Dan country if you'd like to. In fact, if we just impose a whole tank, there will whole fee like they did that the Gulf turn. They're probably always tearing them around. Yeah, I think it's a bad idea to do anything that you know, jaded plan to call it. So. If anyone can walk a water deep in. Yeah. Okay. And closing out like the name the, uh, whole. Uh, a bad thing in the, a deep back. Thanks a lot. That's what the world needs. Maybe. It's got getting accesses and went and out cleansed out. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. The NH, do no harm. That's a very simple. Oh, no. What a Bible saying. I mean, but I'm open about for the, okay. Keep complicating things, man. And more complicated. You want to make it the more difficult. And because we're going to be. You're going to be a good man. And more complicated. You want to make it the more difficult. And becomes. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Hey, how's going? Okay, sir. Hey, man. I wake up to you every day. I set my alarm clock. So I can hear you morning. And, uh, just, just a trip, man. Listen to you. I just want to say that. Yeah. Just a couple of comments, man. At least we were talking about how the world's going to hand in all that. I mean. Most of our, like, religious people. And like, you know, Arabs and Jews and Muslims, Hindus and Protesters and Catholics. Yeah. And it's like, you know, they're the ones that are doing all the fighting, you know. And the other, the other shame was like the Pope in America, you know. He came over here to a stop to death penalty for the execution of the... Yeah, they're feared in the internal affairs of this country. So he, he interfered in the execution of a murder in Missouri. Yeah. And misery. And what happened is, um, you know, what I look at anyway from the outside is like, you know, it's just a pocket. I mean, here the Pope is comes over here. It tells everybody stop it. Next thing, a couple days later, they execute the guy. I mean, do you throw some of the most for which his people in America in the Midwest, you know. So, I don't get it, man. Neither. You get a church? No. No. 560, pound 560 on the AT. Well, I'm trying to do good stuff. This happens all the time. I can't stand what it's happened. They're really good stuff comes in and we didn't get any. We got our sandwiches this morning from the Borshead guy. But they're really good stuff came in and we didn't get a guy named bit of it. Not even a sniff. Here's Keeper's Gain. Hello. Oh, keep it. Yes, sir. Anyhow, I have a show. I'm your reporter on the field. There's just a couple little breaking news. There's a plane that just went down, a little sussan, west, or laudadel. And by the way, they said that also Peyton didn't die. It's his liver thing. He died of cancer. Right. I just thought that I didn't know if anybody knew that. Also, just one way. Why wouldn't we know that? Oh, I don't know. I guess I was wrong. You are brilliant. You are God. No, it's not God. It's in the newspaper. It was on the news last night. I mean, if you watch it, I'll lie you right. I understand. I understand what you're saying. All right. But the assessment thing is, just in case there was awful that we would have a request to a two-dread today for my please. Okay. Have a great day. Oh, you know something I'm going to play music. I mean, these people have got nothing to do. Well, what's just happened when I blackline you had on there. What was that? Somebody just loved it. He keeps calling. Oh, the blackline out because I hung up on it really fast. Oh, good. No, that scares me when I see that blackline. I'm not that I want to get back into the racial stuff from yesterday again. You know, but I do have this thing about things black. Like black cats. Even like little black dogs. Sometimes they get a little spook with them, especially when they do. And they do. Some of the deposits around. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T wireless line. Whatever happened at the fine art of verbal and of course, man. Did we ever have it in this town? Oh, maybe about 100 years ago. We had, do we have a real woman colored today? We had the crazy woman talking about how we're a son wanted to get the chicken soup in New York. Whatever the hell I was all about at the Yankee Victory Celebration. And then we had the really crazy lady talking about the Howard Cossail. Too much off the top or something like that about a bad haircut. That's it. That's the woman we've had today. See, I want to say one thing. I don't know why I beg for women callers because what we do get women callers. 99% of them are wackos anyway. Wackos and game players, which oh, man. Remember I was telling you off the year that just not too many days ago about how old you straight guys have to put up with these game playing women. Oh, do we? Oh, yeah. And boy, do we have the greatest game playing bitch in the world here at this radio station? Yes, we do boys and girls. How do I start with that screw-in business again? Let's play some little games. Let's manipulate. Let's get out the pictures again. Let's threaten people. Let's throw a tantrum. You are the anti-Christ screw-in. You are the scum of the universe. And that's a compliment. Here's Miami. Hello. Can I speak to me? I beg your pardon. Oh, I want to speak to me. Hey, now how's it going? Can you speak to you? Yes. Hey, now. I just want to ask you a question. I said you are a wonder one. I want to ask you a question. You thought it's an axe? That's what the sound of the sound of the sound. I want to ask you a question. You thought it's an axe? That's what the sound of the like thing. Okay. I'm sorry. You didn't say that. The abonics are so loud. You know, I want to ask you, you travel a lot. And comparing mine and airport, I mean, what we do do if you will put in charge of that in order to give it a makeover. New kids. Seriously? I mean, what I would do is like, you know, bring some outside people. Who aren't paying off people from the UN side to get the concessions in there. Bring in some really good like it like make a food court like they have in a real restaurant. But that's not going to happen. I was told just not too many days ago that they're bringing in some guy who's, you know, Schmer and this one and Schmer and that one who's got all the rights in there. And he's going to bring it his own stuff in there. I take you read the articles of the winner. You know, I did last week. I'm not going to finally, they did. And the list. Finally, finally, he did something good. Yeah. How come they waited all these years though? This, this is not a news story. It's been like this for 20 years now. Yeah. A lot of good things about the if demands, therefore, Schifel. People, it's great. Yeah. He's a little bit. You talk about shopping. I mean, they've got just dozens and dozens. I mean, you can shop for anything and they're clothing and food and books. I mean, it's phenomenal. It's enormous place. And it keeps expanding all the time. And they got their own train station in there. You get, you know, from your plane, you walk, uh, not too far. And you get on the train. Takes you right down. That's a real city man. Yeah. This is make believe. Yeah. And I think it is. A lot of people, man. I mean, I heard also that they're going to start those the biggest flights out of Miami. Yeah. But that's for real life. I asked public in that the other day again. We keep hearing they're going to do this. And you know, something that was supposed to start in December. Don't hold your breath. Yeah. I'll hold your breath. No, I took your advice. I ruined the hitcher. And that was actually a very good movie. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we just can't pay me ask this question. We're going to tell you so a black person hitchhiking. A black person hitchhiking? You never see it. I don't see anybody hitchhiking anymore. Well, yeah. I mean, that's sort of died out in the late 70s. Oh, thank God. I mean, that's just one of those questions that questions I asked myself. I never see that. I'm going to go out and find some after this show. Thank you. Power. Okay. What do you see? You got lost in the middle of the spiddler on record hours. Chin. 560560. By the way, FX sucks. Okay. You people have boxed your FX movie channels sucks. Well, I mean, talk about a bunch of pussy's watching that thing in here one day last week. And they bleed out the part where C Thomas hal goes in there and spits right there on record hours. I mean, that's like a very appointed, that's an important part of the movie. I mean, it's symbolic in a community, whatever you wanted to mean, but it's, you know, got something. I guess that's what they're afraid of. Assels. It's 11 after one. A few. Dolphins, hurricanes plus Sunday and money night football. Your football superstition is sport radio 560QAM. Yeah, get dating. Yeah, get dating. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What 15 to 560WQAM were the Israelis ever in Egypt. No. No. No. Yeah. No. No. How do you like that? 567. Uh-huh. And it's still ain't going to go down to you guys. Yeah. That's the S. So the speed. 567560 pound 550 on the 18T line 877785NL 78563405 on the other townline. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. I love you. First of all, I've been saying the Bible for a long time and being a woman. The only women in the Bible seem to be whores or martyrs. So I never accept this. Sounds like you are in the name. Secondly, I just came back from Kayla, fromocone. Sons.tomkey west. And, I got to see her in some public syringe see howadura used the aldinary suburbs. Hi. Hi, Hello, I am Kathy Wood, and I'm from Cajor . You came through. We are all around Cajor  this morning. So many times. I follow somewhere in Q. ences.? Well, Yes, hello, Amanda. Right, if I stand, she fest. So apparently there were no goffers or non-sitters on the plane. Two hundred and seventeen people. There's seventeen people. George, you have any idea what she's talking about? No. There's no sign of any herald. Twenty-one-seven-team people died in the air. Egypt crash. This is a time living key west. Yeah, there was a plane living key west, but there wasn't two hundred and seventeen people on it. I think there were four people on it. Man. Okay, then. Oh my god. Two hundred and seventeen people died on a plane from Key West. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, tom five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Seriously, I feel like Ish-Kamibble. There's no limit limit like that. Here's a mobile-in-West Palm Beach, Lowe. Yes, sir. That's the great, well-informed people of South Florida. How do you like that? It was right on the front page. Two hundred and seventeen people died on a plane from Key West. Five was an unemployment page. Yeah. Two things. As a golfer, I agree with everybody saying it is probably the most boring game to watch. Right. Second, just got back from your paper place. You're talking about religion before. One of the amazing things that I found out when I was there, this time is the cleaning the 16-chapel. And the Japanese are paying for it. Yeah. 97 million dollars is what they're paying. Clean it. And now you cannot take a picture. In the entire 16-chapel. It talks about commercialism. In the kitchen. It's a little... Yeah. Well, the Japanese have to pay for the attendants. People are going to pay for it. They don't want to do it with the Vatican. But if the church, the church you'd be paying for it. It's a beer. Why should they pay for it if the Japanese want to pay? Well, again, they turned it into a total commercial enterprise. Gee, what a shock. I'm surprised. Thank you. Okay, you ready? Had a good time. All right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. We got 600 open lines. 41 minutes to go here. We're running the edges. I'm great news. I got to tell you that. This has been quite a collection today. This one you think you've had a greatest collection of calls ever. You come in and you get these today. These are really special. Here's the mobile and cross-bring. Hello. Yeah. You don't like it. Why don't you leave? If you don't like it. What would you do then? What would you do then? What would you do? Oh, no answer for me. I can't answer the question. What would you do? Who's still listening? The same liner. If you don't like it, why don't you leave? I'll leave when I'm ready to leave. Like I told it last time. And the time before that that you call with the same stupid question. Okay. Winer. Waaaaah. I love it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless. Go out and walk it to moon. Okay. Maybe it'll go away. Maybe it'll fall right onto the sky. Maybe it'll fall on the back door. Oh, no. If we're lucky. Here's tempered pine. Hello. Pepper pine. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. On Jordan Hall. And back to you. Thank you. Neil. This is John Lombardo from Lombardo's Meat Sandelli. You have literally destroyed my salesman. My salesman is wrecked. He, you have just ripped him into asshole. What do you mean? Well, he was in here and he was taking my board's head order. And I'm so glad you mentioned him, boys. That's a whole of a private. Don't mention his name. No, I'm not going to mention his name. But you called him a jet fan. He hates the jet. Oh, this must be the wrong guy, then. He'd know. It's the right guy. He just don't like the jet. He was there twice to you this week. Dropping off. He wasn't dropping off anything to me. He was in that morning crowd. He's got nothing to do with us. Oh, yeah. But he made sure that he wanted you to get some of it. And we know he didn't. If you know him, you'll want you to get some. Believe me, he didn't want us to get any of it. I think he did. He wanted to spread the wealth. Okay. He really did. He wanted to spread the wealth. Yeah. He loves you, Neil. And he loves you. He said because you think he's a jet fan. And he really isn't. He hates the jet. He is a dolphin fan. So what does he call a morning sure all the time and pretend to be a jet fan? No. No. I listen to the morning sure. He doesn't pretend to be a jet fan. Okay. Well, listen. Have a great day. Oh, God. Oh. Oh. Oh. 560, 560, pound 560. And then I asked him this morning is that the same wichy that's wichy the jet fan that calls and is always talking about Joe in his big head. He said, yeah, that's a guy, but he's not a bad guy. And then I'll just guys give me a song to dance. This is a reality. This is a dream. This is a dream. This is a dream. I mean, you know, I find it get written pretty much. Oh, 99% over my list area. Maybe this is hysteria. Maybe this is like the aftermath of eating those bad weenies. That must be it. Only what's your excuse? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. As we continue searching for a real call here today. If we had what you would consider like a real call today. Oh, I don't think so. Maybe some like on the edges of it. Have we had any sane women call this show today? Oh, no. Oh, okay. At least they're consistent. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. I'll go and deal. Yes, sir. What a ponderous day. Oh, unbelievable. I mean, it's like beyond that. Did you have a little kid? Yeah, I think you're a little kid. A little carried away. But anyway. Did you happen to catch the Lenny Bruce? No, I didn't know. No, no, no, no. Well, he had the solutions of racism. Yeah. And just completely wipe it out on a global level. Yeah. Basically he said that. What was that? Are you looking to toilet or something? And now it just passed the truck. Oh. His thing was if you if everybody in the world would just start blanking everybody else. Oh, no. Nobody already are. We don't be the same color. Yeah, they already are. And then racism would be like out the window. Mm-hmm. And then these people who see color, you know, would see no color anymore. Yeah. You know, like that. No. No. Well, I tried. Okay. Have a great day, sir. Thanks. You'll go to sleep. Okay. We'll tell you when we'll wake up. 5677707. 5677. 785. 785. 6345. For these supposedly rest of Florida line. Did not program direct to take care of that little problem by the way on that line. Evidently not. And now realize he was gone for a couple of days, but evidently that the still hasn't been taking. Maybe we have to wait for George Corso to come back because every time I ask our program director to do anything. Well, we have to wait for a- Um, come back. Whoever this. Maybe we have to wait for Richie from Boris had to come back with more sandwiches. Then we can take care of that. Here's a mobile in the homestead. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Since you are the Italy Connoisseur, I wanted to get home to information. I'm leaving there to go there on Sunday for 11 days. Yeah. Well, kind of money. I mean, I don't make as much money as you do. Yeah. But what would I do for money? What's the good amount I should take? What does that mean? What would you do for money? I don't understand what that means. What's the good thing? What's the good thing? What you're going to do? Yeah, we're sure everything. They're going to take us everywhere. But people who have told me all that 300,000, 400,000, they can $1,000. Take $1,000 for 11 days? Well, everything stays for it. Yeah. Including your meals? Meals and everything. Oh. And I just, I never been out of track. Can I let you go? You're going on a tour? Thanks, back. Oh, I hate that. Oh, you don't tell me that. Oh, I just just not for me. Maybe you'll have a good time. Maybe you'll have a good time. Yeah, I don't know Italy. I don't know where to go. Yeah. So you decided to take a tour and let us show everything. Yeah. They want to become good on it. Then I'll go on my own. Well, what else are you going to spend? I mean, if your meals are all paid for, I'll need you. What do you need? If you want to box, I guess. If you want to box? Yeah. Okay. Well, I'll do that. Hopefully everything will work out. Okay. Every time. Thank you, sir. Okay. Take some money. Take some cash. Take a few million. Well, you know. Thousands of lower 60 cents. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless lunch. And by the way, don't need a McDonald's place. Yes, they have many McDonald's in Rome. Do not go there or we'll report to the FBI and let course in Oster. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Why are you so afraid of the truth that God does exist? Oh, I'm terrified. No, seriously, Neil. What kind of crap is that? What kind of nonsense is that? Yeah. And I'm not going to attack because I don't agree with you very very deals attack me. I'm afraid of the truth. What's the truth? Can I tell you that I had three miracles in my family? I had three miracles, huh? Well, I'm not a family. I'm a tree, a fig tree, and a maple tree, or a figment of your imagination. Neil. Yes. You can still dish it off, but you can't take it, right? I'm listening to your bubble mice. You sure let's hear it. Are you listening? I'm listening and stop the personal attacker your history, man. You gave me a book. Okay, bye. How many times does he call with the same bubble mice? He's too disgusting. This asshole. You're just like all the other religions sir. Attack, attack, attack, attack. I'm a bad guy. You're the good guy because you have all these miracles in your life and you're a good guy. You believe in all those fairy tales. Great. I'm happy for you. The works for you. I'm happy for you. 560, 50560, on the AT&T line. 877, 785, Neil, any I.L. On the out of Florida line. Whatever it is. Deadline. 26 after one, a QA. Only one South Florida radio. 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10. You're doing something to it. Go for it. Weak the afternoon to two. Sports radio 560, QA, Mio Ryder. By the offspring. And what do you want? Who know those press? What's your simple state? Yeah. He needs some cool tunes, not just any of the sites. They don't have ice cubes, so he bought vanilla ice. Now cruising in his tento, he sees homeies as he taps. But if he looks twice, they're going to kick his lollipop. Now he's getting a tattoo. He's getting inked up. He asked for a 13, but they drew a 31. Friends say he's trying too hard. He's not quite hip. But in his own mind, he's the dopest trip. Give it to me, baby. Uh-huh. Give it to me, baby. Uh-huh. Give it to me, baby. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Give it to me, baby. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. No. Oh, 31. 560, WDQ, my little technical company. We didn't even get to put him into a lot of stress here today. Mindloat or strange? No. Well, I'm not too good excuse. Well, I'm touching around because I knew this week. I got his just unbelievably bad. Just tragic. 560, 50560, pound-560 on the AT&T line. And of course, this line here, the waste of timeline. Hello. Like I said, here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. And regarding the cheap grey interview with feed roseland. No, no. 560 and by the way, Ablin can go to bad headache. Okay? Regarding the call-up out of the sports show, I was maybe they'll still talk about that, but I really... No. I doubt it. Okay. Yeah, exactly. Let's paint our eyes shut. In fact, I don't think I have to paint them at this point. Can you imagine not, and now you told me that bad, it was about we're like, what do they call it? The internet for all the entire world to show this week? All access.com. All access.com. Thank you. There's a lot of people in this show in their thinking, Wow, listen to these calls from South Florida, man. Those must be the dumbest guy than people on the face of the year. What kind of a bunch of calls are those? What kind of a bunch of mouth-reading idiots? They got down there, huh? Oh, my God. So we are doing a public service, and you're welcome, by the way, all over the world. Because what you hear, believe me, when I tell you, is exactly what you're getting. Little bit like that. Kind of like, yeah. Here's my NAB, Chela. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. And back to you. I haven't talked just to you. I haven't talked much about the election today. Why would I talk much about the election? I thought you didn't have some, you know, interesting comments about what's happening in my area. I personally think, you know, I'm going to vote for, again, Surek, a lot on vote for Anna Sweet. Anna Sweet, yeah. Writing Kid Curry, too. Huh? Yeah. I think she'll be, you know, at least I tell you about it here though. I still think she's got a one of the most beautiful chests I've ever seen. Yes, not chest, Anne. Spuffle it. Sometimes maybe your asses were chested as supposed to be. I don't know, but it's big. That's what kids said. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, where I was lying. She's old news pal, old news. Here's a lady mobile and West Palm, hello. Yes, man. Hi. I wanted to tell me he should have as much luck and Vegas as I did. I just, I just won a Dodge Biper at the MGM. Wow. That's great. Yeah. I just wanted to tell you I hope you have as much fun as I did. I hope so too. Thank you. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Bye. She is like that. See there is no guy. You see that? Totally. Wow. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, where I was lying. Here's my M.I.I. Hello. Hi. How are you today? Okay. I just called the Lichonote at, uh, you have a glitch hole. Yes, I do. And call or select what I have a tremendous show. You didn't do the job. I beg you pardon? You are doing a glitch. I'm doing a spectacular job. I am. Okay. Do you want to do that? Speaking of big cowardice. Can you tell me why this cube has to lie to me? I mean, Capeteen County? No, no. The Cuban women denied me. They don't give me. Cuban women. The Cuban women. Why did all this be? The Cuban women who did my Amy. Yeah. Why did all this women? Women. How many amd has you spotted with? How do you? No. The Belieu. Hi. Oh. Oh my gosh. The women who did my Cuban women. They're probably married to Cuban men. Oh, because they all pass. That's right. They're under a lot of, they're under a lot of directs. Yeah, because they're under a little mini directs. Yeah, because they're Cuban men who look allow, you know, let me know, like, Sparks is what George said. That's why they give you a sour push. They don't like darkies. Sir. What happened to them? Oh, I guess I mean, you're used to there. Yeah, man. Yeah, man. They don't like dark folks. It's not even normal. Cuban women. Yeah, I'm telling you. But we did that, yeah, that we did. Yes. But I'm not dark skin. Aren't you dark? You sound dark. No. How dark are you? I want to scale a one to 10. Oh, I'm being the darkest of nine and a half. You're my complexion, pastry? Yeah. But the voice like that, where are you from? Fiji. Fiji. Yeah. You did something, man. Okay. See you, man. I'm going to bed. Then leave those Cuban women alone. Okay. Okay. Go ahead. Go ahead and let us speak. Oh, my God. This is great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp 5. This is my kind of show today. This is the meat and potatoes at this time, boy. I can laugh this up at the longest tongue you ever see. I've done it. I love it. Want me to prove it to you? Here's South Miami. Hello. I'll go near how are you? Pretty good. I just cut in from Key Watch and I found out that you used to it when the golf tournament. Yeah. He did. I went into February lady realize what she said. I mean, that's why I asked her 45 different times what she's talking about. 217 people died on a plane from Key Watch. And she just mumbling like that. Of course, she lives in Hellendale. What do you expect? Hey, listen. I travel all over Latin America for my job. And I have noticed one thing. I work on cargo aircraft and a lot of the young men that come on. On the aircraft, offload, to plane, love, to play crab ass. Yeah. What's up with that? With who with you? With each other. Oh, I see. What's wrong with that? Spent her in putting hand grenades in the overhead. All right. I love your show. Something's got a blow up. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Something's got to blow some time. Maybe it's scored score. It's right. Oh, you want to see this stuff that goes on in my late at night? I can only imagine. I think I'm going to hang out there. I'm going to be here for tonight about 10. 30 11 o'clock and just hang out in the T-room. Just kind of like see what's going on. Take a little peek out of the corner of my eye. See some of the action going on over there, especially in that that concourse H stands for Homo. I think is what that concourse H is all about. You know what I'm saying? On Homo. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, of course, they're all Latinos. So what do you expect? And pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Why the sliders? They do it here. Purchase pound. This is often as you can. 22 before two at WQA. I'm the Homo of total in hospitality and Homo of total. I'm that thing with a golf tournament. Well, I wouldn't give just so that we never would have been involved in the first place. My instinct told me just say, no, I just, oh, and you know what wasn't it great? Who was it that said the other day? And that great Republican debate the other night knew answer. And the way to solve the drug problem is just go back and do a Nancy Reagan said, Just say, no. Yeah, there you go. There's a real mature adult answer for you. There's how to solve the so-called drug problem is just tell a kid to say, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. There you go. Wow. Thank God for the Republican Party coming forward with these really great messages for the new millennium. Thank God for them. 22 till 2 at 2 AM. It flies from the bogad del bar. No, use a loud country club. It's a WQAF, charity doctor. Oh, I'm an adolescent. This is a website opened after art but furniture, we're here to provide you with all the playboy Play and action. Right. Oke is addressing the father. They're callers. At least we can compete. And we have to lie to the guy I'm gonna think of. We'll talk to him right now, say Tia! Oh, when a Snyder hears his opinions, a Davidranchler hears lightning for his notks. Caprich the bar. He's a baristage. I'm laying cases attempting to bury his balls and the frayty has built you a realistic balance. It's on chew now. I'm curious. Okay, as I could still be hungry after the power of this law is going to die. More on board, more. But it's really not me. I wish you take this time and thank you in the generous south of WQAM, while providing the lightful finger food in this courtesy of Raka Hauers, Bubey at Baf. More on board. Have you tried the father beans? No. You remember all proceeds from this patch go directly to WQAM, and preferably with checks written to cash, and will return with more after this word from who that does. Don't be such a stupid. Okay, 16 till 2 at 560 WQAM. Love that golfer and baby. Huh? 600 open lines, 560, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line, and then of course there's always that Florida line. Here's a mobile in POPPO. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I hope you don't hang up on the I'm a Christian believer, and I want to apologize for the so-called believers that call in and attack you and verbally fake things against you. Yeah, why don't I take any crap from anybody? That's part of my question. Well, it's wrong. It's scripted wrong. The Bible says that you'd be in Jewish, that we are to bless you and if we curse you, we will be cursed. I would you have enough guts for me to pray for you today. What was the moment? Pray. Well, father in the name of Jesus. And the name of Jesus, kid lost. Okay, 40 bastard. 560, 0560, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line, but I'll tell you we've had them all today. We had them all. Or what? 6,000 open lines. You're waiting on you. We've got 15 minutes to go. Maybe you can top that guy. Okay. He's praying for me. I'll pray for you, pal. I'll go top tonight and get cocked off of you. I'm how do you like that? Cock's a hoist. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Mr. Rogers? Yes, sir. I just want to make sure you're here. I mean, I'll. There you go. That thing with the holes in the works like a miracle. Okay. I just want to make remarks about that discussion. You have with the gentleman's name Mr. OJ. Senza, also. Discussions I had with him. I have never had no other business. I don't know. Things would. People that are calling in your program. Yes. I think that you realize that this is the price your system has to pay. But what do you mean my system? What is your system? No, no. No, I have. You know, you are in American citizens. I'm not. Where what's it is? I'm from your second home place from the Netherlands. Oh. You have the duty. You're a jurisdiction, right? You're a system. Yes. And that is the price you're going to pay for. You have sometimes very uneducated people in the duty. Because everybody is bound. No, not so let's forget about OJ. Let's talk about something important. Like where do all those forces come from that are peddling drugs out on the streets of Amsterdam and can we send them back? Well, I don't think you. I'm talking about those black folks. The redlocks, the roster guys that are going to come. Well, I'm quite glad for where they all come. I mean, everything else in Amsterdam is beautiful. It's wonderful as you know. But why are those guys there? They carry a big carry the Dutch passport. Yeah. What can we do to take them away? That's what my question is. Let's start confiscating their passports. If the Netherlands and Tiles, the independence and then you can put them out. But you know, I guess no place is perfect. You know, we've always got to have something to just a little irritating. No, I wanted to be. I think I tell you, we all think that's about that's about that's about four, four, four. Well, that's just about advertising. You don't need any advertising. That tremendous tourist business. But it's just irritating. It's annoying. But just not that you can do if they, if they, you know, they're maybe a bad might help. Maybe a communal bathhouse might be good. Why shouldn't I say that? No bathhouse. That's bad. Well, if they're that citizens, you can't put them out. You know, and they get free social security and free medicines and all. Everything. Yeah. But listen, if, if, if, if, we had the old days in case, if it went, you know, in Europe, in a case like that's for murder, we have three judges. You know, he would have never been if, you know, if he was three white judges. Huh? Three white judges. No, maybe not. Oh, yeah. That's a man. In Netherlands, you have white judges. Who are we? The day are some also from, you know, from the old colonies. You have judges that are brown and black and carry the Dutch nationality. So listen, you know, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, I think you have a problem. You only don't Amsterdam. And if you have a being to an upsetting home, do we? Do any other city in an Netherlands? No. Why don't you do that once? For what? Huh? I mean, because I have a limited amount of time when you go on vacation and you don't want to waste your time traveling around and you know, we want to be in one place. Go. Isn't that, if I can leave tomorrow, be glad if I have like two, three months that can take off, I'd be delighted. Well, I agree that Amsterdam is, you know, it's, it's the best in, not only in Holland, but in the world. That's true in Europe. But do me a favor whenever you dare again. Well, what would you recommend? Why do you go to the southern part of Holland? I'd go to, to, to, to them both into much strict and musteries. Yeah. And then we're going to, you know, first of all, the people are much friendly and nicer in the south part of the Netherlands. They feel pretty friendly to me in the north part, I don't know. I don't have any problem that we go with. It's in very friendly. Do what they'd want to do. And they'd want to do real-firm. It would cost you much. And even the people in Colom, which is in Germany, but right across the board of every friendly too, it's a beautiful city. If you're being too, do some golf? No. Do it too. Only at the train station. Do you see the office? It is nice as Colom. What? Is it as nice as Colom? Uh, well, no. They're all German cities, you know. Have you been to Berlin? Oh, yes, many times. You like it? I love Berlin. Oh, yes. It's a beautiful city. Well, I tell you, despite all those Germans, it's beautiful. 95% of all big European cities, much nicer than any American city. Absolutely correct. You agree with you? You agree with you. And the mentality of the people in the streets, you think it's shot, they're not close. Well, you talk to people, you sit on a torrent, you talk to your neighbors here. If you talk to somebody in the elevator and the building, they think you want to buy a bag. You know? Correct, that's correct. So something is wrong, and it's getting worse here. Well, you and I will sit down on the Danes Square and we'll have a long time. Well, the company that hires me here, the contract is over in seven months. Yeah. And I'll probably be on the same flight we two back inside. There you go. Okay, don't go. Don't go out and put things in. Okay, so. It's time to be forward two at five, 60 WCW in your Dutch station for the 90s.