Texas Concerned Joe Concerned Joe 560 WQAM My Amiport Lutterdale presents the Neal Legros Concerned Joe WCM A mail called 567-0560 Co-free What needs a driver is more powerful 560 in your cell phone The use of Neal is guest callers Anyone else on the show Do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley-Weed Acquisitions Or the Beesley Broadcasters Now Neal Rogers On Sports Radio 560 QAL Oh, try P.O. I'm not like the guy in the guy You're doing great in another people's Red and that's not business What you do is up in you Why some post-cannon CRP I thought this country was free As far as what anybody else likes to do I like this post Don't be relaxed And not aware But the cancer in the heart of the act In the meantime The cell phone is empty as I can get But since you two all are getting the impest And I'd like this strangle The son of a bitch that tells me Not the smoke pot cigarette Oh, right Smoke smoke smoke that cigarette Smoke smoke that smoke that cigarette I smoke pot I tell you that Don't give a crap what you say Now get the hell out of my way Go top, go top, go top Another cigarette Hohoho Now and you can't smoke it Most restaurants, Fortlerins or even bars It's the most bashes of gender ops See ya Not don't eat any judgment fast on me My son's sanctimonious ass Just because I'm smoking It's a cigarette Smoke smoke That cigarette Oh Smoke that smoke Carried by smoke pot I'm just dead I don't have a little fun To get door hands out of my lungs Oh, no no no no no no cigarette Okay The one two streams of those two teams About how dangerous cigarette cigarettes can be Or smoke in the lead Gee, I guess it's so dangerous Done If you want any more ass I smoke a lot of fat Let me bet that over And you can kiss my ass And let's go to hell Another cigarette Smoke smoke that cigarette So smoke that smoke Carried by smoke pot Okay I'll tell you about my way Or I'll tell you about those Okay Or fake Girls I'll tell you about that I'll tell you about that Zibirale Y'all Okay 10-03 at 5-60 WQM All I can say is Wow what a day It's about time we had some excitement in this joint I'm so damn it It's about time we had a joint in this place Y'all Are we already here, though? Estations See how he's doing Have you ever seen anybody come into work as pie? Is he as everyday? I don't want to start picking on Jason because he's a good guy All he does need to lose about 15 pounds But nevertheless Oh it's speaking a good guys We got so much today It's all inside stuff by the way If everybody got there that wants your inside stuff We had a brawl in the hall this morning Big major brawl Little dog and And uh Bluff Lindsay Major I mean the walls were thumping and tumbling And uh bumping and grinding And uh Ha ha ha ha Man About quarter after nine No, it's somebody came in here Open the door up and it sounded like the world was coming to an end up there We're all going Oh yeah, let's go take a look and see what's going on It's otherwise very boring place But before I go into that So speaking of Jason so yesterday Leaving here I was going to light up a cigar and walk by and see David what's his name? The creep I mean the board David Cohen Thank you I was going to see if I could get the you know Arisa at him by puffing a couple of in his face Because you got so psychotic Monday when I made the grotesque mistake Excuse me Alighting up the cigar in our non smoking building even though I was on a way out Okay, excuse me David I haven't got late in the last 45 years and I'm only 20 years old But nevertheless So I go and he's not in there and there's a couple of guys in there and I don't know who the hell they are because there's like 75 different interns working on that show And so I look in the studio and Hank is sitting there with a clown shirt on it looked like it crossed between Christmas and Because we had Christmas tree and a Hanukkah bush A clown outfit on and so I'm laughing and I'm like pulling on my shirt and like pointing it in and he starts laughing like Like he don't kid it. I'm like a hand was yeah like what is that and he's laughing like I guess I don't know And so as I walked away from there it's just finally dawned on me and I know we mentioned this before because like the morning show The one that's got those the cleaning ratings those badly declining numbers the morning show requires several people to work on Of at least three of them are in the year But Hank show I guarantee you when Hank was on a bell mount he let's see almycles Dave Johnson Charles C. Candy Jim McKay Plus all the production crew all the cameraman you put them all together It pales into when significance compared to the number of people that QA inputs in here to pull off the Hank over show And most days they still can't get it on the run time Oh, like that And it just dawned on me then I got in the car and the most astonishing thing was that most of those people were on the year making like Got a whole sound that make guilty sound like water cronkite Well, I don't know I'm letting you look it up in the book Hank. I mean what a suck fast that deal is In the afternoon They're all in there. They're shining your shoes and the spring the order rent and I may just unbelievable What is that what a suck fast that Hank Goldberg show is man? I'm not going to get anything back to them just go to let it all hang out You know it's the award awards here today on QA See the middle of the summer it's boring as crap your calls suck. Let's face it Hey, you ain't you getting any new your team you tagging achy. I mean what what that how was that? Did you hear that right right to the end of their show? Well, you couldn't help her we had a guy damn monitor up which we do as late as possible And that would you bush by the way. There was a better call on Hank show yesterday after after Seeing that whole business. I go out of the car and I'm listening to the first call Here's Hank sitting there in his clown outfit and the first call is some one of these sports nerds These middle age probably plays golf a lot the middle age sports nerd and he comes on here Oh, Hank I just want you to know my wife and I see you and mommy lakes all the time And you lost all this weight. We're so proud of you and you look just I thought I was going to do a Billy Crystal routine. You know you look marvelous Oh, yes, in fact you look so great my wife wants you and I want you maybe we can do a three way It we'd like to stick our tongue in your act. Oh my god. What a suck job that was And then the guy goes on to say I mean getting to the meat of his call Well, hey, what do you think the dolphins need this year? Well, I mean what what do they still lacking and I say I think they're all said They don't really need but oh hearing that makes me feel so good Sir, I got news for a man you talk about a person that needs to get a life Need to get a life you're rich look in the mirror man get a life and stop sucking so hard. Okay. I mean Hank has lost a lot of weight You certainly looks better than money was rolling around here like a gigantic schmoo that never to less Yeah, you remember the schmoo and little am here. That's what Hank used to look like now. He looks like a guy He's lost a lot of weight. He's doing a great job By the way, Lee cutler from ourselves the parameters are good guy now that we don't have to sit in the room next door to make an all-night noise He's a pretty good guy. He came in here this morning and you know why he came in don't you? We haven't seen him in a cool age Oh don't bring roar You know we haven't seen him at a long time And he came in here to a show us that he's lost a lot of weight lost 20 pounds. I guess how he lost it on the atkins baby Oh, then rather stick it up your ass. Okay. You don't know your ass from my elbow All these idiots on there. Oh, well, this isn't safe and here's a cardiologist who says Yeah, right Can we lost anybody to the atkins that we know of nobody croaked no heart attack? You know premature death? No, no Everybody we know seems to have done magnificently well. I this hard to stay on it is very hard and the a die too But nevertheless once you get past those first few days and get over those sugar cravings 20 pounds and out to this guy was the fat guy in the first place to begin with but he had a punch He was like a typical American with a public and that's what kills you is the public Because all that fat around your middle around your heart and all your other organs is a killer So there's the color doing great. So anyway getting back to what I said. I mean, Hank does look a lot better He's lost a lot of weight and we're real proud of that but I mean this guy what a suck job Just like life told you before most of the colors 80% at least of all colors on radio talk shows in America Whether it's sports talk nursery talk gardening whatever it is they call the suck around Because they most of them have no lives whatsoever when they're looking for something to validate and then you know make nice to them And to big suck job is what it is The big fat suck job that even Monica would be embarrassed by But nice sure Hank. Well, I'm just curious why I take so many people to do that show I mean you would think that if you got a staff that big that it would be the show every day would be a barn burner wouldn't you believe it? Think so yeah, I mean I'm telling you the umato. I mean here. Let me endure. Okay. That's it And JP okay, what leave you up even you're not usually here. You're not in there doing it or what they're the show anyway And it's us And a phone and a very marginal studio about half the size I would say they're operation in there at best Georgia's like in a broom closet and I'm sitting in here like maybe a telephone booth and that's it crappy old equipment Cartec that like a fan by the way that yesterday it was the highlight of the show I understand was the fan Oh yeah, in fact I may turn it off and crank it up again. I'll do that after the break Crank it up again just to get you some sexual excitement from the sound of our fan You've heard of the fan in New York. We got the fan in Miami the floor fan To blow a little air in here, okay? So I'll get into the whole thing about Joe and the bluff And I'm not making this up. I made your brawl in the hall here at two a.m. this morning and guess what Granks out a cow what a surprise huh when a boss is away the children will play Kind of an acceptance at five sixty w q a and you want to play with my rear end What happens when the most male level in force in the universe somehow finds its weight out of the cosmos and into an old opera house George Lucas in association with another really rich guy and blue life ever presents That's a better He was horribly injured and unfortunately walk explosion when he was young Now he wears a mask to hide his videos features, but he can hide his get you singing boys I'm a fool out my life favorite Menace of the opera it's full of music you don't know some by all new characters you never heard of My name is a hoverboard a big ol' bar here is the place where you're a man who's dying walker Man some men is of the opera the stories they in the characters are weak and the music's repetitive But hey come on you star wars 15 at five sixty w q a and we got the hangover got the ritual is related to a clock At capital beyond a six o'clock tonight so the revised schedule says and stuff came in here 16 times to make sure I understand that but is that capital is it Ed? Is it make a difference oh no and then we got because we got the marlins that are his own again that I'd later on I mean if you're up that late, which you probably won't be even if you would who'd have a listen that Nice going Saber's by the way Oh, we're gonna get a lot of calls about that right? Oh, no What again what a game last night. I'll get some highlights on here in a second Anyway, here's the most important part of the day so far from Nick cigar is nice big sack was brought in you'll suck oh And it says dear Neil we deeply apologize you would be glad to the cigar cravings just suffered while on the Year yesterday. Well, see I hate to break the news to you guys, but I always suffer cigar cravings while I'm on the year Because this is a non smoking building and we have a bunch of pretty Bulltrap uh goody two shoes run around is still oh it's a non smoking building please we don't want to offend Greg well guess what Greg's out of town Okay Greg's in full Philadelphia good place for them So I want to get Greg up so because it's a non smoking building and maybe David Corn will come in and get that wrinkle up look on his face again like oh Gee something smells real bad Well look go look in the mirror David. Maybe you'll find out what it is that smell so bad. Okay, sweetheart God No, seriously you would have thought that I was building a bonfire or that you would have thought that Godzilla just came into the building and took a big Comfort outside a control room door out there the look on his face. Oh geez. What's the act? Let's get It's a garce smoked. I mean it's then good cigar smoke too from a predominant reserve X one of the best cigars No, no, no man you jackass give me a look like that See I told yesterday because I'm very quick to pick up on these things has been around a block 40 or 50 million times See an IOD the the the model used to be if it isn't broken fix it That used to be our model so they'd dick around with stuff that we're doing just great They'd dick around and dick around the morning show or an eerie this whatever was if it's not broken fix it screw around with it And they did To the point where now it's like you know what it's like But here our model is a QAM we can't stand prosperity We just came off the greatest rating book in the history of this radio station the modern day history of this station Everything's going along just great even I was often even I have adopted the guilty attitude which is I don't give a Sh** me more right I mean what are we here? They're running 50 spots an hour 100 what difference does it make? What difference does it make how are the ones 7,000 spots an hour he's doing pretty good? You were still running 50 million spots an hour in a morning and then in a winter book, it did pretty good So then we get the time direct episode here yesterday with Louanne and Todd Drek and all this other hysteria With set me off into a frenzy which by the way I only apologize for the fact I didn't do at least another hour on it asshole That's the only thing I apologize for Is that I shouldn't have at least and believe me it would have beat most of the calls we had on the show here yesterday is usual Well and somebody facks us me a letter a fact yesterday saying oh well You're forgetting last summer you're on TV at this time as if as if somehow last summer We were doing great and had so many more and much better phone calls. You know the whole land the experience Setting aside the fact that what an intrusion it was and what a crappy job They did putting it together in a piece of direct they put on air of it I forgetting about that and you couldn't hear the audio instead of and so on forgetting all of that All I remember from that experience was begging for calls every day the whole while that we were doing that show air every day Right Playing music I mean doing anything possible to fill up the four hours because it was dead as a donor Although I will say this I was in public last night and there was a lady about 110 years old very nice lady She's probably listening this morning because now she knows I'm on radio She says oh my gosh, it's so nice to see you What happened? Are you on television anymore and I said no, I'm I have a face for radio. I'm stickin a radio. Oh you're on radio Do you know how many people no seriously you're laughing in there? Do you have any idea? You see your broke laughing. This is the truth Especially all those young punts we had listening who used to watch whammy no adult with a brain would have watched it Oh, excuse me man. Well, I mean she's you know she's old. She don't know any better And between squeezing the bags. She's like a flick it in the channels too So those people they in the idea that there's a radio show that I do here So a lot of those people I think like I'm unemployed now because the whammy show is off here Like I was making the big bucks Little whammy show on a make the leave TV station and between the monsters and 85 episodes of mesh And you don't you understand that see that goes back to another thing about no promotion here But let me say it again. I don't give a shit I don't hear if they ever promote us because they're not gonna do it anyway Oh by the way, so anyway nicks and over some great cigars. Thank you. Yeah, wasn't that so serious and this look it's long letter Oh Rather and it says if you listen to this story today and guess the correct employees are gonna get whipped by Nick They'll get an extra 10% off the purchase either Marissa Miguel Raoul or Teresa guess which one of these tellin artisans get the whip and you get an extra 10% off on any purchase today It's the factory out like Well, Nick is a task master. He whips him in the shape. That's why they whip up those great cigars down there But anyway getting back to our deal here. We can't stand prosperity everything was going along great We had the great ratings. We got more spots than Carter's god god damn liver pills Everybody's doing great. Can I got only knows where the beeswings are sticking to money? Maybe deep inside there and there There are victims actually but whatever And all of a sudden we got people professional craft distribbers like Todd wreck running around a hallway Running in here running into Ray Perry which I don't even remember what they'll make Perry looks like by the way You know something if Ray Perry walked in here right now. I wouldn't recognize him That's how long it's been since we saw that son of a bitch You talk about a bull crap artist. This is one of our 55 sales managers who is gonna do this I'm gonna do that and I mean talk about empty verbi. Did he ever do any of it? No, we ever see him No, he's not a bad guy, but he's useless. He's like most of the people we got around here people with titles who are Impotent we have a lot of very important people in this joint. We need QA and needs a big the dose of Agra we need a big gigantic pill dropped into this building and everybody can suck on it for a while in the pill too I'm serious I mean we have more people with titles and of course that goes back to one guy and that's Greg Reed who's out of town to Philadelphia so we can really remember and ask them his family will tell him all I said when he comes back See I want to say one thing to Joe Rose before I tell the audience that whole story this morning is an Temporotting and I'm not one of those people that's gonna jump on the bad wagon because I like this one I see I don't dislike that many people in this building you step the ones you already know I don't talk to Like the lot of Nazi and of course our ourselves manager was in here again this morning bothering me You stay out here too, screw in okay go see your buddy roll I think a lot of here maybe you can get on that search party for that big gigantic black bill though now but two she knows where it is Oh yeah He's probably storing it for him But you know how like squirrel store nuts for a winner So like you got the water Nazi in her and Todd Drek who do I leave out? I mean I would even talk to Igor back there, but he don't speak to me Chris whatever is there in Chris rock what is that guy's name Chris Bonne dana right house Radhouse What kind of a name is that? Radhouse is he related to Chris cathouse? What kind of a name is that Radhouse? I'm sure he might be at okay guy, but he's like yeah It like Igor you know, he don't speak to me So I would be happy to speak to him in fact in number one morning. I did pass him and all I said yeah I hate like that you know And I thought okay okay stay away stay away But under that I like most of the people here. We got a pretty good group. I mean like the 45 people working on handshoeing the afternoon They're all a good bunch of kids all well yesterday I looked in there is two two guys sitting in a control room. I never say you don't want to be for my life In the evening you look like you know Like again like I just dropped the lower on the floor. They look at me like yeah, like that Like what do you stand there looking to hear from Mr. Believe me it wasn't to look at you guys either trust me when I tell you that. Oh, oh my vision is better than that But Joe I just want to tell you the way it is okay anybody can go around picking on the underlings. Okay, that's easy easy picking And our program directory happens to be a good guy to restore a free training tire overpaid But I don't be grudging what's wrong with that I mean you know to pay a guy that kind of money to make out the schedule. That's a lot of money But he's a good guy. We like him Well, I can't say we I like him. He's a good guy Don't you agree George agrees and J.P. Just stays the hell away, but nevertheless No, he is a good guy and he I'm I know for a fact that he would like to be able to do a lot more than but his hands are tied He is limited in this powers because like I said that's the kind of organization Greg I totally that year and a half ago I started here. He has set up an organization We've got his three or four care affair here people and they do whatever they want they terrorize the whole place The water not the screw and Sam the shambler that airs pretending to do a job and his temporary office for next 10 years and his temporary office You should live so long And then the people have the titles like poor rape Perry who's a nice guy, but he's a sales manager He's like a what did that robber do all say a network? He said I'm a network executive without a kingdom or something like that. What do you say? I'm an executive without a network And that's what these people are there people with titles with no authority with no power They can't make anything happen here stuff can make the schedules out And believe me that takes him over the assistance of clearance that takes him like morning noon and night And they finally put one in here and then they decide maybe it's right maybe it's not But who cares and like I told him they would he brought this thing in about any capile and I'm so Excaliburious about that. That's it who cares what they're gonna make Because after six o'clock the radius are all off anyways. There anybody listing after six oh I don't want to burst at ease bubble. There's nobody listed after six except a few these general gamblers That's all we got hey, what do you think what do you thoughts on that bachelor game tonight with RP I Yeah, gonna spot that game And that's the name of that coup a tune oh Yeah, we got a lot of good stuff going on here. So I'll get back to the Joe Rose Duffling he fight them in it. Oh, we got to give a little bit of a build up here just like yesterday I killed 40 minutes. I'm no fool I'm no idiot I understand though when you know I'm being had where it's the middle of it's July 16 for crying out loud Isn't that what they did? June whatever it is close Got June July August we're dying over here why not why don't you people? I don't understand these morning guys They attacked me this morning look oh you gotta go to bed for us going to bed for yourselves I've been going to bed for you on that format for months now for a hell of a long time since we were down stairs months ago But now that we finally adopted the guilty attitude of I don't give a shit What do you a bitch in about in there? What do you bust in the balls of our program director? In a bad guy. He's useless, but he's not a bad guy I'd rather have a guy who's useless and is a good guy and got his heart in a right place than somebody gets a lot of stuff done and is a Devious son of a bitch not to mention eight names like poor Gary You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. I think you do 1026 and 560 WQM or I have just tasted your sniper You Who got that little I know that you feel like been a button Came for a new cover Get out of my breath민 Might love somebody You come on to me and let the things in my head And I found the dark night But if you are not ready, you'll go The thing we're about to think you know I'm on the main I'm the empty, you should be here and there So you could go to jail and read with me If I read, you'll enter the bread on me She was 25 but she's just the pain Don't take me, I've been my man for free Very cold, cold, cold, cold I've been my perfect, just the pain Because I have to tell me, you're not my God But it's my name I've got to think right now Oh my God Oh, you're so new, you're a thing You're the only one You should be scared of me You're the main role in those paining You're the time and mine You're the time and mine I've seen this 24-5-16 That's 33-5-60 WMC My close personal friend Sean from Northwestern Who called on the show yesterday and apologizes for the length And the psychosis of his call But nevertheless compared to most of the calls yesterday Not too bad Sean But anyway, he called me at home last night He's on the deans listed in Northwestern Oh, he's raised me, he's watched that video Six hundred times and still can't find a part where the girl is picking a thing out of her crotch For sure How can you miss that? How can you possibly miss that? Oh, I guess if he do keep saying, I didn't see it Let's watch the video again It's different to use to keep watching it over and over and over again Until you get it, you know, like scored score, it's just right So when we get back to, am I ever going to get this story on or not? Oh, I do so good at this You know, I can milk something for even else you to boredon cow Never got milk like this story So Joe Rose, we're sitting here nine-fifty Mind of your own business and all of a sudden somebody opened the door Oh, you mother, you know, I'm just screaming and yelling and, uh, Oh, and a hallway, you know, which is not unusual for here But nevertheless, it's unusual. One of the parties is Joe Rose The other one is Duff Lindsey That's not that that's not a screaming and yelling and shrieking Go home, you're riding here, effu, you know, all this other good stuff Just go home And like I said before, in this particular case And I sit here, I analyze it, I listen to both sides of the story And then let me just say this to you guys in the morning, okay? If you're smart, there's only one guy and that, and far be it for me Six months away, never would have said this There's only one guy and there who's smart, and that's guilty I'm Tony, I mean, is it beefo? No, that's a joke, you know beefo, he was smart, he wouldn't be, you know, force feeding And Joe, I thought Joe might be smart but hiding it very well Covering it up in our real well with a gigantic head of his I thought he's been covering up and he's not covering up He's not covering up, is he? No, no, no. Because if you want a bitch in scream and horror about those breaks, which I've been going to You know, it's a bad for you for months and months about that horrible format In fact, I even congratulated him on what a miracle it is that they get any ratings With a horrible format like that, is it to program directage? No, no. It's management's fault and a program director on this radio station Like I said before, is an important guy, he has nothing to say about it The sales department, which I've told you since the day I sat down here They run his joint because number one, one of the sales managers She's got a lot of naked pictures of Greg I guess back when he was blind and looked like his kids or whatever In a room closet somewhere, she's got him locked up So, he calls the shots on that And number two, because the bevelies, of course, they want to crank as much money Out of this joint as they can out of all the stations They don't care if we ran and I told him to screw in this last year When we had our big, our big blow up and of course, Since then, she only like whispers when she comes in very frequently In frequently, thank God I told her, I said, if I would let you run 40 minutes an hour, you do it If it wasn't in my contract, and we didn't have a written understanding And limit of spots on the show, you'd run 55 minutes an hour Well, I, maybe, of course, the sales department doesn't care about the format And all they care about is for is the ratings are concerned Is that they're still good enough so that we can sell because there's no competition Not AM anyway, especially for the target audience that we got out there The lifeless sports shocks, the lifeless sports nerds Oh, thank you, look beautiful, I want you, Hank Come on, pal, give me a break, okay? Give me a break So, you know, it's very easy to run around playing over I would check the content of the show for it Before I start blaming anybody for the long commercial breaks I'd start listening to content, maybe take some taste of the show I'll home Joe and start listening to that content Hey, hey, you think you and I'm believing me, I'm not saying that we get any content I'm not saying that we get any good calls on the show, the last good call we had in the show What seven years ago and I OD, I mean we don't get good calls, but who cares? We don't care, don't you understand? Like I said, the only guy in there who's got any brains is guilty And I'm pushing him by the way for the voice of the panthers because he's not a bad See, I was wrong about him, and I'm one of those people, I'm not a hard ass If I'm wrong about people, I'll be the first one to say it, he's not a bad guy And spite of what George used to tell me No, I don't even remember what you ever said about him Other than he had a torpey voice, which he was a good dog He is a good guy, he is a good guy And I judged him strictly based, first of all he did suck a lot of panthers There's no question about that because he works for that organization And it's, you know, and that doesn't mean I've never excluded anybody from being a friend of mine Just because they suck pantheras You know what I mean? I mean even if they didn't play too good the night before They stopped there are some guys that suck pantheras because it goes with their job They're on a payroll over there And if Wayne's gonna pay you better suck a lot of ass They stopped me, yeah, you better not say that again, Mr So, Galdi is the one guy in that show he's got the right attitude, the right philosophy and these other guys Oh, you gotta go to bad first, I don't understand that Am I like the designated as switch hitter? Is that what it is? I don't switch here, I'm a perfect six on the record scale, okay? We got some guys are a perfect one, I'm a perfect six, I don't mess around with fish, okay guys? Get it right God, go to bad for us You say I mean pussy, that's the only word that comes to mind when I think of those two guys in there Beful and little dog pussy, put in and Joe's on there, and then rip it in them Why you guys have to come to me to do your dirty work, okay? And why do you go to the poor program director who you know has no authority to take any spots off the air Or change the format and any significant way unless you want to get his ass can out of here What do you go to him and start a big son in? Why not go to Greg when it comes back in town It's easy to do this on a great or a day when Greg ain't here by the way in Philadelphia or go to screw in There's the chicken in a wood pile is screw in She's the one at dumping spots in there, like they're coming out of her rectum In fact, they work on out of there before she borrowed that thing from our buddy Roy I guess he plugged up that problem 21 before 11 at 5.60 WQM. What was that? What was that? What was that? I'm sitting here like with my pants down. What? It's more fun this way. Okay, I don't really care. See, I mean, don't get me wrong. Don't want the audience to get the feeling I'm off of my, I don't care By the way, they got this latest poll. I'm almost mad enough. We did the most important person in the century. That was good. Wait till whatever day we decided to kill with Hollywood's brightest star of this thing They did about the 50 greatest screen legends, mail and female. Oh, brother. What kind of drugs were they on when they did that? So anyway, I was about to say, morning, I come to work and they're talking about Phil Jackson. I don't give a flag crap at their playing Phil Jackson. $75 million for next snowball crap. Okay, one of the most exciting games Which started out kind of comatosep at the first school, but nevertheless, turn into a great game last night. Are they talking about that? No, no. And by the way, a thing, how are jigs McDonald do the Panther games? I'm walking out. I don't want to start threatening anybody. Okay. I'm trying to figure out my mind, which would offend me worse than hiring Todd Drec? I mean, if he walked in here again or hiring jigs McDonald, I mean, jigs is a good guy. Like jigs personally, and it's set of when so on, but he is boring. He's coming to the hearth guilty. Young guy in the organization give him a chance to get a great job for Lynn for Christina Moore a thousand times better than Christina by the way for everything I heard. And you know, give him a chance. Give some of these people a shot at it. Okay, bring back an old hack that's been fired 75,000 times. What are you people thinking about over there in the Panther organization? Jigs freaking McDonald that got run out of Toronto on a regular after one year there. They said, we want your bull and back get that man out of here. Now, and he said, okay, calm down. Man, it should take foster and build you a back even doing a game from up from their box will take that it's that a jigs McDonald. But that's the way things are done in this town, okay? But let me say it again for Joe Rose. Okay, because I'm sure that Joe thought I would come down on his side and I'm not going to do that because you're wrong. You're absolutely positively. Wrong. And we'll find out from this audience. Now, I hear through the great find that maybe there might be some people out there. And I'm going to tell you a little bit, put off by those long 20 and 30 important minutes breaks that they got in a morning. What difference does it make? Are we here to get ratings? No. Are we here to like, you know, make money for the company? Yeah, make money for ourselves. Stop the answer off tight and stop brow beating little guys who have no power who'd like to make things better, who'd like to change things. But you know, can't. What's the point? It's like guys that run around screaming at the boardoffs in the intern. I want to mention no names. You don't want to say. I mean, well, if you have to put a broad beating underlet, that doesn't take any count. I mean, when you call up Greg Green in his office and you say, how come my guy damn check wasn't here today, Mr. like I did last Friday? And today this is a bunch of crap. Then okay, it takes a little bit of balls, which have an early the morning guys don't have because they got to come to me. Oh, you got to go to bat for us. Did I ever ask anybody go to bat for me and go on the year in the screaming shot? I might be half. No. I want to scream and shot. I'll do it on my own behalf. I don't go to other people asking them to go to bat for me. What kind of a bunch of pushies do a thing like that? And then turn around and get into a bit of screaming match and nearly a fist fight in the hallway with a program director. Who even though he hangs out at the gym a lot, I don't think he's going to take on the little dog. Well, you don't bulk up too much in the showers, but nevertheless. I mean, what kind of crap was that, Joe? You were absolutely positively wrong. You and BFO wrong. And before you do that again, think two or three times. I mean, it got to the point where Lindsey is saying, you're out of here. Go home. Just go home. Go home. Like this was like a kindergarten or something. You're out of line, Johnny. Let leave the class. Go home. Oh, by the way, do you hear that story? Two days ago, which I can't find anywhere in the newspapers about that dark, complicated kid at North Miami High. Tenth grade, I think. Smash the teacher in the mouth several times. Well, the teacher said, you know, sit down and be quiet. And then he said, well, sit down and shut up. And one of the kids, friends, also dark, complicated in the school said, well, you know, the kid did start to fight, but the teacher was wrong. You shouldn't told him to shut up. First he told him to sit down and be quiet. And then he wouldn't do it. He said, sit down and shut up. And he still wouldn't do it. He said, stop making the ass out of yourself. And his friends said, oh, he shouldn't talk from like that. He should have said, Mr. Johnson, would you please sit down, pretty, pretty please. Can you believe that? And so this kid holds off and smashes him in the head for your four times. There you go. You wonder what's wrong with your kids? What's wrong with America? What's wrong with this whole set up here? Is there something wrong with this picture? Yeah. But you're sweet and there is. So if you think there's something wrong with that morning show, let's find out. Is it the format or is it the content? Is it those awful goddamn calls? It those New York people on there. Is it those mixes that? What's that guy's name that jet guy? Oh my god, that one, the chronic chronic, Billy the jet fan. That's the guy. I'd rather hear that old John from Key West gun. I'd rather croak before I ever heard him again. Maybe it may be my start examining the content there that you let a bunch of people. It's a tune out. I got my CDs smoking there in a car in the morning smoking, smorering. There's fire in my CD player there in the morning. It's cranked up so loud. In addition to which, like I said before, who gives a rat's ass? What difference does it make? Are we now on some kind of omission to make each other miserable in this joint? Just when everything was going so great? Just when even at heart as New York, you're finally adopted the attitude thanks to my new mentor Steve Goldstein and I said, I don't give a shit. And all of a sudden we were happy. Everybody's having a good time. We're faking our way through real good. The checks are showing up maybe only a day late. We're changing to bad for them. Just when everything's going along, we don't go in all of a sudden everybody's getting, and you know, I said to definitely came here a little after this whole thing. I said, you know, we just had we had the best book in the history of this station and we had a trend that came out. What Arbitron couldn't find our audience the whole day. Not just one show. Not just the morning show or my whole day. But the whole day Arbitron, and then that happens. That's the, that's the sugar in the wood pot with their surveying methods. Every now and then some station gets a big kiss and they get lucky a bunch of diaries and other stations they can't find our audience. It's a miracle it doesn't happen more often, especially on this station. I mean, how can they find those sports in there is month after month? And so we had one bad month, like I said, what's going to happen if we ever have a really bad book? You talk about people at each other's throat, doing Cuban bullet at each other. Take a chill, Joe, okay, take a chill and re-analyze your position in life and stop picking on people who can't solve your problem. If you're bent out of shape about the nigh and then go on a year and scream and hollow about it like I do and sometimes with some success and change some things. And don't expect me to do it for you. Me to do your dirty work. I got my own. I got tied directly to deal with, I don't have time with your bullcraft to worry about. With your nigh and a long breaks and believe me, compared to some of the calls you got, the breaks are pretty entertaining. Although maybe you guys the more we'd like to give up all those lives, spots you're doing. And all the income that comes from it, don't you guys understand we're here for the spots. We're not here to entertain anybody. We're not here to put on a great show. We're here to make money. And I'm the only one honest enough to tell the audience, hey, screw all of that other bull crap. That's just that. That's window dressing. We're here to make money. It's a living. Must 11 is they say in Chinese. Okay. That's the way it works. So you want to kiss the ground Joe with that big gigantic head of yours if you can get your lips close enough to the ground. You got to kiss the ground you're making a big buck. So, okay. I mean, you're a good guy, but nevertheless, way out of line this morning. And I said, I think the head is swelling on beginning to understand what it really is. It's not just my opinion of my imagination. The head is swelling literally. His head is becoming too big for his goddamn bridges. What's happening? A little dog. Out of control. And he's not only bitching him out, but in between. I go into control room to see what this is all about. What's going on? And during there 25 minute commercial break, he's bitching jelly and beef a lot. You're the two biggest bunch of pussy I ever worked with. Out of control, Joe. You're wrong. You lose. When we start respecting you is when we see you put on a show like that with screw-and or with Greg Reed, somebody's got some authority around here. Or maybe with Roy. Yeah, by the way, I want you guys and all the other shows on his station to go to back for me. And see if you can't get right to bring our big black deal low back. Yeah, let's see. I haven't had any success. Maybe some of you guys can go to work on it. Okay. Get my big, big black deal low back. Then I think I have a real good idea. We're a tiny. Back to him. But I don't want to give too many specific instructions on where to look forward. Okay. God. What kind of people will we get when I'm speaking to what kind of people? This is perfect for this town. You know what I'm saying? After I told my roots, Chris story yesterday, as much as I love the food and how they kind of like, uh, on Monday night after spending all that money in there two out of three nights. Kind of like, give us the, uh, I don't want to say cold shoulder, but like, to you, you know. Maybe you're free glass of water. We might give you, but that's about it. So I'm driving home yesterday for work. Now there's a mailman. You've ever been talking about him. I'm no longer than an annual huge rich with the mailman in my neighborhood for used to be my mailman out there in the acres. And then of course, so they changed his route a little bit, but he's still a mailman out in that general area. Now every day when I'm coming home because he's in that area, he's good and early. He does good job for his people. There are on his route. And every day, if I see him for years now, I'm way to him. He waves back once a couple of times he stopped and chat with each other. He's a pretty good guy. Although he's the same guy, by the way that while he was still delivering my mail came to the door that day with a package and said, We were getting ready to turn it off. It was getting pretty bad. We were getting ready. And I just had envisioned in my mind the picture of him with his hand on the knob and the radio too. We were getting ready. We were getting ready. In other words, our hand is placed on the dial and the show was getting so bad. And the colors were getting so obnoxious. We were ready to turn it off. That was a few years ago. He's still in turn of off. So he has to dance to the other hand. He's like at the corner of one of the side streets. You know, off of one 18. And I'm coming up the road. And he is at the point where he's sitting there and he's looking in my direction. He knows both of my cars. He knows me. And it's like that point where you're almost close enough where you're about to wave high and not. He turns and looks the other way. So I thought to myself, maybe he didn't see me. Even though I know he did see me, I'm thinking maybe he didn't see me. Okay, because you know, or maybe I said something. What did I say to offend you, Rick? Maybe like so Jay, I don't know. So then I go to public. I'm coming home from public. I come up the streets. Now he's coming out of another street. And he looks at me like kind of like the Igor. You know, like that. And okay, okay, whatever I did, I'm awfully sorry, not. Man, and that's the soft forward effort way, baby. That's the kind of a friend you have done here. You make your friend someplace else. You have a friend for life. You make your friend down here. You have a friend for like five minutes. If you're lucky. Stickle, hostile, hateful, nasty. What did I do lately for you? Just like that thing with Joel and the terrorizing the poor. I mean, what's wrong with this man? Why would anybody do this to this man? Is this guy going around brow-beating people screaming at people? I mean, he says his mellow is a carpet. Is an area rug? And we got this guy with a big head running around there. Your mother ran. That's been great. Like I said, some of those commercials are a lot more entertaining than you think about any of the New York TV. What do you think of it? You catch my drift. I'd rather hear the Lenny Martens do in spots than some of the content on a chill. I thought I want to pick on Beful. Three minutes before 11 at 5.50 pm. Here's your sign. Don't you see the air, just find out the real sports bar hotel. Look at all the red dick girls, the officers and the air in girls, go with to the bar to get from drink. Getting beat by redneck clouds like what you see each night on cops. There, what's with the fucking gun theory? There. Look at all the redneck clouds, each lunch at beat, they're us. If they're greenside wonder, Walmart shorts. They smell like an old with doctor, big a frost off the loan and promised him to lower two breeds of horse. Somebody tell me why, I'll travel outside to my life. Can't go for too many, those who from hell. If Bo-Rington, that is not fair, velvet teeth, as well as a man. Her brother plays the band joe in the tree. They try to enter her position, says, accept this ill-to-bass foundation of the Christian family. Oh, and again, raise the lower. And back in there, the neighbors went there for a whole year. Oh god, what would Jerry's bring your dude down those redneck women's who's the fucking dead of the re. Thank you, Carson, because that's the new one. I mean, is this a toward his country? It's 11.03 at 5.60 and can we see it on the air? No, okay. Well, just examine that in your mind for a moment or two what the possibilities are there. So anyway, let's find out from these experts out there who hate that morning's show like it. Maybe they like to show, maybe they like to content. Maybe they don't like those nine minute breaks. Let's find out, okay. Let's find out who was right and who was wrong. And even if he was right, let me say it again, Joe's got nobody's picking on a guy who is, that would be like him going to a e-gore in the other room and production back there. Oh, we're pissed off about his time. What the e-gore gonna do about it? Is he gonna do a third of it? No, wait, you're sweet as he don't. Is he gonna mess with that log? No, he's not. Anybody in this building messes with that log? He'll have to answer that it water not, see, immediately if they're not sooner, okay? And that's one person you don't want to be mess with hit the ladder not see. Because you're a finito, baby. You'll be using her handicaps that you're only needed for real unlike her. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And then we'll give him the important stuff. And by the way, I'm sure we're gonna get a lot of calls about that great hockey game. Let's not our week. No, no. What a place. What a place. What a wasteland. What a total wasteland. A sports station in a place where they wouldn't know a hockey puck if you're stuck in your goddamn ass. Perfect. Here's a mobile in high-alia, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was talking about the hockey game last night. Really? Yeah, it was a great game. The best play though was by Ed Belfort when you made the double save on Mirrorslava's Staten. Yeah, 20 team around. I like the using wish thing. He was like great, oh man. He was a little psychotic, but he played great. Yeah, yeah. But it was great. It definitely was a hockey goal. I mean, a goaly, a dual last night. But how do you like that? Move Jeff Sanders and put on Belfort though, huh? He fake that he left his cup right. Oh, and by the way, if you have to show you were watching Fox and Up TVC, this is the first time in history that a guy was interviewed with his jockstrap on Jeff Sanders and had taken off his suspenders. Seriously, and he's holding up his pants. And like half of his jock, you know, and they were showing the camera angle, I think, intentionally, so that though everybody who's watching CBC, Jeff Sanders and jockstrap. Oh, oh. And then they finally lifted it up higher, so he's done Sherry and Sanders and from the shoulders up. And how they back off again, and then Sherry reaches over to Shake his hand at the end of the universe. Oh, my god, he's got to take one hand off his pants. I got to walk his pantalones. We're going to hit the ground, but they didn't. I mean, I'll never sorry. And they're like, my life. But what I moved that was by Jeff Sanders and they, I tell you about that kid. If that kid would show up and play with his ability every night, would he never has his whole career? But if he did, he'd be a superstar. He's unbelievable. Listen, what I'm enjoying is all the shots the gold penders are taking and that they're giving out. You see the punch to the back of the head, that that was good. But listen, you are correct about the morning show. Definitely too many commercials. But the worst show on your station is the Sony sports showdown. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I'm not ready for that. No. That blows. I love the promo for that. Are you ready for this? Keep in mind, that's a trade deal for B. To make a lot of, you know, he's got to have 75 jobs to eat a living out. You know, and she is getting big, and he is getting big, by the way. Okay, thanks. Okay, to get to you know, when he happy it all out as meals, B.F. You got to have like 20, 30, 40 different jobs. He's got to this sunshine, the whammy show. He's got to Saturday morning trade out show. That's in his contract, which I'll be reading on your little bit later, by the way. I haven't my briefcase deal. I remember B.F. I was contract. And we have a copy of it. I'm not, I mean, I have no problem with those guys, but don't when I walk into building. The first, the first, they're all standing in the hallway. And the first thing they start screaming at me was sexual harassment, sexual harassment. And what was that all about, okay? I mean, I'm not on the verge of following these suit. I mean, I like this guy. He's, you know, he's coming on me a little bit too much, but nevertheless. And then they, they follow that up with, oh, you've got to go to bed for us. I'm not going to bed for anybody. I've gone to bed for you a million times. And all I do is get ripped on that show anyway. All I do is get ripped. Oh, that's a fag and hockey show. And they all sit there like they got locked up. Every time they get one of those comments from their jobs, they're, for one of their closet fags, sports or callers. Oh, yeah, we got a little gun off of the say about that. Well, of course not. You're delighted to let some asshole color and rip me in as. So why don't I go to bed for you guys? And yes, the breaks are too goddamn long. And I said that for how could anybody listen through whoever heard on AM radio, I'm in a break. Anybody hear that? Oh, only the beesleys. Only the measly beesleys heard that. Because they want the goddamn money. That's why. I would respect him if I'd see him with Greg reading the hallway and Joe Rose carrying on like that. Then maybe I'd have some respect for him. Instead of, oh, Gregory, this in Gregory that sucking his ass every chance he gets. See, that don't take any talent, you know, especially when you're a big ex football player, it's about six foot nine. It's got a head the size of Mars, you know. You know, that didn't take any talent to suck Reg Reads ass, which I refuse to do until he brings in those pictures. He's working on, he's supposed to be in Philadelphia. He's not there. He's at some goddamn a photo lab right now. Where could he talk to me in those pictures? Oh, yeah, they're really my kids. You believe me, huh? No. Now I was showing screw-in by the way, about some of the copy. We got him. She just turns around to walk out of here because she doesn't care. We don't know who's account it is. We haven't got to clue the copy of five minutes long. It's 100 years old. All of these things, okay? She turns around and walks his out of him. And then it didn't like that. And that's it. Now, when the old days I get upset about that, but guess what? I don't give a crap. I don't give a flyin'. I'm about it. How do you like that? I don't give a flyin' if you were about it. If nobody else cares, and obviously the clients don't care. Like the ones who used to get their spots stuck in the ball games to let you start to complain and do much. When they put the Marlins games out early, even though they bought that he or she'll... Oh, you didn't buy that he or she'll show you about the time slides, didn't you? No. Don't you want to be on one of those 40 people are listening to Marlin' games? No. Come on, we got to something to stick in there. Make it look like we got spots? What am I getting all worked up about for? What am I getting all psychotic about? I was entertaining. Was it one of the most entertaining things I've seen in a long time? Because this is really pretty boring place. But a little bit of firework. Like I said, thanks a lot, Joe. Good job, sweetheart. Shake these bastards up a little bit. And here's a bluff running up and down a flunk. I'm going to have to have a spray time. I told him, just calm down. Relax, go back sit down. Or what do you worry about? What are you getting so crazy about? I'm going to have a nervous breakdown over some dumb-ex-jock. That's milding off him about stuff that he can't do anything about. We all know that. You got to take the guilty attitude, baby. I don't give a sh** me more. There you go. Say it. Again. 10 times 11 at 5. 16 wqa. I'm going to be talking about bank County. Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you. Are you tired of that neighborhood bully? Yes, oh, my lunch money. I shut up kid and tell him Monta hold a mail next time. Six times. Six times. Fight back. But he's bigger than me. No, no, no. Just tell mom. Next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store. Pick up a pack of new sh**k. Can't be barred. Sh**k? Yes. It's a new candy bar. Beat entirely from recycled cow dung. Garin, teach to turn your stomach. So next time. All right, kid. Give me a lunch. No, no. Please don't. Please don't take it. Just shut up and hand it over. Okay, here you go. But whatever you do, please don't eat my candy bar. Hey. Cool. Ah, this tastes like sh**k. So you want my lunch tomorrow too? We got a lunch. You got a little lunch. When you take a bite of that, you can just get some. Okay, it's 150 to 550 WQM. And let me just say this to you. Okay, a little box. For example, we had seven calls on the board here. A couple of people before that break. Now there's only two because the other people are hanging up. Do I care? Do I give a crap? Oh, I couldn't hear less. Could give a ranch rest less. I mean, you got to have some materials. Three, you guys in there. What do you worry about the breaks? Okay. Three, you guys to be in there and make magic. You can make it interesting and tidilating and exciting. And, you know, conjure up something. Make, you know, make a chopler. We're out of dog crap. That's what you got to do. And it's interesting to me that back during the winter book when the morning had a great number for some amazing reason. And this radio station at the highest rating in the history of the model, I'll say it again. There were still run and I'm in a break. There weren't things. The one where is the logic in that? I don't see any flood of people calling it here saying, Oh, we turned it off because the commercial breaks are too long. We may have people call them saying, we turned it off because it sucks. We might have some of those people calling it. Do you think we'll have some of those? Maybe. By the way, what happened in the overhead did it disappear? It just boy. It took a turn for the worst. But that's the way it goes. Like I've already killed an hour and 16 minutes here and haven't even begun to say anything yet. Haven't even gotten into that stupid pole of off the actors' necklaces. We can kill five days with that. Another go back to the time magazine and the most influential asshole of the century. Like I said before, I'm starting to get pissed off at Joe Rose because just when I thought we had the time direct problem saw yesterday, which we didn't need to get into the first place, if he would left everybody to help alone. Contrary to popular rumor, I'd much rather be a happy camper. I'd like to be mellow, low key, I like things going well. Even if nothing's going to change here as long as Greg Reid and the bees Lee's own is placed, is anything ever going to change? No, no. You have to be a rocket scientist to know that. There are a bunch of cheap, but no nothing asshole. That's all. And Greg, you know, I could say that's bad of a guy, but no nothing about this business. And I'd be the first one to tell you that. Nothing. Zero. We got all these sports franchises here. And it's like they're like an albatross. Even one of the sales, uh, Mosfers was out there in a hallway when I said that to our program director and agreed with me. It's like an albatross about our next. Half the goddamn money that comes in is you. It's got to go to Wayne Henry and uh, Wayne Hypinga. For John Henry or Wayne Henry, whoever the Trevor Henry whoever he is. So we got to make a fortune. We got to get all these spots on just so we can pay ball to you. Okay. Now if he was screaming about that, then I might understand it. But of course, ball, he just signed his buddy Danny Boyd in two more years. I think Dan Reno should play until he 60. What do you think? Yeah. But signed Danny to a 20 year long term deal for 150 million. What do you think? Yeah. He can play forever. And now we can screen and how to about that forever. Okay. I wouldn't be surprised if Danny and Joe used to like shower. We were close together. And he was on a, they were on the team together that first year. I would need to be surprised that they were showing installs right next to each other. And I'm not talking about after the game. Here's North Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah. Hey. Hey. Okay. Sir. I'm telling you the chance call to off. But I was listening to you. Nobody else does either. It's the summertime. I wish you a better than last summer. Last summer this time I was playing music to feel we had no call. Anyways. I was a see a couple of days ago. And I'm here. I'm talking about the hot hands and nobody was calling. And I was kind of stumped because I'm going to tell you truth be honestly that this is probably some of the best hockey fun. I've ever seen my life. I mean, you gave me four years in a row. We had sweets. Okay. We had New Jersey swept. We had the Colorado swept the Panthers before that. And then Detroit swept two years away. So four years in a row. We had Coleman and Ducing series forced rate. No, it's not. We've got two to two. We've had some real tough games. And then we had great goal pending. And it's getting great. I'll tell you the hockey. This is I'm telling this. I want the best fun. As I've seen. It's been fantastic. I can't believe nobody's bothered. I don't know. They don't care. They don't care. They don't care. And then we got this Panther factor. We had the one day that both papers, Michael J. Neil and that Michael J. Michael Russo and David J. Neil, we decided to write a piece about the pan. That's Panther factor. And that was it. You would think that everybody in town would be talking about that. Here's through Barnes. You're right. You should really. You're a phenomenal. All of that. Screwed. I got a stupid penalty there last night because he keeps losing his cool. Like he did last two years. That's right. You're a screw. He's a screw. You suck. Let me ask questions. What do you think of Barry Marrows? You need the haircut. No. I mean, you think you got it. You think he's not the one to talk? Yeah, he's okay. I don't know. I don't think he's that great. But it's all relative compared to those little figure skaters like Craig Miller and those other little Torpey guys they got on there. He's not that bad. You're a compared to Terry Chris who not only has a bad haircut. The worst analyst in the history of mankind. Fox Fox admitted to the world that they were dumping out a hockey and they were losing after this year when they started putting Terry Chris and that's stupid brought on here together and at the end between. You're that right. All right. Terry Chris, he's an impossible. I got to go. Okay. See you. Okay. Listen. I'm sorry to take off so much your tender. Five six seven. We got several open lines on a board. Like I said, I mean, you know, I'm used to this. I've been around a block a few times. Okay. Is it the spots that kill the morning show or is it those calls? And yeah, we get a lot of fruit cakes on the show. But that's supposed to be a part of the show. But the sport. In fact, I was talking to somebody yesterday. I wanted to mention my good friend Sean. Who is tell me about the sports talk radio up in Chicago? And he says it's like day and night. He says the calls they get there are A from people in the What they're talking about and be they're interesting. One last time he had one of those calls here. 18. What was he here? Huh? I think Woodrow Wilson was the president just like just before. Well, well, one broke up. It was the last time we had a great sports call on this radio station. Oh, hey, you look beautiful. I want to grab you. I want to squeeze your echo. My wife wants you to. I wanted to pull off the side of the road in vomit. You know, I've heard some suction in my life. I believe me. I don't think we're too about suction. But that was just unbelievable. And you know, and Hank looked a lot better. He did me like I said before. He was the schmoo. But nevertheless, does he look beautiful? No. No. Do I look beautiful? No. I lost 35 pounds, which I, you know, I wouldn't, Would I look great? No. Faddle Jews. That's all. So why do you have to ingratiate? Why do you have to suck so much ass? And I remember talking about this year and a half ago. After listening to these sports calls on this station. Sucks, sucks, sucks, sucks, sucks, sucks, sucks, sucks. And just like when Brian Murray came on there with a contrived thing on Tuesday morning. And oh, yeah, they didn't need Christine and more to run the interference on there. Because most of the callers were suckles anyway. Oh, whatever you say, Brian, whatever you say. You know, just sucking and sucking and sucking and looking around the edges. Doing a rim job right there on a goddamn coach's show. Or do you say rim job? Oh, sorry. Don't want to get your job set. I don't understand. You're really done. You're just as a hard ass little spick. In fact, remember asking me that yesterday. So what is wrong with him? What is he? I said, because he's a hard ass little spick. He's okay. And that's just the way it is. That doesn't make him a bad guy. He just a hard ass stubborn little spick. Just setting his ways and nothing is going to change him. It's like trying to move a goddamn mountain range. You ain't going to do it. This is the way it is. And that's it. Period. So remember you were an asshole. Okay. I didn't say that. George says it. Fear all you're not so bad. But you got problems too. I don't know what they are yet. But I'm sure you'll find some. 560, 5050, 5060s. We continue exploring. What's wrong with that goddamn morning show? You know, it's interesting. Before the last drink came out, there was nothing wrong with the show. According to everybody else. Kick an ass. And like I said, if you're that insecure big blockhead, if you're that insecure that one crappy trend and you're going to start screaming and jumping and putting it out and putting out a performance like this morning like rump will still get an eat. Then what's going to happen when you get a really crappy book, which will happen all of us. Especially in this place with all the great promotion we're never going to get. And we know we're not going to get it. So just get used to it. Get with the program. Start listening to guilty. Okay. Like I said, he's the only one of that trio. That has any clue what's all about. Here's some rise. Hello. Yes. Speaking. First of all, for the morning show, the best thing about it is it's not Howard. Yeah. Second of all, that's about that you were running. You know, they're going to start bringing some lesbian on next week though. Yeah, that's going to be a good thing. That's going to be a good thing. It's a golf season. In fact, I think Joe's been replaced by two bull bikes. Secondly, that that log on to WQAM, you were doing the nose over. Yes. That moody imponent is actually a fact machine and not a computer to see. Great. Third is for it that list of the 150 rate of mail and email stars. Yes, sir. But here's for you with a smart credit brothers. There are number 20. But there's there. Yeah. I have that material. How come Peter Finch is none at list? I have who? Okay. See there you go. Peter Finch for a Christ's. Don't you want to know about life? I was mad as hell. All right. Who's going to take this anymore? Who? So anyway, getting back to the first of the century, Spike Lee. I mean, don't you just want to get up and walk out in the yard and sit on the ground and look up at the sky for a few hours when somebody says something like that like that. Well, and you. And I could understand if it was like a drawer, you know, somebody that called and preceded the comment by saying something like, No, not that. Why does that keep doing that? That's two days in a row. Like, eh. That. This thing is revealing that it's got a goddamn mind of its own. That thing don't have two TTs in front of it. Huh? Oh, oh, you can't take TT on the early on. Mad as you shall. Well, TT to you. Okay. Spike Lee. And she was serious. You know something sweet. I take it back when I said, stay up there and forward Pearson. You're fitted like a glove. Only don't mention Spike Lee to a lot up there. Stick with Steven Spielberg. Most of them look like ET. In fact, that's who, uh, Chris Bonneau Donald looks like. What about that guy's name is? Right. He looks like, uh, yeah, ET on a bad day. He now he's never going to speak to me. And like I told you, you know, he really looks like. Are you? Yeah. Now don't get me wrong. Okay. Feel is, I have no bigger fan in the world. I feel hungry than me. But still, see, I used to like working for Phil. Beg a number one. He was a great talent. And number two, he may be looking. As Phil is one of the. Of me. He's a pretty ugly guy. Are you sure? Positive. We just took a boat. You're ugly. I'm beautiful compared to you. And I'm grotesque. Okay. And he looks a lot like Phil, but without the talent. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Maybe we'll hear from Rick Demail man. You think so? Oh, we talked to him anymore. Oh, see, I'll tell you one place. The only one place left is publics. I go into publics. I'm a superstar. They love me in publics. I went in the last night. I think you'd like three or four items. And they're like surrounding me. You would have thought that they're Ricky Martin just. I think they're like three or four items. And they're like surrounding me. You would have thought that they're Ricky Martin just walked in. And I said, can't have some of my smarts when he said, oh, definitely. Yeah, no contest there. Is my sashade out of that joint. So 1126 at 560 WQA. And let me tell you about, so what are we doing for lunch by the way? Do we get a hold of Paul? We got a hold of Paul and he tells. Pretty much the only out of spot running day. Any better get over here. And don't listen anymore. His perverted story is either okay. We're putting cotton in you. He's your two young to be here and all that disgusting filthy stuff. From our good friend Jeff Cohen and the pizza lock where the food is delicious and fresh. And the stories are smoldering hot. And probably made up okay. And he might be still be given out those pencil and anal vibrators with every purchase at the pizza lock if you're over the age of 10. I like the wee wee. Oh, why? Slays dress and the pink carnation. I'm all dressed up for the prom. Hey, to all my hundering sisters out there. I just got to tell you about my good friend that Jeff's the florist. You know Valentine's Day is almost a year away. So if you're looking for a lovely floral bouquet for your lover, my friend Jeff and Jeff the florist will personally arrange the ginsiest bouquet of flowers you ever saw. Hey, just look at the delightful arrangements Jeff has today. Like the blue food, bow-camber basket of blooms. The guilty nosegate. And my personal favorite, the Joe Rose Rose. When you push the button on the face like this, this is what you hear. So if you ask to see Jeff out back, he'll open up his pants to let you in on a secret special he's saving just for you. So that's it on down to Jeff's floors or go 1-800 good bread, Ali. So when are you trying to say Joe? I like the wee wee. I'm 32 at 560WC. Oh my god, hang go over over a shoe. I'm glad he's, I'm sure he's happy that he's over there. It's a good day to be out of the building. There's fire in his hallways today. It's smoldering and smoking. By the way, at the overhead, you didn't turn up back where was. It's very low, George. I understand you're punching you while it's a little on the low side. Don't crack it too much. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18 is read J. Cobb on his list by the way. Is read J. Cobb on his list? No. The markspudders are at least, but not read J. Cobb. Okay. What does that tell you? And Peter French and the guy says to me, who's that? Oh, man. I think he's just, Spike Lee's brother-in-law. Here's a mobile and North Miami, hello. I have an AR, her man in the other day. How you doing? You heard your name? Yeah, I heard something called say that. They're talking about happy from their own fit. Yeah. And I just wondered, I heard, I've been away. I've been called around for a year and just came back to her. My name and thought I'd call and have a little talk. Uh-huh. So how's it going? So what's no happy? Well, well, you know, you think I would've heard years ago. But, you know, I don't know where to go. I'm talking to you. And, okay, well, let's go here from you. Don't stick it around in town too long. 560, 50, 50, 50. See if you get a lot more calls like that on the morning show. Joe, you might get those numbers back. Oh, there you go. Instead of, hey, you any anything you're gonna be your thing, ye any any any any any any any any any any any any any any. Hey, five, five, six, seven, 05, 60. Pound five, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Live is we continued to detect these psychological problems of the little dog who just lost it this morning and put on a display and in the beginning, I agree with it. I started with him because I really wasn't, I wasn't, uh, pretty easy to the whole deal. I went on down there. And I said, yeah, go ahead and beat the crap out of him, okay? But then after I heard what had gone down, and the fact that he's blaming, I mean, Why would you that would be like my going to the secretary in the dental paper pushes office down stairs on a second floor Which we missed in very much they turned out to be very eyes people and saying hey, we got too many spots Like what she gonna do about it But of course it wouldn't take any balls to go to the secretary down there in the second floor and search screaming at her like some kind of a Banshee and eat what a Joe. How would it take a lot of balls? No Here's sunrise hello hello Meal yes sir. Yeah, I want to help you figure out what's wrong with the morning show. Yeah, you know I'm tired of Yeah, they make fun of Joe as a big head, but look at Divo. He's got a big pumpkin head. Let's brown fat head Beful yeah, no, not anymore now that he gained all the weight his head looks small compared to the rest of him Maybe that's what he was trying to do is like shrink his head. It's been missed a pinhead You know what I'm tired of fool about Divo. No wonder is that goofy? Is this comedic satire? He's like you need to tell if he's trying to be a comedian or a dance sports cat I think he wants to do that. He should go out to KXC on water. I'll look because that's your only place with the coins Oh, yeah, okay go away before there you go. There's one call for the morning show a little critique He says go away be photo. Don't go away. May I just go away and take that Saturday morning Sony sports whatever That thing it's right out sure with you. What he said now they're starting to walk up to the task. Okay As we invite them to rip a hind end of some of these people are laying don't rip jelly because he's my good new buddy now I owe him a deep apology there. I see the voice. I mean the voice always it still bothers me, but Setting that aside since we don't care about that It was always that panther that suck up to you know But setting that aside He's a pretty good guy number one and number two. He doesn't give a crap He's not he's not the one screaming and yelling at everybody and run out on the hallway and putting on a bigger son of that and acting like a big macho butcher See like I said before guys who like pick on little people and The regardless of what his title is he's a little person. He's a little guy with a little teeny tiny desk It'll computer and if he was sitting in a high chair before we embarrassed him And I'm exactly he's got a little one and a desk too So if you want to pick on a board-ops and about the program direct you're in all these other little Intignificant people then what does that say about you spined up? It don't be pointing at the other two guys that I showed that'll enjoy and calling them spying less Well, I see you taking on somebody of some significance has got authority around here and putting their feet to the fire Then I'll say what actual he's got a big pair, okay? A big head in the big pair Fort Lauderdale hello Take right now. He needs an old pair. You hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'll come in. Oh, you don't great Just the way in on the morning team at the same old tire direct every day. You're direct. Yeah, it's befo and big yet They're right right up there with me with bevis and but it's uh-huh So it comes back on it kind of clock when you're on the radio my friend. Okay, and that's the end of it. I'll pass it along Have a good pass it right down the line to a big head 567.0560 everybody ever saw a little head but nobody likes a big head, okay? Here's the lake worth hello Yeah, sir One time, yeah, I want to talk about the morning show. Right. Let's hear it now hold nothing back get Globs off and let's uh nice sector is taking flight out with the real sugar in the woodbile Let's go and listen to that show for five minutes You haven't missed anything because they just take the same couple of things and there's rehash at all morning Well, but in contrast that's what makes sure show so great to talk about so many different all over the guy the employees That's our format aO are all over the road But I do can't I don't think you should criticize the guys because apparently that's what the people were They call in and they want to talk about No, I'm not listen. I'm not criticizing the guys all I'm doing is saying don't be picking on people who have no I don't throw a tantrum into building but other people for your own deficiencies or for things that they can't control What kind of a man does it take to do that? Yeah, but it seems like the public wants to hear them argue for two hours about whether Phil Jackson's a good coat Oh, I'm gonna tell you you know Like I said here's this great hockey game last night One of the best games I've seen in a long time it was simulating hashirt play great bell for play great And I mean I just all kind of good stuff in there and I turned on a rare this morning I talked about some simple and knitwood who used to be the coach of the bear the bulls when they had a team and who that cares about him Anyway, who cares? All right great showing you Thank you God bless you 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line The sports nerds let me tell you again are the people who need therapy They need to be put in a big big place and locked away behind with those big what do they call those things where they have the maximum security prisons the big around You know what I'm talking about No, not towers the big good With the cutting edges with a steel the you know what do they call that stuff bar Well, that's not bar board. They have a name for that Razor while whatever it is razor wire That's what they need lots and lots of razor wire on the outside to make sure we keep them on the inside the sports nerds Very young routine team went out there all Jimmy will break already. Well, yeah, Jesus Christ Man if these people would have known the jet and Sanders it was under last night of hockey night in Canada on CBC on a post game interview in his juxtap They would have they would have flown to the nearest sports bar. Oh my god. There's a job strap And let me see it again. It's all the only reason that any of this goes on in this radio station is because we have to feed Rigweed ego that's the only reason that this goes on and that's why we're like We're mortgage for the next 600 years to Wayne Hypinga and John Henry Because we all have to work our asses off so we can feed Greg Reed ego So he can be the sports maven. Oh look at this. I want a sports station. I'm a big shout. I got tickets How we impressed? No, how about they heard of no? How those videos kids? No 24-0 and it's 5.50 WQAM You God You're a manly man a man a man above man, but it's still in your vitamins problem is do I get many But man, you don't need them cuz you think they make it look day Do we taste pretty good, but what kind of a skinny name is Kiwis and lemon? Please the only thing you fuck her up to is you hardly want you get it out of the shop So the answer tough guy vitamins. They're shaped like rock So you can look like a real man chopping them down. They even crunch like sand and have a sewage like aftertaste So if you want to keep that chest hair growing and then black heads of poppin you need your vitamins And when you want vitamins you need Guy and this most only pick up a free twin pack of tough guy iron supplements so much I Know like your crap in middle stuff guy with a male ego Liz Okay, it's 1145 at 5.50 WQAM Or I say I don't care like I said I really do have that philosophy now I'm not gonna worry about all these other things But there was tension in the air so I think you cut it with your little toe this morning Everybody was running around back and oh my god You gotta see what and of course you can hear it. Oh of course you were telling me last week that that goes on in the hallway all the time here Which I usually I don't hear it because I'm over here in the club But you tell me that go every time they open the door here people screaming and carrying on out there in the hallway going like Like that Lot of that lot of magic and screaming. I don't we got a lot of screamers Of course most of them are in power 96 Here's the Fort Latterdale. Hello Yes, sir. I don't listen to the morning show you don't that off No, I listen Howard, but I do turn over every now and then to to listen on on on his breaks and it's always in commercials Or they're always talking about the heat So I'm okay. Wait a minute. I've done now one thing I will say I mean there are a lot of people like Howard But you can't compare their commercial breaks with Howard. Oh, they're both long. Howard's commercial breaks go on for like a half an hour Oh, you're right, you're right, but you know something that's not even that it's a handshoe of a problem Okay, because This shows reduce now to the banquet stories and Namedropping the the whole half hour of the show that's all he does. Well, what do you mean now? Well, it had you been doing that forever. Oh, he's been name dropping that's he's proud of that Thanks, say no tourist name droper. Yeah, the wrong thing for your story entered in the rail name dropping Olympics is your Larry King They're the top two contenders. Oh, could you please could you please play jelly roll? Oh Is that sad is that the set of Five six seven how many and you and you're talking about other people sir who have no material and say the same stupid thing Every single time you call this guy the intro you have no material I hope Hank comes over to your house and has somebody beat the crap out of you Five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 and T. Warless line Do you want to need about cars on radio shows? You have to get that's why I'd like to take if we had that line over under the 1800 line Which there you know it's an impediment to our success If I'm out of the starts throwing up the pot again and wasn't just laid back thanks to guilty I would start screaming about that again If we had a watch line for all the people listening on the audio net all of the goddamn country and instead of having the facts It's just to get back at him's orbit and not feel like they're a part of the show We get eight billion calls because if I'd like to go through them like a minion a day then we might get like ten good calls But you know what we're stuck with is here. We're stuck with what's here and believe me Open up the window and take a sniff and end up pretty tight Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Yeah, this is a Barry I'm all boy calling. All right. I'm just a little bit too much here man. Your name is Barry. Yeah, I'm good for any cabinets I never knew that there was any brothers named Barry. Oh sure enough sure No, I want to beat you for all by a mile, but I mean, I'm another any dark guy named Barry. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yes, sure is thank God Good for this anyway First time you call this a good any good tips I'm not before I'll grab it before alone. You never won't give me one. Yeah. Yeah, anyway I'm just calling it You know that I'm there some one more time to listen to you know all right and I don't listen to that first thing or more. I did just carve it so I'm just enough them for you come on Excellent great taste Barry Then I'm gonna hand come on In the distance and pop them junk and act a stupid arm with a hidden memory of it all new I didn't even tend to too on QA and Barry Huh and give it a big his first I'll bug the crap out of moking All right, thanks a lot. Yeah, very sick a buy bye And Kampons just a clock tonight. He's gonna get out there early baby I'm not really sure why I guess bull camper had to go to some big function Maybe tape on of his 45 shows that he's doing see there's a good guy though chemical bouquet for he's a good guy Everybody likes Kimba every Rolex man. It just have to course those people are jealous him because there's a talent In fact, you know something that would be a good. I don't want to get little dog anymore upset any already is because I know we'd love this show He listens every day. He reveres the ground that I do it on But I mean, man-ditch and Joe Rose is there any contest there? Oh, is there any? They're both ex-dolphins both ex-jocks Is there any comparison in any way shape or form between Joe Rose and Jim Mad Dog Nanditch, huh? No See managed good son the other night and like I said yesterday he's ripping a crap out of Greg reading the beastly for his checks being so damn late and all of the stuff Because he's not an asslicker man. It she tells it like it is He's not talking about well Gregory won't like this in Gregory won't like that and then go in there Start beating all over on a poor little program director. What did he grow a lot? You know he he not only what he he not only won't speak to me. He doesn't even look at me. You know I'm saying not that I'm complaining I'm not I'm not complaining at all But I musted on something them now you always tell me always Joe Costello or shouldn't say that I dinner the other night. Oh, we learned a lot at dinner the other night baby dinner and the aftermath of that dinner That was worth the price of e-mission wow And one thing we learned according to Joe Costello with that yeah Igor was like bad nothing to me when I first came over Oh, I heard all these out and we don't I know all about him. He's a trouble maker. He's a crap. Yeah Okay Igor. I'll just just stay out of your way. Okay. I'll steer clear. You go your way. I'll go my way So the speak here's a mobile and Davy. Hello Hey uncle new yes sir happy Wednesday to you sir that's a lot like they made Yeah, we're still in trailer trash calling in all right. Yeah, I tend to agree with you on your Analysts of the morning show or the worst team when they start talking ladies go off I mean I got to get into it. We're talking about the WNBA the other day too. Oh my god Is there any person in its right mind to think the WNBA is gonna make it here? Oh give me a break I'm sorry that program Hold my task it ball and that big dog I mean, you know the guy's got to have something to bring to the table And you just did it either dolphins are for daddy. You know what I mean? Yeah, no, let me ask you this. Who do you think is it? Will be better on that show Joe roser Jim Mandage I know contest the mad dog. Yeah I just want to ask on your subject of smoking and right yeah, she was requested Smoke on just smoke tune. Okay. Thank you sir. You got a month all right and the smoke one for us, okay You can kiss my rear end. No, okay five six seven five six the I'm probably shouldn't have gotten to this This is too delicate especially on a day when he's got a fragile ego like today I don't want to mess with other people's psyche, but you know if you're gonna pick on my good friend Bluff Lindsay Who's a good guy? He ain't saying anything you want about him. He's weak. He's this which he is but he's not a bad guy, you know I much rather work for a guy like that who's like kind of low key and mellow and doesn't give everybody a hard time and Realizes his limitations and sits in his little high chair with his thumb at his mouth and making out his schedules I'd rather you know have that then some guy that ran around here like given everybody a bunch of crap And believe me we've had more than our sure that You know what I'm saying? Here's a lady in Westchester hello Good morning. Yes, man top of the morning to you. Thank you. I love your show Listen, I've been listening to you often on all morning. You know what I think one thing about this show even the people who hate it love it No, I've been listening to you since you came with bill called her big wilt those with a day God that was great well anyway. I watched the I wanted to ask you some information. I watched the top 50 film stars last night Right, I have it my hand right now in the list too. Wait. I saw everything except the last two who I Almost could predict and I fell asleep now act of inner women One of each let me tell you was it Katherine Hepburn and Humphrey Bogart were the top two yeah Oh, that's right. They were showing them every first one. You're very good. You got over there. You go Which had a prize to send you? Well, no, I did it by process of eliminating now. Do you agree with Humphrey Bogart? Oh no, no, no The only good movie I think he was ever wearing was KK9 mutely the only one that I saw Gurkuz African Queen was okay. I thought Johnny Mathes was in that he is so overrated. I'm older than I say Yeah, he is so overrated but he's smart, but he smoked a mean packet camels. Oh, but but she got it and he I saw it up to the top two and I fell asleep But I was I figured she would get it. But why did she get it? That's another one. How do you overrated? I know because frankly my dear I don't give a crap about Katherine Hepburn. You know let me ask you what I missed a few I'd take a shower. What number was Lana Turner? Lana Turner. Was she make the list? I don't know. She didn't make the list. Honey like that. Oh my god Lana Turner. Well, maybe they're I'll sit about that murder. You know the holding a grudge against Lana Turner. You know who I figured would get the top? Yeah. Because these were the ones who had to have been stars before the 50s before 1950s. Yeah. The main other list. I figured John Lane would be he he was late. I wrote it. I remember. He was 13 feet. He was 13. Yeah. Well, it's a time he wasn't my favorite star. I was Clark Dable. He was fine. Well, he was fine. He was seven. This is good. Oh, it killed some good time with this. I always figured that he would have been the top. And don't forget Patrick McGohan. He was number six. You're you're kidding. No. No, he I thought you know he was. I'm just pulling you right now. Who is the prisoner? I've been the. Well, who did you think should have been one into? Number one. I think William Holden. Oh, he was good. Yeah. He was up there pretty. Peter Finch certainly should have been on the list. Yeah. What woman do you think should have been up top? Ah, and that's not easy. I don't know. Maybe maybe Betty Davis. Yeah. Yeah. I think she's definitely not Catherine Hepburn. The only reason Catherine Hepburn got in there is because she was you know doing Spencer Tracy. I mean, I just you know forget her. Yeah. Yeah. I agree Betty Davis. Yeah. But anyway. She's a little bit too much. I guess for the pilot. I have that three. Oh, God. No. Okay. Everybody but. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Well, my second is anybody buying into Humphrey, Boger. Oh. Oh, talk about another hype job. I mean, he was a 90% of the stuff. He was in it. Always the same. He was always the same. He always had a same drug in the, you know, over smoking. And by the way, is he doing pretty good right now? No. Too many of those camels man. Too many faggots. A few faggots. Okay. But too many faggots. Oh, kill you. Just keep that in mind. All right. Five, one or two. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. 11, 56, a QA on a tremendous Wednesday. Where we're dissecting the morning show and finding out is it the spot? Or is it the content? Or is it maybe one or more of those hosts? It's time to be fucked the morning show on his station. Oh. Well, one of the guys is already working on. He's beefing up. Oh, thank you. It looks so beautiful. I want you now. Oh, you beef. You found a red dog. You chugged a red wool. Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock. Red cock, Spomie, head will read you breathless. Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat. So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock. You can shake it and spray it all over. We remember you can't feed a red cock. Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front. Probably one or five, sixty WQM. You know, Hank, I'm sure what I had a great show yet. Especially with those 25 people working out on a show helping him out. But then that one guy that I told you called him was stuck around so heavy duty and threw him way off his feet and then he's then even Hank started to suck it up to Ed Pope and at that point the CD just went flying into my player. Suck it up to Eddie Pope did Ed Pope ever write anything that did he ever say anything. He's been in this town since before Lincoln was a baby. Did he ever write anything? He stole that love letters to the sports editor from Joe Falls at the Detroit Free Press about 50 years ago and that is big claim defense. He's just a funny wannabe who thinks that he's either involved a more or New York company, Hank is New Orioles and I'm a give me a break. Did Ed Pope ever write anything that anybody can quote? No. It made any sense. No. That took any ball. No. Man. What is wrong with his place? Just so much suction. We have to put up a big sign outside the door. That says, Job after the shoe park. And all the different languages my favorite one by the way is. Get the Hoover out the moon, my all of which mean. Enough of the fucking right. Enough of the goddamn sucking already. Okay. And it don't even feel good. Christ. 5605 success to sign that Hillary put up on a oral office door there in the White House and off of the sucking. Plantation. Hello. Plantation. 17 minutes and 57 seconds in plantation. Did they wait? No. Something that's probably that guy. The guy that called Hank that was sucking his ass yesterday. They wanted his body and his wife to that was from plantation. Do I get calls from plantation? No. 560560, Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. Sir, I want to award you the worst. Even the guy that said a very young Gator team. At least that was amusing in some way. And some bizarre, sick twisted way. Your call was the worst suck job in the history of the human race. Here's West Palm Beach. You know how you doing? Okay, sir. I hope you don't mind, but I'm disguised in my voice. Because I get a check from you guys every once in a while. Yeah. Yesterday when I was in, I think I caught the first part of that melee yesterday with Joe Rose. The first part of it. In other words, I missed the first half. I think so. So I had a high tail with out of there because my liability insurance doesn't ensure me again to fly in receivers and microphones. Okay. Well, listen. Thanks for the license to play. Simon. Five six or is that the Iman? I'm sorry. Iman with the Iman. Five six, seven, five, sixty. And that's another sucks job too. You notice the way that a whole all the like the news guy. I don't know what his name is on. I'm a sister show. But he always sucks up to him all morning long. Oh, yeah. Whatever you say, Iman. And you're right about that farm. Iman. And about those animals and your brother out there. He's an asshole. You're right about that. Iman. Oh. Just like just like Ed McMan. Here's a guy that made a living with suction. Just like Larry King. Look at all the guys who have made it. There's a sucker way to success. Five six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Margie. Hello. Any idea what you doing? Pretty good sir. The suction is incredible this morning. It is. Listen. Question for you on Saturday. My wife is finally taking me to a booth Chris. And off with a talk. Yeah. I know this is a subject that you're a little sore on. I'm a little, I don't know. I asked some people yesterday. Am I right or am I wrong about that? And they all said I'm right. Did I ever call you back yesterday? What? Did they even call you and apologize for not? No. Hi guys. For what? Well, you know, you take care of them all the time. I gave them a four hour information. And it was all straight from the heart here last week. I spend $500 plus terror. Whatever was over $500 there. I'm setting night. Another almost $200 there Monday night. And they don't even offer us a goddamn dimmy task. That's incredible. Well, maybe I'll throw your name around. Maybe they'll give it to me. Yeah. There you go. Just tell them that's fat Neil Semian. Question. What the hell? I don't know. I don't charge a double. What is it? What's the best thing? We're by staying. I thought I had the menu right in front of me as we speak. The spinach dog rat in the barbecue shrimp and I'll tell you right now my new favorite thing on that menu. And why am I giving them a free plug? God, damn it. The best thing on the menu is the appetizer. The stuff mushrooms who've grabbed me. That will set you free. Okay. All right. I'll have tremors in your back. Don't need a couple of those. Hopefully it should have set my wife free maybe after dinner if you know what I mean. Okay. Alright Neil. Good luck to you, pal. Can you play that my ass thing again? That was hilarious. Okay. Well, what was I supposed to play before for that other guy that I forgot all about? It's a gun just on. Oh, the guy now I'll get to that. Hold and boring. Okay. What's it in the minus? This guy that I want's minus? No, I'm sorry. 560, 560, pound-56, the animal. Here's a mobile and open lock, hello. Yes, sir. Oh, two. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Hey, uh, hey, I went so long. I forgot what I was going to say. 14 minutes and 54 seconds. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I gave you a name for the list yesterday. Oh, yeah. Well, yesterday's over with, okay. Call me again tomorrow. 560, 560, pound-56, pound-56. I want to give you a name for that list yesterday. Well, yesterday came in when and believed me. You could have got to yesterday because yesterday was one of our usually desperate days. And I'm sure today we'll turn into before it's over. Because it's Miami and the people are like very recalcitrant, like my old friend Rick The Mailman who hates me like poison. I'm not really sure why, but I don't care. You know, I say, Rick The Mailman. That's what I say now. You don't want to look at me. That would be like if I walked into public. Okay. And like, what do you guys is in there? And I like, uh, look, uh, and see you at the end of the row. And I just turn around and walk the other way. And you think, what the fuck I do to him? You know, I mean, I'm looking right at you. I can't just about to wave. I mean, that's a big deal. But it goes back to that business about being pleasant. For example, my friend Sylvie at the Turnpike toll place. You ever go through there by the stadium? You don't go through there. She's Cuban, you know. And has painted fingernails in right here. And she's a sweet heart. I love Sylvia. And on days when she's working, it's pleasant. Hey, New York, how are you doing? And I give her my 50 cents. And it's great. She's places. It's a little thing like I said before. A little things mean a lot. Believe me. I know that. Better than anybody. Little things. But like that. I mean a lot. But people are just in this town is just full of people who just they won't look at you. They won't speak to you. And they wouldn't give you the time of day. What do you know what I say? Screw them. And her end is matter of fact yesterday. I'm going home through the Turnpike toll place. And I see an arm sitting out there. I don't have change. I'm not going through the exact change. I'm going through the change link. And the arm is very dark. I thought, well that's not going to be a little bit of a tan overnight. And this turned out to be a sweetheart or very, I should say, there you have a great thing. And again, I don't know her name. I don't know who she is. But she just went the extra like two inches. Okay. Not nine yards. Two inches. Just to say something pleasant. So you walk the drive away from there with a smile on your face. Like, hey, there was like a decent human being. Searching for decent human beings in this town is like looking for a guy they need to go in the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the line of motion. Which is probably where it's floating around right now. It's probably Bob and out there. Somebody's bobbing up and down on it. I think she was in here this morning. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Maybe OJ's bobbing up and down on, huh? I think it'll fit. Just about the right size for OJ's big fat. Right, though. Yeah. Just look at right in there, OJ on your way out of town. Don't take it personally unless you want to, just that we hate you like poisoned and don't want you to come back. Regardless of what Willy's saying. Oh, please. Wow. My ainess. My ainess. My ainess. My ainess. My ainess. My ainess. My aim is my aim is my aim is Hi kids, y'all like good little thinkers that fun little sound becomes right out your stink Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for right little songs about My brains are gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which class girl I'm gonna fart on Dr. Dreas you'll make you plastic No, what was that last when you were low-poor well It's age 12 it seems like I always smell that Ripon gases and juts was pretty swell. I got this off when I took my jeans off and Farted so hard and turned my under my backwards like Chris Crock and every night I'm like oh dinner that then caught up my ass passes a fat day to ask you fat smell There's honey. You'll get me the middle girl. I don't give a god's happy to think the world up My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is I just see to want to meet kids out back in junior high. The problem was something Proved up my ass and die. I shot him in the face with my vapor the worst happened later when I covered his death He was taller than vapor walking the street flood my chances were filled up most of all Tennis took a dump of the kid girl went over to a dance ahead of fucking a gong She lifted a leg up and I do she was a father My mom got all cats and I do Photographer love to be a famous rapper. They corrected about three noises. They don't look crap You know you would dirt when the women were to leave Drop the whole the back bus you must need to relieve the guy. Why? Shats and sad it was pretty cool, but I had to go drop the kids off and boom My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is Yeah For three to five sixty WDQ and your intellectual station for the nine years, but we don't answer out a lot of stupid So anyway, the nephew Greg reads nephew Chris just comes in and I just had gotten through saying something good about him The other day like he's not as much of an answer as the same or something like that And it comes in here while that's playing he says to me is Stan major still on a year somewhere Said you have something like five watch stations around him. Oh, I've been looking all over I can't find them And this is somebody by the way under the age of a hundred You know like this lady in public last night is very nice, but very elderly lady. I mean she was oh Okay, and She's where does she what does she let's do mr. Ego? She says oh, yes, they're Steve and that young man that works well And they always speak very kindly of you Well, I'm not really shampin listen lately because I got those fiery portions if I really care But she's the one it's listening Who in about four other five other old people but Stan major You know I think would be a great show for people are like suicidal right on the edge to push him over the edge the bulk of Ryan stand Major show Wow You talk about I mean book at least has got some talent, but at any rate talk about the pressing people Oh, I got a better one the bulk of Ryan stand major and bomb last sugar show. How's that sound? Yeah You'll blow your brains out before the theme song finishes plan Of course some shows on this station we listen to the entire theme play all the way out because we're listening to the dead air 560 50 50 560 on the you know I'm talking about On the mobile I'm gonna say if I had 45 people working on my show this show would be so spectacular every single Day and I write this it would be a barn burner air be day. I mean as it is it's not doing too bad, but Jesus Christ if we had 73 people running around here Sucking our toes and everything oh Man This show would be kicking big gigantic bloody rash all over town all over the world We'd have a half a plus we'd have a would be number one half not just number one Whatever is above number one we'd be it But we don't have like a staff of 245 people Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello Great, you know and I wanted to echo your sentiment that we're in a fantastic hockey game. Yes, it was absolutely fantastic Correct With the hitting that was going on in that game last night. Yeah, you have to combine a whole weekend of NFL games To get the kind of hitting that was going on that's right That's right, okay, maybe the whole NFL season Well, I don't know about that one. That may be so I'm talking about real hits. I'm not talking about a big bunch of 350 pound pound Porkers like you know standing there playing grab ass with each other like with their elbows in each other's face That's not hitting okay, oh no I like it when the fire is re-revalent a football game. You see a guy running down field and maybe like a you know You had defensive back you had to melt them on you know and make a great hit like maybe Jeff Foxworthy or whatever They must Jeff pop your witch from the U of M You know that's you're right about that one, but I mean as far as the that thing they call a morning show Yeah, you couldn't pay me to listen well, okay What's the biggest problem when I show in your estimation? What is it that turns you often it? You call you say it every day the worst team. Yeah, you know that's it. I mean Aside from the spots. I mean that whole everything except for your show is nothing but spot Without questioning you we've already identified and I'm not usually headed in blood and even even then they choose it But unless we had it engraved in blood they'd run in 50-50 in our show that they say it every day It exists in this market because this isn't really a mark. That's right. It's fangirling The quality of people at listen. I turn it on I can stand Hank for the first 15 minutes after of course the sports update the 10 minutes of spot You know then if I wanted to pick on the goddamn program director, which is an legitimate point As long as we got to put up with all these spots, which we don't have a choice. What do we have this repetitious long pond of Sports updates in there which is a tune out Wait a minute. Hey, oh, you're talking about your employee of the month. Oh, that's true. Yeah, I take it back There's actually he has control over that. What do we have these for especially on days when there's virtual? Nothing going on and we got that awful music. Do we have that music is it in the thing there that update music? All my it goes on and on and you're saying okay, all right. I mean I love Ken Maloney's a great guy But enough with that stuff already Ken and whoever else is doing it enough Yeah, four four updates with the same update especially when there's nothing to talk about and These will be and please take advantage of the few minutes that we've got that aren't commercial time and give these guys It chances if they might have any material which some of my doubt but nevertheless Yeah, that's it's really bad. It's too bad you couldn't get on a real radio station But then again in this market what do you consider a real radio station exactly in the text are clear and pretty good. Okay. Thanks a lot pal Take care. I'll give you your regards 560 50 50 50 60 560 animal mobile online that was and sometimes they're update they update goes so long that the music ends and they have to start it all over again and yeah, oh Oh, God On and on and on and don't worry sick. There's no this morning and two more like go round and one was square and one was yellow and one was deep inside And oh my and bureau strawberry got busted again and on and on and on and so and that horse you know to Want to head the bad leg he and feel it a bit this week for these okay and Marlin nobody cares it with too late anyway. It wasn't in the paper stupider of the score and That's killing feel it. Thank you Oh And like I've totally this many times before this is my own humble opinion. It's a miracle that this station gets the numbers that it does it's a it's a Miracle of modern science And it goes to show you during those 20 hours when they're hockin a sports that that those sports nerds They must really have no lives. They must be desperate Because they are there like stuck stuck by lapages glue to their radio To the all a crap about ladies golf in the WNBA and stuff that even sports in the Roddocks who are like locked away in mental institutions Even they wouldn't talk about and there is still out there. So what they all complain about okay 560 5050 5060 on a mobile one line but those updates Here's a mobile in Orlando. Hello Yes, sir. It's rolling up all the way to Orlando baby. I've been listening to you for less couple hours with my fiance and You know you hit right on the head with the worst team just a bunch of no talent mofos Yeah, terrible. You know, over your money is that what you say? Yeah, exactly. I mean My mom call up Marlin and see if he knows what that means jerk Marlin Inside Joaquin okay I was listening to a little bit of a friend in the late night the gambling Baby sir, it either k Baby k He seems like a nice guy. He's a nice guy Mart intelligent person. I'll show that a great guy. Yeah, I'm believable. I mean the kind of people you must have to babysit It's the G-A show Yeah, exactly. I mean it's that Q-A-M-G-A show starring Yeah, I'm a reading an article about this guy's story younger I want to the object. I want to bring the answer He won the world series of poker a couple years ago, right? I have to fight him back from Just being on the ball to his rectum and And he I heard he may be over's an under's yet Yeah, then he uh It's just it's just unbelievable when you listen to it and then and I hear this color Yeah, I make all the noise you want we don't do audience to know that we got the fan working good in Jeff Cohen is your would lunch from pizza lock wheelchair Well, I hear this color call any any K and he's like Any I don't know how this happened I'm sorry because he couldn't have a I thought he couldn't lose it could have a lose Yeah, and I'm just I'm just thinking about you baby. I mean these guys are unbelievable You know and then and finally just want to say I feel like commander there. I was on hold so long But thanks anyway, okay. I'm having a great day pal And don't think about me quite so hard. Here's Jeff Cohen of course who's thinking about the Very hard Oh, you know something you got to bring us because you're the guy that came your place that went at Roy Foster still on a hear the other day Bro, you never got a back See if we had real management in this place somebody would have gotten this our big black bill low back That Roy Foster came in here and took out he got to have that I got to have that maybe you know to you have a little party 560 560 palm 560 on a mobile one line So what do we got today just all kinds of great first stuff we got sausage meatball little mushroom and air cheese a little bit of sauce Leak color lost 20 pounds on the egg and die oh Everybody in their brother or laws do the great job the bluff Lindsey lost the what do you say 10 whatever you lost on the egg and die Fat Hank looks so lovely that some of his butt suckers out there and radio land one is body. I mean what more can you want? And I'm fat five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line How come nobody we spotted me about nobody gave me any advice on my feelings about Ruth Chris We had a one guy who managed to squeeze up for them another free plug on a show to be but nobody you know Because I don't want to sound like a cheap skater. We're got to run everybody looking for females because believe me If I want to eat free all the time I could I could have been doing it every day for the last 20 years and eating good stuff for free But I don't like being a free loader But I do think that when I patronize you to that extent and okay, you want a restaurant if I came in I realized different kind of restaurant But if I came in and it's bet a gigantic amount of money on a seri night and brought a couple more people in on Monday And spent a lot of money wouldn't you offer me like a free Something you're like the sodas or your free beer appetizer. Yeah, I mean, doesn't that make sense Come over and thank me personally for my patronage who would scratch you again And we love you like crazy in a free or for our information to give us on a year last week Instead of just looking to be gone. Yeah. Thanks very much Mr. Behalfer Yeah, the guy takes my credit and that not you know like the head and the idea who I was and I know the who I was because the major Who she did me who I was and brought up front the blind lady she knows me When I came in the door high mr. Rogers how are you tonight? So maybe maybe they're taking a page out of the burn-lapse your song book from burn steak out over there Not no okay, now let me ask you just a management half to be there to offer me your free a couple coffee They do the Management has to be there to offer you a free cup of coffee a free a demitas a free cup of chino Not in the pizza law Okay, so maybe I'm overreacting maybe wasn't there fall. I don't know five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line Can be that gator me It's a day after Right it's a day of Fun slowly where red shirts and when we all come you didn't hear the scratch It's going to be with our manicured goaties is a day After all We'll be holding hands in a venture Letting watch the live The man Ali marching Then we'll make your history with a kiss on the cheek it's a gay day We in Comuvre So way as we transcend such Amy and Exactly It's a game. It's a game. It's a game. It's a game. It's a game. Okay, I'm following lawsuit. You're not. You're not. Cirqueway. 23 at 5 60 W 2 AM. Oh my god, we got a Cuban Ron Jeremy. 5 60, 0 5 60, pon 5 60 on the mobile one line. Oh, finding out some real interesting things. So maybe I judge prematurely. Maybe on Monday, Jeff has told me since he knows the restaurant business that there aren't the appropriate management types on the staff who could have authorized even like a free anything besides the glass of water. Is that what you're saying, wait a minute, where's the collecting them? It's a possibility. Yes, I don't know. Why are you making excuses for them? They can excuses just when you go to big corporate restaurants. They control everything. I mean, everything's computerized and all that. And if there wasn't a manager that had enough authority to sign something off, no of what he took it on himself. Who knows, either that or they screwed up? Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what could I tell you. Now, what's this place that you're telling me is your great wood steak? Oh, bistro mesoluna on 17th Street, causeway. From outside, it looks like nothing. It's in a strip center. We have a little roast or a mizzin' at war or jane. Roll. I think it's the same name, different company. But they these prime meats, it's always consistently good. Their fish is awesome. Good. Thanks, though. Yeah. Have you eaten any of those crisp? I had about extra. It's right there a few years ago. Really? Yeah. Was your body? It was also a week night like a Monday when it was slow. Yeah. It was not slow on them. Well, when I lacked, they much, I had to have them by the way that I put in. If you're rating a bubble of great places, they probably didn't have their first string guy on the grill. But I ordered one of those giant porter houses for two. I don't even know if they still do that. Just a few minutes. I ordered it for myself because I'm a big steak eater. I ordered it at medium rare. I came out with almost no pink in it at all, let alone medium rare. So I sent it back nicely. And the next one came out raw. Raw. We saw what they were trying to give you a message. Well, so I, you know, said, I could do it raw. No, it's just, you know, that could happen. Things happen. Sometimes, if they're going to go off when you burn a pizza or, you know, I mean, there's nothing you could do about it. Mistakes happen. You know, the drive is moving on. You wouldn't bring it out burned. It's not supposed to be brought out burnt, but you can't look at everything yourself. I mean, once in a while, someone might take something out that shouldn't. 99% of the time, things go out perfect. They're supposed to be. Yeah. Well, you know, restaurant business is in an exact science, except that the pizza all for everything is perfect all the time. So, in other words, if I bring my close personal friend Sean over there, who's home on the break from Northwest and over there next month, you're going to tell me, okay, I told him, you're not going to give him a verb pizza. Of course not. Because he Jewish. Right. Now, we'll probably very not let the deans list and he's bright enough to know the difference between the good stuff that they usually serve and something that's a burnt up pizza craps you. Okay, so it tells about the 21 year old chick you had on the plane. I don't know. Oh, that's right. I got you confused with somebody else. Right. Okay. I would see what's stored in a land of that. Oh, is that what's the date to that? Oh, but, you know, 41 year old, you're an LED. We went to a machine. Legal 21. Yeah. Yeah. And what's wrong? Why do you say that? So, I don't understand. What's the big deal with that? Well, I don't know. Just, you know, I've been out of the swing of things for so long. Everything seems kind of weird after so many years to be single. I feel so much more relieved knowing that he's as hairy as a, I feel so much better than me. Yeah. And I'm talking about J.P. He's a walking carpet. They just said a Cuban carpet. Right. I feel so, no, I feel like this tremendous sense of relief just came over me. But this is a unbelievable coincidences at this concert. We had four through a seat. Yeah. How much through it? He was pretty hairy. He was unbelievable. Thank you, actually. Is he sensing? No. But he put on a great show with the air energy. No. No. But he puts on a great show. He was saying no. No. Great songs. Any could sing. Yeah. So anyway, part of his show is how much he knows. Because when you see these concerts, you're usually so, you're not going to have a few drinks. But yeah. That's how you listen up. So, part of his show is kicking soccer balls into the audience. Right. Kick about it doesn't balls during the course of his concert. He's a big soccer guy. He owns part of the soccer team. So I caught a soccer ball in the beginning of the concert, which was pretty cool. But of course, being a gentleman, I was going to give it to my date. Even though I went on a way that ran out of the same and I was dying to keep it. That's how I told her she could have it. A couple of songs later, they let some girls go up on the stage. So she went up and danced at the band. And like six eight ten girls are up there dancing to some song. He gives her a kiss on a cheek along with the other girls they all leave. Now there's a lot of Ricky Martin likes to. Look, six, right. I've got some balls in his concert. Stu is wondering. Usually afterwards. You know, going, comes back a couple of songs later. She's standing on the chair dancing. He points it or with two hands like a gun shaking a thumb up in the air. Kick the soccer ball 30 feet through the air directly to her. She catches it without bubbling it. So we end up with each get to keep a soccer ball, which is pretty cool. And the people around us were going nuts because out of 20,000 people at the place for two people next to each other then. If a two soccer ball was an unreal coincidence. So I went and bought a lot or he took it immediately. Which didn't do any good. Oh. I do have an autographed rod to it soccer ball. It's a great. Great. Okay, I'm glad you had a good time with that 17 year. I mean that, Tony, when you're old young lady. You want to tell us about the plane trip? No. Okay. Okay. There he is. Jeff Cohen from the Pizza Law Great Food and Rio Perversion. Maybe that's what it's all about. Not a bad combination. But all depends on what you're in the mood to put it in your mouth, I guess. 21, before one, it's five, 60, WQM. What a good and disheart yani. Oh, I was like, no, I'm going to feed him, if I ever got two. We'd. And one. Butré Sant Protection. Cut is already there. Wait, it's going to be one. The steering wheel gets all this public home at the Wellington. So we'd like to see you on this Friday. Go get some water. You need to show me a little bit. Rock the man as somebody want to sell and from a mile away you can detect these hell of smoke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. He light up his breath and smoke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. Okay. Smoke can't smoke. The gun shall be good. You'll be carry lots of earth in the gun, you stack. Smoke get every day until you're long soon like. With all the funny days we have made. Jamaica does some need and a foreign day. America and tourists from here and say, conducting like this in the US. Smoke can't smoke smoke. They light up his breath and smoke. They begin to puff and smoke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. The gun shall be good. Smoke can't smoke. The gun shall be good. Smoke can't smoke. The gun shall be good. The gun shall be good. America and I will write. The gun shall be good. Tonight and then they smoke. Smoke can't smoke. They light up his breath and smoke. They begin to puff and smoke. Smoke can't smoke. Smoke can't smoke. The gun shall be good. Smoke can't smoke smoke. don't add your mind and get laid to which we all say let's do this kind of one before he passes out here's a guy that had a heart attack on the action to low bill of the i yeah i i was on the action side or about eight weeks had lost about thirty pound yeah on the action so it's called it a book i had to hard cover and a soft cover turn around and one night at just finished dinner i had a state with a big potato butter on it and a glass of water and it was there and it makes potato yes baked potatoes are not the actions that it's on the action side yes no it is not i'm sorry not baked potato i thought the outside of the something out that was allowable not to pay the you want to make potato guarantee that's pure start to turn to sugar i was washing carbohydrates with all that protein in fact that's when you're going to go oh i'm trying to i want to want to get but anyway and i had dinner about six o'clock and i i didn't have a big to pay that something else yeah i hope this state i can't recall what it was okay but i was approved on the action side okay and uh left there and felt like uh i had dinner just thought like something was in my claw you like stuck in my chest yeah and i had a massive heart attack and died at commercial in anyone hey they revived me and they did a five way bypass of garage on and the doctor said it came because of the fact that i was lacking some kind of fibers that came from fibers again for bread or something and the fact that i had too much meat and it created too much fat around my heart huh but that's you know that's what they told me i don't mean all these other people that we know that meat and not the i just i don't know what to tell you i'm not a guy you know but it just been you and why did you spend the time that you don't have everybody can do everything the same way that's right and you know it might have just been a reaction that i had to but i was on a for six weeks and it was great i lost like i said about thirty pounds or you know something you may have been going to have that anyway yeah i don't know i'm saying these you are so you can't tell uh-oh you know any difference was i when you had your stroke i had my heart attack oh brother well and we both pulled it out okay yeah okay well i'm gonna take care of your stop okay there's a guy to know this yeah i don't want to cover up for anything if i got people that got sick or nearly died on the act and let's hear about it unlike that horrible piece on cbsv news last Friday where they promised to give us a big run down and blow down and next was a and they told us nothing didn't say a guy damn thing did you dance nothing no i mean what's the big deal with that? they're gonna have the big expose on a very controversial diet and it come on and have doctor bobble and lulu and then they got a cardiologist and let that fit you know how television works you're out for like 15 seconds and now let's move on to the next piece of crap we're not gonna tell you anything god forbid you have to tune in Sunday morning watch all the infomercials and buy all those pills they're gonna make you lose the weights or maybe talk to the juicy man and get another one of those guy damn juicers so you can put pure sugar into your system yeah start drinking a lot of that fruit juice that'll do it you'll be going all right into the day five six seven especially if you're diabetic five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line so what's the name of the place you said the uh metaceluna bistro metaluna on the 17th street constantly and four lot of there we may have to go there you know the bistro metaluna well look at your uh oh boy Georgia's head just pulled up from his free lunch from his food uh like somebody who had it on a string man like a goddamn jack in the box oh sorry I said then here's their candle hello yes sir hey how you doing great I got two things for you and it's your Joe Rose sir on the morning show uh oh man it's quite far okay you kidding me that big that that that's all right with that big that that's all right um I got two things for you I was that home this morning but he wouldn't leave oh is that right school teacher told him get out of here go home and they didn't leave uh big brawl I cut a call a couple days ago when you do an adolescent influential people of the 20th century and I don't think anybody mentioned this but uh uh I think the guy you know for better for worst is the most single hand we responsible for the way kids are raised in America and that doctor somebody didn't mention that and they don't have to be right next to Hitler right yeah exactly but the thing I really call about was that game last night uh I got to tell you that uh this damnicop final shaping up to be you know thank god we finally got a final outspan testic and it covered here below yeah absolutely I mean it's covered in a paper's below is the coverage on the station absolutely is an embarrassment yeah I think I think it's ironic that you know the only non-sport show on all four stations is the only one talking hockey that's right the only one with a highlights the only way that knows what's going on you're when talking about how great has your can be all for both we're last night's blue and how stimulating that game was that's right that's right I mean this this whole final shaping up to be one for the ages because I mean every game is it's better than the one before you notice how buffalo finally forced Dallas into playing there that you know they open up the game and the last two-thirds the last almost two periods we're just unbelievable I knew I had hard heck in the third last night because buffalo was a point on their heels a little bit I might have been that big potato yeah but uh you know I thought the stars are gonna tie it up for sure but uh oh how do you like that playboy Craig Woodwood to put the game under my lawn when I go in air Craig you turn 87 years old and I love terra for old not Craig Woodwood I was going to first school in a hundred years for Dallas the other night and I'll give it right back here some honor to go go carry the way but you were probably watching the CBC but I was I was watching the CBC for you every we're after the game the interview just Anderson with his pants going down in his jocks rap hat I know yeah I heard that um but I was watching I was watching it again and right up right after that goal they showed a shot of can't hitchcock to splorting out the effort and frustration really oh yeah I was I was loving it I knew I had an accent in my pants because I could stand the stars well I can't wait to the law of night man but uh yeah but uh yeah I haven't seen a series of good since 94 you know the Rangers and Knocks right that was great that was our last good series right absolutely but um but yeah that's all I have I know there's a one looking at me now yeah I just want to be my shits on that that's you Igor okay have a great day but all right okay he's acknowledged my existing test good I must be doing something right or maybe that's because the food's here now 567 05 60 pound of 560 on a mobile one line we share with everybody in the building your septicor's certain salespeople that we won't mention on the year okay we got a picture of him right here I'm going to start sticking like voo pinbell I'm going to get a Todddreck blow up doll in fact if we could ever get that big black instrument back from our good friend whoa it could stick that in a blow up doll huh only Todd might like it do you know Todddreck well what do you mean oh let let's hear about this let's get this back on let's uh no no I want to hear about this come on pull that thing down into Mike too okay you're used to pulling it I've bought things from he's been a salesman in a series forever different companies yeah he's takes things seriously that's what I mean by that good so good that the idea there's no there is no kidding around in this situation okay his performance in here yesterday in fact two days in last week has been so anxious as they say that there's no turning back remember Corny this brothers and sister rosots too late to turn back now it's too late to turn back now Todd okay I'm not a joke I'm sure he's not 100% what I'm sure he's not happy a little Todd how you doing now are you saying that this one like like a friend of yours no a body of yours I thought acquaintance of business because my opinion of the launch which I was enjoying so tremendously then I just said you mean always and he's I think I've just been into a bad piece of meatball you know I just thought yeah I just thought that part of the meatball that's kind of a learn how to do your job and taste like a couple of months old no I know him from business yeah like I said he sold for her half a dozen different companies in the market for whom I wouldn't get a channel for for what I have no idea I don't know where he was with some other radio I always he worked for a clear channel and they sent you a certain they sent us flowers and a thank you letter when we hired him over here it said good luck you'll need it the lunch is good right they said if you luck fat boy you'll love time and we do love that boy come back comparison the lunch is great Todd sorry yeah you lose Todd you're out that's it I was I had something good about him I thought maybe he had the goods on it oh there's Jason who can sniff out either cigar smoke or for your lunch one of the other well I thought all that we defective your sense of smell but I guess not five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty uh on a mobile maybe that's what he smelled I forgot to mention Jeff wrote some of that in two well I make you and make you eat a lot more food at the pizza lot you know I'm talking about here's uh Hollywood hello Hollywood okay nice to 33 minutes and 42 seconds and when the big moment came when at big gigantic moment came scored scored they pulled it out honey like that they backed right off of there and hung up pussy a pussy in Hollywood five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line see we're starting to like it's almost what a clock now I killed the first hour to quarter myself beautifully and I shot the old thank you good and then I give these people all kinds of food for thought and that's it the dead place here's a lady in Miami Lake, shall I? Yeah, yes, man I was on the actin I lost about fifty pounds are you dead yet? No but I did have a heart attack but I would be for the actin before the actin yeah but then after I lost about fifty pounds oh my god look yeah it took about two years in my doctor took me off the actin to do I had a high cholesterol and put me on food and veggies I'm gonna tell you right now the best side I was ever on my life I lost I lost about a hundred pounds and nineteen seventy four and seventy five Actin no I really wasn't the actins it was the stillman Remember Dr. Stillman yeah What what what what is the difference between the stillman died in the actins was the stillman died was a lot of protein and virtually no carbohydrates but it wasn't high fat protein you know I'm saying yet I have like Turkey breast and chicken roll and then fish and and real lean area and the meat you ate had to be real lean And none of this like salad dressings and mayonnaise and butter and fats that's what an actins puts on and I'm gonna tell you Work great for me. I felt great. I'll still have a hundred pounds. I haven't gained back to fifty pounds. I'm going back on a stillman Even though he said I'm going back on a stillman What is to call the water died because you had to drink at least they classes a day? I know of course all of that She have to drink at least they classes a day. I do about ten to twelve eight times is a day right? It tells you up yeah, but you sugar six I still get it every once in a while and I have to get off of it I still go back to those cheesecakes to get off of this stuff. I think that pint of Ben and Jerry's frozen yogurt I had yesterday might have upset me back a little bit Yeah, once you taste it you want some more yeah, and it wasn't really all that good even they got a couple of new flavors And I'd be honest with it I still like this is food. Yeah, there you go. Okay, so we don't keep it up. Love you. Bye bye Okay, we're hearing from people we went on the actins and died from it anybody else out there give us a call That's your about it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line Anybody else remember the act of the astillian diet? No, of course not Don't you remember it Dr. Irwin everything or whatever is there was Jewish Maxwell stillman And he was always unlike Jack par whoever else was on TV and though he's on all the talk shows and he was like a real character But it was a good diet and At the time I remember the two big that was back in the 70s the big diets wereackins and astillman There was like a lot of competition between them and the one that took most of the heat back then was actins because of all the fat, you know This was high protein, but not all that fat and certainly no big potato sir don't do it again 1257 at five sixty wqm Are you sure it's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon Yeah, what that was that oh I see what a clock what I wanted five sixty QM Well I screwed up okay my internal screw up once in a while. Oh, thank you Because I got all this you know what what was he with stories Jeff Cohen has been here give me all these stories about Hidden late and doing the Plane and do a plan and on a plane and And is that I mean is that more important than to show or what oh but you're sweet at because we don't care 560 750560 pound five 60 on the 18 T while I'll explain anybody remember that stillman diet no no We want to talk about diets You all don't talk about that morning show and then almost nobody a Volunteerly without my asking responded to my thing about Joe Rose or Jim and it's I think that was a very important program in question And I'm sure that our program directors taking notes on that right now as we speak Here's a pop-in-o with no e by the way pop-in-o What's going on with you Neil? But how's it the hangin? Well first of all when I was driving around earlier and you had the Dutch skin person called the same was Barry and you said there were nobody named Barry you're not very Sanders Very bonds Ben very bonds very lucky and very livingston and how about their old strawberry Right all right then and how about very very how he dairy right He was married today just right We're guiding be sure measure the loan excellent If you were looking for another couple of state places tropical acres Did I say something my teeth are fixed in my mouth? I don't put them in a glass. Oh look at a broadest thing back Roy bro our thing back. I'll bet Roy better brother thing back. Hey, all right, right brother our penis back And that wait wait, let me see that him That hasn't been you look at that thing Jesus, we're gonna look at the head on that thing Man, oh man, this thing is one or a frasal Like you had a good time Roy How do you how do you like it? I'm a good person smells like Oji Go ahead, I'm sorry. No, well, I'm surprised at the reaction you said for top of the lake or I mean the food's great Did you say trapper I want you said that I can't believe it Well actually have food in my push Sorry doctor Sorry, I find find I mean I want there not too long ago. Let's go the name of it again Okay, I get the green apple course step just here in the name of it I won't that's why they keep having a Christmas party here All right fine off skip over it no problem because I think skip or chuck of some of this count No problem any restaurant where you got to put your teeth in the glass when you sit down at the table that ate for me yet Maybe in 20 years now When I was there, but that's all Okay, I got you a lot of clear I just got white I met Kimbo once you talked about Kimbo and managed Kimbo It was an excellent time and we can Excellent guy I love their him and managed to a morning show but they got their own businesses So what the heck then I could give that up and change their life. I don't know I think for the right box I think they could pull that off of mad dog there in the morning you know what I'm saying Man, kids and man what a different than tight ends between Joe Ross and Jim Amanda there you go One final thing I got to think one bonnet content with you go right ahead you've been talking and I Have you 95% 99% about guns yeah, you got You're talking about these sales staff over selling different things they put a gun show Spot right in the middle of your show every hour Are you aware of that now? Yes, you just played one three minutes ago. We have gun show spots back. Oh, yeah, here's the Suncoast gun show We have but I have no control over that. Okay. Why thought that you had enough I got a news for the only control I have is over the endorsement set of new live commercials Anything recorded they want to put on any show they can pull whatever crap they want to put in there Whatever just pointed out to you then I mean I know they're there. I didn't realize we had no ones because I'm too busy eating You know, okay Well, you have fun with you, but I have a great day. Well, you have fun with you Five state definitely not my type good guy though great food good lives today pony tail Yeah, but he turned a side of a great restaurant called bistro metzoluna on 17th Street Cosway and four-letter. They will all go there and Joe Rokastela's gonna buy next time What what is that all about that's the least you can do after your pissing off his girlfriend and act in like some kind of a jerk Huh Well seriously, I mean she was very nice. She behavior very well. She was very friendly and everybody also need to get along But you act at had act like some kind of little needle Like a heart ass and the gutter very offended And now of course you're sticking you know is in between you know those two Which isn't a bad idea five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty and spider bear Palm five sixty on the 18th he wireless line. I've got this thing. It's amazing thing at home. It's called a razor Here's the open park hello Hey, yes, sir Very white yeah, oh, how could I forget that? You know something right after tropical acres come Right on my list Name you buy You might see my be saying that I wish you could see this disgusting bill though that right and first of all it's great It's like body temperature and I'm saying it's a very warm number one that that's what makes it suspect and number two The head is worn down to a fragile I happened to know because this was brought to us as a you know as a fun gift right out of the box This was in pristine condition before Wrong yank that out of here so to speak and now it's like a definitely worn down Maybe he had a design painter so like somebody has been doing a heavy big-time number on it Have a good day deal and thank you so much I'm not joking about that look at that. I've seen like that That have been worked a little bit too much and too frantically and too often without a chance to heal up your arms And this one looks definitely like that. Nice going there. Oh, wow. I sure hope she had a good time Fine, well she looks so happy this morning 567.0560 pound five 60 on the 18-int. You are this line. Dang this up baby Yeah, we know the my sister's opening will have people And we second that emotion The fight for lips And we'll have to And the fire tastes that leaves you in peace The easily this just did And that is pain But like a face man I'm going to end you rain All right Oh The reason The rise Yeah You're ruining shining all the pain The balcony to me Well say then to you please The one left is not to say you Makes the hero find that And straight up Now while the real super got a lot of come off in your super These are the two I got a must-see A friend's call in number two Ah You're nearly in catch But I prefer you If they thought you're fat in two Are you sure The reason The rise The moon is standing on me Since like a penny to me Now put away that K-wise The darling I'm going in Just me I'm over you And you're not deluce When I see where the door To move to And the watch that I was out with is not so true When When I do These miscellaneous lack of men You'll find it hard to sit down And I get done with your can I take back the band and it's too There's tear-shed There's pain There's nothing You're moving inside And I'm going to be Since like a penny Since like a penny Oh Since like a penny To me one-fourth thing is five-six-two. That's kind of interesting. The gas mic. Well see that's because this board is such a piece of crap. That's why my CD wouldn't work. You've got all these multi-function with the same pods. It's a tinkering toy. Is it a tinkering toy? Yes it is. So the gas mic was still open. They were all that stuff where we were talking about. We're all in here speculating about where this big black plastic penis had been while it was in his possession. Yeah. And what's wrong with that? So if anybody didn't hear it, here's what we were saying. Here's a Hollywood hello. So yes sir. Hi, how are you doing? Great. I listen to you show all the time that I don't normally call in. I'm a cardiologist and I just want to comment on a few things that I heard on your show today. Okay. First of all, the guy who was on the act of design for eight weeks and all of a sudden had a heart attack. You know, obviously had heart disease and going on for 20 years. Heart disease has been happening eight weeks. Right. So it was from the diet. I was about 95 pounds on the act as I myself. Great. In terms of cholesterol and triglycerides, it happens to do great things for cholesterol and triglycerides. And blood sugar too. Yeah, I had tons of patients who were there cholesterol and triglycerides in my nail nut. What I wanted to ask you is, do you understand? I haven't been able to find out why women do so poorly on the diet. Have you heard or read or? She I don't know. I have one listener. She lost a whole person. And because I had tons of fat women who just really threw the diet to very strict. Yeah. And they just don't lose any weight. Really? I didn't know why. And he doesn't men seem to do very, very well on it. Maybe it's yeast. I don't know what it is. Oh, seriously. And I see. I'm getting a look from the other. If you read the book which I'm sure you have, he talks about it when you have a yeast infection. That you have tremendous resistance and you won't lose any weight. And then you have to give whatever that stuff as they get produced. And what does that the? Whatever they give. I'm not about that. Right. Exactly. The other thing was I wanted to come out in the hockey. We had to follow it all the time. Right. And the guy said the last great series. I said the last great series of the Panther series. No. You didn't like the Panther series? The final series. I mean, the last game was a great game again. And when in Triple Overtime, I was there. But I mean, the last four in a row, it wasn't what you call it great series. We just, I mean, Colorado was so far above and beyond this. Yeah, but I thought the game themselves were fantastic. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. There's another cardiologist who's lost the ton of weight on the acens. I love that. Dan, rather an audio asshole. See, you're irresponsible. You people on TV, of course, we already know that. You're a bunch of great robbers exploiting human misery and pedaling a lot of bull crap. But you're irresponsible. Because the doctor is most of the mixed up with the guys like this in Dr. Markin. If you want this, they won't put out the real MS out there. They're good information. And so, you know, people look towards you and they believe what they see on the two. But especially like a prestigious program like CBS Evening News. And you know, you put together a piece and everybody's going, Yeah. And nobody says anything. And then they find some cardi. I mean, there isn't anything in the world. You can't find somebody to say something negative about. You know? And that's what they do. You know, while it's a balanced report. Yeah. So, so who's right and who's wrong? What's the track record? How are all these people doing the doctor reckons is that these hundreds of thousands of people? Did we hear anything about that? No. No. We heard that he said this and he said that. But did we hear any facts? No. Because that would have probably taken a little bit too much effort. They might have had to send out the, you know, what's his name? Bernie, what's his name? Bernie Goldberg. Or one of those other Jewish guys. You ever noticed how many Jews were coming CBS? Five, six, seven, five, six, the, five, six, the, pound five, six, the on the 18, and two, while the sign. Here's West Miami. Hello. Hello, near? Yes, sir. Yeah. This is Mike and what's Miami? Do you get the Sabres any chance and that was one more game? Why not? What do you mean to win one more game? Well, they have to win one away in order to bring it back from the right. Well, what do you mean to bring it back? Well, they have to win one of two games in Dallas. They're going to win a series. That's correct. Why not? Yes. Well, I think because I watched the game last night tonight. Well, let me ask you this. Who won the first game? Was it in Buffalo? And where did they pass that? Add Dallas. So there you go. Even on a crappy ice. Well, what is the injury situation for Dallas? I mean, I'm sorry for Buffalo. For Buffalo? Yes. I kind of missed the injury report. I don't think there is any injury. I don't know anybody on Buffalo that's a, there's held out user horse right. You have Madonna. Madonna. Madonna is not injured anymore. I mean, he made this miraculous recovery even played game three and played great in last light. He's 100%. And Hall is going to be out of the least one more. He looks very slow last night. Home of Donald? Yes. Well, I mean, his slower has nothing to do with your wrist. Yes. With your wrist? Yeah. He has a hand of fractured wrist. Oh, you are right. Yes. Right. Okay. Thank you very much. Okay. You're welcome. There you go. 560, 560 on the 18T wireless lens. Two bars and by the way, Rhett Warren or what a job. 14 block shots going in last day at night scale. How many worry had last night? That kids playing great. Not good enough for Terry Murray, by the way. And you want to know something about Terry Murray? He's an asshole. Yeah. You can take that to the bank. 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Del Rey Beach, hello. Yeah, I am. Yes, sir. I started the acting some Friday. By Sunday, I didn't have enough energy to get up on with that. Oh my god. Really? Yeah. Is that the lack of carbohydrate? Because I like to work out two or three times a week. Yeah. Maybe like sugar withdrawal, you know? Yeah. Yeah. The book says that last, you know, that's level one first week. Well, I never heard of not having enough energy to get out of bed. I never, I did. Well, I did. I didn't mean literally, but I mean to really. You felt weak. Yes. You know, I got a common symptom. Yeah. Can be in the first few days. Right. But I did find the, uh, woke up, cappuccino shake mix. Pretty good. Okay. It could source a protein. Okay. So, uh, I give that a plus. But, uh, well, if you're just in four days, I lost about five pounds. So what's wrong with that? Well, it's not to like. Yeah. I only had about 15 alooze, so I had to go get some carbs in and kind of modify it. I want up to level four. Yeah. Well, I think that's a 20, 30 grams of carbs a day. Well, I think that's good. Yeah. Okay. Well, keep it up. Yeah. Okay. Keep shaking it. Five, six, seven. You know, something smells in here. You know what? No, it's not that. No, seriously. Something smells like, uh, like weed. No, not that kind of weed. Yeah. Like weed. Well, maybe that kind of weed. I don't know what it is. Well, Greg's out of town. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. On the AT&T Wireless line. The four are a goal. They are driving Joe Rose. Come on. Let's go. No thoughts on it. Most of the people listening at this time. Do they listen in the morning? Sure. No. And they also didn't hear about the big brawl between Joe Rose and Blossom's Your program director. In which case Joe was totally out of line. Totally out of line. And I'll be glad to tell him that right to his post to our morning if he wants to. They would take up your arguments with people who can solve them. Not just to browbeat some poor guy, uh, because you want to take your degree five on him. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. A balale. Yes, sir. I haven't talked to you a couple of weeks. I've talked to you over, uh, a couple of weeks ago. You were soliciting, uh, a little stock. I've never talked to the solicitation police if I was soliciting. No, uh, a stock kid. I've backed it over. I was wondering if you got it. I got it. But I, you know, I'm so, uh, we're gunned by now with this market. I don't know. Well, this was, that was the one. Yeah, was we run through to an half bucks this shirt was keeping up to get into. And how much is it now? And well, it's just now, uh, front's released today. It's going worldwide. Uh, it's going to cut downloads feed on the compute computer, uh, uh, uh, by, uh, 70%. Yeah. It's supposed to trip down. Uh-huh. But how much yet, another word that's going public today, you're saying? Sure. Okay. Well, he just, he just vanished. Oh, my God. And the thinnier, you know, and here's a guy that actually needs something. I'm going to like invest my money based on that. I don't think so. You think so? No. No. I still haven't had one call. I mean, what is wrong with these people? Don't you have an opinion about anything? Oh. On a roof Christmas, I mean, Jeff Cohen says, you know, kind of a little slack. Maybe there was no management person out there that night. And if you're in the restaurant business, unless there's a management person on the premises, you can't even count like a, uh, a couple of coffee. Like a diet soda. So maybe that was the problem. It'd be a little bit unfair. You think I'm being unfair? No. I don't. But maybe I, I see I don't like being unfair, right? Because I do love the food there. I mean, why should we go to the bistro? What was it? bistro? Ladoosh. On the, I'm telling you, there is something smells in here. Since Jason walked out. Can you smell it? It smells like. No. I'm not that kind of a smell. I think you'll have some of your good stuff in here. No, seriously, there's something, uh, maybe it is this thing. No, that's got to smell all of a tone. It smells like crap. No, there's something I'm telling you. Smells like something that grows in your backyard. I'm not bad. I'm just, that's what it smells like. It's got that like, uh, oh, long. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Look at that. That was up 170 in the NASDAX of 85. Thanks very much for waiting by the way in Cooper City. 8 minutes and 47 seconds that we kept you off the street to Jackass. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami, hello. Thank you. Okay, thank you so much. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Same fix and dead. Yeah, okay, great. Thanks for the bulletin. Yeah. Abe Lincoln, too. Here's a lady in Kendall, hello. Yeah, hi, now. Yes, man. Yeah, hi. I remember coming out of the road work. Not bad enough. We went the whole three hours without more. I'm not there coming out. Yes, man. Yeah. I'm Carolyn. I've actually sometimes. Yes, Carolyn. I remember the stillman diet, the Air Force diet. Right. Remember that? All of them were based on low carbahydrate. Correct. And back then though, in the 60s and 70s, they're also based on you could drink. Remember the drinking man's diet was the Air Force diet. But anyway, I've been on AT&T for three weeks. And the first two weeks are lost 13 pounds, which I know some of that was waterway. Yeah, it's okay. What difference does it make you still carrying it around? But I've got it kept it off. And then I went for about a week, not losing anything and not lost four pounds. Well, it's all that sounds like a lot of that. Sounds beautiful. And I know some other women that are on the diet that they have lost. So, I want to let you know. Okay, thanks. Keep it up. Okay, bye. See, there you go. I'd like to eat cardiologist said the guy who had the heart attack and the bypass on the business that doesn't come on in a week. See, obviously, I had a condition that was developing a long period of time. And without yet, can you be danger? You're going to go right to the hospital, etc. But anyway, be that as a man, you listen to whoever you want and then do whatever you want. And I'll sit here and keep eating my fish. Food and the croak and early death. 126 at 5.60 WQAM. One of the world's greatest use sources right here in town in Papua, which brand these shoes. Yeah, I saw John penis, I think twice this morning. John penis, given us a new copy at all. No. I thought I'm complaining you understand, because I don't care. If you don't care, I don't care. But it's just interesting to me that some of the stuff goes on and on. And it just gets a little bit ponderous because I wonder, are they still running this special this week and next week and last week? And I really don't know, because we got more. A lot of good times Charlie's around here. They want to come in until all kinds of stories about George and who got laid and who stuck it here and, you know, and that's stuff. But when it comes to like doing like business, are we here to do business? No, okay. Thank you. I feel better now. What's this obsession with hokey? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. When the bomb exploded, every human town, racist door still still so old. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. There's still none wrong! He's been a career in the middle of time! Right? No guy! I'm staying from the red! I'll you leave! It is noasmaningar! Hail toalalidenche! You defeated! Don't shake, you! klee! Oh! Oh! Beining gas! I'm here by the side of the door and the door will go. What a round of chatter down. So I'm asking Maggie to clarify what's that up to. I'm about about 10 kind of chatter. It's 131-560WQM 567560 pound-560 on the AT&T 1st line. By the way, everything we said that wasn't supposed to be good on the year before during the break that did go on the year. We said we're picking that up most of the minutes. So we finally got our big black billed-o back from our close personal friend. Whoever didn't sell it around a building, he had to bring it back. So if you want to buy some great wood leg, come on. Today, probably think I'm making that up. I mean, he said illegal or what? Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Hello? Yes, all there's line 8 again. Okay, thank you. Make it over that line 8 screwed up as if they know we know that our cheap old phone system here. Hey Greg says he's going to get us a new one. No. Here's a lady in the Gables, hello. Leady mobile in the Gables. Hi. Yes, man. How you doing? Okay. I've been on that since like a week and a half and like, Blossom, 2003, it's most. Right. And I've done it before gone off, of course. But my question to you is what in the world do you eat for breakfast? I mean, aren't you sick of eggs and meat? Bacon? That's a cake. Cheese, whatever you can eat whatever you want for breakfast. No, you can't have cereal, you can't. No, of course you can't eat carbohydrates, but I'm saying you can eat the rest of the day. You can eat the breakfast while you have that breakfast food. That's American brainwashing. I know, but it's just like the face and other egg every morning is all I can see. Yeah. You know, like omelets? And what do you do for snacks? You're asking me, I'm not on the adkins. I can't stand it for more than like two days at a time anymore. I'm in Shameless. I'm a sugar addict. I'm a sugar addict. I'm a sugar addict. Absolutely right. I'm a soy addicted to sugar and I'm the proudest one who I'm not proud, but the first one who admitted and I can't get off it. I just can't stock and can't get off. Well, and you never get fruit. I mean, all that's right. Why can't live without fruit? Okay. I get plenty of fruit, but you know. Those are the people that are the best on this diet. But you know, yeah. I mean, it's like, you look at that and you think that's healthy food and then you think that I can't eat it on that can make some crazy. Yeah. But I keep trying it because that's it. Well, I just keep banging away. You just got to do the best you can. Well, I appreciate it. Okay. I'll see you in the banana patch. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the yeah. But that is raw trees, dummy. I know. But I'll see you in the banana patch anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. On the AT&T where I was flying Hank Goldberg's over to the course between 26 and Kaplan is here at 6. I'm going to bet on it. And then we got the Marla game nine three and out again. I don't even know if they want to lost last night. Did they do we know? They lost. Oh, they lost again last night. I said, is there anybody else in that? Oh. Here's Del Rey Beach. Hello. I need your nail. Yes sir. I made it just a moment ago when you got it back. Yeah. George did. It smells like exactly what you're expecting. Okay. I love you to that. I love you. I listen to you every day all day. I won't go to work if you're not on. Good. Anyway, I hate to bring this up. But what does do with you and Goldie? I don't know. I don't know. I'm not kissing. I'm not kissing. I'm not. I'm not one of those people that just picks on people for the sake of it. I tell it the way I see it. You should know that by now. I do. Goldie happens to be a good guy. He's the only one on that morning of that trio and a more. He's not an assucker. It was not just some kind of little trouble maker and Malcolm dead. Goldie happens to be a pretty good guy. He knows that is a shrill voice and sucks panther ass. But nevertheless. Okay. But he's okay. But you guys are friends now. Yeah. I like Goldie. No. Well, because I don't know the misjudgment. Okay. Well, I'm going to ask you. When you meet somebody the first time, you always make the always 100% make the accurate Judgment. No. No. There you go. Hey, listen. Can I call some. I don't know what you're hearing. Topping. But. Go ahead. Bob Buster and Dave at IHH2 fast. Okay. Bob Baxter. Sounds like it. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. I had. I have an anti hair fetter. So you should feel very comfortable now and everything is everything is out of control. We all are going to get along a lot better from here on in and don't think he's asking him in there to take his clothes off. Okay. Because you're the one that's going to get sued Mr. Spick. 560, 560. I'm in. What kind of a thing is that to do to be asking guys to be taking their clothes off in your George. I has shendon all the time. Yeah. Well, I know. But that's another story. And I've heard him. Okay. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. I started a diet. Recently like a high-profile, low-carb diet. And I hear all of you guys like calling and telling about the shakes and products. All that stuff. And I was wondering where they're selling, where I can get the things. We get one. Like all these shakes and products that you're saying that high. Get the shakes. Come to work for our sales department. So you'll have the shakes in two hours or less. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT. See, I'm not going to stuck in the second of that. You know, they want me to start plugging in the lights. And all you said, I'm not going to do that. Who is that? That was Lee Kuller in here this morning. Probably wants to put him on the air or something. I mean, I'm just not in that. And all the make believe ice cream. It's all crap is what it is. And the idea of the act is really and truly. Even though he put some of that stuff in into pacify. People with a sweet tooth like me. Is the idea that you're supposed to be really eating real food. You know, like meats and cheeses and butter. And that's the chicken fish. Real food. Real food for real people. You got it? You got it? No. No. I don't have it. That was up on the 76th and Aztecs up a whopping 87 points. Let's hear it. Thank God. Thanks, the Lord. Get that thing zoom it up there, man. Get it up to about 30,000 by the end of the day. And I won't be here tomorrow. 560, 505. And you know, that whole thing with a stock market like they got a COVID at Tony Tiff and then hung up again with his nose and his elbow. The whole thing is bull crap. Because even having gone from like 6,000 to over 11,000 to 1. And if you look at the overwhelming majority of stocks, they're like, I'm going to crap or they're not going anywhere. Nobody's making money almost. If you have like one of about 20 or 30 stocks and you've bought it like several months ago, maybe a year ago, you're sitting pretty, baby. And if not, you got piles. You only piles. You got our in-year breakdown. Here's the North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Have you had Taco Bell's news floating? I found out a golf post. Put the bell in your basket. I don't believe it. I do. I do. I can't believe it. Uh-huh. Have you said you heard it? No, I have not just now. Good point. So, the first thing in the basket is right. Excellent. Nobody. Thank you. And by the way, how's that book coming? How's that Hannibal book coming? Anybody reading the Saudi and she had? No. No. Five certain. In fact, I was in there at Tony Barnes and Noble on Sunday. The place was packed. There was one person in there. Thank goodness. I don't go. I'm looking for recognition. There was nobody in there who knew me. These people in the Saudi and they be books. They wouldn't have so much time listening to radio and a lot of the boring stuff at time in station. 22 before 2 at 5. 60 WKM. I've got a lot of books under the bag. I've got a lot of books under the bag. I've got a hell of you. You just got hit a bomb. And so good here's the movie. Yeah, I like to eat you and charm. Yeah. And if you're so much, you then like brownies, filled with hair. Yeah. And woody cherries with Jesus and the same. Yeah. So five, five heads. And yeah. Yeah. Harding is great. Yeah. Yeah. Harding is good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think really epic. Really epic.まあ 5 hours. That's not what it is like. Yeah. Try to make a video on LaLaD Chuck play. But reallyintAmerica. Seems like Interest game responding to Apple Maps. Yeah. To get some back in overall, So I feel I've got time back to take home. Most of the big pop Marley on his throne. No fun in heaven this year, so. 145 at 560 WC. By the way, thanks to the Bonghead Boys in Margate for setting me a beautiful post to the Post-Move Stoke and you should, too. Look at that. That's a beauty. The Pope has got a big fat one in his post. And so I was sitting here for the last 20 minutes, wondering, What is that smell? What is that aroma? And I look at my pocket and realize I have this big fat one. This Cuban bullet that the next set over here. And I'm going to tell you. Here's something special in there. When you hold up this cigar and out of the little plants to grab for all a couple of seeds right off the bat, you know there's something special in there. Right. Start sifting baby. So we're going to the next and ask for the Cuban bullet and you'll either get some great cigars or something else. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. So the verdict today is that manage. Yeah! We're going to be starting mornings on Monday morning, managed beful and maybe manage can kick beful in the shape. And of course my close personal friend, guilty. That's the verdict we got this morning. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, Diel. Yes sir. How are you? Great. Question. I just started a guide for Tuesday called Sugarbusters. Yeah. I read the book. I've read every Diet book that's ever been written. What's the difference between that one and the act? Because they seem pretty similar. Yeah, it's just now the Ankins rip off. Just like the protein power with the eeds and all these other infomercials. So I'm going to drop your book. There's no big benefit to the sugars or the post of the act. I don't remember. In other words, I read it whenever I came out several months ago. And there was something in there that told me to forget it. It didn't make any sense. Well, a buddy of mine, he tried it. And he said, this is just an easier version of it. Yeah. That's not a good idea. In other words, maybe it allows you a few more carbs. I don't remember. Yeah. Yeah. When you read 500 Diet books a year, they all start sounding the same. It basically says, all we're finding white sugar products. Right. As opposed to all carbohydrates. So I don't mean that. It doesn't eliminate all carbohydrates, right? Just most. I mean, you can have a little bit of salad. You can have a little bit of this and a little bit of that. But it'll like less than 20 grams a day in the beginning. Which is a little. All right. Thank you. Good luck, pal. We'll all need it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You got a perfect thatkins. They go in so far, man. What's wrong with that? It's almost two o'clock already. And when I stop and get that king sized knickers bar, they can eat you in so run away home. That might screw it up a little bit. Huh? That'll time you over till I get to the mobile station in the corner of Flemengo. They're in Broward Boulevard and get my first stick. And then, no, I'm not going to do that today. I'm going to have a perfect next two weeks. I'm going to do perfect thatkins. Am I? No. I'm going to think about it. I'm talking a good game. Sounds great. Taste like crap, but it sounds great. See anybody tells you the acens died or any other die. Oh, it's a piece of cake. Now, there is no piece of cake. That's a problem. I mean, yeah, you can, if you put your mind to it, you can do it. But it's not your not a happy camper. You're not really happy. Especially if you're a real sugarwetic and you admit it. Which most of you don't. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. A nail. Yes, I am. Can you play or you come to the F.A.G.? No. 560, 560, 560 on the ATT and to wireless line. There's a guy that had a lot to say. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. The oil. How are you? Okay. I saw one of your trucks driving via Fort Largneau. One of our trucks? Yes, but I get to know the weird. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Okay. And have a great day. That is a lot of that. Okay. Call us back if it was a real call, but I think it was like some jackass. One of our trucks driving by and bokeh. One of our big advertising trucks. Do we have any trucks? No. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the ATT and to the ATT. What do we say about a guy like that? He's an asshole. Yeah. We just took a vote man. You win. Here's a mobile and derail. Hello. Yes, sir. Me or how are you doing? Right. Right after the pandemic and social. Yeah. Nice Friday. And I have to question. First of all, how can you kind of have any caffeine? Because it screws up your metabolism. Number two. Shelf. Yeah. And number two. I just thought it because it screws up your metabolism. It's not as bad as it is. I mean, I didn't invent it. Okay. Don't blame me for mother nature. Okay. It's always up your goddamn metabolism. And you can't have any freaking caffeine. Okay. I didn't make it up. That's what the doctor says. Take it on his old ass. Number two. When you like cheese, like, you know, after like a couple months. Yeah. Oh, you can come in. Can you like a, like a, like a, like a bed and chair is new to the foot. How long does it take for you to like to not gain any weight from now? You know, something that it screws you up for like a week or ten days. I mean, we can tell you. Yeah. I mean, you know, you'll be a little bit more you might gain a pound or two. And then you'll be, and then you have to start like all over again. And it depends on how long you've done it. If you're around and you lose 20 or 30 pounds. And then you want to take a few days off and do something like that. Be my guest. Have a great time. And you're eight. Thank you. I love you. And save some for me. All right. Five, six, seven, five, six, you know, I think it's good that Ben and Jerry is actually come up with a couple of new really crappy flavors that the, oh, God, the one with a cow's in it to the guy was touting last week. That is garbage. That is the worst. I mean, I'm surprised Ben and Jerry put their name on that thing. It's called Volvenity Divinity. And it is absolutely cute. And do you see, it is the worst. It doesn't even like Ben and Jerry's. It's watery. And it's tasteless. And it's bland. And they should take their name off the label immediately. It's not sooner. And then there's another new one that I got at public CS today. It's called Chocolate Something Frozen Yogurt. I'm a chocolate cherry. I see a frozen yogurt. That's excellent. That is sensational. But this was some other kind of crap. Frozen yogurt. Any would. In fact, if you look into bowls, that's exactly what it looked and tasted like. It's 150. Well, see, that's not appetizing, but it's a good way to turn your off on that stuff. Okay, every time you look at it, just think that came straight from there. And you won't get anywhere near it. Unless, 24 to unless you knew Peter Clayton. 24 to a 560 WQM Cup.