4th Radio 5, 16, WCAM by Ami Fort Waterdale presents the Neil Rodgers' – What is this? – It's great. – I'm sure all my 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 7, 7, 0, 3 for David Broward or Sloan Biles. – What is your self-hostly opinion of Neil his guest callers? – Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WCAM. – Bees leave that position or the Bees we broadcast through. – No, Neil Rodgers, a sports radio 5, 62, 8, and I'm dying on the hand. – You have a newbie, though. – Yes. – You have a newbie, though. – Okay. – Go back to hell and you'll be, though. – Go back to jail. – We need to go to the next one, I'll put you down for a few. – Can't come off the hand, you're firing at me, asshole. – What you've made me do, why? – I'm your wife. – I'm your wife. – I'm your wife, and I'm your wife, and I'm your wife. – But then I got away with this. – You're back, you're the last one. – You're the last one. – You're the last one. – You're the last one. – I'm back to the back, you're the bottom. – You're the last one. – Okay, I want to make sure it all got on in this time. – Well, most of it. – Two and a half past ten and five, 16 WQM man, ratings are out the new trend. The February March and April is on every month. It just never stops. Something we have to live with. – And boy. – And the interesting thing to me is, I guess, so we're the only ones in the building that know other than the management types that ratings actually came out yesterday. – Not much if they would have been good. Everybody would be running around because they would have the information. But because they were really, I mean, man, oh my God. They were, it would like a base stop. – Yeah, that's a good way to put it. And so as a result, it's a big secret. Of course, you can't keep this secret for me because I've been doing these ratings for about a hundred years and everybody expects me to talk about them. But I'm in a hallway this morning about a quarter to two, about 20 to 10. Or whatever it was. And there I'm one of their nine in the commercial breaks, wandering around on the hall. And I said to Goli and Joe, I said, you know, boy, these ratings really stuck this time. And this, oh, there's a rating came out. That said, yeah, they were terrible. We all took a precipitous drop. You know what? Nobody cares. And they said, that's right. But of course, the big question going around the building now is, does Duff have to give the $200 back for the employee of the month? I think that's been rescinded. And guess what else he's got to get back? That desk. You know, seriously, if you ever walked by that little room that he sits in there right next door to us, and even with the desk in there now, he looks small. You know, I mean, for a guy who's like, one step out of the general manager who's supposed to be to program director this radio station, he's a PG. He just, he just, he just looks small sitting here. It's a small room with a small desk. And he looks like insignificant. You know what I'm saying? It's not good. He ought to be sitting in the one over the cross the hall there that same temporarily for next 20 years of sitting in, because Santa course is one of the chosen people. And he does look Jewish too, by the way, doesn't he? Well, he does, he definitely looks more Jewish than he looks back in his way. All we have enough problems of our own, because we got, you know, we got Todd Dreck to deal with. And his other buddies, who was spent 15 minutes in here this morning, you know what he said? Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob and I still haven't. It's worth nating in my ears. You can say something that Todd Dreck and our sales department like, you know, Todd this piece of copy is like not tight very clear that I can't read the thing it's a bad copy. and he'll do a 15 minute monologue. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know, it's better just saying, okay, I'll have somebody be type it, which would be fine or not as the case may be, because we don't care, you know, we don't care a crap. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know, like he's gonna impress me with his verbosity. Am I impressed? No, no. Am I impressed with these numbers? Yeah, in fact, I think I knew that they were gonna be bad because there was no message on my answering machine when I got home from Mom's from lunch yesterday. And the ratings came out of 230 yesterday afternoon. So I knew that because there was no message that probably the station took a big dump in the month of April. And this happens to us every year. I've told you this for years, the winter book, January, February, and the fall book. October, November, December, January, February, March, we do great. Every year, every single goddamn year, we do great in the fall and the winter, every year for last six, and with years. And as soon as those holidays come, then I'm always telling you about, oh, look at that, we forgot to redo the phone system. See, here, this is perfect. I was gonna take that call, cool, and I apologize to you. We actually had a call already, but now we have to go through. Yeah, here we go. We have to redo the phone and build it. Here we go, come on. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what, one more, come on. Thank you, at least I moved the switch so I don't have to crawl into the board now. WQA, I'm just working now, hello. Yeah, this meal? Yes, sir. This ain't meal. Yes, it is. Are you in a barrel or something? Yeah, I can barrel in the area. I'm in a tunnel. Like I said, I got my shovel for it. Well, don't I tell you, when is a lot of it? Then you gotta get your shovel out. Excellent job, sir. Beautiful. So what's up was I talking about before we took our first call? Talk about it. Because, huh? Don't start. Don't start pushing, okay? I don't want to even think about him. WQA, I'm stationed at you. Stand those great ratings until the month of April till everybody disappeared. WQA, I'm George. Yes. I hope sound calling. What is it? Hope sound calling. Hope sound? Yes, sir. Where's that? That's up the, that's up the bug, Jupiter. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, sir. Okay, what a bad day. One year, bad day. Go ahead. Got laid off. You got laid, there's a, and then off. And then, and then the, the water is contaminated. And they got a boil the water around here. And in. And there's a rapid fox. There's a rapid fox in the neighborhood. So we got to keep all our pets inside. And I got this stupid dog that likes sunny off the, in the neighborhood. And he's rabbit. Probably just said one, too many. You know, you're almost hilarious. Muck, muck. Okay, thanks. Bye, too. Okay, so there we go. They're in a good mood that they thank God, because the rating's sunk on this station for the month of April, where we had a disaster. And I'd like to say, I think it's great. Because number one, we don't care. And number two, it's going to get some of these people maybe off their ass around here. There's nothing worse than complacency. I've always said that. And the great reads of the world, they can walk around and they, they can walk around and they're like, look at this, we're great. You're not great. I'm driving home yesterday. I get in my car and we're, hey, again, where is the, huh? Hopper, huh? We're in hell, is he? Hey, stupid. I don't want to hear a bunch of 10 year old kids on a year. And then it's top of it all off. George is in the middle of that thing. What the hell were you doing in there? I wouldn't have taken a fan in. Yeah, the fan in the home. Because the AC was out in those studios also. Yeah. So I just slept the fan in there and they suck me in. You had sucked in at the fan, huh? Yeah. And there was Cory in there. By the way, I didn't get invited to Cory's party. That's the right. Why did you sit in the tub? I'm JP didn't show up. Were you invited? He wasn't invited either. Well, you know, he wasn't there and I wasn't there. You know what that tells you right there? Exactly. Yeah, we had other things to do. Like, lose my asset to track. No, seriously, I wasn't invited to the party. How was it? My good post friend Cory Sabin. That's always told me a song that I answered about how much he loves me and so on. Didn't invite me to his go in a way party. A good time was head by all. Where was it? A chanenagans. Oh, that sounds great. I'm out of head at better time than losing 90 bucks at the track, you know what? But I wasn't invited. And somebody who's sitting in there right now, meaning you didn't tell me about it. You never go to parties. How do you know that? You've never gone to a station party. They had to bribe you with season tickets. Yeah. Go to one. You've never gone to party. I went to party party party. Right. That's what I'm talking about. I don't go to any more of them. Thanks Bob Green for curing me. I've gone to those stupid station events. Nothing like having a station where 90% of the people are Jews going to a place where a plan they're having a clan rally, which is great. Oh, here's your castellos in here. It's good. Huh? No, seriously. Did you know that the only way you can tell identical twins apart is to check out their penis. We heard that right at the end of the show yesterday. No, seriously. Because they don't. They're identical in every respect except the penis. That's the one guy. Remember that guy at the end of the show yesterday who said that his roommate was a plural? He's got two of them and they are identical twins and they like to do the sandwich number and some of the broad. And I think they would lay every down then they slip around there. They just keep going. Is the way it works. Now maybe he was talking about these guys from the one is from UofM. Did you ever do any research on this? Since you're in the sports department, did you do any research on Jeff? Jeff was in the sports department. He's not. Auto racing isn't sports. Oh, that's the point. You're right. You're right. It's not sports. Jeff Poppaw, which did you any research on that and find out who he is and where he can be found. And by the way, ever, Crabian pictures got a stir in a day land. We found out right. So anybody wants to be there? Apparently also knew what in the heaven trimmel. And then he happens to amol. All right. Do you want to have to wait until you call up some stupid number, go right in there to the mall and get your own thing and a catalog too, okay? Because I know that everybody in this audience, we never had a response like that in a hundred years. Like we did yesterday for the ever Crabian Fitzcatalog. Not that we have a lot of people who are one of by clothing out there. They just all horned. You want to see a lot of naked pictures and believe me in this catalog or something for everybody in everything that moves. I'm really pissed. I wasn't invited to chorus party last night. I mean, it would be the same. Is he a done? Is he finished or is he a what today is his last day? Oh my god. Sure better get it going away, kids. I'll tell you that. I can't believe that I'm a dead ringer for the guy I met on Terry's bringer. Will you or a creep? The fingers up. Make the you mom had to work three yards. You let them. When I was three, you may have laid mom, but you really spoof me. They're braiding. He was my hero. He was my dad and I'm the fear of. I used to get that. But now I'm the man. I'm never getting into my bed. I got a bite. Well now I'm in. Sleep with mom and we never see him again. That grip is in time. It's the end of the year. You brought us a fluency and a six-back little beer. They're going to call us. I miss my prom. My father, take your words, my mom. I'll go. My life's a wreck. Because the only time he had, he's out to check. I used to get that. But now I'm the man. And never get into my bed. Be dead. I'm never getting into my bed. I'm never getting into my bed. Okay, 21560, WQM, we got Jim Mad Dog, man. It's a clock this afternoon for the hump. Is he ever going to be on the air again or what, Hank? No. He's just a few minutes here, a few minutes here. And then we got the Cory and the guy's playing grandmas. That's going to be bad, by the way. The fact that Cory is leaving. Because I told you that when Hank had the big numbers in the winter book, the research showed that when Cory was on air, when Hank was like, we couldn't get the line going or Hank was out eating two or three extra meals. Or whatever was going on. That's where the big numbers were in the afternoon. And other Cory is leaving. Who's going to fill the breach in there, by the way? Does he? Do we have a replacement for him yet? We don't. Well, why should we worry about that? The show there is. The day is his last day. And I mean, you know, we only need somebody tomorrow. So why should we worry about that right now? Already. We all must say it. It was my plan. That's far ahead, right? I saw a great bumper sticker on the way to the track last night. Maybe the greatest bumper sticker ever saw in my life. There was a lady driving this car. And I saw a sweet heart. I'm sure she's not listening. Because nobody else is listening to anyone. But the bumper sticker said, life is short. Don't be a dick. I thought that was the greatest bumper sticker ever saw in my life. Beautiful. Right on target. I was in along with my philosophy. Okay. Here's the front page of the Sun Sentinel this morning. God, please save us. That's what they were screaming on the plane. And he didn't do a too bad of a job. I mean, nine of them died. But you know, I don't 145, nine's not too bad. Well, he's not perfect. Oh. How about. He was perfect. Two till he's ratings came out. So anyway, the big story in a ratings. I'm going to die. Just he's we're going to fight out today. What's wrong with WQAM? Besides the fact we get no promotion. We got to want you to dump those running this place. And that we have to reboot the phone system every morning. And the air was on all day yesterday. Nothing around here worse. And the fact that they're talking a lot about a lot of boring stuff. Most of the day. And we tried that. Besides those obvious things, what's wrong with QAM that we went into Krapher? Even though this does happen to me every year. What was that? Oh, I just told those beating. I wanted to get it on here. Okay. Well, it could be like yesterday. We could have that door open and have all the else else people come up and put your address on the agenda. We wanted to make sure that you understood that it's a good deal. We believe you. Okay. We believe you. We saw the picture. I talked to you already. She said you're great. And we believe you. Stop trying so hard to convince me. He's trying to convince himself. What's that? Yeah, we believe it. So anyway, what was I saying? The AC didn't work and we have to reboot the phone system. Seriously, we're taking a survey today. The management says we want to find out what tells wrong and why you're not listening to the whole station. I mean, this in tech. Of course, like I said before to me, every, this is no surprise because every April of the same thing happens. I'm all my listeners are snowboards. Here is some of them coming October. Some of them come like once you twice a year. You know, like scored score. Yeah, like that. And once those holidays come when it's pace off at Easter, they're gone. I told you that. I tell you that this year, I told you that every year for the past 500 years. The spring and the summer we. Croke, we just die. Die. Now, if you want to know the positive stories in this latest trend that came out, even though it's just a one-month-day trend, Howard went through the roof. I must have been those tasteful comments you made about the kids dying and little fin or something. All the one did that happen. Was that in May? Or was that in April? No, it was April. It was like April 22nd. Wasn't it? Yeah. That must have been what put them over the top when he had that called in there to the Denver station. Because he went through the roof. I mean, he always does very well in this market. But he went, I mean, just gigantic. So everybody in there, probably listening to Howard in the morning, midday the story is we took a precipitous drop, just like the rest of this station. And the large ass inducted lower, attend the three on INZ. Even though Rick and Suds kind of seemed like they bought him down. And he afternoon, oh boy, she's found her niche. That is the vacant found her niche. She's stuck there with a 1.3 year 2554. And she's consistent. She's locked right in on those things and people, okay? And they refused to leave. But they had quite an impressive move up there in persons at 12 plus at least. Not so much 2554. Maybe some old parts, you know. Right wingers. Good, right wing Republicans who were listening to the Lard ass, I bet, is what it was. In the month of April. Maybe people are getting like all psychotic and whipped up to a frenzy. Maybe this is their big response. Does anybody want to buy any spots on that station? No. And you on a Marlin? No. But nevertheless. So that's the big story is Howard and Lard ass. And the other big story was why 100. Now why what reason in during the month of April, especially with the kids still in school? And interestingly enough, 25 to 54. That asshole footy over there, you know? What's need to one that said about my cheap cigar spots or whatever he was talking about. Talking through his ass not having any idea what he was talking about. And only wishes that he made what I was making. Nice going footy. Your small potatoes, okay sweetheart. Even on your big 100,000 watt FM station with your much improved numbers. You're still small potatoes. I mean, every demographic out of the sun, why 100? What? Yeah, they had that big increase. Where the hell is it? 2554. See, I don't know. Look at this. Mid day. We went from a 7.4 to a 6.3. What is that? Or no, we only wish. We went from a 6.1 to a 4.8. That's a life that had those numbers. So we had a precipitous drop and every demographic. The mornings it took a big dump. We took a big dump. Hank took a dump. But why 100 went from a 4.0 to a 5.2? This is persons 25 to 54. Do you know anybody 25 to 54? No. No. Ever under any circumstances? No. No. I don't know anyone that listens to 100. No. If we don't know any teenie boppers, okay? No, I don't love teenie boppers. They listen to power. And they listen to power. Well, how the hell did power do? Oh, well, powers number one. Oh, look at that. Thank God. Many teen plus even powers. Number one. 18 plus. 18 plus. That's overall power 96 is number one. That's shocking. But how did they do? 2554. I could dissect all of these damn things, okay? And of course, I know that they don't really mean that much from one month or the other. And I've been talking to that for 100 years. But it's fun to deal with to deal with these. And especially to aggravate the people inside the building here because, you know, when you sit back and on your haunches and your complacent like they are around here and you think everyone's going great. You need a good slap in a face like this in a good awakening. You need a bunch of people to say, hey, guess what? You guys suck. That's right. And I think some people might say that. They have a point. Maybe we do suck. Okay. Maybe we got some very serious problems here. But we got a general manager that's running around spreading disease all over the building. Maybe we got a program director that's sitting there with a little make believe desk. Maybe we got guys on here talking about ball games. And nobody gives a flying crap about like that stuff about the, hey, I hate to break the news with that guy that call with his or your fans man get a life. Okay. About the late night scores. You can go all over North America and every newspaper except for USA today that goes to bed about three o'clock in the morning when those nice color pictures finally dry. But except for that guy then newspaper, every other paper on a West Coast, the end it'll say incomplete late night whatever it says on there doesn't have the score. Oh, but this guy, he's so worried about his oryles playing out there with Seattle. Maybe maybe he calls like that or was putting us in a crapper you think that might be it. I think that's got a lot to do with it. Apparently why 100 was giving away money. Oh, why 100 was buying the freaking audience. How do you like that? Even people 25 to 54 will take free money, right? Yeah. Watch of it. How much? Oh, seriously. Even people 25 to 54 over the age of a thousand will take all three money you got. You know what I'm saying? There you go. Ha ha ha ha ha. Hey, listen easy. Come easy. Go. You know what I'm talking about? Just open up my wallet in fifty thousand dollars. Just throw out there. Easy. What is it? He's desperate. Don't get me started. Okay. Don't stare. I'm in such a good mood today because we had a crappy rating. I was hoping we'd have a crappy rating because this place deserves it. They don't deserve the great ratings that we've been getting especially when a guy then program direct to it. There's nothing but make the schedules out and run in and out of here to see if the schedules are right. He gets the employee of the month after we have the biggest rating booking in history of this. So this station deserves to go right in the old crap house is what they deserve. Nice goal and Greg and like Greg says yes, he does want to do a $1 back from the he wants it back right now and the desk. 567. We're asking our musical question today. Why have you all stopped listening to WQA? What's wrong with this radio station? We're I'm yeah. We got big shoulders. I'll sit here and listen for four hours three and a half whatever we got left. Got the Marlin team. Anybody want to buy some spot? No. 26 past 10 at 560 WQA. Gordon gives staff Florida a major blowjob. I don't have to grow up. I'm a gunner up kid. So I can always kill myself or something bad. I get it's gonna be cool when I kill everyone. It's cool. Fuck my dad's there. It's okay. I'll exercise my right back by the NRA. That lets me be a gunsner up kid. He's a gunsner up kid. I call them how to shoot. Well, he really loves the sound of what? No way. That kind of cute. I'm a harmless child. Not the red neck with the size on the internet. I'm a lifetimes member of the NRA. That's why I've got a gunner up kid. Here's some. Oh boy. I'm glad that you're a gunner. I'm a gunner. That's 3560 WQA. And we got managed. Two hours starting to say we got Donald Brennan at 630 talking baseball. Which is tremendous burning interest in this town. And then we got the Marlins and Cardinals again. You have the Cardinals again. God damn it. 630 pregame game at 7.05. That's a schedule. Yeah. The audience I think is letting us down. I mean, you look at this and you see why 100 is buying off the audience. And that to me is not loyalty. The idea that you will be bought in addition to which how many of you. How many people listening to me right now have ever won any money for listening to why 100. Although if it's good enough for power 96 to buy the audience would say do the same God damn thing. How much did they give away every week? With all the P.O. The guy around with all the underpaid people. What? $1,000 a day when they do it. For however many days. Like 10 days. I got news for a thousand of the day isn't up to get me listen to that crap. No way. No chance. 560, 50560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Great. All right. I was reading an article in the new time to see the day. Yeah. And I had a question. I wanted to know if you know another one. You know another one. You use the homocalls. Is that what this is all about? No. It's a question about it. About what? All right. I was reading and it's talking about the new credits for, you know, the gay man or something. No, there's not a new fetish for the gay man. But go ahead, sir. No, it's because. Oh, you shouldn't say that. Well, it's talking about how like, you know, they see people now in like, parties in junk, how they have a new fetish for being 8050. Hmm. I want to know if this was true. Well, I'll tell you one. Why not ask you a mama to find out. 560, 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Why is it that these people are so concerned with what everybody else is doing. Are we on a stack? We side the fact that they're not getting any and they have no life. Not everybody. It's amazing. All the times that there's been anything in new times. Do we ever get anybody say this? Other than the best of issue that ever read anything in new times? No. He wants in the 23 years I've been on a year. But not a vision article about all these wildest screaming queens out there doing their bear-backing and the fist. The. You know, as if that's something new by the way. And this guy probably had like a can of Chris goes, shouldn't write me sign out of no doubt as he went and doubted try it out. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, man. Meal. Yes, I am. You got. I'm really mad because George didn't tell you about the party and Corey didn't invite you. Yes. You know, I'm from another country. I'm from another country. I'm from another country. Oh, yeah. Like are we that calendar right? It's in front of you. Go ahead. I'm sorry. George is in. What just happened? What just happened to her that you got cut off. But you know, you're not going to show any. The guy that was giggling in the background. We're in a typical. Oh, five six seven. Oh, five. Six. Five six think pound five sixty on a mobile. And I were waiting for you to critique. I mean, how often would we give you this opportunity? Not that I care of course. But here's the chance for you to critique WQM and tell us why you've turned it off. Even if you're not listening right now. We still want you to participate five six seven. too much of that anti-God stuff by the way anybody shoot uh... get shot for Christ overnight take a bullet for Christ see if impossible for me not to get started on that again because in my life time i've never heard anything so unacceptable so unbelievable and it's audience like uh... not only did they find it palatable but they agree with it it's a good point she took a freaking bullet for Christ anybody in the audience want to take a bullet for the virgin Mary come on crazy people were talking about you have no respect for human life that's why you want to write these kids are running around shooting each other who's bringing them up crazy people like you who have no respect for human life who are back into this barbaric human sacrifice craft oh yeah she took a bullet for Christ like Jesus wanted to take a bullet in the god damn brain or in the toast or wherever she took it are you people on your mind or what uh crazy people she i don't have a degree i probably should have to have a degree to do this show because i thought i am like a therapist in this time i talked to crazy people for hours a day people asked me what i do for living i tell them i say i talked to crazy people for hours today every day of my life and that's the effin truth baby she took a bullet for Christ oh yeah that's a good point she was very courageous and uh and at last guy and not a child not some punk out there remember the yesterday the last guy and adult over the I am a bit older than mithuusler and i said oh so in other words Christ wanted to take a bullet the sacrifice wants to blood sacrifice well i don't know about that he doesn't know about it he's got to think about it he's got to ask his shrink in his priest about it and by the way when you go see your priest make sure you stay off your knees okay so maybe to pray here's a mobile in pombie chillin hey Neil yes sir the new time sucked yeah so there's your so did your program director that's why you're going down okay well that's your about it what's the problem sir our problem after sucks is that two to six hour i think it's pulling you down and people get so turned off between two and six it's hard to turn back on in the morning you think the hopper is turning people off sir that was funny huh yeah what's the call the guy the hammer the hopper yeah is he turning off they should put him on a sp and two for for good and nobody never seen but what's your complaint with his show well he's too narrow it's too free to narrow mind it like about one i thought he's broad minded if he asked me well back white broad minded the only thing this narrow on it is not a snorkeling of the market that hank has been doing more power to him he's got her big bucks he can spread it around we don't call i want to ask you quick question i think you should then answer then you talk about all the time that's right i just got a thing on the internet i i subscribe to these weekend travel things and you as there had a special this weekend $369 how many more a lot of drugs back when they when i come back from Amsterdam by the way just out of mention it is a work going over for days for four days oh yeah four days is perfect you have the time of your life okay well i i i take your work for i don't take my work for a go go and trust me and walk out there and look around and you'll say oh my god this is what life is really all about i'm telling you you got a good show i can't believe it be you pull and down the right oh we're in the toilet man we took a drop here a dive you would even regalusiness never took a dive like this when you're when you say we're in between the other two yeah first i think you got a good point i think it's that crappy morning show and that fact guy in the afternoon i think they're the problem well the morning show is not too bad i mean that afternoon it's really guilty is my mentor don't you understand that he's my savior jelly is the one that taught me not to care about crap not to care about this place i don't care day and have a good time and i'm stood on and take protection five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line always use protection all you kids out there that's a good piece of advice because you never know who she might be hanging around with in your spare time five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's a mobile and tamarack hello sorry from chronic but i got a good why one go right ahead we want to hear we want to hear it all today my daughter's twenty years old they announced that they're giving away tickets to the chili peppers from memorial doors once on the night the way door once your daughter's number just to go ahead just twenty she's cute yeah um well proud parrot um no no wait a minute you want me to say on the air that you also want her number because uh if your girlfriend is listening right now i don't want to mention who i'm talking to in the other room which everybody knows go ahead sir i'm sorry yeah you don't know i'll guarantee you away distracting people yeah they did they know that the idea she they make note this claim a free ticket to be the tenth koala my daughter's a starry soul she's got her cell phone the home on yaw she makes the call you're the winner and they ask her how old she is yeah 20 years old you'll be twenty one november right i'll say they get back to her then they announced the next time uh the still no winner and you must be over twenty one what do you mean oh you must be over twenty one right originally they were insane that my daughter is finding out a lesson the life attorney is you to get ripped off and yes you know i said so you don't look at her scam operation to me if i ever heard one over there a while on a hundred so now they said she didn't go wasn't one in the game they're gonna give her free tickets for a tour movie theater it's been about a week now she's still waiting for the return phone call i told them i told them i told it's good at station anymore there's a good lesson i'll good lessons for all you people out there don't listen a while on hundred else scam you all right one last thing let's have to have to mention this to you a few weeks ago i have facts to you that article those are the local paper about the glory holes in margay yes and i wrote you know i run into people who pick on you'll show especially you that you're obscene you're this you that i asked my twenty year old daughter my i shouldn't say how all my wife is but the bottom line is the two of them is so naive and that's this is for all parents out there i my father used to let me go to the bathroom in the 50s all right i'm ten years old in 1960 your father let you go to the bathroom and you were in your 50s no it's in the 50s yeah i'm gonna have not even was there were perverts back then you know what a glory hole was right because it wasn't allowed to be talked about right now here i am i'm gonna be a mental public service that's right exactly nine of boyfriend's twenty three he's not sure what a glory hole is and i this is for all parents when you let your little kids go to the bathroom go in there with them right and if you hear that's not a pneumatic drill between the stalls run out and call a cop to right away you did a pubic service and i want to thank and god bless you sir take care and while in hundred blows how do you like that by one hundred sucks let's all say it together why one hundred sucks but your lion fasters okay change the rules in the middle of the game all while you have to be 81 the winners contest but thanks for listening to why one hundred god oh mighty i want to start it on that captain why guy you know what i'm talking about because he gets uh why psychotic about it oh and we've been asking for years that why would anybody in the right mind listen that piece of crap station anyway you don't listen to that crap do you know thank god jp would never listen to that he's busy anyway five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line twenty before eleven a q a m we're gonna get to the bottom of this problem okay we got a problem here it's about time Greg rate gets off his big pimpley ass and starts waking up and sniffing the coffee around here he's living on baro time this guy he fell into a bucket of crap and he thinks that because he's coated with it from head to toe then it's gonna last forever wrong you got real major problems here buddy and we're gonna find out today exactly what they are and what do we find out so far we had 72 people said a thanks ball well he's not on the day so we can't respond where you've budged back and free drugs not a head free drugs two old two hard on take it's two old two and part of take it but the longest to the highest to the small two of my fellow Americans I stand before you tonight part of growing part of expanding part of rising I reach out my tool to all of you a rock solid part of hard on free drugs not a head free drugs to to part of take it and ask that we join together and stand in the American people take it okay here's uh wow look at this oh a bunch of bizarre factors here's one actually makes a little bit of sense from Jim and Sunrise who says WQA and slow ratings can be summarized as follows a the morning show host and colors both of them get a life fish take only dolphins football year round and worship any pedophile or a drug dealer as long as he can help the dolphins there he goes exactly who those people say those portals okay be hand comes across as an insecure know it all who will rudely cut you off it and saw to you if you dare to disagree with them you know what I'm saying hey stop it see capital unless you are dropout from gamblers anonymous who cares and D. Marlon does anybody care oh wow it says you and manager the only two or not only tell them like it is but who uh treat colors with courtesy always treat my colors courtesy don't I do I treat no I treat them like they deserve to be treated you know like a bunch of lemons I still listen to you but give my sports news from WQA O.D. what does that tell you says Jim and Sunrise wow that tells me we got a serious problem here on your sports station that by the way doesn't have the balls to stop saying all sports radio because we're not all sports radio do I take that personally oh why care oh I give a flying crap no or it's not because I've learned thanks to guilty that the who give the crap we get paid one way the other regardless so who cares but I scroll and Jim and Sunrise I think you got a few excellent points here's a mobile and point and be chillo yeah sir um just plenty of ratings for problems yeah the problem is is I'm 23 years old I listen to you every day I'm a year longer isn't and I drive every day you make my day goodbye I bless you sir thank God for you if we only had 10 million guys like you out there we'd be in good shape but another thing um the sports home in the morning and as soon as I tune in when you come on and I tune out the minute you go off I can't listen to that annoying grading guilty I don't know who he blew to get his job yeah there's voice rock I could tell you but that would be bad taste but Neil God bless you sir for setting us all straight and have a good one okay thank you sir how do you like that there's a guy a lawyer listening around his show course you'd expect that the people are going to call his show I bet you there's a lot of people who aren't listening right now going to call anyway they do every other day or at least it sounds like they're not listening she took a bullet for Christ don't forget it okay just keep that in mind every moment of your life just like the people on the front page in the sunsetless morning on the plane it was it was there were panic craziness planes people were screaming people were flaming God please save us they said did you save them off no they did not too bad of a job at least he's making a little bit of progress this time only nine people died not bad God not bad first starter is okay you screwed up a little bit this time but at least we didn't have 145 bodies to scrape up nice go and God just like there was only 15 dead people out there in little Colorado and two of them were the shooters in the first place so that's only 13 which is a very unlucky number for them but nevertheless oh these people you know what do we have 200 calls yesterday well what would you say if they did you believe in God well what the hell differences make is that what's going to be going through your mind is like you know like it's a multiple choice some of you got a guy dead gun to your head oh yeah well let me see let me analyze this and see what answer they're looking for you know what would be the property of property to answer to make sure they don't blow my brains up here's a highly hello yes sir listen I will pay to listen for to the my dog everyday from 26 yeah I can't stand a Hank man really oh my god or so far Hank seems to be the sugar in the wood pile here and the golden number he's out of town and he can't hear the shoulder base so let's go ahead and record it for him and send him a tape and we ain't golden the morning I can't send him you yeah okay you you got okay thank you sir God bless you there you're all see they love me but they're not too happy with that fatso in the afternoon is what to deal is okay maybe if he come on here once in a while the two o'clock instead of being too important for us I thought he worked here with this station does he work here oh whatever he feels like it and now the courier's gonna be gone who's gonna fill the breach in there every afternoon to a clock who's gonna fill all that dead air that we have every day I mean I don't want to let the cat on the bag about how we have our own personal office pool and it's a show on our staff which is me and George the two of us every day to a clock all over our several other people of the coming lately in the bottom participate yeah we take up a little office pool throw it about a hundred bucks a pop and you know the odds are how many seconds is it gonna be how many seconds of that air before finally we hear that voice if you know yeah yeah there you go oh that music just goes they're like yesterday I get in the car and I'm listening in the music went on forever it's just never stopped was the yesterday or the day before it was those two day it played a whole song and all of a sudden Corey comes on all over the last the ISD and again for a change and Hank is over there like eaten four or five extra meals and trying to get the phone back up again up in New York somewhere man it's a miracle that we can get anybody to listen to this crap you know if that's what I would say 56070560 yeah we listen we gotta get them on their toes like I said they're complacent they're getting fat and lazy there's nothing more says ask me I'll tell you I know about it about both of them fat and lazy I'm the expert on both fat and lazy like they said yes they need to get off my ass and start working about you know I'm talking about you just start like really moving it so anyway that you hear about the identical twins and how you tell the difference here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir hey good morning I don't want to rip Hank I like Hank but the colors don't be nambi panbee okay you okay okay okay okay if you want to rip him a fat ass you go right ahead I don't want to look for a junior mouth I'll go ahead I like Hank I like his model log as soon as the colors start saying what's the over in the other and what do you do gamblers those chronic gamblers that have turned the audience off on his station over to music right and I wish him that one if we listen to Rick and Suts in the morning right god bless them and if I don't feel like listen Rick and Suts I'll pull up Bob and Tom on the internet and uh hey I'm gonna be going to Disney this week and he should I have to bring my own drill yeah bring your own pneumatic drill all right and by the way don't forget every day is gay day it didn't me well they already know that oh yeah all those people are gonna all upset about that well that's right you better ask and see if some people are gonna Orlando this weekend 560560 560 it's gay day at Disney this weekend what's the matter with you living in a cocoon somewhere you're supposed to know these things to make sure you stay away every day is gay day it Disney are there any straight people working up there at all but if they had this one why do they do that well that's the point is it just to piss off the Baptist I think that's why they're doing it I thought every day was gay day that's why did I just say that's why did you said yeah that's why I just said like six times why do you were whatever you were doing it order you lunch and thank you for your taking care of the important part of the show that's what we come in here for every day is a big fat paycheck free lunch you know aggravated a hell out of a lot of as many people as we can and what's wrong with that and get paid for it huh so I lost my ass in Vegas it doesn't make any difference I just got a tax refund from the government for a million dollars a lot of money what do I care about losing a few grand in Vegas a couple huh what are you laughing about it's the truth I'll tell you right now okay I don't ordinarily don't tell you this I lost 2700 bucks in Vegas I lost $90 if pompaddle last night I feel the worst of about the $90 I lost in pompaddle park last night then the 12 my mother just passed out too bad oh yeah oh I knew you lost a bundle mine your old business okay if you like to check from others days we'd are good and shut up doesn't phase me in the least easy come easy go if you're gonna go out there you got to have a good time I had a great time you'll not only uh sorrow is that I went by so fast I didn't have a couple more days to make all that money back or lose another couple grand what difference does it make I'm not a big gambler but when you go to Vegas you got to take a few bucks out there with you to have a good time you can't go out there like a slipper like some people I know like you have a good time you'll have a great time that's right all the free meals you were getting right and and free shows and free this and running around seeing everything right in the end that's why we have a great time because there's a lot of stuff that's free and we like free we don't care if it's crap if it's direct if it's free we like it that's the state model in Florida what is it he said direct oh I thought he said it was for free damn it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's Miami hello yes sir speaking I have a few comments and Chris first of all you also make my day go back quicker because I work with you say day go my day don't get your customers I go ahead go buy quicker because I work with a bunch of gay Cubans at this wood shaving factor is you're any other kind well not anyway I don't listen to the hangover surface here so definitely boring yeah if you always talk it through his update he's come and do some some of my comments and every credit you said a Barney Barney takes a crap okay thank you I have a great day Barney takes a watch here's a fact that just look at some of these more some of you see people out there really thank god we get you off the streets and keep you occupied you see the amount of work and he artwork and all the stuff that goes through and putting these factions together unbelievable creativity that we only wish we had here at WQA so we might come make a comeback because I predict that the May it trend is also going to be very weak I think our spring book is going to be and then the summer book see I don't understand one thing I know I've said this every year I say the same thing I can't make a change but I don't understand it unless of course during the summertime anybody young with a brain gets out of here that must be what's going on because many years ago during the summer months even when I worked at Osiria tourist stations like WDS News years ago and I and Z during the summer time we have some young people listening who are narrowly couldn't listen during you know I'm talking about when they were going to school does that happen anymore no like and that last in the summer book we had a few teenagers you know a couple over here a couple over there who admit they listen to this show other than that nothing because they're all gone anybody with a brain gets out of here during the summer time anybody that can afford to get out of here is long gone especially anybody under the age of a hundred who like values having a good time with her spare time as opposed to sitting around here and twiddling their thumbs and wondering what to do next except go down to the news cafe and see if somebody's going to get shot to this you know I'm talking about I hate to break the news here and we came up the news cafe is past eight it's all it's burnout speaking of old and burnout I see Duff just came in again who any by the way admits he did have to give back to $200 who's this gentleman with a suit on others are new general manager all right let's hear how I'm vibrating one bad month that we got a new GM just came in with a much better suit than Greg Reed two by the way oh thank god now we got a chance now that we've been emancipated we got a guy that might lead us out of the wilderness into the real world there whoever here we don't know who he is yet but we like him four minutes before eleven and five sixty wqm are you talking about it now everybody down around a condiment here what kind of process do you want this is Robin any one this one was it's non-violence just come for a right month it's all I am the god name of both the north and the north and the north and the north and the north and the east and the south and the south and the south and the south and the south. The country can make us on close, not afraid to cause the ... the Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-Bal. The Gandhi-The Gandhi-Bal. The Indian. The Ranth. The Ranth. The Jaib punk. The Gandhi-Bal. The Indian. The Indymater. The Indian. The Gandhi man 1102 at 560 WQM by the way speaking of a ride. Jim Edith will be in for Hank today because Hank's busy up there. Yeah, with a Belmont stuff doing stuff for ABC. That's a lot more important than us. So, Edith will be on today. Yeah, it's a news. Here's somebody just passes me from today's the West Palm Beach Post. It says a 79 year old former bridge tender. Are you listening to this? A 79 year old former bridge tender. Good luck. Yeah. With the history of molesting boys must spend five and a half years in prison for violating his probation, a jugged rule Tuesday. Wait till year is named by the way. Ralph Hawker of West Palm Beach. This is a little late. Chicken. Ralph Hawker of West Palm Beach was placed on 10 years probation in 1998 for Luda South in 1997. Two more boys said they'd been assaulted by Hawker over the years. Hawker admitted he was with them. It's stuff of violation of his probation, but denied molesting them. Additional criminal charges against Hawker would drop last year after the two accusers would not testify. Have you liked that? A bridge tender. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, 560, 505, 60. We get a lot of interesting facts. Here's what's wrong with this. Well, here's somebody radio guy. I want to know about the ratings from Magic. Also are the ratings available for the Sunday night do option. No. They're not because we don't have a we don't have it. We don't have it. I mean, you can't do that until the whole book comes up. You should know that if you're a radio guy, but they probably like around here. I'm sure you're the numbers. I'm still in shock. I'm amazed. I'm walking out here in the hall this morning. And nobody actually even knows that the numbers are out. The trend is only a trend, but even so. Here's guys who make a living doing this. Did anybody bother telling them because the numbers suck? No. Okay, Magic. Let's see. Let's find something. 2554 persons. Big right there right up. Howard with a gigantic Howard's out of control. Okay. That knows his growing by the second. The hair is all the way down to his back. It's unbelievable. Out of control. Okay, is Magic on the first page? No. They're around the bottom. Look at that. They did good. They done good. 2554 from a 3.5 to a 3.9. That's overall. Let's see. Another question is, would you charge? If you were charged to work to get higher ratings on an old East station, it seems impossible given the program format and a small group of demographics to pull higher raw ratings, playing old East Rock and roll. In other words, how do you fire a program directly in old East station if it gets crappy ratings, what could he possibly do? Sounds to me like somebody fishing around for an answer and I would say maybe get an honest job. It would be a good answer. I suppose to be a pg on an old East station. Although maybe you like to play good music, my pd answer. Oh, what a concept, huh? Like some of the old East stations are here in other markets, not in this market, but like some of the old East stations are there in other markets. Instead of playing like maybe only two deep in every group, you know, like they didn't play and stuff that we haven't heard like over and over again, 50 billion freaking times. You know what I'm talking about? I think you do maybe check out some of the real good old East stations around the country and play some good music that we want to hear instead of the same title crap over and over and over again. They're just, I mean, just a thought for you. 560, 560, 560 on the 18th, you line. Hank is taking a pumbling day and what can I tell you? Here's Pairine, hello. Here you go. Yes sir. What are you doing? Roy. Roy, the mama's opinion is 26 minutes and 44 seconds. I just, I wanted to keep it out or so I could take a look and take 26 minutes and 44 seconds. This guy was doing the mama-law pinger routine on the phone there. How do you like that? 27 minutes. He may have just said a record for futility. That was great. That was fantastic. He said the problem was wrong. I think you may have a point. Here's what it says. How do you QMs ratings are higher during the fall and when or months because of football and basketball seasons? I strongly believe that despite South Florida's largest fan of population, pro baseball is the least popular sport in this town. Thus, the poorest bring in summer ratings. How about the other stations I was on? Seattle do ball games. Thank you Chuck. There's somebody Chuck from the sub shop over across the street in the corner of 441 and I was very wrote. Who continues bringing us fantastic lunches day after day after day. It says for the more of the reason that 496 ratings are higher among 18 plus. There's because the station realizes teenagers are in school and can't listen mornings in afternoon. However, adults are more likely to listen. They're doing work a while on the road. Therefore, power 96 is playing more 80s retro and freestyle dance tunes. Two types of music widely popular among young adults. In the evenings, the station plays primarily hip hop and top 40 tracks like the back street boys and share when the teens are home from school. From Mike. Thank you, Mike. Whatever you just said. Okay. 560, 050, 50, 560 on the AT&T, Wartel, Slam, your chance to a critique. WQA and what do you hate? What's killing us? What's destroying these numbers besides our bogus management and no promotion? That's what I think might be a little bit of a defective. Our cum never grows because we don't tell anybody about this guy. The station. Of course, we got a promotions director in there that's too busy running around playing grandmas with himself and talking on his cell phone in a hallway to be worried about doing any real promotions. Nice bumper stickers Sam. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. And Neil. Yes, sir. My question is how can you look critique tank when I can't hear him? Because all the commercials and spots. Yeah. Upgate and traffic. Uh-huh. So in other words, you think the format sucks. Basically. Well, how come we just finished off the top? We just had the highest rating book in the history of this radio station, January February and March. What happened between March and April, sir? Prior to the spot. Huh? They finally got tired. You can find a guy worn out. You can get the camera between segment. Because your home, your way, your way, your way, your way going. You're done. Right. OK. Thank you, sir. No more spots. No spots, radio. We got to go from all spots. Radio. And of course, the number is keep. We just might do that. Go to no spots. Radio. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18-T wireless line. I'm not going to overreact in one crappy trend here. OK. But it's your kills four hours real good. As opposed to sitting here and try to get some intelligence response to like she took a bullet for Christ. I know you don't want to talk about that because it's too embarrassing. You're too embarrassed to try to defend that kind of an idiotic maniacal. I mean, what kind of an attitude about that life is that in general? Let me say it one more time without getting two serious today because I'm in a real good mood. I don't want to get real serious, but let me just say it one more time real carefully. There is no respect for human life in this country. That's why people can say all these idiotic things. That's a crazy, cock-a-man-y. Oh, she gave her life for Jesus. All of these things. Yeah, that's right. All of these crazy things is opposed to saying, oh my god, what a tragedy here. A beautiful young girl, even an ugly young girl in the prime of her life. Just got blown away and is dead on a door nail and a box somewhere because we got crazy people running around with guns. No, no, that's too difficult to say. It's a lot easier to make a martyr out of her, which I'm sure she wouldn't have wanted in the first place. And then to say, oh, oh, she took a bullet for Jesus. Ed, here's one from Virgin Mary. Here's one from Joseph. Let's not leave him out. We never get any credit. Oh, well, what the hell did he do? We should find a crappy hotel. Couldn't even find a goddamn hotel. What does that tell you? And let me ask you this, how many hotels did they have back in those days? How have you ever thought about that? Or did they had to be in that manger or whatever the hell I was all about? How many hotels just think they had back in the days of Joseph and Mary? Did they have a holiday in? No. Rhinocent? No. Mary, I? No. Some of the old European hotels they were probably still around then. Oh, yeah. You had to see some of those places. Even the foods will be embarrassed. 10 minutes after 11 and 5, 60 WQA must all create a 560 WQA. Is there a represent for hours of excitement, action, and fun? 60 NAM Monday through Friday. Where does the present? The Heliana Rosanna danna Ross, Lake Mitchell, along with her runny zainty, tight kicks, jerty, gentle, and quad-bifurts. 60 NAM only on 560 WQAM. And the NAM is the R-E-P-I-O-N. And the record time! I'm gonna pick off my shoes. Drift off my dress. And make me wet when I pay you, dad. I'll be here right now. I want to merge with every end on top of you and take it up my loop from Katie Pooce to give me an every end. OK. And now, if you do the wall, we are easy to open. I want to train your ball. I want to love it while the opposite went to the door of me. And then I'll give it a blow. In the morning it's just as big as the At least until you take up this I want to wrap on it around your pool clean too. And make your wonder where we're mixed up with food. That's some direct, uh, and it's on circumstance. I want to train your ball. OK. So I'm going to train at 5.60 W2M. We're looking for a scapegoat for the reason for the precipitous decline of this radio station from the month of March to April. Just all of a sudden January, February, March, we were gigantic. We were almost contended. And then April, we... Absolutely correct. OK. And we're trying to figure out what it is that these people are pissed off about. Here's Miami. Hello. Uh, Neil? Yes, sir. Oh, I'm sorry. Uh, you were saying that. Sorry. Oh, no. You're saying that why the drop and the thing. I don't know about the other times because I don't listen to a deflition from 10 to 2. Well, let's start finding out what the problem is here. OK, between 10 and 2. Let's worry about ourselves. Well, the only time I'm a big listener from way back to where. Do I get a drop in this trend? I mean, I do. I'll be honest. I switched the station when you talk about hockey. But I don't talk about hockey. Well, you do. I do. Well, you bring it up and spoil time. Not a sports plan. But how much adjudice is not agreeing with you? Because he hates all sports. You might talk about hockey. I've cut that down to maybe one tenth of one percent of like, uh, you know, I'm not saying you do it all the time. I listen to you every day. But I do. And when you start talking about hockey in the game from parents who don't know that, I'd be answers. Well, I'm not talking about playing. I'm not talking about whatever. Another thing when you talk about that thing about taking a bullet for Christ. Yeah. Yeah. The first day I heard that I felt like a lot of those Christians were getting almost like sexual excitement just by saying that. Squared Squared. They were. They were having an orgasm for Christ. It was incredible. That's good. You were another sprinter. Yeah. And I found that the young people, like not, the people crazy. But I could have just a very brainwash, I guess. She took the bullet for Christ. And then these people are calling me and bitching me out because I find it perverse and bizarre and unacceptable. And I don't understand it. The young, I just, I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get it. What kind of an SNM religion of these people invented? Something sick and disgusting and crazy? Yes. Okay. Another two things. Yeah. I just call once every one of you. It's very valuable. Okay. And like that. Three weeks ago, four weeks ago, you were talking about Ricky Martin. Some article they did about his girlfriend or whatever. Yeah. About his beard. Exactly. That's what I'm calling. Time for Ricky to shave, I think. What you? That Rebecca the ob, but the one that they're saying that his girlfriend. Rebecca the ob, I see. Yeah. What she's also the beard for Miguel Bullseye in Spain. You know, Miguel Bullseye is? No. Okay. He's the famous Spanish singer. So she's kind of like, uh, over there she's supposed to be his girlfriend. She's like, brook she'll. She's kind of the beard for everybody. Exactly. Okay. The last thing. I'm a identical twin. Do you are? Yes. Oh my god. And. And my brother's a little bit bigger. Well, his penis is bigger. Yeah. Not crooked though. No, no. Not like off the one side. No, no. It's bigger and a little thicker and it has a vein going through it. So it's not identical. No, no, wait a minute. Your brother's penis has a vein going through it. Wow. And your his doesn't? Well, it has a penis has no vein going through it. But his has a particular. Oh my god. As a protruding one is. Where's Carly Simon when we need it is saying, okay, God bless you, sir. Bye, bye. And have a great day. There is a guy with no vein in his penis. Oh, wow. You think you got problems, huh? We have Carly Simon in your soul. 560, 560, 560. So you see there you go. I told you if you want to tell identical twin's apart, if they want to play these little games with you. And start, you know, pretending to be the other one. I think I have to do a check where we really count anyway. Oh, that's right. They're not the same. In fact, I would say on a random sample of the 85 or 200,000 that I've seen around the world, no two penises are exactly alike. That's what I would say. You know how like note no two faces are exactly alike? We really have it. And you like that. Oh, right. Any other? What was it? Any other? Thank you. I hate her father. She's a real pain in the ass. She's a real pretty dumb. Yeah, but she's not Jewish. Oh, she is Jewish. Isn't she? I guess. Simon. Oh, her. She's a real, she's a daughter like, now, which is it William and Simon? Something the Simon. Maybe simple Simon. Somebody will call and tell us. Oh, good. Excellent. I suppose. Okay. George just hit the post. And don't even have a vein in it. 560, 560, pound 560. This thing with identical twins. Oh, you know what? So to speak. I never even asked this guy. If he ever, he would never admit it to it anyway. I'm telling you, identical twins did it all each other. I don't care what anybody says. Identical twins. I don't know why. Don't actually why. Santer genetically identical. Yes. Yeah. Right. Yeah. You have a driver masturbate with your mouth. Only guy who saw a dude that was Ron Jeremy. And that was a long time ago in one of those movies. You know? Okay. Where are we going? Let's go to a mobile and Davy. Hello. Mobile and Davy. Didn't know I'm not mobile. Okay. A collar and Davy. Yes. Well, halfway. That's not bad. I have a theory that's probably not all that. That's okay. It just as valid as all the sudden. I had to do with me though. But I don't know how many other people. I mean, I've been listening to you since 1984. Oh my God. And 15 years Jesus Christ. Exactly. My good old. Exactly. And one thing I've noticed like the people that I talk to, who listen to you, they're either sort of like, you know, through the intellectuals or intellectuals or, you know, like, just, you know, basic knuckleheads that, you know, that, that the other goofballs. Intellectuals, pseudo-intellectuals and knuckleheads. I think that describes our audience very well. Yeah. So I think that maybe some intellectuals and pseudo-intellectuals are listening to that new public radio talks format. Public radio talks format. Yeah. And WLRN and FM. They have talked format during the day now. Yeah. With whom? There's a, a, a, a, a, a Diane Reem show, which is a Diane Reem. Yes, you're like a really old sounding woman with a sort of a, a voice problem. And she talks like this. Oh my God. Talk about that in the column. And she's out of blushing can DC, but she gets a lot of like a talking head's on her show. Like Daniel show or, oh, yeah. Stuff like that. There are audiences is really into Daniel. Sure. Well, I think you have a lot of people on the show. I think that there are a third and a hundred of people on the show. But I think that's a little bit of a, you know, sure from, uh, Diane is sure. But what else are they going to listen to? I'll tell you this. That's, that's, I mean, I've, I've been listening to you for a long time. And, you know, when I'm not listening to you, I mean, I'll listen to music. I just listen to the news. Right. You met it. So, I mean, and I think that now that there's more news to listen to, um, you know, it's just sort of, I bounce around more. I mean, I probably listen to you an hour less a day than I think. Oh, my dear, listening an hour less a day than you used to be. Listening and you've been listening for 15 years. Oh, my God. Right in the middle of my lunch. Much of spirits are my heart. I know, but it's only, yeah, I know. I'm, when I live in New York for a little while, they have a lot of sort of serious stuff on the radio. Plus they've got WPA. I was a great leftist radio. Right. And down here, they don't have anything like that. And so, you know, except for you, you know, you're kind of, you know, you're sort of, uh, uh, anti-establishment. Right. But, you know, nobody. So, so basically I listened to you for entertainment purposes and, you know, and I've got to try to get my intellectual stimulation where I can't remember. I think we have to do a lot and a lot less hockey talk on this show. I think that's the kind of, I actually don't mind the hockey. I don't, I'm not much of a hockey. I think I'm just a little covered at this morning. Too much God damn hockey talk. Look, what those hockey shows with rumor used to do to me. Yeah, but what was interesting part of that is January, February, and March, right in the heart of the hockey season when it was going on. Then we had the highest numbers in this remand kind. Then everybody liked hockey. But that I guess they got pissed off at when the Panthers missed the playoffs again. I don't think it's in my way. I don't think it's in my way. I don't think it's in my way. But I do kind of enjoy you getting all worked up by it. Exactly. I don't know if you think it all worked up about it. Yeah, there's a lot of things I've not did that crazy about, but I like it when you can work up and buy it. Okay. Have a great day. See you on National Public Radio, sir. Thanks. You killed me. That's guy wounded me. It's a good guy, but he just stuck a dagger right through my rectum. Oh, man. I'm going to have oozing bloody stool just like roll. I don't want you. By the way, give him another beer. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, a few, eighty, eighty, wireless line. Now I can handle it. I mean, if you think they show sucks, go right ahead, because I know you're listening, see? So like I've always told you, make it so reflection on me. Plus I know the show is great. I hear what the other stuff that's on here in this town. I wouldn't let my dog listen to most of what's on here in this market. I can go to a publics and be in a better market than this as far as radio is concerned. This is a garbage market. This is sewage. Your radio is like a toilet. It shouldn't have a flush lever on it in this town. They should make a law that every radio they sell, even in one's in your car, have like a little flush lever. The flush door out of it. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Okay, thank you very much. Press two if you're an asshole, okay? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. I'm telling you, you know, told you to do those things with, you know, stay on the floor and press two with your toe and all of it. It's he's right on target. He is right on. You know, every time I call anybody know, we have a new menu now. Or menu has changed. And then there's another one where I call this one hotel, I say all the time. Welcome to the, you know, so until hotel, but that same kind of funny voice that I've used to do, only this guy's serious. If you're an asshole, press one, you know. God. I must be an asshole to be calling it because I know exactly what I'm going to hear you, the other into the airline. Oh, I got some very bad news, by the way. Very bad news. Horrific news. I go home yesterday. There's a message on my answering machine from my close personal friend, my banker, Matt Corchard from what used to be first there. What was it in the beginning? Family, family bank when they were sponsors before that bitch at the agency, who hates me like poison, pull their spots off, which is okay. Because they still treated me great. And then they became republics of security bank. Guess what's to go on? And you know, I've noticed the last couple days I drive by there all the time, and his car hasn't been there. He's leaving and he's going to be starting some other banks somewhere, which I don't know where yet. He's leaving. This is the guy that treated me gave me the friendly personal service. I used to talk about in the spots. And I used to put my tax thing in there and make the tax payment for me, please, and do this. Yeah, I'll just leave an envelope with his name on it. And then everything would be taken care of. Now, I'm like naked, which is an ugly thought. I'm the start naked with my money. And when a guy like me who can afford to lose $2700 in Vegas has got all that money that they're dealing with at the bank. I can't afford to be dealing with strangers. You know what I'm saying? Because I have vision to sugar phones, and I've noticed a changing of the guard. There's one lady that works there that's been there from the beginning. But other than that, it's all different people, which reminds me of that other bank that I wanted to mention in a name on the air anymore. So I used to have all those problems with every time you'd go there. It was like a whole different crowd. Like our sales department, like a revolving door, like a draidle spinning and spinning and spitting and never see the same face three times. That's bad news. Your torn my guts out, man. I wish you the best of luck. You're a great guy who happens to look good too, by the way. Hello. You do know about Mac OSch. It has a life, you know? Yeah. And he's losing his hair, but he's still a great guy. And treated me great. Thank you, Matt, and God bless you. Good luck wherever you go, and I'm real nervous about that. God damn bank. 27 after 11 at 560WQMFU. Your culture department scientists say they have made a major stride toward developing an allergy free rubber. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Reap Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful, and that's pretty damn depressed. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare the shit out of people, intimidate them, and they're giving you whatever you want. That's right, handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? Drop a bank. Don't have enough money for beer? Or the convenience. Take chips of pretzels while you're at it. It's all free, as you've got a handguns. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. The simple solution of life's complex problems. Why have to do is wait to five days for it, and happiness is just around the court. Hell, if you don't want to wait to five days, who cares? By the damn thing on the street, just sigh a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out, if he considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make it thanks. 11.32.5.60. WCM's Ocarly Simon's father is the Simon from Simon and Schuster Publishing. And is not Jewish, thank God. Maybe that's why she doesn't give good head. 560, 0.560, pound 560 on the 18th, he wireless line. Here's the money, be it, shall I? I know, yes. I was laughing. Okay. What happened is that you are like a very good piece of corn beef. You've got your corn beef. Like a piece of corn that comes out of your mouth. Corn beef between two of the style pieces of bread. Ah, that's one problem. But I'm interested in what you were talking about the, the new book, because in Radio Man B, WCM, the young person that worked at his 78th. And this is the truth. Right. It's one of the people that called the news. They were saying this morning that they had the biggest rating of all of the A.N. Station. They like all the sides of it. Yeah. So I see that the one I'm going to do a graphic that is, I guess, that all Julios and Domino Park, I think they're up there still pretty good. But other than that, I can't, So you're on your mom B, let's see. They went from a 5.3. This is 12 plus the whole week. 5.3 to a 5.2. So they're number three, and they went down at 10 to the point. Another is not really much of a change, but they're down. And if they're say to number one, EDR was number one, power 96 was number two. Well, I'm glad you're telling me that. So I'm glad you're telling me that. So I'm glad you're telling me that. So I'm glad you're telling me that. So I'm glad you're telling me that. So I'm glad you're telling me that. So I'm glad you're telling me that. It is. Okay, he liked it. But the way he's really does like you. He's why it doesn't care much for you, but he likes. That's okay. Okay. I would say it's not a text, but he don't even do that. Okay. Have a great day. Or even there. Okay. His wife hates me like poison, but that's okay. That's because that'll money eat with him. It roots Chris anymore. 5 or come to their house. 5 6705 60, pound 5 60. On the 18th, he wildest line. Here's the fact that says the main reason why the ratings in your station went down. What right down the crapper is those 10 minutes breaks on a morning and the show. It says to me this is freaking insane. How many times can you listen to Joe singing air around the clock or go to talk about Beren's menswear? Deepo, I don't even, what does it say? I can't read the word. Talk about fat as Hank. He's the cure for insomnia. It says the only time he's entertaining is when he's not on the mad dog. Take so we're like today. Yeah. From 2 to 6, we got a very entertaining show. Mad dog mad. It's going to be on to the 6. Bring back the Ricky Martin hour and you'll get those high ratings back. Ricky, see what did he do this weekend? Baby, sign Jose in Cuba. How do we believe that? We believe that. We believe that. We believe you're not fooling anybody. Okay guys. We're on it, so to speak. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th line for the mobiles. Here's the Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, now. Hey, don't. Great. We know the reason why everybody call you show and they make fun of them. And they make fun of you or whatever they curse at you. Now what is that sir? The reason why is he kind of every day, every day I listen to your show, you always mean sarcastic. So that's the reason why. Yeah. I think that a lot of times we talk about the same topic and you know everybody that get upset. So what you should do is just bury the topic. So you're talking about the Greg I shot. Whatever we say. Just bury it. Yeah. Whatever we say, you will never come back alive. So what you should do is bury them. Just bury it. Right. Everything else that comes to. Yeah. All right man. Okay. We're going to bury it right now. All right. All right. Check it out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th line. We're going to check it out. And let's go bury it. All right. Nothing's enough for that. For the her already. And that would have been bad. That would have been very tasteless for me to say that. Although that's why I feel about it because I'm tired of it all. I'm tired of being beaten over the head with a martyr already. The other kids did died. We heard anything about them. No. No. Well, they're probably burning in hell because they weren't religious enough. They weren't pies enough. Maybe they said no before they got their heads blown off. Yeah. Maybe they said no. That's a possibility. Huh? Or maybe they also said yes. We don't know about them because there was no. And how do we know about her by the way? How do we know that? I guess somebody was around. I don't know. Somebody made it up. Maybe maybe Pat Robertson made it up or Pat Boone or somebody named Pat. Pat Buchanan. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's four miles. Hello. Anya. Yes sir. I just wanted to tell you that I would have said nothing. I would have just ran from the guy. And my grandfather who was a Methodist minister said that Joseph was the most maligned person in the Bible. Curtis Joseph. He played pretty crappy. I thought on the Buffalo series. Well, see there you go with that hockey again. God damn it. I'm going to be an oxal man. I'm a twin brother. And okay, here we go. And identical twin. Identical twin. Yes. I'm straight. Really? Yeah. And from upstate New York. Wow. And if you got a bigger penis? I don't know. I think we both go to left a little bit. Both are hooked at the left. Yeah. Well, I just wanted to let you know. We appreciate you on the air over here in Fort Myers. You can give us something to listen to. But the two of you have never run. No. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's good. Well, I guess it's good. It's good for me. Good for appearances. Okay. Have a great day, Pat. Yeah. Thanks, Pat. Okay. And of course, if you want to stay alive for Myers, you better believe you're going to say no. Probably has. How do you like that? Now see that answer is the question we were talking about the other day. If there are identical twins, how can one of them be straight one of them gay? That's a very, very interesting question. Because, I'm not giving an example. Abercrombian fish catalog. But very, very heterosexual, macho stud Jeff Poppo, which, with the U of M. Hurricanes, and we know they had got no light weights in that football program. Oh, man. There's no facts that the Hurricanes are telling that right now. No way. You know, I hate to break the news to you. Does it seem, I don't want to start hallucinating. But just about this time yesterday is when it started warming up in here a little bit. Is it my imagination? Huh? Or maybe it's the fact that he'd rank that beer. It's starting to get to me. Oh, seriously, it's starting to see. I'll check it out during the break. But it seems like it's getting a little bit warmer in here. I don't want to see any panic around the building. But if we have a repeat of yesterday, it's going to be a real ugly scene. Okay. Previously, yes, when it was working sort of right around noon is when it was start to warm up in by two o'clock. I feel like I'm going to be shfitching over here any second now. Huh? Yes. Because I'm getting warmer by the minute. A little warmer than it was in the morning. And it's not because he's sitting there for a few minutes in the 10 o'clock. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless one. I'm serious yesterday. It was like the end of the world in here. You thought it was bad outside of the rain in the storms and all the crap. It was the end of the world in here. And thanks again to Maddie Bell and who was it? John Jerry. John Jerry is my good close personal friend with his big catalogue out there. Good guys. They brought us that fan this morning. I saw Maddie in the hall. I think him profusely. You know John Jerry, see as a wife, you know, was a little bit better last night? Yes. You mean at the party that I wasn't invited? The party for the party. The party for personal friends, who used to look pretty good until it became the work here. Yeah. That. Now that's why he didn't invite me. Do you understand that? He's holding a grudge now. He's very upset. Now he is. He's, I've never seen anybody. Any, a macho guy like Corey take it so hard. So to speak. Well, we all doubled up because Floca is probably changing this schedule. 21 before all. see I knew if I said something about the air he'd come in here like I said it's nice and comfortable in here have no fear I don't want to panic take a look what does it say on the thermostat over there what is it reading 75 yeah with 75 this more which isn't that great by the way okay it's okay it's acceptable 75 is like Madonna would say a little on a borderline okay a little borderline to me 75 72 would be nice so this is a start but don't think you got the job finished and did we find out who the people are with the trade-out that is doing the AC for us we haven't seen a motel else who it is because we don't want our good close friend did a round of clock that's been an arm and like advertising on this radio station and get great results from this radio station we don't want them upset no one the fact that we're probably doing business with somebody else which will be real embarrassing to us wouldn't it yeah and rightfully so 24 noon at QAM you know color can a lot like hot little boy well I hope so I don't see phrases and I hope that you both find that I bought you a brand two raises for the bush between your sides I don't want to hurt your feelings but if you care it all about mine it just tried to trim a little on the side you're in your music and the little is a little and stuff not too far like it for my touch or like a dry and go for a bus I just really really you were cheating so I just raised it I don't want to stare at you say when I'm down between your legs and it's smelling kind of a game you could use the fact your shame I'm not trading through the jungle but part of the real though that you got because I feel like I'm having sex with these each alright I'm 46 at 560 WQMG Amanda. Yeah. At the two o'clock for the, the Humper. So we're asking the, the musical question they, what's wrong with WQM, which I think most stations wouldn't come on here and do that, but we like to do that. We like to make you feel that you got something to say about it, which of course you don't. And so far, you know, who's taking the, taking the big bad water, most of the, you know, is him, yeah. 560, 05, why is that? Why, I guess they must know he's not on to them. He can't respond. Good second. 560, 0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line is Dave Johnson going to call us today or not. He is not Manana. Or tomorrow. Great. Dave Johnson is going to call tomorrow. Oh, great voices triple crowd racing are good to close personal friend. And I'll tell you right now I'm going to pick charismatic because I don't care if, you know, he's going to win or not, you got to have a triple crowd. Because nobody really cares about horse racing anymore at all. They're like about 20 of us. And I don't care that much either. Here's a lady in Naples, hello. Hi. Yes man. The one that said, go, cheers, man. Okay. I was mad. I grabbed a you put an S on the end. I would be to confuse that thought it was like a religious thing. Well, sometimes I started. Anyway, they worked with the girl and she was saying she was going to go visit her sister and in her kids with twins. And I was like, oh yeah, I mentioned their husband. She said, well, it's kind of different. He's a lesbian. And it's a twin also. So. Anyway, it's always like a lesbian. Jesus, yeah, her twin, so Lesbow. And they were able to adopt a set of twins or six months old. And she realized that she had a curved penis that hooks to the left. A big vein in her boobs. A big vein. Yeah. Anyway. Because it's a vein in her back home. At least it felt like a vein anyway. Well, she was picking it. So just after the end of vein. Yeah. Anyways, I wanted to ask, well, how could they adopt the kids being at their Lesbow? I mean, I thought there's like big screening about. I know some of the actors. Big screeners. There's a lot of screeners that I think kids. What's wrong with that? And she said, well, and the great thing is that it was the same sperm donor. Yeah. They're Duke. Anyways, another thing I wanted to say was your show's funny today. Yeah. And I never noticed the other guy. But I kind of feel bad for them. When you have to see him though, you kind of don't they look funny? Everybody put them down. They all look funny. That's how we got our jobs here. We all look funny. Okay. Well, let's have a great day. Don't blame God. Blame the devil. Okay. And bottom up. Okay. See. What are they drinking over Naples? Something good, huh? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. She did take care of his mad expired way the first time. Here's a parade. Pryne. Hello. See you. Yes, sir. I don't want to mention the other thanks. So I'll listen to every morning. God bless you, sir. I don't want to ask one question. I don't want to ask you. I don't want to ask you. But are you thinking it's going to win this on the serious? Who do I think is going to win one? I'm the basketball season. Watch us to Royals in four. Yeah. Okay. 560, 50560. I think Oscar Robertson's making a big comeback soon. No. Who's going to win it in six? Don't understand. I don't care. Don't you get it. I do not care. Don't take it personally. My friend, you are great listener. We love you. I don't care how light our dark you are. You're a great guy. But I don't want to see a bunch of seven footsparks. It's just slam a jaminate or the basketball either. And by the way, if you can service yourself, what does that make you? I guess double join the jencer. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. And you know, see what the Ron's yearning for you. He must have bad taste because even he's doing himself is the rotus. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hi, how are you? Pretty good. Enjoy your show very much. Of course. I have one reason and the reason why the ratings went down. Okay. Here we go. All the other caucus went north. You said it. That's it. There's an extra list of these audiences back in New York. These aren't also cuckered numbers though. Yeah, but I'm telling you, that's the reason. All the other caucus that are my relatives live in the area. They're gone. Yeah. But these aren't the other caucus or listeners. They're these are like 25 to 54. No, I don't know if those numbers are right. But I can tell you, I can tell you 10 people who went north and they were your die hard listeners. Oh, yeah. I agree. I believe that every April, you have to go into this appears on the show. You're right. You have to charge and have the audience. Yeah, they'll be back. Okay. Thanks. Just let's hope that they stay alive. One more couple more years. Keep my live. What is it? Oh, by the way, I want to extend my most sincere congratulations to my best close personal friend, Jeff Rimmer for one. I think it's citizen. Oh, that was yesterday. Yeah. And how do you know that? Somebody called it. Oh, okay. Well, yes, what? He can't hear you because he's off the Edmonton or something like that. And I'm assuming they're gone already. At least I'm hoping because the phone's been real quiet. 560, 5050, 5060 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and cross-spring. Hello. Mobile and cross-spring is going once. Going twice. Audio. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, you'll say if you take off the phone. Uh-huh. Okay. I'm talking to you for now. Go light up a big one and stick it in your room. 560, 5050, 5060, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's cross-spring. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Long time, Mr. Put on your radio station. 1001, turn it off at 159. Yeah. Except for today. Yeah, but that last minute's a killer man every day. It's a great minute. Oh, but hell. Matt talks to him on his A-saw. He's an on his A-saw. Yeah. He's a good one. He's great. And that's George Rimmer. Are you knocking a hand again? I mean, I don't get defensive, but are you knocking the hop-orgon? Well, I like listening to him, but I like Matt Dog. Yeah. Yeah, that's great. I mean, I like Matt Dog. I think he tells me like it is. He does. He'll read from a book, you know? Right. But afterwards, real quick, what the I-x-o-y-e means in the middle of that fish. Yeah. What does that mean? I mean, I have a little bit of fish that the born-again's got on the back of the car that I-x-o-o-y-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e I say before they're all gone anyway, which I realize. I've been doing this for one hell of a long time. I'm well aware of the fact that we're in for a long, desperate deadly, hot, freaking goddamned summer here, make no mistake about that. But I have to put on a good octane pretend that we got naughty and set up there. 560, 550, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Holly, what, hello? Neil? Yes sir. How you doing? Great. I got a couple of things for you. How not you caught that on the news? there from what does that one TV station down in Mississippi who who they end their day every day by having a religious word that we like channel 10. You believe that? Yes I do. It's a Mississippi man. Yeah I got a huge spary port for you. I was unfortunately dragged to a Marlin game yesterday. The glory holes are working over there. Oh wow. Okay. They're like, I have something entertaining going on over there. Thanks for the good news. Maybe that's why Donna smiley these days. 5 6 7 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Mobile in Weston. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Okay sir. Hey reason I'm calling you is like you know I hear all the shock jack stuff and I think that's what are your problems? Why you lose the listeners? The other part of the garbage. You know. You're tired of what? Oh well the garbage talk you know you're talking about shock you but you're only talking about penisism and misconduct garbage. What's the look in the back? Penises are garbage. Do you want to listen to sounds? Conversation here. Something like you know. Hard enough for a great vacation. Yeah and then why are you listening? Oh no let's put the rocket out of the script channel and that's not the first of the game. You've got to really read your game. There's a game. In other words now it's 5 minutes to the moon. What time did you turn it on the day sir? I was in the car this morning. Yeah. And you heard what? I heard you talking about your station. Yeah. You're asking me your critique if that's why I'm calling you. Right. How come you were listening that long? In other words you don't listen any other station is that it? Are you a radioist bro? No I usually listen to 610. Then how come you were listening to 560? Because the radio I was in the game was on last night. I was in the car last night. I listened to it. No. Well it's not irrelevant. I think it's very important because if I get in the car and for some reason somebody would have switched my dial to a station I don't listen to. The first thing I would do will be to switch it over to what I do listen to. You're talking about your station. Because basically what you're saying is that you don't listen. It's kind of there's nothing shocking about this show sir. I've been doing the show for a zillion years. Okay. We've been doing just great. But you know you're somebody doesn't listen to the show and you're critiquing it. You're telling me what? Obviously I don't mind telling you who listen. What now you do listen to what you just got to say listen to. I don't listen. I'm not on IOD. Hey we listen to a garbage talking about stuff that's garbage. I mean that is a less that's more clarification. You know you're then why do you listen? You just got your phone. You just said you did listen. No I don't listen day to day basis like you're some of your listeners. Yeah. I flip it on I want to listen to this for it. It's not a fourth patient anymore either. Right. It's a garbage. We did a garbage station. That's right. That's a lot of your problem. And what about this? What about the sports shows that was numbers went in the toilet? What about them? Are they talking about penis and cirks? No they're not. What about those shows? I don't have an answer for that. Okay thank you. I didn't think he would. He listens every minute that I'm on. Make no mistake about that. You could bet your life on it. You could bet his life on it please. See on it you can I mean this is the one day I make an exception or nearly I'm not interested in critiques. If you like it listen if not blow it out your ass. Okay that's my philosophy of life. But today I'm making an exception. We're looking for some answers here is if they're running. But this guy number one is a liar. I don't like liars. Don't tell me you don't listen and it was another radio accident and you stuck around long enough to make it call and went out of hold for several minutes to tell me you don't want to hear garbage. You don't want to hear about a penis. I got news for us here. I don't know about your penis but I don't consider my penis to be garbage. Okay sir maybe you don't have any respect for your penis. Maybe that's your problem. But to me that's not garbage. That's like the heart and soul of life. Do you think he's got one? No no. Three minutes till noon at five 60 WQA and put it in. Maybe let's turn this mother out. Pop, match rapper is on my TV. No one heard of him before all the name is pop. Maddie I said that pop, the match rapper or what be here that's not on. Not on let's say it learns to sing or to write up. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. You can't even hear about it. What he said in his mouth, to at the time. Maybe take the sock off at next time you call sir right into phone too. So we can understand very clearly what you're saying. 560, 560, pound 560, on a mobile one line. He must be another OJ soccer. Don't you think? You know I'm wrong. Yeah. Who's going to OJ fan? Lighten up a little okay pal. Maybe then we can respect you. Just lighten up about two or three shades. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. You got it. Yes I am. We fan. All right. Don't start that hockey talk man. I'm already in the toilet here. My numbers are disarvenishing. Hey we we had a good season. Yeah. We think we we need to do for some success next year. How about get a couple of defensemen that can play defense. How does that sound? Yeah that that sounds good. Maybe we could also make tie don't mean the cast and that's some heart. Uh huh. You should talk more about hockey. Yeah. Okay. Go leave school. That's that's it. That's our hockey talk for the name now. Let's move on to penis talk. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. I mean what's wrong with talking about identical twin. That's something that most people are interested in. So suppose maybe if they're feet were different. Okay maybe joke us. Tell them come in here and get upset about that discussion. Everybody gets upset about something. I don't think there's anything crap about this. I'm going to solve the problems in the world of these shows. And by the way sir I hate to make the news to you. People don't want to hear what you're talking about. That idiot that caught around five minutes ago. They don't want to hear that. I did that for five million years. And you know what all I did was waste my time and my breath. Like we're going to change the world sitting talking on a stupid radio talk show. Talking pontificate and the most interesting part of the whole deal is. Back in those W's news days. Here were a whole bunch of us sitting on that radio station. We were talking about a whole lot of crap. We knew nothing about it. But we didn't know what that we were talking about. And all these old parts are going, oh you said you're brilliant boy. What is the doctor? What time is the doctor coming on? I got such bad hemorrhoids. Yeah. That's what we used to do. Okay. So I'm going to promise nobody wants you that went out with Nickerson High button. She was bouncing you better get with the program. Okay. You think because Lard asks Limbaugh got a little bump there in 95 plus in his last video. That all of a sudden that kind of crap is coming back. Hey, to break the news, you sir. Wrong. Dead wrong. And you're listening and you'll continue to listen. Lire liar. Your thing is on fire. Why do they lie so much? Why are you people so dishonest for crying out loud? I could have come back like some people on his station. I don't want to mention no names and said, oh yeah, 110 grand and Vegas. I lost my ass. Okay. That's the most I think I ever lost out there. And you know what? I couldn't care less. I don't care. I'm not going to change my life. But why should I come on here and say, oh, I had a great, really hit it big out there and Vegas me and my perikey. You know, I had a great time. Why would I do that? And you wanted to lie because compulsive gamblers. People who are in denial about their gambling problems, they lie a lot. Just like last night, the track my good post friend Frat Rich is a good guy. But he's, you know, every time we go, oh, I think I lost about 10 dollars. I think I'll end it. Of course, if he admits to that, that means like at a zero at least, you know, 2, 300. And what happened to the dollar that you're stepping on, Frat Rich? See, I bet you're over the years that we've been going to the track together. He probably wasn't about 20, about 2700. But I lost in Vegas. I think I just got it back. Because he runs all of bits in every now and then, oh, I don't have changed. I owe you a dollar. And then, of course, he assumes that I forget about the dollar. I never forget like an elephant. I got a body and a brain to match. I never forget. So I'm just counting it up, counting it up. It's just ticking away at a little ticker between my ears. Okay. 2700 even is what you owe me for the last 10 years at the track. Okay, Rich? I mean, that's bad. That's ultra Jewish to stiff me for a dollar last night. But I'm getting him in there for nothing. And he's eating three meals and filling his fat face all these years. Yeah. And it's just me for a dollar with the track. But I, I've paid notice. And I, I very conscientiously. I, I looked and waited to see was you going to offer me the dollar. Was he going to sit there and hope that I forgot about it for the 2700 time. And I, you know, I dummyed up five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile online like I've told you before. Didn't your experiences in life you'll find that most people you encounter. Most of them even some of the nice ones are full of crap. Okay, just don't ever forget that I told you that. Most people are full of crap. And most people aren't even don't even begin to a resemble. What they appear to be. Most things in life appear to be one thing on a one hand. And on the other hand, they're like something totally different. You can believe it or not, but it happens to be true. Take it to the front of an old fart like me. Here's more waterdale. Hello. How you doing today, Dale? Great. I don't remember from a few years ago, it just felt the other shows. I mean, there's a couple of guys in there that are all right. But you're like the morning scene. They take one call every 20 minutes. Yeah. 40 commercials. That's terrible format. I've said it before. I'm just, I'm a, it's a miracle. And those guys can sustain that show with those 25 minute breaks and 55 minute breaks. And now we're 20 minute break. How could anybody do we show with those without kind of a format? And I've, I don't understand it. And, uh, thanks get the same way. Sometimes you first talk about stuff. Let's call this a talk about a given. Give them some talk about what they've come in on it. And then he just goes on a start talking about stuff. I could care less about horse racing and yeah boxing and gambling. Exactly. He makes a gambling. Too much gambling on his radio state nothing. I think most of the professional gamblers are tapped out, which is why the audience vanished. I think April 1, they tapped out and that's no fooling. So why do you keep going the track with this guy? We will rich. Yeah, because I'm keeping Italian. At the end of the next five years, he's got only a big, then we go to only enough to retire. If you can't pay it now, why do you go say that? Good point. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Good point. Hey guys, a good friend of mine. He means well, he's just cheap. You know, this is the guy that went on our fourth biggest trip with us in the, and what was it, the Imperial Palace? And at the buffet, he sneaks into the buffet and he takes the paid receipt from somebody else's table and he puts that on another table and he goes and sits down there. And the guy that's making some serious bucks by the way is in business from selfies, you know, bright guy, does pretty damn well I think. But cheap. He's it's just in his jeans. He is cheap. He means real, real cheap. Tight. All those stereotypes about Jews being cheap, which we're not. I mean, some of us are very generous to a fall, but there are some who are the stereotype and believe me, he is cheap. Not as cheap as some of George's close personal friends by the way, who also happened to be Jewish and Canadian. They stopped like him. Not no, no. No. No, he also he's still, he didn't give up his Canadian citizenship. He's got dual citizenship. You can do that? Yeah. You mean you're not a Cuban citizen? I reckon. What does that mean? You don't know. Sure I am. You know, I'm not so sure you're a citizen of anything when you come right down. Yeah. What was that mysterious day that you had to go down to the INS building and to see the person go to the INS building? Yes, you did. No, I did not. I went to the Fort Lauderdale Courthouse to file a declaration of domicile for a host set exemption. Yeah. You're the one that made up the whole of the building. Yeah. What? Nine minutes past noon at 5.50 WQAN. Oh, are you searching for a new sensation in dining? Your tired of that same old bump and grind, then why not revisit an old friend and eat it to why? That's right folks, because here at the why, we've turned our old facility into a mouse watering buffet. And you've never seen a red light this one. Featuring some of the most delicious on trays you've ever named it. And if you like eating Mexican tools, let's go buy because every night is a go night. Or if you enjoy the taste of wild day, our chefs from era looked, making soft 8 rabbits baked in a golden flower crust. That's right. Parapy. It's all here. It's literally mounds of piping hot food, including juicy steak, cooked medium rare. Cust, when chewy at the why, all of the meat is in the middle. Or if you like spicy food, here's an unusual hunt. A red hot, seasoned, you'll think. Talk about a piece of ass that brings air to your eyes. It's lift second good to show you what one of them is. Oh, the next time you eat out, light on down to the why. It's a pretty early up and here's for one I think. Oh, why? But it's in the why. Okay, it's all 15. What is that? At 560WQM. What the was that? I know what it was. It was a mistake. So anyway, we got the 200 open lines, 560560 and 560 on the mobile one. I guess that guy around noon time, I think he had a good point. We got to stop over this trash talk, you know. I love people I use that term. If you're stopping a shock talk, well, what is shocking? In other words, the word penis, does that shock you? Is that, yeah, that must be it. Well, how do you like that? penis, clitoris, grow up, sir. Okay, get a frickin' life. And here's another one of those guys. Just what I was talking about a few days ago, we can go tomorrow. I'll be one week that I brought that great point up on the show about what's in your brain about all these pyrarchites we have. So you don't have to buy a bird. If you want somebody who will repeat everything that you say, just find somebody like him. You know, just removing a lot of things that somebody else said. So the media come up with this, oh, it's shock radio. These are the same people on television by the way that are showing every decapitation, every grow, test accident, body parts, whatever they can find, blood guts and gore. And because somebody says penis on a radio, oh, it's shock radio. Yeah. Same people that are putting Jerry springer on here and they're doing segments on shock radio. Because somebody said clitoris. I mean, let me break already, will ya? 560, 5050, 5060, pound, 5060, and 560, and by the way, sir, you're welcome for the entertainment that we give you four hours every day of your meaningless future life, even though you can't stand the word penis. Even though it makes you feel unclean. Here's my me Lake, cello. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing that? Great. I just want to say I'll show and I listen to both of the number one shows. I listen to WDR in the morning. Then I turn around and turn a clock listening to you. And I think he'll put, he, I believe he makes someone lose his job. He's more. Yeah. And he's good. Yeah, but we doing good till two o'clock. Yeah. And actually, I took a clock, I turned back the WDR. Well, now, man, is he just going to be under? You're going to listen to the manager? Yeah, I like that. Yeah, I like that. Man, if she is fun, man, this is a lot of fun. He doesn't think it was else. And he shows up on time every day. I guarantee it to a clock when the theme is against today. The mad dog will be on. I guarantee it. Yeah. Yeah, they need to give it a hand. They need to give it a hand. They need to give it a hand. They cover the guys that called early a man. I'm both of those guys are penisless. Okay. God bless you, sir. All right. Yeah. All right. There we go. There's a dark and plucking guy who's a great list of our, we love our dark and plucking list. There's all that we do like Malcolm a lot on young and a horny. They can't all be that light or look that good. Like I told you, light, and up a few shades. Okay, Malcolm. Now, you don't, don't tell me that you don't think Malcolm is just, shockingly, he's a handsome man. Yeah, okay. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. 15 minutes and 31 seconds ago they called and guess what? They're gone. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50. On the mobile one line. We definitely need telephone via Grinistown. They just can't keep it up like the old days. Why do we run? But as you can't live in a past, I know. You can't go back. But all those old days. I don't want to reminisce about certain other places that some of us used to work because I know they're not the same anymore. W-I-O-D-O-I hate that station. Like why those days when they would hang on forever? And when we talk about like serious, though, a life in death topics, then? Oh, no. Of course not. I mean, once in a while because I'm not going to be one of those people that's going to be pinging the whole end of a corner or a corner to a corner. I'll talk about whatever I feel like it. But this guy with his bull crap about people wanting here intellectual. Like the guy that was telling me before about national public radio. I mean, are you kidding me? Some bits that sounds like death in the Kalamon Helium is on there and the people are going to listen to that. Oh, of course not. The only people who listen to that garbage are old people. And even the old people stop listening to it, which is why there's no more W-I-O-Lightball on here. And no more W-Snoos and all that other crap. Because even the old farts say, ah, nothing is crap already. Let's go play My Jong. Anything. Here's a mobile in poker, hello. Neil, yes sir. For a time long time. All right. I think the issue with your rating is the first team. Yeah. And Marlin's baseball. I mean, it's the first team is old already. They're just standing. Hey, and they are absolutely- Like last year's the Coleslaw? Absolutely. I love my penis by the way. And it is not garbage. Excellent. God bless you, sir. And your penis. Okay. See, there's a guy who's proud of his penis. And it don't have to be big. It doesn't have to be gigantic. It has to be clean. And that's all I have to say about that. Okay. It has to be clean and effective. And other than that, there we go. And there's business of being like an overgrown infant. This is another part of the problem about American. I'm always there not any respect for human life. But there's no respect for the human body. That's why we're all walking around fat like me. No respect for the body. We got like I said yesterday, the doctors aren't doing a goddamn thing for us. People are buying all these desperation. Got a crack remedies that don't work. And you go to Europe as I've told you a billion times and you turn on TV and evening and here's naked boobs. Maybe here's naked people. Here's people doing it. Not on a cable station. Not on some x-rated station on your satellites. But over the air on your local channel. And people say, oh yeah, okay. There it is. It's not the end of the world. But in this country, this hysteria over sex and body parts. Everybody wants to see him. Everybody wants to grab him. Everybody wants to get their hands in as much hot places they can. But oh, I don't admit it. Don't talk about it in public. That's why the penis gay thing was a plus for America. Even though we had to go through all that crap. The bottom line was we found out about all the closet people out there that don't give a crap about the president and get in blow jobs. I think like that. We also found out that the sanctum odious hypocrite that we're screaming loud is about it. And then they were getting more blow jobs than he was. And screwing up everybody's family and having kids out of wedlock, etc. And so on. bunch of hypocritical bastards. So let me tell you again. The ones who talked about the sanctum odious and holier than now. Those are the ones who are screwing their brains out. Anything that moves that make no mistake about that. Am I right? Am I good old right wing Republican friends? You bet your sweet ass, okay. bunch of monocony's with cheese. With peckeroni. Hey, you ever see a morocony with peckeroni? Here's a mobile in Ocahumpka speaking of that. Hello. Hey, you're answer for the right. Okay, go right ahead. Please we're dig out of the sauce. I'll cut all the penis and you got a bump up and nooky. Everybody just didn't looky. Yeah. Even the women. Uh-huh. How would you say how would you got 28 lesbian's out of my morning? You'll have a good time. And how would went through the roof so you must be right? You'll have to listen to how would for your lesbian talk. Okay. No interest on this show. I'm going to go to the next page. Five, six, seven. In fact, next time I'm on vacation. What? And you. Hey, is this your show? He's already moved in J.P. He's not only like sitting in there hanging out hanging it out. He's also with his show now. It's the Neil George and J.P. show. And I think you got the order, Rose. It's the J.P. Neil and George show. Yeah, like I said. Hey, listen. You know how these guys don't don't believe. I'm telling you, if you leave, I get very depressed. So like I said, is it the Neil and C.T. show or what? Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Yes, ma'am. No, Miami. Hi, Neil. Is this North Miami? Yes, it is. How are you? I'm very well. Thank you. And as far as anch goes, he blows. Really? Very bad. Last one thing I wasn't aware of. Well, let's stop getting that word. Okay. And then the first team. Yes. That's the discreet. Oh. And I'm so glad that Jim is going to be on a two o'clock. Jim, man. Everybody likes Jim Man. I love everybody. I hope the man dog's listen right now. We all love your mad dog. Okay, because you're a wild and crazy maniac. And you don't take it serious. That's right. Farzansho's up there. Time. You and the mad dog. But the only people are not special. I wouldn't have been great to have a second. 12 hours each a day. Every day of the week. 12 hours like alternate. Three hours on three hours off. Neil and the mad dog. And the C.T. Absolutely. You are fantastic. I'm a red Neil. All right. Neil God. Man, this is very entertaining. Yes. I can extremely boring. All right. That's up to you. Yes. And don't forget fat. Yeah. When he's up a lot of week. Yeah. Still fat. I need to up there doing the bell mark. That's fine. Right. On ABC. On a big screen TV. Wonderful. He needs it. Yeah. But the morning it goes worse than you. I mean that is a joke. Yeah. That morning shows. It's going anywhere. You do understand that. I hope so. We're going to have the Ricky Martin show starting Monday. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good two dollars on me. Kusuki last week. You want 2 bucks? Yeah, that, huh? That was a mile's about it, you know? I lost 1,700 in Vegas and I'm very proud of it. That's true. Yeah, listen. We're talking about all this crafts that's on the TV now, you know. Just think about what it was. Momsters they're going to be eating well over nothing. The next a few days thanks to me. Listen, you know. All that stuff that we put about the Marragon Ale and a jetcrash ester on channel 7 Records on this incredible. you know, I mean, 8G, I don't know how many people died about 8 or 16. Whatever, 9. And I'm 9 people and this and that, how could have happened? Why did it happen in this and that? And what about the 200 million people or starving in this and the plan? You know what I mean? Yeah, they don't care about them, you know? Well, there's no glory fiery pictures of those people, you know? That's incredible. And that's just a survey came on right now, CNN. And estimates, 200 million people starving right now. How do you like that? And the Pope is over there eating shettyl but he on and the queen is asking for a pay raise to the king. Really? That's incredible. Well, I haven't actually done that. Okay, and back to you, sir. Yeah, guy raises an interesting point but we don't want to get to a serious because this is penis radio after all. Penis and what do you other guys say? Bulldog radio, something like that. 26, if we get a lot more lesbian down there, I think we could really bounce it back up there. 24 hour day, lesbian radio sounds excellent. We have a bulldox on here just round a clock. Maybe we just have a golf show all day. But if we decided during last commercial break that that golf show on Saturday morning is what put us in the... What is this? Traparin is last time. What about a lesbian golf show? That's what I just said, Miss. You didn't say what? And what? Because difference. If it's ladies golf, what's their difference? And we'll get some good looking ones out there. Even if they can't play. Isn't that an oxy moron? I'm good looking bullby golfer? Like whom? So we want those. Let's take a lesbian. Okay. 27 afternoon on lesbian radio. There's only one place to jar hard out. Pete, both here. God starting this Monday. On 5. 60. W. If the all Jay Simpson water not see and Roy. Roll. There's show. 6. The JNAM Monday through Friday. Only on 5. 60. W. U.A. Sports, bad radio. What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? I'm mad at how I've tried. Don't understand why this why two Jay. Don't you hear how tough it is today? Oh, he was starving. There's been chance with drawing money from there, babe. You such a bunch of silly teeth. Acting like paranoid freak. Oh, you've been leaving. Why two Jay? Why two Jay? No. No. No. No. There was someone over there to ask questions. They were fine. chyba yeah. They were fine. Don't add mayors. Why two now? The galaxies, the contests, some sort of cr handed money. Why two super cool people off the road for six hours somebody hurts to ruin Gables and HAVE their hands in a little bit of relaxed jeans because they couldn't make political decisions. They were already çocukless. Here's what you've been trying to say. the WQAM, we got your mad dog managed to the six today and again tomorrow. I'm a scheduled little bonus there for you. Well, Hank's getting busy horse and around at the Belmont 567560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. It's surely what a great generous guy I am. I'm not even what I just gave the 20 bucks for. What do we buy and for Cory? We're getting a hooker or something as going away. What was that for? Oh, it's a surprise, but we'll do a presentation during the show. Oh, so I said, it shouldn't have said anything. Great. Or you're not doing what I think you're doing, are you? No. Please don't do that. No. It's not. It's something that is, it's something that is tangible. Okay, something you can actually put your hands on. Yes, yeah. And now. And then, oh, really? Oh, God, so many possibilities immediately rushing to my brain. But at any rate, well, I guess we'll have to wait and find out. Yeah, you people over there before Myers don't forget our good post personal friend, Cory Siamon, going to be popping up, so to speak on Channel 4 News in 4 Myers. Starting when? Is it tomorrow? I think you said June 4th. I believe he starts tomorrow, but they're in 4 Myers Monday. Next Monday. And believe me, once you see him, then you'll know what a real good young Jewish cryolish light that's losing his hair. Here's Holly Wood, hello. Yes, sir. Long time, Mr. Frish time, Colour. I'll wrap your show. I'll come from games over the summer. All right, great. I'm college, so I think you're very funny and entertaining. I don't know all these people are talking about your show's perfect. You know, you don't have it in OJP, do you? Who's in here, interning with us? Who also goes to you of FFU? What's your name? What do you say? I said, so how was it up there? I love it. Yeah. It's fine. But the other color said maybe too many commercials on the station, otherwise. Too many spots to tell her. But otherwise, you know, you're doing a great job and you guys are good work. And don't forget, can't beat that Gator Meat. Have a great day, pal. Yeah, well, if I were to head time, I would have killed the thing up and I would have had, you know, it has more meaning when Jennifer says it in her surgery tone. Can beat that Gator Meat. That's what I was told. 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I think you can improve the show by you retiring and let George Taylor. Great. Okay, so we can talk to you 20 times today. Right. George just said, thanks. Yeah, that's what you're buddies who, yeah, you think is, you know, you're ease up on him if, uh, maybe verse psychology. Uh-huh. 560, 560. Well, I mean, I'm loaded anyway. I just come in. I was told here in the last few minutes that I got so much money. I could retire anytime I want. I just become in because I like it so much, you know. I have. I'll tell you, he ought to have his own show. He's got a better sense of humor than we got. That's the greatest line I ever heard in my life. I mean, how could a guy that goes to Vegas and lose $2700, not have millions of dollars stored away in the beam of retire? Right. I come in every day because I love it. I couldn't possibly live those seven months that I got paid off by Bud Packion. Not to work. That was agony. Every day I woke up and I said, yeah. Whenever I felt like it, that's right. Most of the time, not around here, by the way, during those seven months, I would say conservatively that five of those seven months I was in town. Five trips to Europe, two trips to Vegas, all over the goddamn world. Haven't a time of my life, but no, I just missed it so much. I was a die to be here. So I could come on here every day and go, eeeeh. Yeah. 560, 560, pound, five60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and a lot of you. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I knew a long time listening at first time, call or go to the radio. I'm very well, how about yourself? I'm okay. Well, you saw on the lap that it had an okay today. And I think that's why I listened to it and listen to you when you're better than okay. I got to tell you though, I have no problem with the first team, but I had a listen to you. I love your show. Two o'clock comes around when Hank's on radio goes off. Really? I would rather I hate the soaps. I'd rather go home and watch soaps on. The guy is just a very obnoxious human being. I think that this listeners would kind of think that we're hearing that out loud. Yeah. Oh, that was Hank saying. What an embarrassment. Yeah. I mean, the guy when someone doesn't agree with what he has to say, he even though the point is well made and he can be will hang up on you. I'm not calling, but show is boring. Yeah. He's boring. He sounds like a very unhappy human being when he talks on the radio. Does he? He does. Okay. You don't use sound like. I'm not. I've never been as happy in my life as I am right now. I've been. I'd rather listen to Rimmer to a clock. Oh, my. Oh, geez. There's a show. Oh, geez. Put that on tape. Save that. Okay. Okay. Well, it's a good thing he hangs up there in New York because if he ever heard that, that would be the ultimate. Stop for Jesus right there. He'd rather listen to Rimmer. That is. That's bad. Twenty two before one is five sixty WQM. I don't have a lay down on my tongue. I'm just I'm speechless. Did you have you heard him do his list? His list is list. No. Do it for George and you're okay. George, I do a great list. You have no idea. I don't have to turn about those humans. Okay. Okay. Five six seven. Five sixty. Palm five sixty. Unimult. And by the way, you know, that picture he keeps showing you. That's a sister. Okay. Where we going? Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hi. Well, Brian Craig, bed, Mount Deed, sorrowfully. Brian, pray. Who we can? We speak. Oh, I want to talk about that little child. Is Lord off that little baby. I'm talking about Christians. Yeah. Yeah. He had terrible things to say about that. Well, isn't that great? I'm delighted. They must be really desperate. Okay. And of course, if you must be the one listening. Well, maybe. Could be. I also want to say that George has a marvel with voice for radio. Yes, he does. And if I'm going to keep working on it, maybe I can get just as good. Okay. See you. Okay. Brian, a big kiss for us. Okay. Speaking of a little, little, little, terrible. I guess there must really be desperate on the station. And we don't even know the call. I guess of. And guess what, you know, this trend that just came out to they show up in here at all. No. Nice gone, Steve. Oh. Keep sucking those free spots on there, baby. Keep sucking up those free spots. All of free meals you can get because god only knows we all need to eat. God live in some hot. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, eight, five. See what I mean? Nobody listens to that crap anymore. Except the, uh, older than dead. She was a nice lady. This woman, but she's 125 in the shade. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. How you doing? Great. He leaves me for last. Like always. I said, I'm for West Palm Beach. I call it it's your, uh, a aerospace guy. Yeah. I mean, he left you for last of one. Well, like all about 20 minutes ago. 10 minutes. 10 minutes. 10. But you are last. You're right about that. I'm looking at the other ones. You are land. I think George H. Well, he don't like your estimate. What do you expect? Yeah. You don't care. I'm not going to tell us. Yeah. But in the meantime, you're looking all your time. How can a panic about him? Let's talk about us. Well, anyway, man. I almost went off the wall over there when nice. I heard you in fat. I wasn't having that. I'm about to go. Yeah. Man, you come in loud, clear over there. Oh, my, blah, blah, blah, blah. Great. I was in the malle col. I'm in my cone. I'm in my cone. That's the drive right along the ocean. Is that the name of the drive, my de-quand drive? Well, malle col. Oh, malle col. Yeah. Malle col. You don't know what I've had. If he's holding that up. Okay. I was driving down and I heard you there. I was wearing it to water. I said, man, this is a simple comes in so clear. Okay. Let me say it again for all our friends in Havana. Pinos. Great. But I was like, that was a little like that. But that'll offer. I was in the heart. Yeah, I was in. I was in Havana, the Riviera. Stay in the Riviera. Yeah. And I was driving to old Havana. And you've seen those still so clear. How do you like that? All the way. If I could just get our arbitrage in Havana, we'd be number one half. We'd put that radio, Mandeita shame. Anyway, I brought back some of the real Cuban listening. The ones in Cuba, not just about your banana boat people. I mean, you come and clear all the way all the way into the hills, the city. Wow. Driving all over. I'm getting sexual excitement just thinking about that. Correct. Of the rainy white people in Cuba, I may be even more excited. But, you know, you know, all of it's done that. All of it. All of the ladies are Robin, the land like crazy. Oh, yeah, all the frogs are down there too. Like I said, I'll visit this rag. They just bought a $3 million piece property over there. Up in the West End and there we revamped in the hotels. They're taking over everything in the Canadians. They're in the Germans. Yeah. Anyway, I brought back some cigars. I brought back the, I mean, it does the, Romeo and Juliets. Yeah. And we'll back those. And I sold them for a good price here West Palm Beach. You have a great. It'll stock broke. It's up here. Eat them up. You can see how they don't get them up here. Good. That's good. They're screwing everybody else. You might as well get there. Yeah. I, yeah. I, I made my, my money from the trip. Uh, you know, so you don't, uh, you know, small kid. You know, I don't. I smoke all my stuff free from Nixon. They're better than that expenses. Okay. Believe me. Anyway, yeah. I'm real, I'm real, I'm real Tuesday, but what I put in my mouth. So anyway, uh, let me ask you about this KY2 jelly thing. I mean, what is KY? KY2 jelly? KY2 jelly. Yeah. Yeah. If your computer chip goes bad on the, on the New Year's Eve, you're going to have real, hard problems. The only reason that this whole thing come about is because they were so greedy. They didn't want to put the right amount of things in the computers to begin with. If people don't know that. Well, I don't have any. I don't know. That's necessarily true. I just don't think that they overlooked it in the beginning. No, they said they didn't have any room in the mainframes or wherever when they were making these things. Yeah. They would, they would need more room. Yeah. So that's why this whole thing came about. Okay. Well, whatever. I'm not going to lose any sleep over. You're not going to do anything. You're not going to hold water or nothing. You're not going to. I'm, I'm hoarding it right now. Have a great day, pal. George says, I love him kisses. You know, that lunch I had was delicious, but I think it's starting to work. It's way through real quick. I can't it's only like 12 minutes still long. I think I could have a real serious problem here for the first time in a long time. You know, I'm talking about, yeah, that kind of a problem. Huh? That kind. 560, 150, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. I don't buy great. Listen, my line up is, I think you should put George on the morning drive. Yeah. You stay 10 to 2. And put Mad Dog on for the rest of the day. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's for the right today like from Tudon at night. Well, yeah, that's why I'm because I clock out at 6 o'clock. Okay. But when he comes to George, his talent is being wasted on the other side of that glass. That's right. He does have an absolute grasp on the English language. His, his, his, his, his, his vocabulary is exemplary. Huh? And his, uh, his verb is just perfect. Verbage. Well, he speaks proper grammar. Huh? I think I think the guy should be on the internet. I think he sure is how beats the crap out of that morning thing we got. You know, absolutely. Well, I'll do respect to default. Well, I, I'm not in this part of the tic tac in the morning. I don't give it down. Who are you talking about? Exactly. But you could be the more I'm working on the paper, you know? I'm not sure about it. I'm a setting foot free contend in the body and on the thing. And then you're right. That's how I feel. And I think George is just, he's great. He's great. I'm talking to George for grooming him for his own show. In fact, his replacement is, uh, his producer this show is sitting next to him right now. So he better groom real fast. Well, get him going. And that dog in the afternoon, he's like, I like hammer too. Yeah. But mad dog is one in the bidding, you know? He is. Nobody else could be as sick as he is in the getaway with it. He's great. You know, I heard, uh, this was back a couple weeks ago when I just killed G made some changes with his skin. I mean, we got. Yeah. And somebody had called up Hank and accused mad dog of, you know, cow-towing down and not giving his true opinions on, you know, sports in general. And the hammer went nuts. He said, I can tell you straight out. Mad dog would punch your teeth out because there's integrity is so intact. There you go. He believes in what he says and management. And if you're sick, I would know because Hank had just come back from the dentist, the ability to make that come. Hey, you know, he's there. You got it. Yeah, that's where I stand and, uh, I'll go for George. Okay. And if you can get the farmer's front, I'd really love it. Got it. I can go. I have a great, uh, and back to you and check it by already because I have an A real problem. I am that lunches like working its way back through me, man. Big time. JP says he'll do the show. He'll cover well. Okay. He'll cover what the door. He'll, he'll sit in for you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, 5, 60. By the way, where's my pneumatic drill? Was that my, was that what you were really raising that cash for? To buy me my pneumatic drill? Is my ratings good for life rating book? So what are we going to play here that I'm going to go and take a, uh, I am. I got a tune. Huh? It's play a song. You want to play a bit? Oh, I know what I, I know. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure if you've got a maduran. I'm not sure if you've got a maduran. I'm afraid you may get a job here. I don't need a business, you know, part of me. I don't know if you've got a new name, I don't know if you've got a new name. کرbedo get him a free calm. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Can't believe it. Iork my pain. Oh, yeah. Wait, oh means, sandwich no, She understood, with the two Damnit. F parlours. Picture a crack, crack,roublar, huge LOLm I can't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. Yes, it's the platform that makes this easy. I dont believe it. You're like a baby. Hey. So you're back. Yeah, I'm back. 1254 at 560 WQM and as a matter of fact, I would have been back a lot sooner. I was thinking about what you were saying. I was on the way to the airport. I'm Friday and heard you talking about my expertise. And that's why that once never again. Oh yeah. Actually, I would have been back a lot sooner only. I thought I was all done. I got up and now I don't think so. Maybe a few more seconds here just to complete the job. You know, I'm talking about I think you do. 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one line. At least at least here it's like right down the hall. Unlike the old IOD, where you had to go all the way downstairs and oh my god, up three hills and over the amount in the grandma's house. That was incredible. And then if you ride a dime, you really had a problem. Here's a Pembroke pine. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neo, I have a question for you. Yes. All these people calling and saying how bad your show is. Why do they waste your time? I mean, obviously they listen to- Well, how many people have called and said the show is bad? I mean, the last guy said the George or not last guy. A couple guys go says the George to take out and then you should be fine. That's one of those little Julios, one of those little cronics that's just a caller calls every day. So his boyfriend's getting his voice on the ear. A lot of he's squeezing it. You know, they all get off on that or something. Yes, they get each other off on it right. We got a whole ring of those. Don't you aren't you aware that's you? Oh, yes, I am. We've got to ring a chronic Julios not a colonist. It's like some kind of disease or something. Right. Neo Rogers disease, they got it. Well, thank you. I'm the pivot man for their little circle jerk. Oh, I hope you're enjoying it. I'm having a great time. Well, I just want to say that you're doing excellent job and keep up the bill. God bless you sir. Thank you. That's right. If you don't like it, what do you listen for? Of course, mostly we're talking about the rest of the station day because it's easy to take shots at them. What's wrong with that? No, seriously, if you want to take a shot at the show, me my guess. You want to tell me that we're talking to much hockey on a show too much penis talk. 5.6.0. 5.60. Of course, I haven't seen John penis lately because we need some copy for a couple of those accounts. But there's a good guy taking a John penis. I worry about him a lot. I mean, he does have a wife and kids and all that. Then we've actually met them. Not just pictures. We've met them in person, but I wonder about him. He's always stealing my back street boy CDs and was really scouring through the amicroning and pitch catalog yesterday. I don't want to tell you which picture he was looking at with. Thank you. My name is Hien. My name is Hien. My name is Hien. My name is Hien. My name is Hien. Hey, but it's a one to two hour. There was no farmer who lived on here. I said in the middle just a thing is said that some boys who were down by the prick. There being no water there hands on their marbles and glazing, then at half past four. There people young ladies, she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruggles and leaps. And white fluffy dark. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you in later from yesterday's hunt. One girl in the middle was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the duck. He looked like a man with a size of a hole in the country with a big fence out front. If he had to phone like they she showed him her little bet doll who was subject to fit. And maybe she left him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick. And then she bent over and sucked out his candy so tasty made of butter scotch. And then he spread with cream all over her coaties that she had left out on her shelf. If they existed, he's you can go to yourself. One, oh, three, five, sixty, WQAM. A guy Jim Mandage coming along for a headgober to do the end again tomorrow. He's taken a whipping a beating a pummeling by this audience today. They have no rough on us, but they're just the repetitive pieces. Speaking of a beating, a 47 year old Catholic priest has been charged with satimizing a 21 year old man at night point. One quartet who police identified as a Byzantine Catholic Church priest was taken to the custody at 6.30 pm Tuesday. This home in the rampart area of Los Angeles, please say a allegedly attacked a victim after inviting to his home to spend the night. The victim told he texted us he had recently arrived in the United States from Colombia and all yeah, of course. And was befriended by Courier, who offered him a place to stay because he had little money. Police said while entertaining the victim, Courier pulled out a knife and forced him to engage in at least four acts of satiming. Not one, not one, oh not those, not trace, but Quattro for access out of me. The alleged attack happened at his apartment on an Alvarado Boulevard, officer Jason Lee told the news a B.B. The victim finally broke away went to an area hospital for treatment. Courier has been charged with rape at his being held in Los Angeles County jail on $200,000 bail. All right, proving like we've always said, people faction in the church. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's just a rumor by those awful atheist bastards. Here's Fort Latterdale. Hello. Yes sir. How come you got the radio on your loud name? Oh, like that. Turn that stupid radio down. You jacked a mail. You in the so yes. I just gave him, why is this? I got him just came from red to bar. Why have come the owner? Well, why is the owner not in the, he's named it not red. Yeah. 567, but I bet your rectum is 560 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And you know who that is? That's the same guy with a bridge then. Do you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, that's the one. Here's Fort Latterdale. Hello. I love your show man. Uh-huh. How long you been working on it? You take two or three pounds of motion. You're about to get this accent. I'll send though. I love the show every morning on this and show show. Uh-huh. And what thing, um, I was just, what about your digits in your record? Excuse me? I should have a great day. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Another one of your board friends. Here's a mobile intro beat, Chelo. Hello? Yes, sir. I'm coming in. I'm coming to Hank's defense. Okay, go ahead. It's about time. All these listeners. I'm actually in Hank on mercifully today. All these listeners. They would ever they want about him. But the bottom line is that he is the greatest case in escort. So I've ever seen him in my life. Right. And that is the bottom line. Maybe one eye understand. Maybe a nine hour. Maybe a nine hour. Maybe it's jealousy. You think that could be it? Well, you know, I don't know if it's jealousy, but I'm friends with his mad and fuzz. And so, you know, I know a little bit about it. But he does have impeccable case. Yeah. Absolutely 100%. Okay. Love your show. I'm buying that. And he's buying it too. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT. Well, he makes no bones about that. And why should he? What's wrong with that? What's wrong with paying for it if it's good? Of course I'm just good if I'm free. When you get it for free, why should you pay for it? Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Neil, how are you? Great. I've been a longtime listener. And I really like what you do there. Because I think you're only going to have the ball. I'd tell it like it is. But I'm calling for the first time because I'm going to critique one item of your show. Right ahead. You're extremely entertaining. And when you get going, you sometimes get callers that come in. And disagree with you. And that's when it's really entertaining. And I think you hang up on them too quick. Yeah. And they just wanted to get your take on that. Why do you take on it? Yeah. Why do you do that? I don't hang up on anybody unless number one, their obnoxious and want to abuse me, which I don't take any crap from anybody. Or number two if they're just assholes. I mean, you know, I don't mind having a, in fact, I enjoy the people of this degree. If you could have a conversation with them. Well, they say something that's patently ridiculous. Like, she took a bullet for Jesus. I mean, how much debate can I have with that? What is there to do with a caller like that? No, that's ridiculous. I'm not like people in put them in a rubber room somewhere. The guy would have butterfly med. Okay, so what I'm not like that. I'm very reasonable. Again, I like what you do. But if you agree that sometimes you hang up a little too early on callers that this is no, no, you don't agree with that. No, maybe I'll keep our closer with tab on it. Okay, I appreciate that. I'll give my timer out. All right, take it easy. Okay, see you. So I'm willing to listen to all stuff today. Of course, after today, that's the end of that. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless one. Isn't this beautiful? Having an emotional ceremony here. Corey Sabin is here to say goodbye. We love the way to go. Oh, yes, we do. Even though you're a bald head, did you? Not yet. Oh, you're getting there. You're right though, from the front nobody can tell. Don't tell anybody they just got a bald spot in the back. Okay. Yeah, we'll stay away from his behind, okay? I try to get Charles off here. It, you know, support me, but we'll work on it. Yeah. Not happy. So this is Corey Sabin's last day at WQA. In the last time he'll be sitting in there from 2 to 2. 20, trying to find out where the hell Hank is. Who's taking a brutal beating, by the way, from the audience today. I think it's because he's left you hanging in the lyrts all at time. You know, I'm not, I'm not going to try. Go ahead and defend the great. I'm ready to use the terrific. You get you late all the time. Sure, some of those as even it doesn't matter what you say anymore. Go ahead and try your way. So go ahead and tell them what happened to air just came back on by the way. It's miracle. Could you feel it? No. So this is the Garzbole guys. I appreciate it. Now where did we get those cigars? They're those from the next. Yeah. Oh, I got those at next because now you know they're really going to be good. Yes, I will have a big guy before you leave. Yes, you may. Talk about it. No, you know what? Everybody, you know what? It's funny. It's when I'm out in public sometimes people come over and they're like, oh, your, your Corey Sabin, Hank, always trashes you. You're the guy. And I'm like, you know what? We have a good relationship. He's a nice guy and tie up being asked that question. People say that to me and he's a super guy. And he's really off the air. He's totally different than he is on the air with Joe and Plantation. Just a radio show. Just a radio show. Just a free can radio show. That's what I've been trying to tell. And he still think I'm an asshole. What if the, you know? So anyway. Is that that's all you're doing? That's it. I don't know. I just thought this was a setup for something big. He'd bring him a nice box in cigars, which is very nice. There has to be something more coming in this. Well, there's going to be the gay sex later on after the show. Yeah. And the black penis, too, and I'll forget about that. That'll go over bigger four mires by the way. That'll go over a very big four mires with those old ladies since we know you're like a mold. And I'm going to miss George showing me the pictures during my updates. Yeah. You know, maybe you can come to Fort Myers and show those to me before I get on the air. No, you're not really taking that away from us. No, I'm going to touch it actually. If he goes for weeks when. For a communication night, the rumor is that that has to stay in the building. I don't want to say who's orphaned. He's such a lot. Yeah, I know this has been touched a lot. That's why it's wobbling. I'll move it around by itself. It is sticky. So, Corey Sabin's going to be on channel four news in Fort Myers. You're not aware of it, I guess. Have you been over there? Yes, that was over there Sunday. But I mean, did you turn on the radio station on 770? Yes, I did. And you noticed that if you stay within about a five mile radius, it comes in loud and clear. It comes in great. You'll feel like right at home. It comes in great. I hear everybody has listening to a gene and half on Sunday over in Fort Myers. Yeah. What is that? That's. Yeah. So we can show you. Yeah, it's. It's. It's. It's. It's. Yeah. You're going to do it. You understand. You're going to learn to pick your nose on here. Even though you're going to be on camera on TV. You take to that. You know, come on like this. I'm Corey Sabin. Like with just a little figure in your right nostril at the beginning. They'll be caught in you right away. I've got to say I can't drive around and pick my nose anymore. I mean, now people recognize me. Yeah, sure. I'm glad you mentioned that because, on the way home, if you do, I do clean my nose out thoroughly. And every now and then, I look over in the left hand and they're looking at me. I think Jesus, that's embarrassing when they know who you are. It is. You're anonymous too. There's nothing like anonymity. This is true. Now that you're going to be on television, you're losing your anonymity forever. This is true. No longer can I go to the supermarket and buy a bottle of wine and just go home and drink my wine and want to be legendary and for it, my ears. Oh, make no mistake about it. That's incredible to me. Incredible. Yeah. Okay. Good luck, Corey. And don't smoke a lot one play. No, let me give you a hand. And take this cigar. Leave the penis. Yeah, definitely leave. Okay, Corey Sabin's on his way. Isn't that something? Let's hear it for somebody that's getting out of the door. Here's for Corey. He's like, oh, no. We're looking for a Myers in a real market. Give somebody from this dead ass place. And just in time, two by the way. I don't want to talk about these precipitously bad ratings, but he must have been at a permanent and no one were going on the tank. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. What did you actually, he could like one of those up in here. What are they going to do? Here's a mobile and four-later deal. Hello. Yeah, yeah, how are you doing? Pretty good, sir. I was, I had something to say about Hank. I was going right ahead. I was at the track, you know, a couple months ago, Gulfstream. And he was nice enough to take a picture with my friend and I, me and Andy Rossman. And I called up, Hank yesterday. Right. And I wanted to send him the picture because it was at a time when he was probably heavier than he is now. Right. And it would make for good comparison. Yeah, he lost a lot of weight, right? Yeah, he lost a lot of weight. He lost a lot of weight. I thought he'd like it. And he made some, you know, wise ass comments to me. And it just, you know, confirmed my suspicion that he just an old, bitter, jealous, unmitigated conversation. Yeah. And his arrogance, especially the poor Saul and Tamara, a Canadian year old man who probably hung on for 30 minutes to get one word in with Hank who's probably like an idle to him because Hank's kind of up there and in his age category. And remember all those kind of old things that Hank knows about from when his dad was a sports writer. Oh, that's stuff. And Hank hung up on the guy and probably gave the guy nearly a heart attack and scoffed that. I'm just merely dismissed him like his point was absolutely meaningless because if this guy doesn't make his question so narrowly tailored and perfectly stated like he's some ESPN correspondent, that unmitigated pompous ass hangs right up on him. That's incredible to me. Incredible. Yeah. Okay. I got you down and Hank says, for you. Five six, what are just hostile with a hammer? You know, that's how it is. They're fickle. They come and they go, I guess if he gave him a good tip of the track. They'd, oh, he's the best. You know, five six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the 18 T line. Look at this. Oh, this is a big predominant reserve. What, which ones are these? What number do you want to go into the box? No, I understand. But this is a big one. He's not the little predominant reserve. So there are other things that he's been doing with the game. Yeah, that's the next. These are like, double X. The triple X, whatever these are. Wow. Oh, he gave you one, too. You don't have too many of them, away, Corey. Okay, we spend an arm in five legs on these. I thought there was going to be something more than that. I mean, that was I was stalling for time. Like waiting for the, you're doing something to distract him. So we could get the, you know, the package on the front of him. Uh, get the package on. I thought the package was getting out in front of me. But I noticed it's gone. Here is the soft beach, hello. Miami, you know, like five, six times a year. And you know, you know, you're so much better than how it's turned. And I'm a son. I mean, I don't know why I know he's a dead man in the chair. So it's a good thing. It ought to be better than I am. He's so burned out. I mean, he should take him on the ground and put you in his pocket. I'm going to tell you if his brother Fred ever sold that ranch and, you know, and they didn't have that to talk about. I don't know what he would talk about exactly. I'm sitting there with a channel surfing every morning of my life. And I stopped on MSNBC for like 20 seconds. And you know, here's Fred on the phone from the ranch. And I'm thinking to myself, well, who the hell cares about this? And evidently, a lot of people must. I don't know why. I don't know why you get on MSNBC when he used to be funny when he was great. Yeah. I mean, you guys feel burned down now. Yeah. I need to go out and enjoy his brother and Arizona. I co-stasure it though that the more burnt out, you're the more money you're making. Yeah. Hey, Indian, remember that thing you used to play in January about lotion in the basket? Right. Can you play that? Yes. I can go funny. God bless. I'll talk to you next time I'm down. Okay. Bye give a honest kiss for it. I know steel cold lips. Well, I'm a show. He's making millions and millions and millions and then he still looks like a dead man. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Why will slide if you tune in late today? You missed the bad news about the QAM ratings that went in a little crapper. This is the last trend. I realized it's only the month of April. It's February, March and April. But it was a disaster month. It was a precipitously horrendous growth test month. The month was so bad that Bluffling's your program director had a he had a refund of $200 to Greg Reed for the employer the month awards he got last month to the great rating book that we just had. The record ready for breaking ratings because these were so bad. I mean, they were so bad like you couldn't believe how bad. A gigantic precipitously dropped and the guy was right. One guy before the snowbirds are all gone. My crowd half of them take off. You don't see him again to lock to over at the earliest. Maybe no member. And if I dare mention the H word, but hockey season rolls around again, that's my crowd. Those people will be back. I see Matthew Macarina. Those are my people. You know the ones that were going in the morning. And talking to each other on their cell phones. That's my crowd. Here's a Westchester. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay, can you hear me? Hello. There you go. Okay. Long time first time. Goi and Julio here in Westchester. All right. Anyways, I haven't listened to the show today, but I like, you know, I would see I heard it like it's like day week or in an indizzy world. And the Christians wanted to like put a show like the caller would he back. Like call the case back. I was just wondering like call them back. Well, yeah, I don't know. This is like the report. Like, you know, like trying to like get the case to come back to the, you know, King of the Mofias. I was the match. And you know how to pull it for Christ. Exactly. I was thinking like, what are they going to have like a man in a woman having sex and I go, come back to the show. They were not just missionary position anymore. Right. Or something. I would like, I think they can have like a big fist is their side. I just thought about having times. But no, that was basically I mean, if you've heard of that or saw, I would be hurt whatever. No, I don't listen to I would be because you know how I feel about that. W I do. Oh, I hate that. Yeah. Well, anyways, keep up. You're living your doing and can I call a person to be back. Right. I had to hear you like. For an endo of mirrors, big Arctic. You're a big Arctic. You're a big Arctic. All right. Thanks. See you pal. See you pal. Hey, by the way, speaking of pal. You haven't seen him today. Thank God. That's why I'm in such a good mood. You know, I'm talking about five, six, seven, oh, five, six, you the one with the fat kids and pound five, 60 on the AT&T, where I'll slide. I think that's a real good topic. But I know a lot of you are too embarrassed to ever talk about that. Parents that let their kids get real fat. And I'm sure you've noticed that fat people have fat kids. I mean, that's a generalization. There are some exceptions, but generally speaking, when there's tons of food being eaten in the house, the kids are sharing. Everybody sitting just show her a little rush, shoveling it down, round a clock. And I think that those people ought to be immediately sterilized. I mean, better now than later, so they can't reproduce anymore and make any more fat kids who are going to be miserable and sick and disease than the hate themselves and not be able to look at themselves naked in the mirror. Yeah, Corey Saben's going to for it. Myers and we have a call in four Myers. They can't wait for him. Hello. I know. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You got a good show. It's a terrific show. I enjoy listening to it every day. The best thing going in four Myers on tell you that. It is. Next to that stupis rush down. No, the stupis from me on that kid. I have a couple of comments and questions. Yes, sir. Firstly, on the girl who took the bullet for Jesus. Yes. Good nice. So I think that they would the guy who killed her or the girl herself, but has everything to do with the way with some of these Christian jerks using the most tragic events. Right. To draw ridiculous conclusions. Absolutely correct, sir. Second, you a lot of time ago, you were talking about beautiful men. Did you have Montgomery Quest on that list? Uh, somebody mentioned him, yeah. How about the young, um, who's the English actor, the grading the actor, became a Lord and died? Jack Lord. No, no, you know, the class you've heard. When he was, uh, a very interesting, very interesting. When he was a, uh, he was a, uh, a, he was also a, you know, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, maybe that's why he was so pretty. I don't, I'm not that old, I can't remember what he was young. The new Lord's Olivia was always old. Some of the young pictures of him in the 30s, somebody. So he's a beautiful guy. Uh-huh. I'm going to be going to Vegas in a couple of weeks and he can be a couple of good restaurants. Try Emorals. Emorals in the MGM, Emorals. Good. Yeah. So you're doing a Baruch Chris? No, and Ruth's Chris, that was going to be number two. Okay. There's two of them in town. Once even open for lunch by the way, the one I think I'm so here, it's open for lunch. Good. So Emorals and Ruth Chris, if you ate it by chance, you wouldn't get lucky. It would like $2,700. You're welcome. Amber, have a good time. Okay. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T while a slime. We're moving along, touching our brains out here today. What's wrong with losing a little bit of money? What's wrong with two, three grand among friends? Of course, somebody told me I could have spent that $2,700 better stayed in town had a better time with it. Here's uh, Miami. Hello. Okay. Great. Yeah. See, I actually have like 10, 15 million sitting in the bank. And I just come in every day because I love this. I love these people. You know, I come in because I'm anxious to talk to retards 24 hours a day of my life. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T while a slime. But on the 10th and the 25th boy, that's what it becomes really well worthwhile. Here's the lady in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hey Neil, how you doing? Great. One time let's near for some color. All right. Come on about your lineup. I listen to you. You're great. You're awesome. So, it's entertaining. We keep you last in all morning. But there's really nothing else on the station that I listen to. I know the days when you work with still Henry at IOD and you know, it was real entertaining then. There's only one other guy I listen to. And um, he's on a different station. Who's the lady? Bone in the afternoon on 1580. Bone in the afternoon? Yeah. On 1580. Yeah. He's entertaining. He's fun to listen to. He keeps me last in the afternoon. I mean, there's nothing else in the afternoon. Uh huh. Circle. Uh huh. Well, that was not there wrong with a little bone in the afternoon. That's where I always should. Yeah, same Steve Bone. Okay. Thanks for the good news. And thanks for the feedback for the bone man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. And of course, when you work at WSRF, that's generally what you get is the big bone. 26 past one is 5, 60, qm on the right. Oh, I've been here. I've been here. I've been here. better be right now. Well, you're just way the level gives you. Oh, that was stupid, I'm just gonna get into this. Oh, she's a little bit of a... I'm just gonna be able to see what happens when I'm in the foot. There you go. Stop! You're a cop! Peanut butter and jelly. Okay, 131 at 5.60, WQA, I'm 5.67, 0.5.60, I'm 5.60, on the AT&T Wireless Line. I know that the rating, the drop into ratings, was a very traumatic experience, but we are gonna have to have an investigation and see who did real aglorical in our install out there. I forgot to mention that when I came back from my experience. Here's a call from Denver, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Okay. I missed you guys down there, man. There's no talk radio here in Denver, Colorado. Yeah. But, you know what? I thought the floor had the worst drivers. I take that back. Really? Denver is the worst drivers in the world. Worst in here? Worst in here? Just out in traffic out here, then I didn't floor it out. It's probably that higher. You know, down here, they're all high in something else, but maybe it's just an actual air out there that does it. They're all high out here, they drive in this like, they're in La La Land. They're like, okay, they'll go to the mountain. But I'm interested in your audio net. Yeah. And it's good. I got the week off, so I was in the new all week. Wait, excellent. Okay, I do a call from the police back. Go right ahead, pal. Re-floor parts department. And whatever you do by the way, don't take a bullet for Christ. Not out here. Okay, hang in there. Come on, y'all. Call from Denver, no, let's try to hear like that. I love it. And Denver, like I told you that they love us out of town in town. Love you know, it's old and stale, but out of town. They love me. By the way, we didn't mention on here that in Corsia, Ben's Boxes, a guy who put something extra, which I don't want to mention was in there. From our good, you're making friends here across the street. G-E-E-Rissie Street, G-Friends, There's a lot of music. There's a lot of music. There's a lot of music. All right. I'm going to tell you something. If they're, you know, we're in the middle of a little bit of a Jamaican. I just got a great programming idea because no one how cheap these bags to their, they won't get us any TV spots of any billboard, they need real promotion. Some of them will do. We'll compete with the FM. They're giving away money. Look at the way free weed. Oh, that. We'll be number one, 18 to 34 by the end of June. I guarantee you that right now. We'll just get a big ad in both of those papers. Free weed for everybody. I mean, don't smoke it as you get to the law. But we got it here, okay. What you do after you leave the building, that's up to you. Jason just came in and raised his hand. Oh, we already has some. Okay. Hey, he's been hanging around in the hood. Yeah. You know, he's where to find it. One of the benefits of being, there's like several benefits of being in this neighborhood. One is our good friend Chuck over to Subcenter and two is all our good Jamaican friends. Yeah. I know what the good stuff is. They roll them up in the hero every morning. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. First I just want to say that all high school wrestlers and all high school wrestling coaches are Faggotts. This sounds like somebody I know. Well, we don't know each other yet. Okay. I want to warn you, sir, that guy that brings you stats or the Panther games. Uh-huh. That guy's a loony. Really? Be careful, man. That guy's a whack. When he starts to, you know, he starts giving you stats and you just stay away from them. Okay. And Matt calls someone to do something. And I think he might know Remor II, so he's probably real dangerous. Matt calls him going to do Speck. Go ahead. John Roberts, you're a douchebag. Okay, pal. 560, 50560. It's thin and out here, which is really a very disappointing. So we got really the answers today. We were looking for a real meat and potato syrup. And all they've done is rip fat hank. They ripped him and asked. They ripped him from stem to. Correct. Wow. And listen, you know, I like hank, but I mean, it's a free country. That's why I'm here to do today is take a little survey and find out what the problem is while everybody's crap and out. I think it's that format. I think when you're running like 9 minutes breaks over and over again, of course, since the sales department runs a radio station, well, you'll never guess who I ran in the hall when I went to take a, wow, appropriately enough, by the way, great. Perry. I haven't seen our news, one of our 25 sales managers, I haven't seen him in months and ages in a couponsage, if I can say that. Can I say that? No, I haven't seen him in a couponsage. You know, I said, hey, right. Yeah, like he just barely remembers who I am. See, maybe that's one of the reasons that our sales thing is like, so totally out of control right now because he's a nice guy, but does anybody have any respect for him or a penny attention to what he says? No. And I think you discovered that about the second or third day that he would have no backing for management. And no matter what he said to any of these people, they would just go, you like that, you know, like tutoring off into the, it would work. And so he's like another very important guy around this place, kind of like our RPG, good guy, but totally infinite in his little tiny office in there. Or, seriously, it's depressing to me. You walk by. It's like, it's like somebody is trying to give him a message. Do you know what I mean? By putting him in a little tiny room at a little tiny desk and making him feel small and tiny. Now, although that fact's we got before said, just the opposite. Here's a mobile in a pariah in, hello. Yes, sir. First time calling a long time, listen. I thought this was a bad one. Back when Rick and Cess said, I got you down. Right. Was that Rick and Cess said that? Yeah, I think so. I think the Rick and Cess said, anyway, you're the greatest. If you're given out marijuana, I'm the first one in line to you. All right. The second of all, I think we want to make big signs of this, smoke or joy for Jesus. Excellent. I like that. That's going to be our, that's going to be our, that's going to be our, that's going to be our on a license plate next year. Here you go. Thunder Roach for God. Burn a burn a number for God. There you go. Later, I mean, you're the best. All right. Burn a bag for God. Oh, sorry. That's a good idea. Take a hit for Jesus. Take a hit for Jesus. All right. Take a hit for Jesus. Five or like I did, take a, sometimes sounds like hit for Jesus. The line is forming outside the door for the free. And they're all lined up for the free weed by the way out here. Yeah. And wouldn't you know, that he'd have his yellow head in the door for a long while. Yeah. By the way, do you get your book Tommy? Yeah, I think he did. Well, I was going to excuse for me to get back in there. I'm going to see him anyway. 567. 560. Pound five. Handless. And I'm not shy about it. You know, I mean, that's the way it is. 560. 560. Pound five 60. On the AT&T. Why the slide? All I want to know is if I looked at good, but I'm standing home looking in the mirror all day, squeezing myself. I think I probably would. That's what I would do. I'll just stand there and stare in the mirror and squeeze it all day. And I'll get myself forward up. Of course, when you look like me, you avoid the mirror at all costs like Dracula. Just walk by real quick. Especially if you hop out of the shower. Oh, geez. Yeah. Here's a lady mobile in Miami Lake. Hello. Hello. Hi, man. How are you doing? I'm listening. Also. Great. Actually, what I'm calling about today was I'm even following on the news that House of Philip and Hialia. The one? The House of Philip. No, no. There's the daughter of the ambassador or whatever council general of Mexico, the retired one, who was living in a house with three children. She got arrested on Tuesday. She's on welfare, Medicaid, food stamps, social security, disability, everything else. She was Mexican. She's Mexican-Cubin. Oh, Mexican-Cubin. Yeah, her father was the council general of Mexico to Miami. Yeah, but she's got a little Cuban inner. Yeah, her mother's Cuban. Right. And the living is over a foot of Philip in the house. There's field racks, there's 20 cats, there's maggots, yeah. The main manager, major, main employee going. But the worst part of this entire case is that HRSA has been out there 12 times in the last 14 months. Yeah. But because she comes from some sort of money, lives in 190,000 a home, it's okay to live by that. Right. I can tell you doesn't get on HRSA's case and follow through and see, you know, I understand they fired me to block or are not being able to do a job. When does the buck stop here and somebody starts to do their job? Why, what are you going to do your job? In a victim's Mexican humans from our midst. These guerrillas in our midst. These wages mothers are living up here in my tax money. Right. Work for? Amen. Yeah, let's get them off. I'm going to get on it right away. Soon as I leave here, I'm getting right on it. I'm sure I can just put them off. I'm already. I'm going to follow my not tools. Right to it. Okay. Thanks, my heart. Bye-bye. He sounded depressed like it. Did you really expect I was going to do something about it? Okay. Okay, I'll get right on it honey. We'll get our big bass staff here at QA and right on. Okay, our big staff of Amplidzman. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th, he will have a smile. You want to know what it is, but it's moving. Are you? Are you? I'm Aaron Schummer. Do you know what you got me talking on the passion phone? Tell me the story about how you got flown. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Yeah. Oh, oh. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. All right. The lines were jammed up. Yeah, there is an adjoin. Call up and film me what is all about. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Here on this show there's a new topic each night. Put you in a sex wig with a blacker putting white. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I got you down. I got you down. 145 at 550 WCM is the facts from a Vic who goes on. I'm going to read it because they vicious ripped job on. You guys just another one. I was funny. Wishes ripped jobs. Okay, Vic, whatever you say. By the way, rumors that Bruce Beesley of the Beesley broadcasting company is in the building right now. Are we concerned about that? No, but it goes to show you not that the overreact here. We just had the biggest book in history of the station. And now we have one bad trend. I have a feeling we are going to have that management change. I was referring to before. You know, I'm talking about don't forget that bumper stick which is life is short. Don't be a dick. Greatest bumper stick for in the history of the human race. Here's a fact that's not bad either. It says it's time to finish what the Romans started 2,000 years ago. Feed all the Christians to the lines and let's make science through religion. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Great. Listen. Any chance you extended your hours from 9 to 3 and so then it's over 2. No, hard time? No. No, no chance? Not even 2.01. I need you out of 11 to more hours of my day so I can make my day. No, no. No. No. Listen, I have another 80-act story today. I saw a pretty bad car accident and I called 911 and I said, I'll tell you later, it's all pint Boulevard in 68 Avenue. She says, it's a pint Boulevard or Hollywood Boulevard. I got a pint Boulevard. Well, let me connect you over to Hollywood dispatch. How do you get something from it? It says, so it's the action that I go pint Boulevard in 68 Avenue. She goes, it's a Hollywood Boulevard or pint Boulevard. I go Jesus Christmas, guys. It's pint Boulevard in 68 Avenue. Okay. Let me get you back the pines. So I snapped and, for you know, it like, 60s were there. No one's going on. And what were you guys talking about before about the big war winds that hooked into the West? 567, 056, the Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach, yellow. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Well, I'm definitely not across over listener. As soon as two o'clock comes some gone. But I will listen to mad dog. In fact, every since I sort of looked and see you back in the old I would D.B. You've to turn the sound off and listen to the radio. Just to hear the, through the, the Dolphin games. All right. But as far as the book, your own station is trying to get out of the Marlons games. I mean, you know, it's, they suck on the radio. Yeah. The Marlons aren't on. I mean, what's it a great while we have a Marlons game on the middle of the day? In fact, you know, so there's a lot of stuff to think about that. Now that I think about it, back in a month of April, I think we had a couple of those. Didn't we have some, yeah? Spring training. They were doing the stupid spring training. Yeah, the regular season started April the one I think. But we also had a couple, at least a couple of daytime Marlons games. And the pre game stuff. Yeah. They didn't help any of your in T a then. Rominal. Right. You know, Coleman and Ducing. Any of, oh, like Remark. Just to show you, I'm all over the place. Okay. I'll mark you down. I got a fresh white open column for that. Thank you. Thank you. Five six. Five six. Yeah. Five six. Yeah. And we're going to start on the AT&T Wall. So I forgot about those great Marlons exhibition games. And then the regular season games. And it once it started to 1230, we had a big lot of here. I'm not trying to pass the buck because believe me, there's no Marlons games on a morning show. So the fact that we had this tremendous, the whole audience. Disappeared Napoli, there's the snowboard. Facti or everybody just got tired of that format. We're also everybody just decided that he just liked poison. Any of those. Anything of you like. Or maybe it's just thanks ball. Like everybody says. Here's a Miami lake. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi Neil. First time Carlos. Montham listener. Yes sir. And I like to say that I enjoy your show every day listening to you. And I want to keep up the good work. Yes. And I want to do a two very quick for me. Mm-hmm. Part of the whole. Okay. And sir. Can I call somebody a douchebag? Yes. Bob Mohalic from United D'Oper Technologies. You're an asshole. Okay. Thank you so much. Five six. Five six. Seven. Five six. Five six. On the AT&T Wireless Line GM Mad Dog Manage is going to be same things like. Oh my God. You're beautiful. You'll be here at 2 o'clock for lunch or a hank and again tomorrow's a matter of fact Hanks up there in the air for the Belmont will be talking to Dave Johnson and tomorrow from the Belmont with our usual pre-triple Crown Race Analyzation for about two or three minutes. And which I'll show that I know nothing about it and Dave will pretty much. Well Dave knows this stuff. You know. He just had kind of a bad street for the last about 10-15 years pickin' him. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty good. Man is show. Let me just say someone who is an ex-state champ and an ex-national champ and wrestling. Right. I can't put up with you guys with that talking anymore. I mean I just want to finish saying that. Please. Knock it off. You know it's always the guys who are the last ones to come out of the closet who protest that loudly. That's what Jesse DeBotty Ventura wrote in his book too about the fact that he was one of the three or four straight guys in the sport and we're not too sure about him. We're not completely positive about him. He said that he had a lot of activities that he didn't write about in there all over. Yeah. Why is he doing that? 5-6-7-0-5-60-0-60 on the AT&T. What's wrong with that? You know the side of a bunch of couple of guys rolling around and tights gravity each other. Pressing their privates up against the back of each other against the anapos the neck. Your bag. No, I'm not pressing my bag up against that. Here's a pop-in-oh. Hello. Yes sir. I didn't think I would get to be before. Yes, you're right here. I'm just like you. First of all, I've just finished rolling my seventh joint. 7-2. And my wife is a way it worked. Yeah. And I'm off and I'm rolling joints. That's the good part. Now here's a bad part. The 11th anniversary for 20 years. Not 15. 20 goddamn years since I came back from the Bahamas. Oh yeah. And I've challenged you every few years to something which you always got. And aside from the side. I don't drive a dog so I got a car. I don't have a car bed. But aside from that, I listen to regularly. You know, you're incredible. But when it comes down, the push comes the shove always sluff me off. Here's the challenge. Okay, ready. I'm ready. Let's get to it. It's only our four-hour show. I know that. Yeah. I got six joints rolled. Yeah. Sounds like it. Go ahead. Okay. I challenge. Yeah. Off at the Rascal House. No. I won't go to the Rascal House. That terrible place. That's the way you always get around it. No. And my character is no. No. Same tired old material. He's been calling me for outing for 100 years with that same. Well, get something new, pal. Okay. And by the way, they don't lay you smoked the weed at the Rascal House. So stay at home. You'll have a much better time. And probably a better meal. And I'm sure better service. Eight minutes before 2 at 5.60 QA. And you want to...