Sports Radio 560W 2AM Miami Force Latterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show, to talk to Neil, call 567-0560 toll free for David Broward, or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guest callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions, or the easily broadcast return now. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560QAM. He's not going to back on the weekend, both of the off-site now. Back to the truck, he'll just hit the ice right down the lane, might side here, flying back to the truck over there. Heeeey! So let's go. Barney's truck, I signed up for the back one. Oh, let's go, on-boats. On a Harley. What a fancy young man. What's the typical pacant to miss you? I just came waiting to pop up, don't lose it. When you know all that you should do, you've got to ride on that and you should stumble and feel the sweet studes. Got to watch it pop up, don't lose it. You might as well both of me. You might as well both of me. I've got no interest in politics. From Bobba, don't just kinda make some mistakes. You bet there isn't someone else to fix. To TV, might we off-track, TV? It's why I'm fed in that proper stone, losers. And no one needs to be too... A lot of peaceful, dangerous, rich, can't paint betterly through this. Gonna watch it robber, don't lose it. It might as well both of me. It might as well both of me. I've got no interest in politics. And for that matter, so it's lost for real. But I just cannot throw for robber's soul. Everybody says he's too low. That's why I'm coming new robber, don't lose it. When no one needs to lose it, he's down and we're gonna steal away. Both free and in you are stupid. Gonna watch this robber, don't lose it. You might as well both of me. You might as well both of me. Oh yeah, there's a reception, it'll be ready. So anybody got a vote for your Elizabeth Dole? No. You're always flipping my thing this morning with the TV. Doing my channel surfing, and that was I'mus. And every now and then, they'll come up with a good line. She's really not him. It's one of the bananas that sits around there in the circle with their morning circle jerk. And the guy said, yeah, even Bob's woodie isn't as stiff as she is. You know, the husband is right around doing promotions for a Viagra. Maybe she's been taken some, because you talk about stiff, stilted. My little manager of Pinchers got a better chance of getting votes. Elizabeth Dole? It's just astonishing. We got 260 million people in this country. And the quality of the people who offer themselves up for pubic service, Elizabeth freaking Dole. No chance. Steve Forbes? No, no chance. You know, something leave it to the Republicans. Every time the Democrats come up with a really marginal candidate, they run a dead man. Then, now we got the most wooden man we thought in history. Al Gore has got a personality like, like a man who's been dead for a hundred years. And they still find somebody worse. And then, of course, George W. Bush, he's got a little bit of a problem in his background. You know, it's interesting also to me, by the way, that he doesn't really want to come clean. He didn't have no extra marital affairs, but he had some drug problems and booze problems in his past that he just wanted to talk about, yeah. And all the so-called pundits are saying, well, you know, America's maturing were willing to overlook that. And yet when Baba said that, you know, he took a little hit of a joint six hundred years ago and didn't inhale, which he had to say, of course. Oh, my God, he's a drug addict. Let's start watching, refer madness 24 hours a day. But booze in whatever other venture that they weren't, you know, hallucinogenic drugs. Maybe like prosak. Maybe maybe too much a Viagra, that might have done it. God. So how come this audience is just so far behind the times, you know, what piggycasts, I noticed the hero this morning just caught up with piggycasts? And by the way, thanks to the morning guys again for back in at last break up to the, over the top of the hour and I was going two days in a row, they're on a roll. See, in fact, speaking about dual, I think he ought to get together with our program director because they both desperately need massive doses of Agra, 24 hours a day. Because they're both totally impotent. They can talk pop pop pop pop pop pop, I for, in session, let me know, but he pays any attention. Meaningless. But nevertheless. So who's there you missed it? I missed it too. I saw it, but I forgot to mention yesterday and probably nobody in this audience is old enough to for this to have any meaning. Software to publish is Hank Meyer died on Tuesday of a massive heart attack 78. Who the hell is Hank Meyer? George has been this morning, who's Hank Meyer? And I thought, yeah, that's what I thought. That's wrong with you. Hank Meyer brought Arthur. God for your in fact, the story says, Mr. Meyer, met Arthur God for you. Joe Stone crab and persuaded him to bring a show to my me beach in the 50s that he can then check. He leaves you to come here and he was like, the number one publicity guy here. Hank Meyer and associates, you never heard of them? Oh, my God. What were you been hiding? And too much of the, Richard, Arthur Godfrey and Jackie, police and day. That was 100 years ago. But we got a street named Arthur Godfrey Road. I know the street. We're all a house seat in our living over in that area there. And here was the most virulent anti-Semite we ever had. I'm surprised, really. I've said this for years, never get any response because people are too embarrassed about it. How come we don't have a street on the beach named Adolf Hitler Road? You know, something like that. We got Arthur Godfrey Road. How is that possible? I mean, I understand if all the Jews had moved to Bulkak and understand it. Okay, I don't want to start out on a negative note, but I will anyway because I'm really Ported off about that guy that called you off the year yesterday. Man, I'm pissed at him. I am foaming at the mouth. The guy that went to visit Dr. Richard Bernstein. I gave Hank that book. I've read the book, of course, I didn't do me any good because I'm still sick because I don't know. I can't find a doctor that knows his answer. My elbow. But nevertheless. And this guy, I told him, call us when you get back and let us know. He went to go through the doctor's program or whoever his joint is. Dr. Bernstein calls George off the year yesterday. Wow, I'll tell me, I want to talk to him a lot. You know, I just came back, but not on the year, which I'm not going to talk to this guy off the year. He owes it to me and to the audience to the 50 or 60 people that are listening out there to call in and let us know what it was all about. I mean, if he had a good experience, great. If it wasn't a good experience, we sure ought to hear about that too. If this is another doctor making cracking sounds. Like most of the ones that I've encountered recently. You think he's going to call? No, on the year. I mean, call on the year to tell us he was going. He had no problem. He had the cohones to call and tell us that. But now that he comes back and I says, give us some reports. The cat's got his tongue. I'll tell you, if I should get as many calls on the year as the ones that call and talk to George off the year, who wanted him to relay messages, who want to make a complaint, who got some kind of a song to dance. I've never given a number out. We do another Joe D'Amazio thing. And by the way, how's his estranged son, do I? Yeah, you have to turn back to the way in the back pages to find that story. It's interesting the way they posed this to. It's a despite an estranged relationship over the last several years of his life. D'Amazio did not forget his only child in death. Among the items bequeathed in the man's years last will and testament, Father and Broward County is a trust fund that will pay Joseph Paul to Mazio a junior 20 grand a year. Mazio a junior who works in a northern California junkyard and lives in a trailer said last month he hadn't seen his father in about two years. He did not visit his father's bedside during the Hall of Flamers illness. Then they kind of make you wonder, like we just filled in the strange sun. And Larry King, what's right away? Larry King. Don't be frustrated. Another baby. Even if Andrew Holyfield has made as many babies by as many different women I don't think is Larry King. You know what I'm talking about? Larry King is something you would have talked about his new son. What is he disall the cocky about? How are the seven Larry? King's wife, Sean, Southwick King, gave birth to Chants Armstrong on Tuesday night. King publicist, Deedre Klein said the boyway, seven ponsic, and ponsic, chances Southwick kings second child and King's fourth said Klein would decline to say it with a birth to a place. But they are thinking about making it a live part for. They're getting John Lythka back for that. The 64 year old host of CNN glory King live at a 38 year old wife, Mary and September Yati Adiati in a LA hospital room where he's being treated for hard trouble. It's 87th marriage and her 23rd. Nice gone Larry. Tell me something. Tell me the 10th to 10. You think that guy's going to call in? I'm begging you, sir. Well, inquiring minds. I want to know if nobody else in the audience wants to know. I want to know. You only the information guide, damn it. You gave us the big T. You went up there. You're fine. What it's all about. And now you won't tell us. 5.6705. 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. You won't call. So that's your mind. You're my mother. All right. You're something I can keep that going until the two of us. I'm not going to tell you our cards right. Here at the home of technical incompetence where we couldn't hear the on your son and our monitors here this morning. Listen that. Sparing no expense. I asked our program director Mr. Your impetus this morning just before he waddle out of here and vanished into the Assumset. I asked him, well, what's we're going to be ready for us upstairs Monday. What's the deal? Oh, but I mean, but I'm not going to. Maybe this, maybe not. Yeah, I'm starting to get too animated. I'm not going to microphone all over the place. How about if I just leave that on? I might wake these bastards up here. Oh, stop. You're telling me. There you go. Like I said, sparing no expense to bring you the very best in only the ultimate Greg read way. Just amazing. You're astonishing, man. Here's, here's like, it's like they went to nice. There's nice. There's all their all closed up. You know, the five and dime stores. I guess they're all closed down. You got to go to Kim or your Walmart now. Yeah, they went to one of those old five and dime and they bought an old erector set. You know, remember you ever have an erector set when you were kid? No, not an erector. I'm talking, huh? Lincoln logs, like I was things like that. No, an old fashioned erector set. What was a little, you put the posts in the right. You're sticking in the post. No, I was too poof. But anyway, so that's what this place reminds me of. Interrector set. They went out and they bought at nice. There's a real, the cheapest erector set that it could find. Maybe like a used one, you know, at a discount. And it came back and they said the George Corso or engineer, okay, here you go. Make a radio station. You know, take all of these parts and the stick them all together in the, and the see if maybe we might get it to work. Just take all of these things. And put them all together in the make a radio station. It's unbelievable. It's amazing. It's astonishing. I can only, you know, I am thinking right now, this little, a ration, a deal I've had for the last, what is it about a hundred months now? I'm thinking that maybe Monday would be a good day for me to be calling in sick. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. Because that's where they were allegedly going to be moving upstairs and they're going to have our new studio. They're not really new studios. It's just, you know, walls and a different location in the building with the same crappy older equipment from the older rector set. Just people with no pride, with no professionalism, with no sense. It's a miracle that we get on the air every day on this place. And I'm always be babbling about that year. Oh, it got to be mode on this morning. I'm feeling good. That's what our program director says. I actually got the remote on the air for the morning show. There you go. Because they got a cranked head money to a baby so we can pay Wayne for all those broadcast rights. You do realize that this is Wayne's revenge. See Wayne never got me off the air. Never could control what I said about him or anything else. But this is his revenge. He's got, he's got we're all being held hostage to baldy because of those ridiculous broadcast rights. Here's a mobile and store. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. It's a good deal when I was down in December from Buffalo. Rich Generac country. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway. A nice and scrapper headquarter was a ratcha turn of york. Yes sir. That's right. Anyway. I was at a reception this over the weekend. These locals down here refer to you almost as the anti-crest. I couldn't believe the hostility in their things. But what do these locals down here you're in store? Well, not well. They're coming up from moderate ill for this reception. Yeah. I tell you they speak very badly about you. But I told them I look forward to listening to you. Meaning what? Well, I don't know. I just think they, I don't know why you bring out this hostility. Anyways, I don't know. I like you. He's talking about the coach of the Panthers, the Skymarie. This cable is like a funeral director. Coach is like one two and there's Ted Nolan. Because not have a job. But you guys get sparked. And they're not going to hire Ted Nolan. They want an asslicker. They don't want somebody who's going to give them a hard time. Ted Nolan's blackball. You should know that. Yeah, but I mean, give me a chance. But not kind of get hired. You'll go out of fire. You're not going to get hired sir. Let me say it again. See, I don't understand why, you know, if you want to have a conversation with me, I'd be glad. But I'm telling you one thing and just you just keep repeating the same thing like you're hearing when I like you're mirrorically or died. Well, what's the point? It's not going to happen. I have another question. Yeah. I don't. I don't. You know, yeah. He's like some talkos. Yeah. WADBC. I don't know. Never heard him. Okay. What about what? What is it? What about these people? How about you, Lizzie's as grand? I love hearing your talk. I'm on Abelink. And my comment's about what? About that about that racist piece of crap Bob Grant, who's 110 years old with the worst hairpiece I ever saw, to make sure Bob may make Bob an Eisenberg's hairpiece look good. Get out of here. Go back to Cheetah Walker. Oh, yeah. Well, they speak very poorly about you. Yeah, right. You're a crowd. No one of they speak. Probably all over the age of 100. All those old fossils that have destroyed this town. They didn't do what I've got. They're not to a funeral parlor. Jesus, Joseph and the one guy I want to hear from, I'm begging. How would the last time I ever begged anybody to call and was serious about it? Never. But this guy that's got the keys to the kingdom. The answer is about Dr. Bernstein. Does he know anything? Or is he just another witch doctor like most of them. Totally full of crap. Huh? We want it out. Guy went there. He gives us the keys. There's nothing worse than giving the big keys. And then just, you know, hiding, going into hiding. Kind of sculpting away. Like our program director. I'm a serious. Let's get him some flag mercy if it helps. I have never encountered anybody so impotent in my life. And I'm not saying it's all directly because of him. Because the general manager wants it to be a one-pointy show. And so he doesn't give any power to anybody except his little buddies upstairs who grabbed all the power just by in default. A little empire builders up there. The food Nazi, the water Nazi, the sales Nazi. But when I actually come to get anything done, right? You just, you cannot believe it. You do people think that I'm exaggerating. You have to be here to believe it to see it. We're sitting here this morning in a vacuum. I'm honoring last five minutes of the worst thing which we're all sponsored by the way. Thanks again guys. On the radio. We got a little sticky radio. The David Gravy line said over here before we came on a year. Thank you, David. And that's the reason that we can even hear what the hell is on the air. Then we try to get a hold of the people upstairs in the control room. And George has to have them page. And who picked up the phone up there? Oh, fat boy responds to the page. At the page so that someone can walk into the control room and tell the people in the control room that somebody's trying to get a hold of them because they don't have a flag. Of course they don't have an office phone upstairs because that would do a cost next to a few bucks, you know, and some of the some jackass in this building, probably the program director went along with it. Of course because he's a whim. Oh, they don't need an office phone in the control room. Just so they can communicate with other people in the building. What the would they need that for? I don't understand it. So in other words, if somebody calls to talk to like one of the boardops up there, doing one of the sports shows. From the outside who doesn't have the hotline or the hotline being used. Let's say they got a guest on the air. They can't reach them. They can't communicate with them. They can't talk to them on a herd of in the history of broadcasting. So again, the myth of this whole thing about brand new studios, Greg Reid, you're not maybe you're full on some of those little 10 year old kids. You got working for two bucks in our upstairs. You're not fooling anybody who's been in a business for more than five minutes. And if it is grace, your concept of doing business, your concept of presenting a radio station, a studio, is so unbelievable. Where people cannot communicate with each other. That's not important. What's important is that we see the egos of Greg's friends. That's what's important here. Wow. Here's a bokeh, hello. Bokeh. Good morning. Yes, sir. Listen, you got some revenge against Paulie this morning and you don't even realize it. What is that, sir? I am that Martin Strockett piece, open the show. Yeah. And the way to do it, Mike, I'm the greatest. That's right. What do you want to talk about Mark Recky trade? What do you think about that trade? I want to talk about it. Right. I think it's unbelievable. I understand the flyers. It's like a flyer. They rent players out the other teams. No one even, I'm good and ready to get them back. Like when birdbird die. How is they? You know, they say we want to back. Okay. Whatever you like. I just don't believe it. He's a skilled player, though. Yeah, he is. He's going to bring them out of this funk that they've been with eight games without a win. That's, uh, it makes me pretty pressed. Because I hate about the thing once real quick. What? The thing was, it was an ad-chern bar at, so you think they're going to fold near the end. They pulled it out last night. And they pulled it out, but uh, they pulled it out last night, which I didn't hear Gildy talking about that. Be Carolina. That was very, you know, crucial for us if the Panthers of any outside chance of catching them. Did you get to see the game, the Penguin Game? Sure. Of course I saw the game. Great game. Wait, wait, wait. What do you think I got that clip from from the moon? You think that this part? The sports people brought me in that clip from Mike Lang from the Penguin Game last night. That was a good one. That was a good one. Huh? That wasn't the over time. No, that was the time goal that was made. It's not a spot. Why do you think I've played it? And have it great. I've got it. Okay. Okay. That's a detisque of our calls that takes here of the show. Seriously, I'm starting to get really sorely this morning. I'm starting to get really, really, I came in here feeling, and not the greatest as far, you know, physical, but in a pretty decent mood. But now I'm starting to get really sorely. You know, how come these people all speak so negative about you when they're, yeah? And then this guy starts battling a bunch of names. See, you people like to people from Tampa and the people up there in Orlando, well, they're little up there, you know, make believe people on the radio up there. Nobody here cares about them, including me. Do you understand? No, no. Yeah, right. Like last year, nobody here remembers him. Nobody cares about him. And every time we hear somebody from the West Coast, oh, well, you know, last year is still on FLA, and he's still still on all your material. Yeah, and the sun is still shining up there somewhere. Up in the sky, and the moon is still up there, you know, doing this thing. And the phone is still dead as a door now. And I think I'm going to go to the doctor. Yeah, that's what I'm going to go to with doctor. What I'm going to do is I'm going to get the yellow pages instead of going like far away. I'll just find the doctors that are like, you know, general neighborhood. And of course, this particular neighborhood is probably like, I'm a lot of witch doctors, you know, they're probably choking chicken down the front long right now getting the blood ready to treat all your rear diseases. And we might might actually work, at least that would be something as opposed to what I've had. And the more I think about that doctor field, the conversation we had here on Friday, which I let him go on for an eternity, an intramutable amount of time, a pond was called, did he say anything? Oh, didn't say a guy damn thing. The most, and he says right on the air with at least four people listening, why not give another six or seven weeks? Didn't he say that? Another six or seven weeks. He said this on the air. After the first two or three months that I've gone through all this crap, which is still not going away. And I still have no, they have, you know, I think that like I said, go to air, we got the end doctor in this town, and they aren't going to take the time because they can't be bothered. And the one great hope that we had, Dr. Bernstein, which has nothing to do with this, but, you know, the diabetes guy, the diet expert, the guru. And the guy goes up there for two days. Is that him? Did he call? No. No, but why are you left? See, I can understand if it's a guy that's so much of a pussy to go on here in your first place, but the guy called last week, the teller study was gone there. We had a reasonable conversation. I said great. Let me know, call us and let give us a report. Let us know when you come back. And now for some strength and the longer that it goes, that he doesn't call us, the more I'm beginning to wonder, what kind of, you know, intrigue is involved in all this, huh? 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line on a deadly, deadly Thursday, man. The catch got their tongue. New York. Yaaah! It's got had a bomb. And took a hit then woody, y'all like cheating chom. And just so much you then make brownies filled with hash. And woody sherry with Jesus and the same. The size of his head. No. Yeah. Yeah. Hardies, great. Yeah. Yeah. Hardies, good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What is got smoke, can it buzz? No, can't buzz, why it's more or buzz? Yeah. He's high on your back and your thoughts just in and loads of kids and so on. On a gray hump of school. To get some better kid home, grow old, and meet. So, let's go back to day coo. All right. The big fop Marley on his throne. No fun and heaven this year. Pent 31 at 560 W.M. Hank from Vegas into a clock boat shobby briefly just before 23 dinners tonight, 6 to 6 30. 6 30 to free game. Panthers and Washington, this is kind of the last guess. I said the game against the Bruins was the biggest game of the year. Well, since they didn't show up for that game. This is, this is it basically. I'm not going to say they're done for the play. I said they lose tonight, but the chances are really, really slim. Unless they win this game in Washington tonight. Any interest in that? No, of course not. So anyway, nobody in this audience ever heard of Hank Meyer. That's number one. Well, let's talk about this one. Since we're talking so much about dead people lately. Just I just saw this. Nobody, I would never even see this. Why do I look at your picture? Well, every day I do look at your picture or it's for one name. I haven't found it yet, but nevertheless. Huh? No, no, you know something. Now I'm starting to add to that. Now I'm going to start looking at your picture where it's before I come to work every day for more names than just one. I don't want to mention no names around here. You know what I'm talking about? They're one of the two specific, but boy, I would dance under grave. What they're doing to us. Well, that, what you just told me, and of course, if we had people on a phone, which we only got one, they would have seen that's another incentive for you to call folks. You would hear what George says on the intercom during the breaks. Well, you just told me about the communications and abilities upstairs. Would just a bat line here that they use for guessing so on. It's so unspeakable that there is nobody in radio, even people working in Batavia, New York on WBTA, wouldn't be to leave if you told them that. That they don't have an office phone up there so that the producers and anybody else can't communicate would like the outside world with anybody. Would they're guessed with the, with anyone. They want to call home if they want to, you know, call their girlfriend or whatever. Lester Banda's burger founded Lester's Diner is dead. Oh, I know we got a response on Hakemark as he was told. How old is this guy? Lester was, how come they don't have Lester's agent here, dammit? I'm looking through the obituary goes on and on and on. He was, he had Lester's Diner in Portland, New York before opening a Diner in Sarasota then in Brian O'Hile. But it doesn't have a zage. And he, oh, the here it is. He was 81. Well, that's, you know. I mean, anybody who never read on state road at E4 Lester's Diner, which says, the vice president George Bush, who was then vice president, eight there at Lester's Diner, high powered lawyers, high school janitors, bunch of slippers. The rich, the poor, the famous, the not so famous, the anonymous. The great, the not so great, the dead beats everybody as eaten at Lester's Diner, including me. See, there's nothing like, you know, what was the Diner that used to be on Biscayne Boulevard around, in the, what is it? 50s or 60s? There was a great Diner on Biscayne Boulevard, but of course nothing in this town is like it used to be. Trust me, but I'd take it that. Was it the Biscayne Diner? I might have been that. God. Great Diner. And then what's that gourmet Diner that's like further up this game, but about 150 first in that area where the old McDonald's used to be, which they finally tore down. Remember that real old McDonald's that used to be up there with the first one of Florida, which is the arches that didn't, the old fashioned arches right right up there that used to be that, what the, what the, what the name of that gourmet Diner? Nothing like a Diner baby going there and get some real, real serious food, not that plastic crap they serve you today. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Some of the best entertainment in the Fort Waterdale could be found at 3 a.m. at Lester's Diner years ago. Yeah. Going there long time. I got nothing substantial, but I do have a pig report commercial Boulevard just these deviles on sale. Confidently located in the speeding double speed and fines doubled on. You got a two real sunrise guy just waiting to make some money. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news. That's it. I'll see you at Lester's about 3 in the morning. That's what in fact, that even mentioned that it's as he put the name on one of South Florida's most venerable institutions of place with the hungry and get a hot cup of coffee and a slice of apple pie on the road. Or a big cheeseburger and side of French fries at 3 in the morning. 3 in the morning seems to be the time when the good stuff goes on there. Like at the truck stops, we know what goes on there at 3 o'clock in the morning. I'm off America. Okay. Two open lines a day to a brewer. This is it. I'm going to crack the music out. I'm serious because I'm starting to get real early in school. About this whole technical situation. You think we got problems now and I'm going to piss off. Move way to Monday. Way to we get upstairs if that really goes down on Monday. I mean, I just in visions of sugar plums are going through my head at this point. Because like I said, you know, you can blame the engineers to a point, but the fact is when you give a guy an old director said and say, Here, make me magic. Make me a radio station. And because there's so many wimpy people are working this place, so I guess need a job, need to put bread on the table, you know at home. Everybody just goes along with this crap. Including some of the people here who pretend to have a big mouth and have some balls and you know, the 13 months that I've worked here find out. They don't have any balls at all. You know, just a big act. As long as they get the paycheck, they don't give a crap. What kind of swill they dish out here? Unbelievable. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I was reading the every time yesterday. I thought you were voted that's radio personality and a Florida. Really, in Florida, you mean like in North, they can't I don't know. I don't know. I think we're talking about a 20 block radius between the date, Broward line and one 87th. Uh, no, I think I'll go a little bit further than that. Well, I think we don't have a copy of new times up here today. That's interesting. Well, get it because they only reach the go to the AM dial is Neil Rodgers. Exactly. That's right. It is. Damn. Come on. Thank you, sir. And God bless you. There you go. We got to hear from the callers. What's going on? How come nobody in our publicity department's got to hold with that? How come that the greasy sand the sham? How come he don't have a copy of new times in here? I mean, even though of course, being in new times, it's not that big of an honor, but nevertheless, it must be the best and worst issue again, right? Now, I know we have city link downstairs. Do we have new times? Is anybody know that? No. Oh, maybe sometimes yes, sometimes. Well, there's got to be right downstairs. It's like one floor down. You know, something if we had a portable mic, I'd take it right now and go down the guy. They elevate their shaft. Since we're getting the shaft in this place, do we have a poor, a, a cordless mic? No. No, of course not. New times we got to have a copy here today. That'll kill four good hours because there's nothing going on now. You can smell it. The smell of death is over this town over this phone. Today is Thursday. Each day of this week, it's gotten to the point. I'm hearing deep a lot on that stupid robot they're doing this morning. Pump it those numbers. He's pumping it in pumping it in pumping it in pumping it even Arnold never pumped it so much. Because it's just, we're in a vacuum now, man. We're in a lot. We're lost. We're absolutely lost. Like my doctor like patch atoms. We're lost. We don't know where to turn. And so we, you know, try to make you feel good. Just give it six or seven years. You'll feel better or not as the case may be. As long as I live, which may not be all that long, quite frankly, but as long as I live, I'll never forget that line. Give it another six or seven weeks. You'll be fine. You don't need me. I'll never forget again. Oh, frosty night. Oh, my god. I feel so drunk. I wish I had a lot of love. Oh, so bottle. Oh, so kind. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. I was on the one arm, there was a man who was in the room. I was on the one arm. I was on the one arm. You know the reason I played that, I'm thinking of maybe that guy that went to see Dr. Bernstein when he walked into the office when he finally got the sample of the appointment. And he said, oh, come on, and Mr. Smith. And he walked in and there was instead of a doctor standing there with the stuff that's there was a guy in the back and a white schmoth on. Maybe there was like this small creature on the floor that looked like a duck. Making cracking sounds. Maybe that was the deal. I don't know. Maybe that's something really negative to me to say. He just don't want to say it on the ear. I don't know. But I'm really, I'm porked off about you. So I don't know who makes me angry or you are a Greg Reid. Well, it's not, no, it's not even close. So anyway, the new times, I'm sorry, sir, but I've got the current issue of new times. Thanks to Joe Costello running around the building feverishly. And it's, there's nothing about the best of in the MRG 11 through 17 new times. And I've just got the city link, which allegedly inside has got your ballads for their best of, since they both haven't just coincidentally to do this crap every year at the same time. And I can't find the ballads for the anything. Drop the publication. And I call them publications loosely. You've got nothing but about 600 pages of ads. It's kind of like QAM. You know, just spot after spot, add after writers. There's nothing there, man. There's no substance. There's nothing. And did I mention, by the way, thanks to the morning guys for two days in a row back. There's this to do that. Never to less stop anificing, okay? Just because our program director's got a limp. Remember, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How you doing? All right. I'll be here. You're right. You're right. Yeah. That was good today. Okay. A little bit behind that. Today is Thursday that was Wednesday. I don't know if you have a music show today. Okay. I've got music coming out of my rectum. I'm sorry to hear that. That's okay. Did you read about the work? You read about the study card net. He's like a cardinus. Yeah. I'm sorry. The cardinus. They were saying that we have to move him or something because he has these medical problems. And they're talking about Bell's palsy and high blood pressure. I think you're very positive. Well, who is he? I don't know if he's going to come in. Okay. He's one of these guys that they wanted to pour him because he's not a citizen. He's he brides. I don't know. He's mixed up in the county. Some big brides were having the corruption. Yeah. Are you running for public office? I hope. No. Why not? Why not? But wait. Hear me out. Okay. They want he's complaining or a die. Some advocacy group is complaining that he has these medical problems. They can't take care of it at the Chrome detention center. And they're naming all of them. And in the last one is an O and more bit obesity. Yeah. So these are medical problems that we have for a little bit. What are you talking about? Let's give them to Dr. Bernstein. Maybe he'll come back and tell us how it was. Okay. And, um, oh, the last thing. What about this? And I know this is a couple days ago. But what about where have you gone? H.R. Hall of the Mint. And I like that. Not bad. I'm Adam material. Thanks a lot sir. Where have you gone? H.R. Hall of the Mint. I like that. It's pretty good. In fact, in a shower this morning, I was thinking of different names that fit in there. To show how exciting it is around here these days. And that Mrs. Robinson saw him. He's got that strange sunny lesson 20 grand a year. What's wrong with that? Oh, John Joll. The Yankee Clipper. And now Joll Torrey. He's got the prostate cancer. Well, the Yankee is they just can't do your stuff. Just keeps there. There is no balance. I don't see it anywhere. Keep leafing through these 5,000 pages of ad. I would say that it's in the Broward edition in the course and square in dead county. That's the poor way. It says right here on the front. It says inside your city length best of 1999 readers pull balance. It says on the front page on talking about the. The what's the one called the time. Yeah, but in the Broward edition. Well, how far up the street is Broward? Somebody will bring us a long time. It's like two blocks up the guy. They're going to say, oh, by the way, does they ever fix 441? It's on the other side now. But going northbound, it's okay. Yeah. All right. Yes. Oh, my god. They finally fixed freaking 441 going northbound from here. It only took a lot about 6, 7 months that they had that thing blocked off. It's one of those deals. Like, even if I wanted to get my oil changed up there at the mobile, you know, I can't get there from here anywhere. Under any, maybe by helicopters, you'd have to drop your car in from the sky with a sky look. So we can't find the right new time. See, that's the bitch about being in a dead county. There is nothing for English speaking people in dead county. There's absolutely nothing here. Everything has to be if you're on if you're south of the border. Then, but I think, but I'm about that. Yeah, right. Because forget it. Anything you need, anything that's in your language. You have to go up a few blocks in order to find it and get it. I mean, Howard County, we may have a lot of old people, a lot of, you know, naval, lit the flying around in the breeze, but Howard County, boy. Thank God for Brower, that at least it's close and we can live there. Here's homestead. Hello. Good morning, sir. Yes, sir. Okay. Got a couple of things. One, you don't want to hear about. I'll listen to anything, sir. Okay. At least briefly anyway. I'm so pissed off about that. Dr. Burns, do you guys? I hope that I hope Dr. Burns didn't give my blueberry animal. Oh, God. Man, what a pussy. He walked Carlton, tell us on the year whatever his experience was. I'm talking blue. Sitting here dying would die of videos in this guy won't call with the answers. I'll call. No, he will not. F-faith. He will call. And you won't call. He told George he wouldn't go on the air again. Yeah, well, he'll, he'll, he'll, he'll, he'll, he'll, he'll call. All right. I'll about the music show. The yesterday. Yeah. You missed a song that you should identify with as I do. Bob Seeger, fire like. Fire leak. Yes. You'll like a fire song. Bob Seeger and fire leak. Yes. I don't even know the song. I thought I knew every song Bob Seeger ever did. I've been once, uh, had lunch with his drummer. That's about. Who is his drummer? I have no idea. No, no, no. Don't do that anyone else. Right. Anyway, second thing. Fire leak. Yeah. Great song. Okay. Maybe if I heard there was one of those if I heard it, I would know it. Yeah, but you probably think about, you know, the lake fire and all that stuff. It's like the weight, you know, there's another song. I know the song, but I never knew the name of the song or the group. Because there was a one hit wonder, you know? And groups did it. I don't know who the first one. It was, uh, been anyway, moving along. Okay. I used it again. I don't want to do music again. Playing. Why are you moving studios? Why don't you stay in the studio? Because then they would have to continue paying rent for these rooms here on the second floor. And this being the cheapest God damn place. I'm with you. Do you think they're going to pay one extra dime or rent? Or, uh, here on the second floor? No. No. Of course not. Okay. So they're going to jam us all over their food for you. And, you know, they're going to be sorry. It's not going to be pleasant. This has been at least relatively pleasant. Even with a crappy equivalent of technical problems. And at least we've had our own little, uh, five them down here. Exactly. Once we're all up there with those little Nazis running around, there's going to be Hell the pay. It's going to be real, real unpleasant. I mean, because it is now, if I'm lucky, I see Greg read about once every two weeks, which is a lot too much. But it keeps me, you know, it keeps me showing up every day. So, no, we're going to dismantle the studio you're in now. Right. And you're going into this. Well, it didn't take much to mantle it in the first. Believe me. If you could see the paper machine walls, they got, in addition, the only thing that took was my lure threatening to take them to court. The force them to do this, that was the hardest part, not building it. That's what you're going to do. I'm serious. That's what it took was threatening to sue them to force them to do this because one of their empty promises. Just like all the promotions you see that we don't get, which is in my contract, which I see they wear you down. That's the whole philosophy is, well, we're going to wear down the resistance. And I was just saying, who gives a crap anymore? So, I don't even say anything to them about the promotion. And what it says in my contract, because after seeing the spot campaign, they ran last year, who wants to do that again? Well, the 20 pounds of pancake makeup, which is probably why I'm sick from that crap. That's probably what it would be like. I think so. I think it's going to sue somebody. Well, I think it was Renewey's kid. Don't move. Don't move. Don't move. I'm going to say that to the issue. Okay. Have a great day. I think he's on a material. Now, I'm waiting. I'm sitting here very patiently listening to see if these things. Because I'm taking all the stuff I got. I'm tearing it up. Even at Litter about Monica, that wasn't a sunset in any way. Another horrendous loader of the editor, but it wasn't a sunset. And I'll have to hear what's so sound as much fun. The one thing I won't tear up though, that makes me feel really good. Oh, God. Here's the one ray of light, and otherwise very depressing day. Lester from the diner is dead. Hank Meyer is dead, and nobody in this audience even though who the hell that was. See, I don't believe that. I bet you there's people out there that were real tight with Hank Meyer and Meyer landscape. You don't know. I'm not that there's any connection there, but I'm just mentioning since the name was both Meyer. But the best story that I've read in ages on the business news section this morning. And the headline says, Paxons, losses, widen. Oh, yeah. I was sitting there this morning. Oh, wow. I saw that in board. Did that open up new avenues for me? There's another one. West Palm Beach-based Paxon communication set its losses from continuing operations. widen to $89.5 million in 1998 from $36.5 million in 1997. Oh, let's hear it for Buddy Bud. Paxon launched its family-related Pax TV per by the way. How's that report? Industry's stock doing Wayne. Paxon launched its family-related Pax TV program in August, which up to expand revenue to $134.2 million from $88.5. But in 1997, a $254.7 million gain on the sale of Paxons radio assets made final income of 214.7, but that was like bogus. Many President Jeff Sagansky said he expects advertisers to expand use of Pax TV in the future because it is delivered a growing audience level with solid female demographic. He said the network's now have 54 of largest network advertisers up from 35 at the end of last year. Paxons stock weighted here. Paxons stock was like between 11 and 13 all the while we were over there on the OLD. Paxons stock rose $19.6 yesterday to $8.31 on American stock exchange. Yeah, let's hear it. $8.31. Another radio may have another broadcasting mobile. I told you, I got a lot of money, but at home slots network, it became dangerous. Destroyed everything in his wake. In fact, I think that would be a real interesting conversation, who is more incompetent, who's a bigger bozo. We know who's got more money, but who's a bigger bozo, but Paxon or Greg Reed. But that's an intro. We could do a whole series. We could do a 25-part series on that topic. Because one thing at least, Paxon wasn't when it came to giving you stuff to work with was cheap. I've told you this before. We went into that new IOD after they sold a station and they had equipment there that nobody in the rest. That even Luke Skywalker would be astonished with. Amazing stuff. Am I right? Stuff that we didn't need that we would never use, but it sure was impressive. They didn't know I haven't worked. We had many disc players over there that, like actually real. You could actually read the cuts, remember that? Was it real little computer screens on? Like the best amount of money can buy? We got ones here that like when you go to queue something up, like in the middle of that spy you were playing. The music star. Yeah, there you go. By itself. Seriously, nice news. Woolworths. You know that place the dollar store. A lot of them all have got one of those like they saw resident of the dollar store. That's what this place is all about. The freaking dollar store. Here's a mobile in Otsv the Kishka lady. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you? Okay. An ages. Yeah, where you been? Locked up working. Yeah. They don't allow me out in the daylight anymore. Mm-hmm. So I snuck out today. A couple of things. I hear that you and I have so much similar opinions about the political writer for the Sun's Thank You. You mean that asshole buddy, Nevin? That's the one. Yeah. That's the one. And how much public little Torp, yeah? Did you read that about Larry Smith, the ex-conversion? No, I don't read buddy, Nevin's call. Oh, well. I did that thing about how we're supposed to feel sorry for Wayne and what a prick I am. I don't read anymore. Oh, he's amazing. He thinks that everyone should know the truth about everything before they decide to have Larry Smith act as a lobbyist on the street. There's a lobbyist on behalf of Broward County, of Washington. Yeah. Well, let me ask you this. In twenty-seven, the Sun's was in the truth. How's that radio pedophile ring coming that he was reporting 10 years ago? And the front page of the Sun sent a letter with a total of a fingerprint of his own. Public imagination and the number of materialists. How's that coming along? Right. And what about his betting down with lobbyists? Uh-huh. Yeah. He never reports that part of the truth. Does it? And when they had the ordinance of Broward County, the civil, the domestic, whatever that partnership was saying they went through. Oh, only gay rights groups want that. Nobody else want that. Guess what it passed the next day like overwhelming me. Sorry, buddy. You lose again. Home of four little twit. You're not pulling anybody. Absolutely. What do you think about reading Sun? Okay. Have a great day. Sweet. I got to run. You took all the money. You buy a kiss on that bearded post. Open line in Broward, all three and date. 5.6705. 60. Why two k? Why not two k? Up to speed and ready to food up. This is a video 560 QAM. The Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM. Miami Fort Lauderdale. Just station stands for nothing. It was a cold, steel gray day. Roodle with. Loving in the direction of the sea. Reaching back. Cheers. With undying loyal people. This very rested on the shoulders of one man. Napoleon Kaufman. He amazes down the field. But the smoky powers of the teen locker room. Napoleon Kaufman. He was a thief. And ready to do something. Throughout the anniversaries of sports, he said nobody did something better than Napoleon Kaufman. Napoleon Kaufman. Napoleon Kaufman. Napoleon Kaufman. Oh, God. 155. 50 WQAM. You're sports the water stage. I'm going to the store last night about 60 Plocken in my car. The booster is just coming on. Making those sounds that he makes a lot lately. Oh, God. Loosen away please. So anyway, one of his earliest calls is some guy. I'm not making this up. Hey, I'm going. I'm following his kid in the name. I know I'm exaggerating. But it was close to this. His name is Hyman Roth. It was very close to that name. And I've been following him since he was like an elementary. He's got like in kindergarten. And he's got a great arm. And you think he's going to make it with the Marlins. And at that point, I wanted to like kind of like steer the car off to the side of the road over the shoulder there, you know. And just park it. And just sit there and kind of like slump my head down on the steering wheel. Here's David. Hello. Pretty bad isn't it? Yes it is. A new. Hyman Roth. He's got a great future. This kid can he but man. He's heven it. He should have heard the guy like he even. He should have heard the guy I called man. Did you have a day straight. And don't said fly was he said the money to the Joe's camp. The fed to that now he would have wanted it. Yeah. And you know. You see 20. How about saying the money to his estranged son out there in northern California in that trailer park. Did you see 20. Did you see 20 last night? No. I was watching the penguin game, sir. Some hunts whack the fag and in the small town and it's crazy. Do you mean Matthew Shepherd? Is that what you're talking about? Yeah. Yeah. And some hunts whacked the fag? Yeah. And this town is crazy. This town is crazy. Are you going to if you will. And with the dildos and this is very really kind of pipe your show into our Bama. Who was it? With the dildos? The women who and by the dildos now you were talking about a few weeks ago. How about our Bama? Yeah. What are we going to do about this? How about if we just send the a dikes from Alabama all do was content. And then in North Dakota. How about how would we just send you where you belong? Okay. Like an adizor. Like Alcatraz would be good. Yeah. So, we're going to do a little more on just a total absolute moron. Yeah. Some guys left a fag up there. And that's a real new story too by the way, sir. Let you find the kitchen up with the times. We have an open line in Broward, all three in date. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I guess he just marches to a different drummer. Here's Miami. Hello. Leo. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. Let's talk about music a lot and that happens to be pretty much my favorite subject. And a few dance that happens in the next year that are the best. Okay. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, don't even ask. Yeah. I feel like I got out of bed and I woke up and I was in hell. Those people said I was going to go to hell and die. This is it. I'm in it right now. You're the only call on a board, sir. This is it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, I'm I'm a big sports freak, right? But I can't take with me sports. Look all day. These guys are so repetitive and ridiculous. What makes them quality? I'm for forget it. Forget about that. But the stuff that you hear people talking about is such my news. It's a miracle that we get the ratings that we do on this stage the rest of the day. Because how any person who's going to be in the middle of the day is just a little bit of a big deal. And what's the power to show commercial? Anyway, no offense. QAF. You know, we've got to hear about the board option. How they're going to go out to the titty bar and you're going to get laid. What is that? What is that? Yeah. And we're half of half of the shows commercial. Anyway, no offense. QAF. You know, the board option. How they're going to go out to the titty bar and they're going to get laid. And I mean, what is that? What does that have to do with anything? I mean, who cares about that? Yeah. More power to them. But you see, they got to get on there. Like George said to me this morning before we came on here, we were talking about that. It's part of this whole gate club. This whole syndrome that exists here. You know, this is sports bar without a microphone. And everybody show in each other how much or they are. And pet each other on the black. It's crazy. It's put it's embarrassing. You're like the fun. I'm not costing this thing. Man, you are a one funny guy. I got to give you credit. Yeah. You're going to get back me up at all. Yeah. Thank God for me. I'll tell you that because I've got 20 hours today. This station is the most boring piece that you're never wearing. I've never worn that in life. The first team is the mother. I'd rather hear the chic squeaking for 10 hours every day. You know, at least it's something. I don't mind. I can't get me now. An entity doesn't have an attitude. Yeah. As long as you're not put on those long press conferences on it, that just makes me frost my ass. Yeah. He's got an attitude. He thinks he's king. Well, that's okay. Like Hank when he's got an attitude. Yeah. I'll give you a few people. You'd have an attitude to, too, pal. Believe me. Yeah. I'm not thinking about the pants this man. Who the? The pants is? Oh, yeah. I'm a man. This team is like one night great. The other night there. Yeah. There are 500 team. They're mediocre. Without Paville Barrett. They're just another mediocre team. They're boring. Okay. That came in Boston. I never had one call about it yesterday. I haven't seen a fight. I could have sat there in the and done my nails. Watch nail polish dry. I would have been more exciting to watch that. That's that's maybe made on sale with some say. But you should have looked at the buckle a little maybe. You know, yeah. It was a wide open. I mean, and they're still belly aching. Or they're going to complain to the league about that second goal. I hate to break the news team. But once they got the first one again, it was over. Right. Because if you don't score any, you can't win the game. I know that comes to their shot to the VM and TM boys. But if you don't score any goals, you're not going to win the game. So you can win and cry and the referee was bad. I'm going to tell you something. They make me sick to my stomach with a belly aching attitude of theirs. They got a real crappy attitude. Yeah. They were buried in there. I think they could do pretty good. Yeah, it was very in there. But you know, by the time he gets back, it's going to be. It's going to be like their handles already. It's going to be hard like every other week. I hope not. Because without him, we suck. That's right. The Tampa Dixon. Well, I'll have a great day. I'll be late. I'll be late. I'll be late. Okay. I love Goldie by the way. Okay. Okay. Oh, what are you talking about? Goldie. I'm talking about. Yeah. See that. You need to hear it. Goldie. That's all in it for like 30 seconds. That tells you everything you need to know about sports talk. Hey, that kid. That's playing over there for North side. The coat of state. Boy, he's great. He's going to be here. He's our real comer. We have an open line of day 400 in Broward. Five six. I'm sorry that I'm in such a early sour crappy mood right now because when I sat down here about two and a half hours ago, I was in a decent mood. Considering I was sick as a dog but I should be getting used to that. In fact, that's really what Dr. Mark said. You know, after you have this for about five six months, whatever it is, which we can't figure out, you get used to it. You know, it's like somebody chopping off your leg. It's uncomfortable for a while. But after a while, you get used to it. Right, Dr. Mark. See, if he was like, if he, I don't want to go into it, I don't want to even say it because he's not. Just like that. All those doctors that I've been talking about, they should come over here. They fit right in with Gregory because when you come right down with, they just don't care. That's that's it. We don't want the money, but we just really don't care. We like you to think that we care, but not enough to really do anything. I want to bang you in the butt, honey. Okay. Gelsie. Gelsie. Talking on a porch show. Trying to do the macho. Your boy sounds just like a sad thing here, old girl. I live in a sports show. What else are you? Say, oh, Gelsie. Gelsie. Talking like a baby. Who needs a little draining. Like until our first night. You don't know how to like up then. We will throw rubber bands. That shows your throat. Gelsie. Gelsie. Gelsie. Gelsie. Your lucky man is just don't care. So Gelsie. You don't belong there on the air. And Gelsie. So sports can wake you your boy's crack. Because anyone who sounds like that should find another job. And say, should only take you back when both your babies drop. Gelsie. Gelsie. Gelsie. When you're going to grow up. You make that one a throw up. You silly, silly blue. Go to broadcasting school. You're pretty, you bet it's boy. Thank you. Now die, come on. You're a punch. You're a punch. You're a punch. You're a punch. You're a punch. You're a punch. You're a punch. You're a punch. You're a punch. You're a punch. I want you to surf first. Okay. What about Rockwell's a friddy? You're a friddy? Rockwell's a friddy? Yes. He's a porno star. Exactly. My fan of his. Yes. He's okay. Okay. Are you? Yes. I am. Okay. And the thing was. I'm Ted Nugin. I know you were talking about the music. Yes. The fan of Ted Nugin. Rockwell's a friddy. Ted Nugin. What about the full henchee of a tea star? Are you a fan of his? Oh yeah. He's done there in 22nd half. Yeah right. He's selling. Okay. We'll say how to fan stomano in the park. Okay. That's our call spread today. That's what you got. You've visited anybody visiting town. That's what it's all about. Well, you just heard the last hour and 15 minutes. That's it. That's a medley of their material. Somebody fangs his me. This. He's a friddy. And isn't that interesting. Still after he was a tie. I mean, I love my tie in friends, but you know, so not to have a few mod ties there. Frank Costello. Joe Costello. Jolton Joe refused mob's Cuba offer. Okay. He resisted. He kept his honor. There you go. Joe demands you'll one of the 20th centuries. Most revered heroes. It's a. That argument. We faced the bad teeth. Was once interrogated in the investigation of a notorious mobster. The Manhattan District Attorney's Office interviewed the Ankey Clipper when it was investigating. The 1957 murder of Albert and Estasia. Remember that great song and Estasia by Pat Boone. The deferrius head of murder incorporated. From that interrogation, it's clear that Demagio seems to have hung out with a lot of people in their rackets as Bill Bastone of the smoking gun, a website that post documents such as lawsuits and arrest records. The smoking gun obtained the Demagio interview through the Freedom of Information Act. It is now making the interview available to the public for the first time in its sight. During the interview, Demagio told investigators of meeting anesthesia through Paul Demato, who according to federal records was a mobster. The mobster. Demagio also told us interviewers how Joseph Salacie aka Joe Rivers of the Traffic County family asked Demagio to fight for a gambling operation in Cuba. Demagio next to the idea, I told him that due to my image in the eyes of the American youth, I can't venture into gambling, whiskey and cigarette endorsements, Jolton Joe told investigators, he kept his honor. Look here at he resisted. All the way didn't endorse cigarettes, he just smoked him instead and now he's dead. I still don't understand that. Why nobody in the media? You just don't step on the toes of those icons, those Teflon icons. Why nobody points out the fact that the reason he got lung cancer in the first place was because he was a chain smoker, smoke all those faggots, he might live through 104. Might live through 104. He would have been perfect for South Florida, especially Hollywood. Except for smoking those damn faggots, want to put lung cancer. All you kids out there, I mean there's a great message to be in there, but are we hearing anything about it? No. All we hear about is we're changing names of streets and we're paying tributes and he was this. That's all we hear about. I mean, that could be something really positive since he was so concerned about kids. Here's a mobile and cross-praying, Silla. Ted Newton, is this guy dreaming? We're not to a music again. I know, but I'm just on a party. Always a day behind. Well, I mean, a couple of minutes into Rocco's ship ready. As much too many porn movies this guy, that's his problem. I'll tell you lines will clear and I said, I'll call. The lines here today are as dead as a dornail. I have never heard every week it gets worse and worse and worse and worse and worse and worse. And thank God that I motivate myself to get out of bed and come in the morning because I need. I need, I see that light at the end of the rainbow. It's a long tunnel, but I see it down there. You know, I got the days on a countermark. It's there, just keep all of it. I'm holding it. I'm holding it. I'll be in front of Austin, right? Yes. And here I'm rooting for the pants this the other night. Watch it. Why would you be rooting for the pants being for? I mean, if 15 years, you know, and I called the pants this day one. Yeah. I mean, it may be that came made me check them. I'm like, what am I rooting for? That wasn't a game. That was just an exercise that lasted about two and a half hours. That was that was a pointless exercise was crap. Well, I might go. I'm going to get our beef on. I might go down there and sign up for the pants that's make about a million years. If you look Brian Zance, so probably you're signing a nice juicy fat contract. Hey, one last thing I was in. I don't know what would a brain hyphing a blow up dog you're in. You got it. I was in public in Cooper City maybe two weeks ago. I always wanted to tell you this. Yeah. And I saw a real famous celebrity in there. Not me. And I think I pissed them off. No, Rick's anxious. Oh, good. When I walked by, he had his cock and I walked by and I started singing one of the million. I thought he was going to kind of ask the game. He gave me the dirtiest look. I've got him from anyone in my life. I love it. And if I the way if you could throw that one off, I would love to be. Okay, give him a kiss for me, pal. Right on the record. Oh, hey. So we ever talk about those stories. I allegedly used to run around in Dragon in the morning and channel seven before he got married. I guess we did. We have it open on us here. There's a lot. Oh, well, you talk about a place where there's some strange people. Now broadcasting, most of us are strange, but I'm going to tell you, channel seven. Woo! Channel seven has got the most amazing collection of the ZAR people. We're that talking about women, but some of them are pretty bizarre too. Wow. Not to mention my good friend Brian Andrews that called it. I just got her Brian at least he cared up to call it in my anniversary and by the way, and I'm still in interested. Here's a mobile in Val Harbor, hello. Hello? Good morning, you. Where does this? I took my family to the forge last night. Yeah, I'm sorry to hear that. I can too. Yeah. We're drawing with that place. Meaning what? It's another hype job. Yeah, it's the worst. The plastic joint, you know. What is Miami coming to? Anybody get shot in there while you're with it? No, it's not about that. What about that? Well, what about a nice area to live? What do you recommend for all of you? Probably. We're nice here to rely. I think probably Boston would be good. Little chilly side takes some more leggings and stuff. We have open lines in the day five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. You know something, this is good. Speaking of music to be flexions. Oh, Romeo and Juliet, good record. But anyway, this show is a mirror image. It's a reflection of this community. I've always said that and it is. It is. I let unless you spoon feed these people the last seven years and like I said, I'm in the go. It's gotten worse and worse used to be. I remember the good old days. The most of those people are either dead or gone or, you know, they're smart enough to get out. But now it's like there is nothing. It's a vacuum. It's either those, you know, the three little Julios that are busy playing with each other. That are making up stories about whatever they're making up today. You know, it's them. Or it's the the Julios. Well, all my fathers are free to write or a minister or a rabbi something like that. You know, one of those stories. That's all we got. It's not the show. We're kicking ass on this show. This show is one of the only living things left in this town. Even I know that. But to listen to these people like this guy, I mean, what, what is, what was that? It was like on a plate. No wonder they are stiffened to forge, huh? What that is, that's not a good place. What, what do you, what do you, can you look like that? It's not. And I don't care what anybody says. I mean, if you want to get sucked into the hype, more power to you. If you want to go and spend a week salary for meal, a Joestone Krabs or at the forge. Or if you want to go stand online with a bunch of old, you know, concentration camp mentality type people at the, uh, Rascal house, be my guess. So seriously, that's the mentality. Those people are shoving the food in the mouth like they have it eaten in years. They're standing outside. They're stealing the pickles and the rolls and doing that crap. So if that's your idea of a good time at a great meal, be my guess. We've got lots and lots of good places to eat in the town. I only wish I wasn't diabetic and by the way, I sure like you're about Dr. Bernstein. Am I going to hear about it? No. Because then I beat up a storm. Even being fat. If you're not diabetic, you know, then you've got a shot. Like, look at bookshobbing. Oh, man, you're going to get a book. I'm telling you, diabetes, you're going to have a high blood pressure or stroke coronary. I'm sorry. I'm not saying those things because I wish them for you. I don't, you know, I'm not a bad guy. But I'm trying to warn you. I'm trying to scare you now before it's too late because you are enormous. We've got a lot of fat people like I've told you in this place. Led by Josh Friedman. Oh, although at least books melt there. Of course. Of course, so does what I left in the bowl this morning, smell better than Josh Friedman. But nevertheless, that George isn't even smoking on that because he knows it's true. Because he knows it has to be true. It's true. Both. Seriously, don't you wonder. Doesn't it ever cross your mind about whether the problem is not the staples and the oozing fat. And all these, but just kind of like the slob factor is the word that he individual. The slob factor. That's not the fat. Maybe a little right guard. Maybe like a little, you know, that's the talcom powder. Something. Even like maybe a little, you know, a little hygiene on the rectum would help. Ragnastick. Ragnastick. There you go. The Josh Friedman's new rag on a stick. Oh, you can't hear cheap. Let's do an infomercial. How would it show Josh Friedman's rag on a stick? Do wash your armpits with it. Wash your rectum. Yeah. Everywhere behind the ears behind a back. All that's salivating the back of your legs. See, I would tell Josh Friedman to lose some weight. But he already has lost a lot of weight. And if he still discuss it, it makes no difference. He's still what he is. No, as you're eating. I want to give you the real thing, you know. You've seen him on Channel 7 News. First, as a two bit reformer. Now, as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Faye Baker and Mary K. Combine. Rick Sanchez, hey. And so the likes are here. Here are the dulcent tones of the man who brought you crunchack. Rick Sanchez. Blacks of the rar chest. Go for the good of the rar chest. We all will be rar. Rick Sanchez. Oh, Rick Sanchez. Here I go. I just saw this. Here's your yellow. Rick Sanchez sings. Here's your yellow. Oh, there's a flower. Oh, there's a tree. Don't miss Rick Sanchez. And it's a steepest torile, Ohio. It's one show you all want to miss. Thanks for a good one. Oh, one. Oh, one. Oh, one. Oh, one. Oh, one. Oh, one. Oh, one. Oh, one. Oh, one. Oh, one. Oh, one. Oh, I accept you as a precious gift from God. Hey, Rick, how's Alberto Sant Pedro doing? I sure hope he's doing burden like I hit in the car. It's 1132 at 5.60 W 2 AM. One call after the board. The board of the break. I got like five calls on there. I mean, you talk about manic about up and down and up and down. I mean, this isn't just from like one hour to the next today. This is like from one segment to the next from one minute to the next. They're there. They're gone. They just don't have their hearts in it anymore. Like he used to be. Like I said, their hearts are not in this show. Ask not what they'll I can do for you. I threw all my stuff in a waste basket that I wanted to talk about today. Okay. Because these people are there still stuck with yesterday, which was an extension from my As the week already. Well, the guy didn't use it stuff. Talk about a one-note Charlie. Okay. Let's talk about music. What's up music? No. No. That old lady will call him again. The old bag. She'll get psychotic. She wants to hear a Mitch Miller record. She wants to hear the Kirby stone for whatever it is they work. She wants to hear Ed Aims. Here's a couple of read. She'll all. Hello, Neil. Yes. This is Goldie. Yeah. I don't want to talk about music either, but yesterday. I'll talk about whatever anybody wants to talk about. That's how this but I ended up. That's how that's how they've robbed me to my knees today. Some puts called in and said, Chennai, a coin was a slot. No, this stuff. And I'm going to kick that guy's ass. Yeah. That's my woman, man. Is it really? It's definitely. I guarantee you, but what about money if you weren't there, you'd be all of it out. Yeah. What do you think? I'm going to tell you something. I was driving home from work yesterday and it was a young lady walk out to school bus. Okay. And just what you said, just that she was about, how would say 17 maybe 16? No, seriously. She looked about 17 blonde. Right. And I know George would have gone nuts over this girl because she was George like a big woman. Like his wife. She was not fat, but like you don't want to talk about. Yeah, her name is Ahmed. Right. But big, a big young lady would like very ample. You know, you're all the right part of my house. And I thought to myself, if I were of that persuasion boy, I would be stopping right now to find out where she's going to be spending the rest of the afternoon. There you go. Oh, no, she's a little bit underage, but she's getting older by the minute. That thought did cross my mind. Have you seen a video that Schneider's wearing does where she's got her hair dyed red? No, she's got this. No, like two cops. But I know she loves the back street boy. So how bad can she be? You go, boobies are hanging out. I'm going, girl. And nuts. Who's in the back street boy? I don't know. Those kids, that's what they're better. It's better, big breasts. Yeah. All right. Okay. Now. Okay. Pal, she might have to wait for president. There you go. I've got news for you. She got a better chance in Elizabeth Doll. If there's anybody seriously, you were public and summary. I'm ecstatic. I'm happy. You may be very happy about it. Okay. The idea that you keep wanting to put all these people in there that got no chance. They've got a Chinaman chance. In addition to what you keep doing these pools. Oh, but you know, Elizabeth's soul would be the allegory right. I hate to break the news to you. But it's March 1999. It's a perfect name, by the way. Remember when he ran for president and he really pulls, oh, he was trouncing Bushman. He was all over. He was like 185 points ahead. And when he, yeah, he couldn't win a fixed election. Michael Dukaka. It turned out. So all these idiotic pools. Like, does anybody really believe that Elizabeth Doll could get elected? No, nobody believes that. But now the new deal is, you know, the husband's worst diff like Boba, you know, he's embarrassed himself. Let's make Hillary Senator from New York. Okay. Let's make Elizabeth Doll president. Then that way, you know, Clinton can move into another place in the live like, you know, high in the hog. You know, all but he there. Or no, I guess in Washington. That's right. You don't have to move anywhere. We're not thinking about thinking about. Let's make her governor. He deserves to be an Albany. And then let's make, you know, and then Bob Doll gets the only way Bob Doll ever getting the White House or said, maybe for lunch. We're talking media equity. Maybe you wonder why the public is just not interested. They're more interested in anything else. Anything that'll help him kill some time. Diversions per version. You name it. That's what they want to know from. You better remind me to a registered vote for the next election because, but by that, what it gets the round of that time, I'm going to lose my enthusiasm for it. I think I might register too. Yeah. Let's register to vote for those of us who haven't registered in years and years. I have to piss off that little poor buddy nevin's. Okay. Here's a mobile and highly. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. We're going to be a very fancy. We're following our shocking development. My buddy. Go. We. We. Yeah. By. My. So. So. We're just sitting here. We're picking a lid out of our ass. We're so excited about what you just said. Very, very weak. Like I said, now, why couldn't we have Asians come here? Bustos. I know we're very far from Asian. It's kind of hard across the Pacific and get through the, you know, a, a pan and a cannal, no, whole deal. Maybe they maybe to go down under underneath. What do they call a keep as a keep. I always get confused. Keep porn or Cape of a verdict. Cape of a coral. Cape something. It's the horn. Cape horn. I mean, it's a long way to get here. But why couldn't we have that, though? Yeah, I love the Asian people. They're so industrious and they're so polite and they're so bright and they're so brilliant. And there's nobody screaming at how we got a free China from the communist. And about how they want to go back there. You know, well, good. And they smell great. Oh, they're marvelous. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Very weak Thursday. I give you folks an F minus so far. Yeah, so far. I'm waiting. That guy called yet by the way, would that burn? No. What? What? What are you laughing about? The other guy promised me that that guy would call. Sir, you know, something you've taken. It's like it's like, like, I was talking to the Chinese. Like I mentioned the week or two ago about reaching into in that Sony operation. You know, the bloodless operation. Or they do that slide of hand crap. And rip people off in charge of 1000 dollars for an operation that never took place. And they're sure that chicken blood all over their stomach and make them think they had an operation. That's what it's like. When you got a guy that promises you something like that that goes wherever wherever it was, wherever it is, where it has to burn, it's not over his offices. Promises you information is going to share with me. And what's more importantly with all the people out there in the audience, with this guy, the real thing is he full of crap. People are spending not millions, but billions of dollars to try to lose weight to try to get their health back. And all these herbal stuff, Saint John's worth. I don't want no words, but everybody in their brother is doing worse now because I think it's going to make them feel better. And this guy refuses. He refuses to call and help us out with any just with information. The call is free, sir. Here's Miami. Hello. I'm going to help. Yes, sir. I don't know if you got to chance to see extra last night. They had Jerry follow-up cousin. Is gay cousin? No. Oh, I'm going to use this discussing Jerry's more. How much show was this on? Extra. Another trashy tablet. Oh, I don't see that. I just panicked through it. I thought taking a week, he's going to have to stop. Yeah. But it was really funny because he was used to discussing Jerry follow-up and had the fact that, you know, that he doesn't have an agenda being gay. And he's tonight was seen as in the advocate man magazine. Nate, I don't know what Jerry's thinking about that. Yeah. Actually pretty funny. Also encouraging to the guy who's called. I think Jerry takes it up the year and she knows how to really do. Of course. I think he does. Of course. You know, I'm swear you're not those guys. Of course. And it's not about Jimmy, but I think Jerry does. It was a response to the guy who called about, I called yesterday about, should I, at Point 1, if you had a real girlfriend, you wouldn't have to be fantasizing about Should I at 20, you wouldn't have to go any further than your right hand for your girlfriend. And it's like all these sports nerds that we got on this radio station. If they had a real girlfriend, they wouldn't have to keep or run on the titty bars and talking about on the year. That's right. And two. You know what I'm saying? And two. Why doesn't Corey have a girlfriend? He's not a bad looking guy, huh? He's a, you know, I come about a seven and a half on a scale of 400. You know. I don't feel the more than having to go it going to ring with that guy. I beat the crap out of them so you can go home and tell him to smile on me and his boyfriend. They used beat up by a bag. Okay. Have a good day. So, seriously, I mean, Corey's not a bad looking guy. You think? Yeah. I didn't say he was a great looking guy. We don't have any great looking people working in this radio station. He's not ugly. Huh? He's not fat. He's better than average. Right. Right. That's exactly what I just said. Okay. So why do you see, I don't want to say who was that, you know, turned him on all the way to the store to live life and barbecue for me. Yeah. Two, you know, kept to come on a year and then I said, every guy damn titty bar that he went to. Who cares? I'm listening to Boogl and the store in back last night. I'm getting her about Corey's a sexual exploits. Which was quite frankly, Jesus. Although it was more interesting than heard about the kid with a great arm. He was eight years old. Time in Roth Jr. I swear to God, it's somebody maybe somebody will call and take the name of this because it's a real person. And I think his name is Heiman. I think that was the right part. Or maybe he's got one. I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil. So I might as well have one with you too. Right. So who's got to get your own food club? What's your name? Josh Pickle. I'm a very kind of person. Can you get like him tonight? Yeah, but I'm a clown. Who's that with the black guy like you? I really like him tonight. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. Can you get a guy like you? I'm a clown. Can you get a guy like you? I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. Can you get a guy like you? I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. Can you get a guy like you? I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. I'm a clown. They're all around. They're beating around. They're all around. People aretexting around. That Signa, Nationalief's Army Department. Nowadays there's nothing. You're too small. What are you going? Getting you bullied into fact?'t paying no attention. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. On the weakest. 13 to noon at five, six to three. I'm by the way, speaking of Luke Shambi as I was moment ago. I forgot the highlight of this trip for the supermarket. See if I turned a radio on, I don't have my CD in there immediately. And actually here a little bit of the station is always an adventure. There's always something to talk about. He starts out before he went into his movie reviews because he was not against the NCAAs. He wasn't going to get any calls on his desperate and before talking about Korean, the Titi Barz. He starts out by talking about Joe Torrey of the Yankees. You know, he's got the prostate cancer. And he goes into that of course anybody who's like, even if you don't know baseball or don't know exactly who Joe Torrey is, you don't wish any evil on anybody. Unless they did something bad to you. So we all wish the best for Joe Torrey. Okay? People like him is a good guy and every stole a freight train, et cetera. But he goes through this long, syrupy thing. He says, Oh, we'll all say a prayer or two to the big man upstairs. And I thought, as you talking about Josh Friedman again, or Jeff high, which big man upstairs, oh, how'd you like him to elevate it with those three? No, not one of these elevators. We got the crappiest elevators man. There's like every five minutes breaking down like you're copying machine. Boog Shambi, Jeff high and Jeff Friedman. Talk about the weight going down. Talk about suck to fat off my fatty. Go and this is the elevator that can't go up it only goes down right. Woo. I can't see whether it's it only goes down. Two open lines in day. Just like Bob do before we took the Viagra. 560, 750, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. The big man upstairs. Let's say a prayer. Now let me ask you something if there's a big man upstairs, how come you let Joe Torrigat prostate cancer in the first place? You fat orange hair and asshole. You idiot. Why do they feel compelled to say these idiotic, moronic things? Why do we have to go through this idiotic exercise? Are you scared? Right. What's the point? Say a prayer to the big man upstairs for a Joe. Let's hope he's got a good doctor. That's the end. You really need a prayer for that. I wish I had one. I don't wish I had a good doctor. I wish I had a doctor period. Not a good doctor. Just like a real doctor. Just period. Just for a little while. And you wonder why doctors commit so much suicide? Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello. Uh, I'll go mail. Yes sir. Yes sir. Comment in a question first on the part of the baseball project that call a cold unit. I think his name is Buster Haiman. Buster Haiman. Yeah. And, uh, hello. It comes, sir. I question on, uh, on Joe DDR Day, listening to uh, managed for your swimming in football. There was a common, you may have said that, uh, the module has supposed to, in every interview, see a regular, any tour, there were presentation. You've always been introduced and he had a sickly and a contract. It's what, uh, what the world's greatest baseball player. I was kind of so full, Liz. Yeah. I was shocked in here that and I mean, they always said the world greatest living baseball play around maybe, and that's possible. I don't know about that. I think there's a few others could be disputed with this. No, no, I'm not talking about that, but I'm just saying the phrase they did used to introduce in that way, because they showed about 7,000 clips of this last since he croaked. That's incredible. Yeah. That's incredible. And it closed, and I can only say, as far as Joe Torres unfortunately, but I think tonight's the five families in New York are holding the real three for him. Okay. Do you reject Satan? I do. We have an open line of day one at Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. The world is loaded with hypocrisy. What a bulletin boys and girls. Yes, Virginia. They're a bunch of hypocrites out there. They're, you know, the most modern ways don't do as I do, do as I say. By the way, did you know there was a Puerto Rican mafia in Springfield and the Midwest out there on the guiding light? Well, seriously, I mean, there's only one family. That's the best part of it is there's a couple of, you know, a couple of hundredlings, who are like, got busted the other day because the, the new Michelle, the new young, calling Michelle whatever she is. That's it was just all over the place, just unbelievable. Must be everybody turning it off because I don't get any calls on it anymore. Especially since heart died, you know, all those are desperate women out there. Since heart croak, they're gone. I'll offer that show. I guess Billy ain't fooling them, huh? Here's a lady in, in, in, cutlery, a cello. Okay. She doesn't like to show it all. She thinks it's full or she said, but her husband wasn't a lot. Thank you, sweetheart. I hope, sir. You know, I hope that you get a wild, what a case of diarrhea that keeps you on the throne for months, okay? Because you sound dangerous to me. You sound like a real miserable bitch that would actually take the trouble to make the phone call to tell me you don't like this show. Find something else to do. Okay, sweetheart. Is the only you a gunpoint is at it? Yes. Good. Maybe we'll all get lucky. Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty. Fowlmouth, spick, bitch. That's what we had right there, okay? What are you looking at me? She was a spick. She was a spick. No way. Yes. She was married a freeway. Not no way, freeway. You are so defensive, man. Well, let's wrong with you. I have, and to talk about a hypocrite, you put on such a big act. I've mentioned that so many times that I'll mention it again and again because it bears the suffering of you. You, you pretend you put on this big denial like you're not a professional Cuban, but if anybody, I didn't say she was Cuban, I said she was a spick. She was going to be above. She was from your Ecuador. Now, you don't know what nobody from Ecuador do you? There was no accent there. Do you know anybody there? Sheer is how it was. I knew people from Ecuador. Sure. Okay. How about you going? I'm a what? A Vera. I was speaking to Yogi. Here's Boca. Hello. Boca. How about pressing the button? Do you okay? Try to tell her. Yes, sir. You know, I like to let you know. I really love your show. I like music things. There we go, but you start this bitch. Yeah. You're a bitch or a bitch or a bitch. Yeah. And I swear to God, that's not what you're saying. I'm still only asking this. What do you like to show for? I love it. I'm going to tell you about all kinds of things. If I'm going to show it, you're a instead of just screaming and screaming with your right next piece of English. Why don't you tell me why? Because since I do it all the time, you love it. Don't you, sir. You love it. You suck it up. And the show too. You know what? I think you're right. Okay. Thank you. Well, that was I like this guy. That was easy. He only listened to me, but she said, and who else had to talk about music? It's boring. Oh, this is the best. No, they're the best. I mean, it's like I said the other day. It's subjective. If you like it, don't add y'all. Don't expect the rest of the world to validate your opinion. If you like that music, even if everybody knows it's crap and a laugh at you, listen to it. That's all. Everybody's so worried about what everybody else thinks. That's your biggest problem folks. You're too concerned about pleasing the guy damn Joneses and the Smiths and the Robinowitzes. That's the guy damn problem with this freaking world. I don't give her crap on anybody thinks. So sick and terrible at these pussy's out there. All these little emotional weaklings that are so concerned about being that's like Greg Budelle, you know? Does everybody really hate me? Do they all hate me? Yeah, we hate you. Yeah. In your case, it's not paranoia Greg. It's real. Maybe it's that first name, okay? As in Greg Reed. Oh, what a good week. This has been. We haven't seen him in all this week. Can I down here? Yeah, you have up there. George had to go through a rumple still skin jumping up and down a song and a dance so that we can get a lot on our door and the studio's upstairs on our great new studios. So they run away with all our stuff up there. I'm serious Ricky Martin is gone. I mean, who the hell would steal Ricky Martin? Like, COVID-19, I've either. That was here. I went home. I thought maybe I took it home. What the one I take it home for? When I listened to it at home? No. No chance. And don't even have a naked picture of a mother who don't want to ask. Here's my me, be, cello. Hey, now I love you, cello. Yes, sir. What a run of cars you've had. I liked that last guy though. He was good. Anyway, listen, real quick. I don't know where you should. You're a viable time. Yeah. I'm stacked. I have a young daughter and it's driving me crazy because life is very much to be enjoyed. I'm not put this with all this, this bowl crap around. But I am not seeing one immediate coverage this week about this stupid serialite till from this perspective of, you know, how much will she raise my daughter to enjoy her life? Do not have to be perfect. I have to have breasts and plants. Right. If she gets some kind of, she just tell her she sees it on television. It's full of crap automatically. Okay. Just tell her that right up front. Is this ridiculous? You have to be perfectly ideal. It's not only that, but the idea that you could take up pill and it's going to like melt away this serialite. What kind of idiots are doing is millions of people now are going to go out there rushing to their drugstore to buy this and their supermarket to buy this crap. So that the sundown vitamin people can make millions of dollars and boost their stock up or whatever. It's a tragic case. You try to teach intelligence and everything, but none of that matters anymore. Nothing. Right. Well, if you just stay naked in front of your daughter, I'm sure she'd understand that nobody's perfect. Ah, maybe. Okay. Okay. Whatever you say. Oh boy. Now they're not narcissists out there, aren't they? You think so? Yeah. See, it's always a good idea like Dracula. Don't get too close to the mirror. We have an open line of day one and Brian, what are you eating? I thought you had a shallow, and they're eating pasta or something. Oh, that's what? Those are the onions. Oh, onions. Thank you, Drub. Not the real super spicy onions. No. These are very mild. Oh, that's what I need. What? So come over. Oh, chuckle. Your damn right. Come over for me. My good buddy, chuck over to Subcenter on the corner of 5 theory road and 441. FNA, baby. He'll be over here in the heartbeat. Slow down. Now I want one. Then a salad too. I want, you know what I want for lunch? How about Brendan? What? Let me tell you what. We go upstairs. If somebody steals this picture, then then I will not come in. Then I'm going to go home and soak. And maybe it's a very flattering picture. Maybe you don't really know that looked that good. And nobody has saw it. It's those that Brendan Barmer from where do you go to school? Whatever. Or maybe they just don't want us to a share. They don't share. We're going to have a palmetal high. Maybe it's a flattering picture. So who cares? I'll keep it right here close to my heart. Yeah, push. Back to the nose. The first time I've seen this video, I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen it. So many people comeators. They've seen that.  sprawdend. They have seen that, they didn't even know.Mus. Moves in mud coming. We're leaving them to the front of the f***ing line. The fire is gone and the door is gone. We're leaving them to the f***ing line. We're leaving them to the f***ing line. We're leaving them to the f***ing line. We're leaving them to the f***ing line. God! Bitch! Look over there! Come on, man! That's your way! How do we open the set of notes and tell record to the all-time record for the most of the groups that George had to put into a f***ing thing? We have two open lines today, 560, 560, 560, and mobile one line. Take over from Vegas where you can be sure he's plunging his guts out. He'll be on it to a clock with his NCAA preview. Are we all fired up about the NCAA on his show? No, no. How about that print? You know, Princeton was playing George's time last night. I saw a couple of them into that game. You had a bunch of all white kids playing all sports. It was the shows and the angloes. And I'm pretty sure the angloes won. I mean, they were way to hell ahead. Let me take a look. Let me make sure. I don't want to give misinformation out here because we never do that, do it. Well, a lot. The station's famous for it. The Princetonman at the game come on. Somebody call in George real quick. Tell us who won that game. Here on your sports station. Who won that stupid game? Come on, where is it air? We don't care about the NBA. Where is the important stuff? These these newspapers, the gators, who cares about the freaking gators? College basketball. Here we go. Where the hell is it? Where is it? Pages and pages and pages. NCAA this high school. Area goal. Princeton holds off the lawyers. 54, 4, 55, 47. How do you like that? The angloes. How do you like it? The angloes. I thought I mentioned that in passing. Here's a mobile and a lot of hell. Hey, how are you doing? Okay, sir. It would be good colors today talking about what yesterday is about the music. You know, I think we should do. How about an ablencon show? What's it written for me? But how about an hour devoted to Jim Mandage? Yeah. Were you flutch packing? Yeah. Okay, there you go. Open line. And he's talking about the other colors. Open line, Broward 2 in Dave 5 6 70 5 50 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Maybe that's what he had on his mind. What he just said. Here's a mobile. It's North Miami. By the way, the guy calling yet from the Bernstein thing. Mobile in North Miami. Mark Recky. Oh, yeah. No, there's another good call. There he goes. There's lower one. Look, I said, you're not fooling anybody guys. You got no material. I'm going to hear something. I'm going to do this every day because that other guy before admitted at the end of the call. That he was very agreeable. I like him. He admitted that he coalition just because I scream in bitch and carry on. I'm going to believe me. The audience gives me ample reason to do it. Everybody got into my life. I'm not going to waste my time clippin' stuff out and writing notes down. I ain't talking about forget it. Why bother? I'm just going to come in. Whatever. Let's see what you guys got. Okay. We all know I got a small one. Let's see what you got. Which so far today is like a big fat zero. Yeah. In fact, no. I take that back in a minus column. What you got so far. 567 0560 pound 560 on the mobile one line. We don't even have anybody to do. Who hanked myor was? Much less Peggy Kass or the poor guy from Lester's diner. You know, something if this was any kind of a ton, we would have already had 5000 calls. About Lester's diner. You know, the circle they're worried about. Forget the circle. Let's not a landmark. Lester's diner. That's a freaking landmark. That needs to be preserved for positivity. Don't let that build condos on that corner over there on 84. That's a freaking landmark. Lester's diner. That's that's the real part of the heritage in history that we can relate to. Not some circle at a bunch of, you know, barberians put out there of 1000 years ago. Right? Well, well, what's the big deal with that? A bunch of skeletons in rocks and maybe there's a few Indian pennies out there. Let's go check. Before it's too late. Here's a mobile in Bokello. Hey, no, we'd love you, man. Yeah. I don't really have any, uh. Okay, thank you. Okay, we have an open line at Broward 2 in Dave. Five set. When he said he's never in material. So why push him, okay? Why put pressure on his guy? He's got nothing. Hey, that should be our theme song today. The whole audience can get together on account of three. We got plenty of nothing. Come on, let's hear it. That's your theme song today. I'm here to expose this town for what it is. There's a vast wasteland. There is no Miami. There is no Fort Lauderdale. There's only a bunch of bedroom towns. There's Pembroke Pines. There's plantation. There's a homestead. There's Kendall. There's a coral springs. Coral, gables, coral ridge, coral list. I was speaking of coral ridge by the way. I heard that one of those big shots up there takes it up to the back. What I just heard somebody was telling me about that yesterday. Wow. Man. Talk about playing a fancy organ. Don't you go back to know you're at your watch baston? In the tradition of the disaster musical comes into Lloydwebbers, Jews in the attic. The end Frank Dyery. You'll leave the theater humming those catchy tune. Like, no more being. I'm writing all this down. Don't flush till I'm not these go home. I've turned in my parents for a stick of the odorant. It's Jews in the attic. The end Frank Dyery. CD available now. And she said, okay, 1214 at 5.60. Well, you were a few on hold. You heard George with the first half of the story. Yeah, what is crystal thinking about that? Well, that was your wife. I thought he was talking about somebody else. So anyway, let's say here about the Korean hostiti bars. I mean, that is astonishing. Let's pray to the big one. The big man up there in the sky. All people who say that. They just, you know, boo guy. I thought you had a chance. Maybe it's not just the fat body. Maybe it's the fat head. I'm just nauseous when I hear people get on in public and say, Are you scared? Like, you know, because they have to pan do they take everybody once they hear that? Most people don't want to hear that. It's laughable. Let's say a few prayers through that big man up in the sky here on Rock and Rolls Sports Talk. Okay, here's the number one topic today. He does do that. Doesn't he? Yeah, he's Rock and Roll Talker. I like him on a Marlon though. He does good work with the Marlon. It's a good one. And why are you smoking? I'm serious. I don't have a problem with boo. Other than that, he does rock and roll on sports talk. It is that show. I like boo. Great with the Marlon. See the pregame show. He does excellent play by play. That's what he should be doing. Didn't I say this even when he was under the wing of that obnoxious Christina Moore that Jack asked that the sports talk show acted used a little bit of work. Okay. Now if it just me or that movie I went and saw last night was that really a piece of crap or what? Come on. What do you think? Hey, Corey. Who are you going to be screwing the night? You getting any? No. Here's a mobile mobile in candle. Hello. I know. Yes sir. Long time listener. I'm right because of you. I'm going to Amsterdam on Wednesday. You're going to be Dr. Bernstein. You're going to Amsterdam? And not unless you say that. I was wondering. What was your favorite? I don't know. My favorite hotel. Yeah. The barbers on palaces. My favorite hotel. But of course it's not for slippers like you. Well, I mean, if you got a few. It's not a see people call it shown. I want to go to a place where they're going to get a hotel for 70, 80 bucks a night. I don't know. I'm thinking like a hundred and fifty. Yeah. That would be about right. I would say. Yeah. And if they're booked, what else was your recommend? What else? What do you want? Do you want to visit all the hotels in Amsterdam? Well, just a second time. It also. The grandcresde Polski, the Swiss hotel. The, uh, there's all kinds of a hotel. Okay. Great. Thanks so much to the hotel. When are you going to be going? Wednesday. Oh, you're going to. Well, next Wednesday. And you haven't made a hotel reservation. What are you some kind of a gypsy? I hope not. Okay. Well, have a good time at that youth hostels. You have a good time there. That's what I'm going to be playing. I, what kind of travelers do we have in this audience? I mean, I hate to break the news to you. But I mean, we have a season here to last for about five weeks. Oh, the hotels are packed. Then, of course, the rest of the other empty. I hate to break the bad news to you boys and girls. But go into a European city like a major tourist destination. And not making your hotel reservations long and advanced. I mean, the last time when I was just this last vacation Amsterdam. I couldn't stay at the bar was on palace. And I, I make my reservations month in advance. It was still booked up. booked solid. And that's the way it is. Like in a real tourist place where they have like real tourist. You know, where they have all those changes places for currency. I know that comes to the shock to you. You want to get, oh, and let me give you a little piece of advice to anybody else. It's going to like go to Europe or any place else or South America. Do not do not. They left the are out of Thomas Cook. Okay. Don't change your currency with Thomas Cook rhymes with Cook. Floated they rip you off. They give you the worst exchange rates. The worst. Now when you go to like a real city, you don't have to worry about that because like in Rome or Amsterdam. You go out there in the streets and all these change you compare the race. In fact, if you go to Amsterdam, let me give them a little plug because a place you'll never forget the name because it's called pot. But that's with two teas. So seriously, that's the habit. It's called POT tea pot currency exchanges. Right, right, right, right, it's almost connected to the Swiss hotel on the damrack right between the McDonalds and the Swiss hotel. Best exchange rate in the city. So you haven't given you some information about about the guy with Dr. Bernstein. So he just being a hard ass. He is. In fact, you know something maybe he I bet you made the whole thing up. He would know Dr. Bernstein from Henry Rothblatt from the jugs with little mustache. I was thinking about that while I was shaving this morning. I got all these years I've been on the year in this town and the stupidity of it calls. Professor Henry Rothblatt, one of the great legal scholars of our time, dead now unfortunately many years. Well written nine corporate nine books law books with Flee Bailey about to wait about about a year. You just have Henry on to show all the time he was great. And we go through our first hour and we're talking about the crime in this and that and just this and petty. And then I give the numbers up because that's why he used to do those interviews. First hour I interviewed the guest second hour we take calls and last two hours I'd bitch the audience out. And it worked like a church like a charm. First call. Professor Rothblatt, my name is this. She's a children. You remember that little judge within mustache in the Bronx? They used to work when he was a little in the mustache. And Henry looked at me and I looked at him and we both went. Oh my god. You know something I could write a book. I really could. What is that? Is that like the mixture of money so we can retire? Is that our final check to pay me off? Is that your stub? It's probably my reimbursement check. The reimbursement for what? That dinner we took the next people off the day. You know I think I have a what do they call it? Abses tooth. I call my dentist. I got a great dentist. I have no doctor but I have a great dentist. I call those things morning to make it appointment. But I mean, but I will but two weeks. And why is it that when you call the dentist? They're always trying to make the teeth cleaning appointment. That like takes priority. I'll do that. I'll get around that. But this is like maybe not an emergency. But you know let's part of this whole thing. I got it. Maybe it's what I got. It's like an abscess tooth or something. Two weeks from today. I get away before I go to the goddamn dentist. But that's okay sweetheart. Because I know all the money is in the in the clean. That's where all that's what's real tells me. All the money is in the clean. The scam. The big racket. And boy those those rods that clean your teeth at the dentist. Talk about avabron. Talk about say this. The whole the whole goal is not not worried about your Gums. It's to see how much blood they can get out of your Gums. And they're just gouging and digging and scraping. And they got that big even cat and hook would be embarrassed. But the stuff that they're doing with that big thing. Thank you a lot of dentists. We hear like this. Take a big thing and you're okay. Here's the North Miami. Hello. Yes. Okay. Great. Open line of day. I'm not sure if that was going anywhere. But he'll never find out. 5. 6. 5. 6. Get in the ticket. Get in the ticket. What do I get? It's a dinosaur. Okay. Not a genius. I don't want to nitpick with you because I know you pretend you know something about hockey. It's a dinosaur. I know it looks like Danyas but it's pronounced dinosaur versus you know get it right. Here's a tamarack. Hello. Yes sir. Deal. Yes. I had what I thought you about your friend Niedermire. I had a privilege to be in on about a year ago. Okay. And maybe we'll do something with you. Okay. We have an open line of day one and a broad five six seven over five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. That's all right. When lunch gets here, I'm playing Elvis the rest of the day. You want music. I got music. Everybody likes Elvis right. Oh yeah. Low preview. All Elvis. All freaking day. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. You're my kid. What do you try to do? Okay. Let's do a mobile and candle. Hello. You got a computer. I think that's something I mean like Elvis personally. Elvis probably couldn't take the as a lipstick the Tyler's rectum. Yeah. I think it's a good gift. Did he? I guess. I like him. Okay. They don't look good anymore. Anyway, I'm kind of, he couple of things. First of all, thank you for, uh, for mentioning the farewell to God book. Did you visit that a picture of Elvis's penis on the internet? Oh, God. Oh, I'm sorry. Anyway, yeah. What did you say? The world would be going nuts. I appreciate the recommendation on the farewell to God book. I just finished it a couple of days ago. I thought it was a fantastic book. Have you said goodbye to God? I did years ago. I just kind of, I don't know. It just was like an entertainment kind of read for me. You know what I mean? It just kind of reinforced ideas I already had before. Just common sense. Right. Anybody who's a brain would understand that the man has invented all his nonsense. And I've got a lot of religious. Not a lot, but I've got to come over. And by the way, I mean, the doggy Bible, the other day, that says the dogs all go to have it a man. He just rots in the ground. Yeah. Well, you know how it is. Anyway, that's not the main reason I called. It's kind of a music thing, but not really. I want to be like, you know, you might music you got music. I mean, I'm not going to be a picky today. These people are dead. I'm not going to be picky. It's just interesting about the, you know, how I do a groove through a lot of the bands that you mentioned. We do like similar stuff. But you, you mentioned something the other day when I got was trying to be an O-jam for Bacotour about the, you know, the drummer for arrow. Right. Right. We didn't know either, right. Yeah. And so here's a bit story Reynolds. Right. It doesn't matter. And in addition, which what did I ever say was an expert on arrow smith because I like it. It would still be like my saying, um, an expert on fish food. Okay. Okay. What are all the ingredients? I don't know what all the ingredients are. Sure. Sure. I don't know what the, you know, milk sugar and H.L.I.N.O. But I'm, I relate my love with music since I've been in the music business, I've worked in the studio. I've been in bands of playing guitar stuff for years and years. I kind of related to the same way that you love hockey and your passion for hockey. Well, my, that's fine. My passion for music. I think it's like being obsessed with it being a student of it. I've never claimed to be that would music. I'm not interested in any of that. Yes. That's that's my main thing. Well, I listen to, you know, different pieces of music by bands or whatever or composes and classical music. I've got this that terrible tendency of picking everything apart. So I like people who say to me, oh, like that song. It's so commercial. Right. In other words, if it's popular, I'm not supposed to like it. You know, either I like it or I don't like it. Not because somebody else likes it because I like the way it sounds. That's all. I make my own judgment. But people can't do because they're weaklings. That's right. And I always see these people who just kind of go along with the trends. You know, just because they're friends like it and stuff. And you know, you'll ask somebody why they like it. And they go, I don't know. Friend of mine likes it kind of thing. And that kind of drives me nuts a little bit too. Yeah. But you know, I just wanted to call him and just let you know that you're absolutely right. Everybody's got their own taste. Everybody's trying to, you know, verify their place and life by trying to convince everybody else of their taste and stuff. And it doesn't make it easier for you to like it. Look at 600 people in a roll call and here and tell me how crappy taste and music and I couldn't care less. I don't care. I'm not interested in in clothing. Yeah. I wish I would write a book because I'd be the first in line to buy it. And maybe you could smash a little tiny picture in the cover of Gell these BBs in there. Okay. Thank you. If he had any. We have an open line in date five. So yeah, I think I've an abscess tooth. You know, I think I thought, right, this one right here. Or maybe it's one of these that have a gold crown. Oh, yeah. Huh, I really do. And I'm going to sit around a way too weeks to find that out. See, I should have told her because she said, well, you know, I feel it was like something really desperate. I could get you know, you should always say it's an emergency. You should lie a lot. I mean, it's not an emergency exactly, but it's close. And if it's maybe something in my teeth that's causing all of this stuff, then that would be great. Because certainly I've been to the community's leading doctor over the last of several. weeks and they can't figure out how much health he is a horse they tell me. I'm doing great. Yes, I've been to some of the most leading, I mean physical institution in his town. I've been to patch Adams you. I've been to Cleveland Clinic where they have those good ads on the Panther games. See, if I were hockey, you know, I was thinking that to myself yesterday. Who the hell was I watching on TV? Some very, oh, it's fine, Brennan was talking about jewelry and his prostate cancer. And I was thinking to myself, if I were George Steinbrenner, and I had the same, you know, the rash on the neck and the sword draw on the headaches and all these kind of like vague symptoms I've had for like the last two or three months. When I still have them now, do you think? No, no. Because they would, they would, you know, they team of, and I got a few bucks. I'm not afraid to spend some money if that's what it takes. But like, people that are important like that, which I'm not important, but people are like very important with mega money. They wouldn't suffer it like for three days with this. Do you follow what I'm saying? He'd have every guy damn specialist. They'd had like every test that's ever been invented. And in a week, they do whatever was the problem they'd strain his ass out. But I get, oh, wait another six or seven weeks, okay? Mark, how could you come on the air? It would be bad enough if you said that to me and private. I would still laugh, you know, or cry or both. But to come on the air and say, why don't you win another six or seven weeks and see if you're still alive? A planet where eight, he's all from then. I really, really want to go. A pilot, giant, more than monocos. I smoke, marijuana, marijuana. And shot a low, not monocos. Monica is a woman who was an intern in the White House. Instead of taking mellows, she took off her white blouse. I guess you could say I'm the talk of the nation. Not a real good time for a family vacation. Let me just say thanks for my high approval writing. I look to no Americans, don't mind if from Marital's dating. I really, really want to go. A pilot, giant, more monocos. I'm stretching and trying to go. And then, bad, more monocos. Hillary is angry. I really thought I lost her. But I said she'd stay with me. I should up about this monster. And for daughter Chelsea, I know why she's mad. She's a college sophomore, but gets you or things and things. I know I could have skated and escaped this big Ole Miss. I'm going to monocos. I'm more careful about that risk to do on her dress. I really, really want to go. A pilot, giant, more monocos. She blew my heart monocos. And I blew my nerve monocos. I really, really want to go. A pilot, giant, more monocos. She blew my heart monocos. And I blew my nerve monocos. First three. 12, 31 at 5, 60, WQA and Hank Oberg coming up at 2 from Las Vegas. Got it. I wish he were here and I was there. I wish I was in Vegas right now. What a great place. Got a big smile on your post all the time. You're running around from this place to that place. You're losing your ass. You're always happy. You're looking forward to the next great meal. The next great loss. We could do a week for there. Oh, yeah. W-E-A-K week. We're lucky we can get through a whole week here. Forget about going there. Hey, if they can't get us on the air, let me say it again. We're going to be a team. See, in this business, they call the program director. It's PD. We have a PP paper pusher. Oh, yeah. Well, I'm going to get those morning guys straight. Not going to keep back in that last eight minutes spot break up against your show. And I know. Yeah, that worked for a while about a week. See, the problem is when a man is totally impudent when he's been devolved and declored by the general manager and everybody knows that he walks around with no cloud, no authority. And it's a neurotic about it. I mean, what's the point? It's a good guy. Just impudent. Useless. Here's a mobile in forlaterdale. Hello. Hello. We need Steve Nichol. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'm going to Amsterdam on June 28. I want to know about from ship-al airport into the city. Skip-al airport. Skip-al. Thank you. That's why I called you because you're- Sir, let me tell you this. Don't take a cab at all cost you about with a typical cost you like 75 builders, which is 37 and a half bucks for six and a half builders that's $3.25 cents. When you're inside, when you get out through the customs, you know? Yep. You'll ask somebody because you haven't been there before, I guess, right? I think 73. Okay. Well, you wouldn't recognize it. You'll ask them where the train station is right inside the airport. There's a big train station area. And you go and you buy your ticket. Tell me you want to ticket the central station. Okay? I remember that. And the trains leave like about every 50 or I mean right on the dot daily. And it's like $3.25 and six and a half builders. And you'll get on a train and you'll be right next to central station. It takes about 12 minutes. So it's a lot cheaper. It takes half of the time in the cab and it's the only way to go to the main part of town. And then no matter where you're going, you'll be right there. Right there. Where we're staying in a place called the Prince and Grat Hotel. Which is near Prince and Grat again. Well, that must be here. Is that the street or the hotel? It's a hotel. The Prince is called the Hotel. And I guess Grat is one of the rivers one of the canals. Yeah, then I think that's right near the Bob is on the surface. Perfect. It's right near central station. You walk right across the street, I believe. That's right. All the hotels are booking up right now. Yes, right on the money. That's right. I have a great time, pal. Thank you, sir. Okay. Santa, trouble. Stay out of that red light district, baby. Thank you. Chuck, there's a great American. Stop it over here all again. With another order for me with my lunch. You know, Dr. Bernstein at Kentucky, basically the same guy. I wonder if Dr. Bernstein, you know, did that guy call you? You don't think he's ever going to call? That was just saying, no. Why? Because he's one of the people in this town that automatically should tell you about off the bat. He's a pussy. He's a walking, talking, living, breathing pussy. No balls. He's like a guilty of the colon audience. Why would he talk to you? But he won't talk to me. Even though he talked to me before. I was very nice to him. I remember the call. They wanted to talk to you off the air. Why? He didn't want to go on the air. Why? pussy. pussy. Open line and date one at Broward. That's why I'm just talking about. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You should have been talking to you then. And Pomp 5, 60 on a mobile one line, not me. Here's a mobile and crawl spring, hello. This could be big, you know. What is that? A huge call. Have a normal copywriter title before somebody else should have said it off. This could be very successful. By the way, you know what all of the spreads last words were. Okay, we have an open line in the date two and I'm about 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And Pomp 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Your bed, your bed, your week, your boring. You're boring. You're the reason people are bailing out of this time by the thousands. Okay, this is why all the people are getting on planes and trains are going like all these people are going to Amsterdam. They're going anywhere they can to go out of this place. this place because of you sir because of all the people like you you're boring your terminal your ponderous your old your stale you're like last year's holo mom and they're like home and touch from the year 2000 Vc five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's a mobile in a candle hello yes sir better get uh... i wouldn't wait two weeks for that to because i read an article yesterday that they have linked them to these to blood clots which causes heart attack you know so finally that is to get it taken care of no i'm gonna call her back to siaf known in tors and emergency and i want to go in your life you're a monday exactly right all right if not sooner okay thanks a lot about now i'm gonna add this book grab a left like with my dermatologist you know see i listen to the reception isn't that was used in a making way to we've been i talked to my buddy Stanley over there come on over right now you know that's what you got to do it i better talk to my buddy Gary the dentist some i had a little bit of a problem there i need to get over there immediately with my son or not to allow these pens with these go in between people you know well uh... he's really take a look here the computer and uh... you know why you are is like this we've been through working down and all crying in my bed i turn up to be because they say the NBA is dead riding use up to buy hey Now you gotta be why I've reached the very healthy man Watch away the purple guy get in here, but it's a thing on the fan We're riding a new jump so high And you can trip without the lift you try You gotta help the drop in hell, you can't get along with that money You gotta be like that Best use burger is I ever had my life satellite hamburgers east-lanting machine Just empty came through my mind during that while meeting my lunch here great lunch again. Thank you Chuck over the sub center My what would we call this again? combo chef salad combo chef salad with all the great I mean really great spicy cool cuts and delicious onions not quite so hot as those other onions Thank you and the veggies are fresh too, especially the tomatoes and oh good to me Which would be good for my prostate if I make it that one if only Joe Tory would be you know, I don't understand that Don't they say that all these are cooked to me, so this is the big deal now great again to guard against prostate cancer To make a paste to make a sauce pizza sauce. Huh, would you think Joe Tory a good Italian boy if you would adjust eaten more a mama's pasta Joe Later on at sauce Or maybe they're just full of crap in their line to us as they usually do like with at low fat scam and others saying oh guess what we were wrong Just like with the fiber oh we were wrong, but we kept your regular Here's a pay phone in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, don't great and I'm using like the chime in and fasting tonight. It's probably the hottest babe in the music industry And secondly, I'm going to tell you I'm going to an original rock band down here in Miami or called the on-solvation Yes, sir, and you know we call the name for this down to by the way I wanted to tell you that we can ring what we're in the vein of you know the wallflowers are a Jacob doing about doing something Yeah, sure It's so much that we rocked out a little more, but so much that anyway we get her hang by these Christian groups You know they you know call us are you email us leave messages for us about our name They judge us before they take the time to even find out what about what about our name You know they call us and they go nobody's beyond salvation Oh, that's like the Tampa Bay devil raise all over it Jesus Oh, but just a freaking name already I want your ambition to go in I'll do it I'll do it You're going to be hang on Good luck. Okay. There's your guys looking for a little. Hey, why not? What kind of famous we made the Enrique glacis? We have an open line in date five six seven. Oh five six. The pay I think it's my if I do this is psychome is somatic now I think under my gold crown or something rotting under there. You know like what's left of that tooth I think I got like a real bad abscess or not Sound good though. Hey, it's a better diagnosis than I got from Dr. Field good Here's Miami. Hello I know oh I tell speaker for me at the same time. Okay. Oh, are you great? I'm eating too. Oh look at that I second the emotion of the other guy I said to write a book. I would definitely be a number one. I'll be number two. Okay. And a good way Couldn't believe it. You get your book because I'm serious. I'm sure you have a lot to tell. Oh, do I Yeah, but you know all the books there's a put it an efficient department because nobody would believe any of it. I'm serious Yeah, people really think that I make this stuff up and I'm not I'm that you work for these bastards in this town. You have to exaggerate I just wish that when I was young grad would have you know been, I don't know Yeah, but able listen to you because I didn't listen to you to love like maybe 18 1991 I was going to call it right. But I've been here all my life since I've Sorry since I had about 66 of my dad and I would love to hurt you a K.T. And announcing the ball getting Stuff like that because you got a great. You're very articulate and I would love to you know hurt it I mean, I was I was no sonny heard from a good answer. One thing I liked is that I worked a midnight shift So I never catch any traffic on my you know, I'm basically a vampire and I it's unfortunately I do have to take care of some business through the day sometimes the traffic in this place. I can understand why people She's other people here and the road rate is gotten this place is ridiculous. Yeah, it's there's nothing I don't know anybody if I do a lot of screaming and swearing. I'll tell you that. I thought I found myself everything Everything coming over I'm hanging on my I'm hanging on your thing. I'm a calm guy, but I'm going to hang in my The stream wheel and piss off. I wanted to get out of the car and beat this other guy It's ridiculous and I can understand why we have to talk about that problem. Yeah, but old people illegal aliens Oh, and I love those those uh the tanks that are rushed almost about to fall apart Right, and then they hate you and gets what no insurance there you go and no driver's license And you got nothing that and there's nothing you can do and there's a hand report and no vision or master car and right You're the greatest good luck. Yeah, and that's good when you work late and I want to work eight to midnight all those years Get off of midnight. No traffic. It's clear sailing baby We have to yeah, I think I'm talking myself into an abscess to open lines in date five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line Here's Carl spring, so I Good afternoon first I got a little music story and then get the dentistry But only because you mentioned the glazes again except the sun. I was with the background and music a lot of times I get asked to help people on the studio listening to those girls pre-production tapes And I'm going to his way too much reverb on your vocal track and she goes to me Well, who will he go and glaze he just uses it all the time. Yeah, and I go yeah, right. That's because the guy can't say right Anyway, that's who I back to dad and I thought I thought you'll respond back to dentistry You dentistry in my opinion One and an old who's your opinion the new scam medical profession of the 90s is like every other dentist I go to I moved a couple of times to the past three is working in radio also and it's like every other dentist wants to do work that I know I don't need One dentist even when I had a did some extra work after I was under the under the gas I had a go to the I was living on a spagus actually I had a go to the Nevada dental association one of the group is and I was only one of ten people who would complain about the guy So what's your opinion there are a lot of dentists who like to do in some drilling after the give it a gas people living Yeah, maybe you were his type You ever know when you wake up, but no I had a guy last year telling me that I needed I won't for crown me Don't need it a rookie now See my problem is not dentists and doctors that do too much my problem is doctors and dentists I don't want to do anything that's the problem. I don't know wish they wanted to do too much I wish they gave me the courtesy of that much time and attention That they wanted to do too much as opposed to just a look at a sure what I call this morning Which I haven't been I'll admit it I haven't been in the dentist in two years everybody hates the dentist I usually go every year I haven't been in two years You got to go more than that I know I'm just for claiming right by the way claiming that will broken up into two sections if you just going to Training thing is the scam my friend. That's where the big scam is because that's where they make all the big bucks Well, if you have a dental plan and you get two free cleanings a year That is all of a sudden only the tooth surface if if they're supposed to clean around the gum area That's another 60 bucks on top of the regular clean. Yeah, no, what if they just leave the left start? Let's take us to the lips Yeah, that's a hundred bucks Hey, you go. They just wipe it off. They just pat it down a little bit Well, good luck with your tooth. Thanks. Bye Yeah, let's see if move from the medical thing is if I had no luck with that to the dental thing Huh, and the more I talk about it. It's definitely psychosomatic the more I start getting like an aching You know, I write in that area and I was telling you about Which I didn't have any acune. I just have like a little a raw gum Anybody want to choose some raw gum We have an open line of day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line is the search for medical care at South Florida continues. Can we find it? No, but it's fun talking about it. So I put you into box Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, but they find it in the herbal things. It's going to get rid of the cellulite Right exactly. If I just have some more St. John's words. Oh my god. I knew I got something for that. You listen I'm listening Okay, so you lead To sell you life Which one is wrong or right Don't pay attention to a towel you until Just stop eating or you big fat well because it ain't gonna work No, they gonna work Oh, they gonna work Oh, they don't work All right, sell you these And sell you life When you make love Just turn out the line Oh my god Beautiful. You got it. I'll ride Okay, that was lovely. Give that about a 92 on a scale of six Open line and date one and bro, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line Any interesting that big end that I've panthers at Washington. Oh, okay What we're gonna have it for you with the elected or not pre game six thirty game time seven o'clock The big big one that I right there in the what are they called I placed the MCI center Which they built right in the middle of downtown and DC was nobody wants to go there because it's real dangerous and a lot of crime and they don't draw flies Nice going Jerry Batman. You're a genius baby bad eyes over all over the league. You can't see the goal lights and the arena's like ours Nice going Jerry Batman go back to Cornell as your little twerp Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach. Hello Hey, Neil how you doing great I have to admit other than all my ailments. I'm doing great That's good. I don't have a whole lot to contribute. I got five minutes before I'm going upstairs. I got two clouds from New Jersey and with me did that just move down here I work with me and I'm dying a little here the bag pipes or buffalo bill because you do want for me before we go up. Yes, sir. Thank you. Okay. Bye. Then I would which one do you think we ought to play? Hi, there's a girl. I think we've got a very successful friend starting by showing us all about something special I'm going to the door right now. Come on. I don't like that Hey, I'm already. Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you Oh, I wonder what it is. It looks like it looks like a catapult. Look at that. It's me bag boy Hey, what's up? Here's your hand. Hey, you're welcome. Hey, what's this right here? That is my ball pipe. What do you do with the blow pipe? You blow it loud. Hey, you put your mouse around it and your blow. Hey, would you like to blow my pipe? Okay, can I? Here we go. Come on, let's get you got the foot. You're my friend. Don't be afraid. It's not going to break. I like this. Hey, that's a boy. Stick it on the way down your throat. Take it. I need to do it your life. What's the first over here? Let's meet Shanta. What do we do with her? What do you do with that, ladies? Put your bow hands on it. Cover the hole and your runny hands up and down the shaft real quick. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, runny hands up and down there. No, I want to do that. Is you want to blow on the pipe. You want us. Please, the bag. Nice and gentle. And then you want to runny hands up and down the shaft real quick. Okay. All together, all at the same time. Okay, here we go. Good, lady. I just feel that. Sure. It's good, ladies. Eat more. Mohada, laden. Adam. Please, the bag. Please, mom. Come here, hand up and down the shaft. Quick, faster. Come here, hand up and down the shaft. Go. Go. Go. You do it. You do it. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. After the kiss, me, but it's me, lady. And don't ever forget boys and girls, the Scottish invented golf. Okay. There you go. Much better if it's between golf and croquet. I don't see very much. Or like Ted Williams used to say, see, I'm like Joe de Magesio. Ted Williams is a little bit smarter. He said, I don't play golf because when I hit the ball, I want somebody else to go chase it. Nice. Go ahead. Go shoot some more pigeons. Same way for. Good point. Golf. And by the way, our morning show at the Honda Classic College, another golf tournament. Oh, brother. I was just thinking while I was playing that. They backed up the spot the last spot break right at the top of the hour. So we get eight minutes of commercials before the show starts. We're following like eight minutes of dead air, which is basically the same as they're sure anyway. But I'm just trying to think of what could be so compelling that they're talking about out there with a golf tournament. You know what I'm talking about? They have to like, can't even interrupt it like for commercials. Sports. No, but we're not talking about sports. We're talking golf. 1256 is five six. You mean to say to somebody out there going to tell me that golf is a sport? Oh, please give me a break. Like I said, like croquet. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Tonight on the Arts and Entertainment Network, it's the true inside story of the lives of those who shape our world with anis autobiography. Autobiography. Let's the history makers tell their story themselves from their own point of view. Saddam Hussein. I have never met a man who dislikes me Saddam. I am what you call a pussycat. And I am not making the chemical weapons. Is the... It's a... A new army's autobiography is your chance to hear a somewhat believable version of the facts. From the people who don't want anyone to know what really happened. Like O.J. Simpson. I think that's it. And it's done. Oh, that's very good Mr. Simpson. But we need the film another 57 minutes. Oh, I did do nothing man. A&E's autobiography every week night historic figures tell that like it really was at least as far as they can remember like Bill Clinton. Mostly I'm terrified that my legacy will be simply, he nailed the fact shit. And that's why I want everyone to remember. I nailed Miss America in a lemmo. Miss America in every voice dream. It was my finest hour. Some would call it an overstated, others might call it deceit. It's their story and their sticking to it tonight on A&E's autobiography. So anyway, outrageous. So when it's after one at five sixty wqm we have two open lines in date. We got an hour to kill here. Where could go and long second us on here? Got my teeth are rotting out. Have a nice lunch from trucks. These are all things you can write in your memoirs. I won't have time to write mine. I'm dying because I can't find a doctor who really cares. How about Dr. Hall Hallmark? A doctor that cares enough to set his very best. As opposed to a doctor with a red rubber nose. Remember that song by the circle red rubber nose? Here is Hallendale. Hello. Hallendale. Hello Neil. Yes sir. I'm a dentist in Hallendale and I care. Oh, yes. First time call her. What's the problem? What's the problem? What's the problem? I don't know. It's like we don't have time on the air to go into all these associated sort of things that have been suffering for weeks and weeks. If you're a dentist won't see you today, here's somebody that will. Really? Any time. Are you serious for you? Any time. Wow. Any time. Right. Come on over. Okay. Give me a judge's stuff. I'm going to do it. Thank you. Hang on. I'll go to Hallendale with line as you take out. I'll go to a real guy that's going to give me right in. And Hallendale. Oh, I hope you don't know Sunny Rosenberg. Ask him if you know Sunny Rosenberg. I don't want to be sitting there with a drill on a whole song of dance. I mean, I don't know Sunny Rosenberg. Oh, boy. They've been waiting years for this. Give me an attire with a drill. Two open lines a day, 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Halle Wood, hello. Hello, that means? Yes, sounds like you. I know. Did the greatest and George did a good when you were on vacation. There you go. Okay. What's not to like? What's not to like? Really? Two things. One is, I know Gary Y. And, uh, yeah. And thinking that there is names starts with an M, right? I know what her name is. I don't want to know. Well, anyway, my wife works for that this not for not far from Dr. Wiseau. That's fine. I'm having a. Yeah. And this guy is great. And I'm sure I could get to him there any time you want. It's strange that I should be following his status just before. Right. I can't find a doctor, but I got a rush of dentist to want to get me in the Sanctin room, which is going to be dead because I got no toothbrush here. And I'm eating lunch right now. And it's not there's nothing worse than going to a dentist after you had a meal and then burst your teeth. All right. Feel like a slum. You'd like, you'd like my wife to have a seat. Yeah, well, what's wrong with Gary Y? What's wrong with him? Yeah. Can't get with him for two weeks. Yeah. That's because I didn't lie to him until I wasn't in the emergency. I should have said to an emergency dammit. I could probably, I could call my wife right now and get you in like a car or a car or a status I'd say. Yeah. But anyway. I'll talk to you. I'll get you an information. Okay. Hang on. Wait a minute. Yeah. One of the things. Yes. I'm looking for somebody. You used to work with a friend of mine named Mike Lyon and Bata4. Oh, long time ago, yeah. Right. Well, he was my sponsor in AA. I'm a recovering alcoholist. And I can't find him. He was fired from there for three years ago. Yeah. Fire from where? He stayed at a four. Why was there that long? Yeah. They said he was 47. They said, well, you know, you're too old. Your boys doesn't sound like rocker roll anymore and they fired him on a Friday. They don't come in Monday. He disappeared and I can't find him. Do you have any idea how I'm going to talk to go about where he is? You know, no. Okay. All right. Why are you letting me get an information to the judge about the dentist? Okay. Thanks. Okay. There's a bottle of booze coming up to. Just a joke. It's just a bad joke. It was in fourth day. Yeah. Now I'm feeling really sick after all this dentist talk. And Dr. Talk and my throat is all strain. I feel like I'm dying over here. Well, he hung up. Why do you hang up? I put it on hold. Use a top hold. And he hung up. Oh. Oh, he heard that. Concent. Oh, you're in the other words. He's a guy with no sense in humor. Well, okay. Too bad. Besides, are you going to go to a dentist at some alcoholic recommend? I don't see that was bad. That was in fourth taste. But that's a good point. Isn't it? So you have to choose between that. All right. And then again, I think about the guy in Hallendale, which I'm sure is a good guy. But there's always funny Rosenberg and RJ Intendola and the outhouse gang. To consider. Two open lines in date county. Six, 705, 60, Pont5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, buddy. I'm an ex of no Terry dental assistant. If I can give you sense in, you know, yeah. If you want to know if you have an abscess, what you do is you get a non-sharp and pencil. Yeah. And you tap on the tooth and the direction of the root. And if you have percussion sensitivity, you feel like pain when you tap very lightly. Or maybe let George do that for you. It's tap on your what were your teeth. Tap on the top of the tooth. I don't have a pencil. I've got a pencil. Pardon me? Do we have a pencil there, George? Non-sharp and pencil. Yeah. Why does that have to be non-sharp? Well, the flat end. You used to tap on the tooth. You're not going to tap on with your with the point end. Why not? Or the rubber end. Yeah. Oh, I've got a non-sharp and a gentle. Okay. How do I do with it? Well, wait a minute. What if it's a tooth that's got a gold crown on it? Well, it'll still. It's the same concept. If you have an abscess, it'll be a 15 which is that one. It'll one. If you have an abscess, you'll feel pain when you tap on it. How is that? Yeah, I recognize that song. They all feel pain when I tap on. What old then you better go see? I'm serious. They all hurt. Well, I don't know what to tell you. I'm serious. I'm really nervous. All right. Well, I'm glad I made your nervous. No, by the way, let me just give you a quick word. The knowledge thing. I just recently learned the word hysterical comes from the same root word as like hysterectomy. The root word for female. So when someone's hysterical, they're acting like the C word. So. Okay. See you. Thanks for the good news. See you later. Next time. We have an open line of day. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Boy, this is turned into a dental talk. And I'm tapping away on a gold crown. But then I thought, well, just just to see you to the comparison, what it feels like with the other teeth. So I'm tapping on the other one. I may be not. Now, that one doesn't hurt either. Maybe you're just in the gums. I think it's like in the gum. I was telling you before. Maybe it's like bone cancer. You know, like in the jaw, something really good in the signing. Something that my doctor could never diagnose. What does rubber nose? 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pond 5 60 on the. Now, this is, it's really like an adventure. It's an ongoing saga. Let's just drag on and on and on and there we go. And of course, they got to Cleveland clinic. He's, he's too important for me. You know, he's worried about the povelled knee. And it's, you know, all this. He's worried about important guys. Not me. I'm a small potatoes. I'm dying. I'm the risk of colon cancer increases in men over 40. Hi. I'm general colon battle for the colon cancer home. Just in kit. It's really quite easy to use. Simply assume this squatting position. And insert the ergonomically designed lubricated cylinder. Now it becomes out brown. The neuro. Okay. I highly recommend this kid, especially since it was named after me. To get your colon cancer home testing. Can have your credit card ready and call 1 800. Okay. 14. 5 60 WQN. There's an open line in date. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pond 5 60. It's too talk today. Yeah. We're talking to. It's. What kind of good stuff today? Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. You have the day I was going to lunch. And I've listened to you during lunch all the time. I'm going to go to get some of the knee. I come back out and I turn the radio on there. So, Marlon is pre game on. What is up with that? Marlon's exhibition this game. Is that the most embarrassing thing you ever heard? Yeah. I almost made me sick of my stomach. Are they in business to make money at that radio station? No. No. We're here to boost Greg Briggs agreed to go. That's the only reason we're here. He wants to be the sportsman. He wants all the professional sports. He wants the Huraculant sports. He wants the FIU sports. We'll have the soccer game. Maybe we can get a matter to our manager or a game on before they go out of business. Don't forget if you get that stuff on there. I mean, this man is out of his freaking mind. And he's made all the entire radio station. And I'll be in health financial hostage by Wayne Hypinga. Thanks, Greg. Reed, being a bozo. Well, you already know that, right? Yes. Hey, I was watching the stage show. There's a guy selling urine samples over the internet. Do you hear about that? No. All right. I guess for people who their company's test them for your drugs. Uh, but that was pretty interesting. They had some other Senator on saying it was a disgrace. Why is it a disgrace if you can buy a college exam? Exactly. You can buy a report. You can buy a class. Right. So why not buy some, and what about if they're doing that stool sample thing, huh? If I somebody else is stool. I'll stay away from that. I'll be with you. Hey, you get the best you're out. I have a great day. You too. I bless you. Remember that? I'm not making this up that thing that Channel 4 did a few years ago. How long ago was that? It's quite a few years ago. Thank God. But that we're doing that colore rectal home testing kit. Remember that? And all you had to do was call up your good friends at Channel 4, which by the way is the old Channel 4, which is now Channel 6. We don't want to blame anybody that shouldn't be blamed. And they sent you the kit. You call them up. They sent you the kit. And then you had to like, you know, a little bit. And then put it in the envelope. They included the envelope, they just said it was already addressed to make sure that the, uh, we go to the right place. The only problem was that the mailman were suining. I remember that that was the exact word on the front page of the Harold. The mail carriers were suining because many of the envelopes were out sealed properly. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh man. I know that some of you letter carriers out there have to put up with a lot of crap, but that don't mean you want to smell it. Yeah, certain some of them mail the Channel 4. How they're Channel 6. They're going to be Tony cigarette or get a good life on. Just send them some of the bags. That's a true story, by the way. Colore rectal test kits. Here's a mobile in Haley. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, a couple of things on the, uh, you, you, you touch the nerve one. Ha ha ha ha. When you said, um, with that penalty, you mean, when now when you, you know, you felt bad not having your toothbrush. If you're going to go right after work today. Right. Well, that's, let me put this, it's relative because, um, you know, that's the one day you don't have to brush your teeth. You pay your dental insurance. You go there for a cleaning and check up. Yeah. What did you say then for? That's a good point. Go, you need a bunch of Oreos doing whatever you were going there. Why, like, that's the thing. Why waste that 10% of toothpaste, you know? Absolutely. And the other thing, a little bit on fact, um, the inventor of toothpaste, I believe, was from the Carolinas. Um, because if he had more than one tooth, he'd call the teeth face. Thanks Uncle Neil. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, man. Was he full of crap? We have an open line in Broward, five six seven and the guy's name was Craper that invented the toilet. I always thought that was a joke. When Archie Bunker used to talk about going to the Craper, the, uh, Craper. Guys named was Craper. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, Chala. Hello Neil. Yes. Point of information. Yeah. And I called her a little while ago, was looking from my client. Someone used to work with. Yeah. And now the chief meteorologist on the ABC affiliate up here in Palm Beach. Oh my gosh. Channel 25 WP, BFF or whatever. So that's where my client is. Great. Guys probably not listening anymore. I think you got pent-out of shit because there's just some of them. I thought over there via something. And every tooth. And a quick tooth story. Good way to dead, dead in that dental pain though. Better no decaying. A lot cheaper. Five years ago, I had pain in the tooth. I went to my Tennessee sent me to a special vehicle. Me, I needed a root canal, 750 dollars. Right. I says FU. And three days later was fun. I've never had a problem since. How do you like that? Say it by self-700 dollars. Like the guy said before, creative dentistry. That's it. Huh. Take care. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Maybe I just got like a little, uh, I'm having the irritation that seems spot eight million times. You know, I'm just getting paranoid and psychotic because of all these different things that go on right now. Because I can't find a doctor that knows his ass from your elbow. With all the respect doctor, Mark, you really leave me cold, baby. You've left me out in a lurch. You with that Cleveland clinic guy. Oh, it might do this and it might do that. And I said, your blood sugar is soaring up and your body will adjust and maybe you'll want to. And then that's it. That's the end. The end. Next. That's the medical profession for you, baby. Next. Two open lines in Broward. Five six, 705, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T. Well, lines you'll wait six to seven years. A little go away. Those are all with you. You have a contract or what? Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I'm down. Listen. I have some deathstens in the world. Yes. Okay. There are biscuits and bothards. And you know what? I would just like to know, so with a, uh, an answer. If you have, um, root canal by any chance. I've never had a root canal. You didn't. Okay. That's the end. Because I don't have any pain. But it was too late, you know, so. My pain is in my gum. It's in your gum. Uh-huh. Like way over on the end. Away on the bottom, you know? And other, where my wisdom teeth used to be, I had them all taken out, like, well, uh, uh, uh, bro, and your tongue keeps going over there and irritating it, you know. It's probably nothing. Yep. We could probably go fabrication there. Yeah. Your teeth are from what? Oh, I think it's just, I don't know. It's probably. I think it's just, I don't know. It's probably. I didn't know what I had. What is it? Scaling and root cleaning. Scaling and root cleaning. Sounds like something you do to a fish. I know, but it really, I'm going to tell you these centers. I used to be terrified. Yeah. I go there. No, I have a very good dentist. I just can't get into the scene when I'm desperate and I'm on death story. That's all. Because his secretary, you know, if you're not bleeding to death, or have a king pain, I guess. You know, I sure lied until there was an emergency. That's all. I'd be there right now. I'd be there right now. And if the people I'm going to now is state of the art stuff, I'm having, I'm having computerized ceramic restoration. Wow. So I'm having all the old filling. You know, there's old ugly glass filling. Right. They're all being popped out. Danny. I got so many of them. Boy, my mouth is loaded with filling. I got filling up the old mouth. You better go to the pan. You know what? I'm telling you, they put a little calories in camera. I should have taken all the filling out and put those new plastic ones in there because all that stuff about, you know, about mercury. No, right. I don't know what happened to Freddie Mercury. No, that. Yeah. But I'm serious. You've got to go. I mean, just eat these and see it because I was there. Well, that mercury keeps releasing gases in your body. And they said that it's very bad for you. Yeah, it can be more. I just loaded with mercury. I think that's it. That's it. We don't have all my teeth pulled out. I'm going to take you. You've got to see this because I was there. Because I feel right, I'm getting all close to being old enough to have my teeth pulled out. You know, I'm being, I'm not even. No, no, no, no, no. I haven't a glass. Oh, no, poor. A little fizzy glass, like Martha Ray. Oh, no, no, you don't want to do that, you know. OK. You could, too. That really, you have to see this. I wanted to go there and see it. I'm not going there. Well, what about a little, therefore? How many deadets can I go visit already? Maybe I'll just take a few days off and visit all of Dennis to some more. No, with distance. And get drilled, which I don't do that, but we're coming to my goal. They're coming at the sear. They're coming from one. Moscow. Yeah. Russia. People come from Europe. The commoners come on Easter. No. Germany. Well, not empty. Yeah, that's great. I have a great day. So, they're lucky. OK, keep getting skilled. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. All I needed some ambassau. I had a little thing of ambassau in my thing in the bathroom. And I went to use it last night when this little rotation started on the gun. And I went to open it up and I couldn't open it up. It was a, and I look at the date to expired 94. 5 years ago. And then I thought, well, I can't open it up with my hands. I'm going to, and I thought, no, don't do that. No, seriously, having, now you admit, you've opened up stuff with your teeth all the time. And I thought that just what I need is, of course, here's the deal. If I'm going to chip a tooth, it's a good idea to do it just before it goes over the dentist anyway. Right? Good thinking. Creative. Somebody that's what I need. And of course, I was going to stop this morning coming to work at Walgreens over here to get a little bit of ambassau that expired like some time in our lifetime, that five years ago. And I don't know where Walgreens is. Where are you? The Walgreens that sign has been there for 14 months. It's right there. I was there this morning. It's right where. You know what the bank is? No. We've here you go, South. Yeah. The way that you were going home all that while, right? I, what do you mean by the way? Going home. I go home that way every day. There's no wall. It's not open. Is it sure? It isn't. It isn't. It's in there. Clean, spicy. You sure could fool a hell out of me. Right next to the liquor store. Oh, well, maybe I can take care of that. I could call before two. I'll get some ambestrel and leave. Yeah. And said, you got to have all just played the drum. And said what? Yeah. He gave me a phone. Why is that? How about the guy with Dr. Bernstein? He calling you? We have an open line in days. Welcome to Dr. Talk. OK. It's the doctor. It's the dentist. It's the veterinarian. We're all sorry. Did find a good veterinarian. See, I'm a mess. But my dogs are doing boo. A good veterinarian. I found. I love them. Central Parkway, Annel, what are the other name of that is? Over there by publics? Not healing, Clarie? They're great. But for me, I can't find crap. That's the problem. For your animals, the sky's the limit. For ourselves, we couldn't fight a doctor if you held a gun to their head. I took away the number 20 or 30 years. OK, you'll feel better. Now, and you know something? Now that I've been tapping the crap out of that, the gold crown would have pencil? Get that guy's number. Let me sue his ass. Seriously, now this thing is staring at her. Look at her. Look at her. She's a cute, a cute, a cute, a cute. A cute, a cute. Oh, my, the so-called can make an evening happen for David Dowl's. She comes up credit cards for liners who have been booed. But according to how's Roy, Roy, who she is downright, Roy? Any of the wishes, dream and magic on Connecticut? Roy, all of these wealthy banks are job-a-chips. She likes college and better all lives out of onion beer. Muppets do it. You think so, no? On my baby. But your smile is just a laugh. So we can see your personality. Once I saw her make it hearing her a cottage cheese. She'd do the thought you'd find well through to her property. I'd be her for being so damn rich. But she's such a bitch. Muppets, why, how come you sell? Pay off your bill. You're like, stay, then dress in the sand. There's with your fluffy head, then frizzly frills. Make and scones with bow-need, under a bitter old backyard. With the smell of a sheep belt as a birthday. Better watch yourself around that breath. I'll kill snap your neck. Can you say that? And there are an extremely mild-roading taste, where she sets and makes her own desire. Now, momma's gang drops in dirt. I get some true hurt. Okay, 131 at 5.50 WQM. I appreciate the guy in Hallendale. I appreciate the other guy with the tap and the pencil on my thing. But I got a dentist, okay. Thank you. Not very well either. I'm excited. I got a dentist like you. See, I'm a smuck. Why don't I ever get a dentist or a doctor or a... See, and again, my dog gets better treatment. My veterinarian is right by a nearby nearby live. But for me, I got a schlept of the beats to see doctor. I read nose, you know, read all the read nose doctor. And over to Cleveland Clinic, which is out there in YMSVL, on Cyprus Creek Road, nowhere near where I lived. Maybe the reason for that is I don't like to, you know, drive in too far with that little dog in the car because he's such a pain in the ass. So it's always got to be close to home. Maybe that's the reason. But I got a dentist, not I'm going to say I have to know him getting this whole. I'm going to get him all the young thout, you know. I just seriously take him out. I've been moving from good dentures, okay. So I'm going to start. I'm going to go back to doing the topics again. We'll talk to the old people again. We'll talk about social security. We'll talk about the nuts. Then I'll get some colors about Hank Meyer. Guy dies to the most important publicist in the history of this town. Not one call about Hank Meyer to there. I'll guarantee Hank Goldberg, New Hank. I'm pretty sure Hank used the work for him, didn't he? Take Meyer associates, whatever that was. Back in the days when Hank was peddling the hero, which he now hates and writes a lease. Here's a lady in the West Palm Beach, Chilo. Hi. Yes, man. What's the reason you see you've got a set off for his tooth? What's bothering you, sir? What is bothering me? Yes, let me a Roger. Yes, man. Oh. You know, like down in the bottom, we're on the bottom on the end. Were my, was in tooth used to be? Yeah, what's fine? On the right side. Right side. There's like a hole. I mean, there are two, huh? Is there a two, sir? Yeah. What's a gum? It's just like, you know, the end of the gum. Were the gum ends, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Oh, man. It's just like there's like a hole in it. Really? Yeah. Not like a big hole, but like a, it's irritated. It hurts like a mother. And if you're touching it, like you could do. It's not a wisdom tooth. No, I don't have any more. They've all been taken out. Huh. That's why I have no wisdom. Wow. Yeah. You were anywhere close to university and, um, No. And there's anywhere. No. No. I got it, Dennis. Oh, you got one. Have you got it? Yes. I'm going this, I'm going this. I'm going this. I thought I was bad because I know what you're going through. It's not, it's not really all that bad, but it's your, or something you're saying to talk about. Yeah. I mean, I don't think it's the end of the world, but maybe all these other things that I've had, like in my neck and in my head, maybe that's associated with the tooth problem. Is that possible? You're knocking your head. Yeah. What's wrong with you? I can hear how it goes. Oh, I don't want to go through all of that again. You know. Have a great day. Thank you so much. She wants me to go back to the whole thing. We won't have any audience left by that time. Oh, excuse me. That was a great lunch by the way Chuck. Open line of day one and Broward. There's like six and plus she's on a little bit under the weather too, and she had to make too much of that nobokana come at that laughing gas. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT. I'm going to tell you, I struck a jackpot here. If I could find a doctor is easy. If I could find a dentist, I've already got 172 dentists ready to see me right now. Ponto. They know I got plenty of cash on me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the prestigious AT and T wireless line. Hey, Goldberg from Vegas at two, who shall be very brave briefly in between meetings, 6 to 6, 30. And then we got the pregame Panthers in Washington, a pivotal aid desperate and absolute must win game set of clock tonight. Any interest at all? No, I didn't think so. Here's a lady in cross spring, hello. Hey, I just wanted to tell you that I'm the, I work for the long time dentist of Norma. And I don't know why you have an Ask Tim for a good dentist. Because he's feeling to be right now. Yeah, I know that, but he at least he knows a good dentist. The real good dentist. Really? Yeah, I have a great dentist. It's just that's a really do. I have a very good dentist, but the problem being that they see you in the out two weeks, four weeks, whenever they get a better, and see the reason is so good, that's why I so busy all the time. Are you sure that because he's on all these plans that you know, you're going in a waiting room full of people? Oh, that could be a two because I pay. I don't know, I'm not on any plan. Oh, you're not independent contractor, I pay all my doctor bills, my, so they should be delighted to see me because I'm right. I just want to get you up front. Right. And I will agree with you. I know when I've watched your TV show and you've leaned back and you last. Yeah. How to get that amount of them out of there. Right. Is that right? You got to get it out of there. What? You think that's what's making me sick? I don't know. I got a mouthful of that crap. I got a mouthful of mercury. I don't know. But I tell Norma, every time he comes in, he ought to tell you to come in. To come in, lighten up the office. Okay. So, where are you? We're, we're downtown Fort Laudon. I don't see that. Oh, no. They don't let me over there. Why? I just know how to my character. Have a great day, sweetheart. Bye bye. Bye bye. Oh. By the way, spoke to Norma Cantia today in the hospital. He's coming along. He's back. He'll be out in the day or two. Or maybe he's out already. I don't know. Again, the thing with the doctors. By the way, yes, Boog is on from the Honda to a clock today, until 630. And what have I been saying? Hank, you've gone from, well, I don't get it. That was the message that I gave you this morning. But I guess that, uh, they got this. Oh, I thought you said Boog was on until 630. Right. From two until 630. But how did I know he was on it? Well, I was, I looked at the stupid schedule back there. I don't look at that thing. I mean, I assume that Hank did the show from Vegas yesterday. I heard some of it. Right? Uh-huh. So, why would he not be doing the show today? Oh, a lot of gambling to do. Okay, I'm sorry. So, Boog is going to be on it to a clock from the Honda Classic. Brother playing golf and, uh, and the croquet. Now, be honest, we did it. Neither one of them is really like much of a sport. But that'd be some real good exercise for you, Boog. Yeah, get out there. Get the handheld mic. Get the handheld one. And a microphone too, Boog. Get out there and whack a few. So, he'll be on to the 630 and then we go to the pregame. Okay, got that right. No Hank today. What is that all about? He must be losing his ass out there. I think he's losing his ass. No, no. Two open lines in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60. But you'll never hear about it. I love Hank, but Boog. He's one of those gamblers. Always tells you about the winning. Oh, we had a big night. We drank in his perky. You know, we had a big night. We had a big day. We had, you know, hit the pick six. We had the triple. Yeah. All the compulsive gamblers, man. He always tell you about the great days they had. But when they're plunging and plunging their lungs, losing their ass. Do they ever tell you about those days? No, no. Any can. I'll say, well, think for any cake. Who's even a much more compulsive gambler than Hank? I mean, then all the people on this day, Ed Kaplan lives for gambling. He lives for, he has the morning line odds on whether we're going to show up to do our show that day every day. But at least I've heard it like the other day when it came in and your stuck his head in the door. And said, oh, boy, we haven't had a bad time at Gelsinger losing my ass. You know, he will tell you that. Fuck it in and hold it. But a great way to start your day with more than frosted face. You're a new breakfast cereal for a day. Now there's a new breakfast cereal for adults. Marvin's breakfast face. Yes, sugar frosted. Corn flakes hate like marmel, but each plate is lovingly shot with a hot sploo some sugars of frostmars. Yes. And best of all, it's made of corn. So it goes through. Yes. So start your day. The climactic way. Where is the frosted face? Okay, 14 to a five 60 WCM. So cue out. Corey wants us to write in the record. I need not go out to some titty bar last night, which is really pressed about by the way. It was on some some dimbo's yacht. It's kind of a great time getting later. Pretending to anyway. And by the way, you're right. I don't want to embarrass him, but you're wrong. You know, I didn't pay too much attention to any of these guys when they were taking up our studio that few weeks ago. Well, he got a haircut. What? It's a good thing you're not a faggdorce because you got really terrible taste in guy. I give Corey like about the 83 cores. Huh? Okay, we have an open line of day one and bro. Sir, I mean, compared to this place. I just played the QAM Grey. I'm great. I'm kind of a guy for this place. Wouldn't you agree? Huh? See even she agrees. There you go. He's all hooked up. Now we got Chris straight enough. Five six seven up to this place. For the bro for this place. Okay. I mean, he's no, well, what's his name? Brendan. Five six seven, five 60 and pond five 60 on the AT&T. Where are the slides? And here we thought that all the guys that worked on Hank Show were getting a lay down. Like Josh Friedman. Oh, I'm sorry. Now you really get, oh, what a, you know, I just had lunch too. That is the most disgusting thought. I think lunch may make it come back now after hearing that. Here's a lady in tempered fine. Tell us. Yeah, hi. Yes, man. The doctor, you know what's off is. Is Neil available? It's majoring. Neil, where are you my friend? Come on, you can't come to see the dentist today. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, so rumored had to get up and work it to it. Oh, oh, oh. Okay, correct. Good luck. By the way, Quincy Market in Boston, you'll love it. What are you saying now? And this is more ringer from how I heard you. I'm wondering if you're coming over to remember how you get out of work. Were you going to do it? Yeah, I do. I got to get this all checked out. I've got a lot of 40 dentists here that I'm supposed to go see. I get maybe I'll have to do one after the other and see what I get. Come on, start with us. We know you. Yeah. How about 245? I've got it. You're on the book. Okay. Thanks for your right here. Bye bye. Bye bye. Now give Cory a nine. Well, I said that another year left. I don't want to get him to get period. And all these guys, oh, Neil thinks you're really, you know. Okay. I'll tell you who doesn't look too bad in this place. Okay. But he's kind of strange. Well, of course he's one of our salespeople. The new sale. I don't know what his name is. I think he's a guy who's like the young guy that's down on this side. Of course he'd have to be young for me to say it looks good. And Tracy's office. Yeah. What is his name? I forget. You don't know his name. He's a good guy. But Bob said, yeah, I was taking a leak in there one day. Oh, he saw me in the, oh, I think I just got a good drink of water. I'll see. They're nervous. They're nervous. Okay. I guarantee everybody in our sales department. They've taken a leak somewhere near Fags. Okay. Before they never got molested, etc. Just relax. You saw that amount of hurt's Alt and Spelence. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, is this amazing with his dentist thing or what? I sat down here this morning. The first hour in man by 1115. I thought, man, you have lost it. You have no more cloud. You have no audience. You got. And now all I mentioned, I just, I just whispered. Although, tell me, sure, until I've heard that before I go to the dentist, I got a real bad from that lunch or anything. What, what now? More dentist? No, just like this. Did the guy call from the, the, the, the, the, no. I'm sure if I, I did just, they're all over me. Like, think on, you're agreed here today. Boy, if I could just find a doctor, it's easily done by the dentist, I could probably get rid of all this crap. Here's a mobile in the cable. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm here to tell you, I am not recommending my dentist, my dentist. So, she drops things in my mouth. She scorched me with a, scorched with water. Yeah. Yeah. She, uh, gives me a little bit of your face with it. Yeah. She takes this grinder thing and she grinds things in my ear and there's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's not going to go on all in, and, you know, whatever. Yeah. She's, she's the worst. I, she makes the, the marathon man dentist look, you know, nice. But you keep going, your shit must be your right. I can. I'm in the middle of, I mean, the, I'm in the middle of, I'm from procedure. I've called other dentist. I know she's already started it. You've got to finish it with her. So it's, uh, definitely don't go to her. You know, I'm, I'm a heteron, but you said Joe, the magic, was one of ugly. It's, oh, I, I, I, you know, I was in Larry King. It's, I'm a hard press to think of anybody. Oh, I knew. He was the thing we're looking man. Joe to measure was the sting wish looking. Did you ever see pictures of him when he was like, you're a player when he was younger? Well, no, I'm not that old. Oh, I mean, I think pick up. Yeah. When you think of him and Marilyn Monroe, it'll make you just want to scream. It'll make you, uh, angry at the human race. Oh, the last thing. Nearly. Nearly. Yes. The next president of the United States. Yeah. The Jordan Litty. So. Okay. We have an open line of day one and bro. What's all this he, uh, mumbling, well, he's got a bed dentist's teeth or F. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, six on the 18. Now let me skip this straight. Okay. First I'm going to go to the dentist in, uh, which one? And how am I going to get there from here, by the way? You want to know. Tath. Tath. Same. I go home. I'm not going to, uh, my friend. I'm going to go home. I'm going to find. Right. Tell anyone to get a diversity. County line. Tell anybody to the fast road, which they have taken the stuff off of there. Right. You can make a left there now. Yeah. Right. Oh, and I can stop with the mobile stations. Hey, I'm on my Greek friend. Right. Not. And then go over to university. Go north. There you go. All right. Do you see right over there, sweetheart? Funny when I call this morning. It said, who are you? Yeah. All of a sudden, I make a big radio show. I didn't like, oh, yeah, come on, you're coming over. Got a alley here. Right. And that's what she said. So I can't remember when I held go off, but he says, all count rows. And uh, I should talk to you about your partner. We got and I called up rows, and she said. That alley. Always makes you feel, I know, real ego boost.and it's before two. Boom, Shambi. Sorry. I've got a wrong all day today, but I didn't look at the schedule. I assumed Hank was on yesterday. yesterday. As soon as I was on the day was I right? No. No. Who will be here from 2 to 6 30? Talking golf. And maybe a little bit of sports too. Who can't keep a packer in his hands? We don't intermake a end, a cloud of pain. They got redest from earth that you have bursting. As anybody in their table of work, they tell you this country where the gun's a beautiful. Rascal man has some he want to sell. And from my yellow way you can detect the assault. Smoke gun, the smoke, the smoke. He light up his weapon. Smoke gun, the smoke. All we're fine. Smoke gun, the smoke. Smoke. The gun shall be good. To prepare a lot of our indigandiness back. Smoke kill every day until your long storm flight. With all the money that we have made. Jamaica does indeed an important thing. America and tourists from here and say, Something like this,isso-you and it is smoke.