The bomb waiting people for focus coming in. Sports radio 560, W2AM Miami court lettered up presents the Neil Roger show. To talk to Neil, call 560-560-3 for David Rower. More pound-five 60 on your cell phone. You know the opinions of Neil. His guest callers are anyone else under show do not necessarily reflect those of WPAM. Beesley revack positions or the Beesley broadcast group. Now, Neil Roger's on Sports Radio 560 foryu-8 Vudsman No, generally not. He said that I was 2004-20 Ten sunfits and war reliefs No, she's that seam Kate B. I got him from Linda Ander G. He's myister's up, up, now, my remaining row round and round. And half a cliff for three days now. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm not about to come to the bottom of the house. Some way to the road round, if you're afraid to. How many drugs do I have to pay? And when they're falling out and it's in order to feed. The dyes all ends up in their jeans. You go to the bottom of the heart, this is going to be wild. I'm a steam like I want to die. You'll take it and come to the edge. If not, then just imagine. I present your face out thinly. Result days. That dropped some weights up to two or three. Red Doctor has been dead, it's okay. A suspicion queues his face. I'm almost above. Now, I'm attending all about her round. Half a cliff for three days now. Oh, whoa, whoa. I'm not about to come to the bottom of the house. You're a Tony Tony, thank you. I'm sorry, I want to say nothing to go back to all the games. I mean, that's for me. I think it's fun to call the newspapers and to file a lawsuit. Don't you think it's time for a lawsuit to get the worst team? That could be the worst segment in the history of radio. I mean, this radio station has no women callers. You know, people might call actually say something like about anything. And to take a whole set, oh, I think the rules are going to win again. Who cares? Who cares? Bullbyx, pick and football games. They make care about that. Oh, my God. But calling, let's get some more picks. Come on. By the way, yesterday was the yesterday or the day before somebody called in and told me that the lightning sold out their first their home opener. However, that didn't last for a long last night as they lost a Los Angeles five to in Tampa Bay. 10,614 was the pay attendance and they were about one. Four people in there. Let's go on. So you see, I guess, maybe that's what the problem is here. People are used to getting dished out of crappy product for a long time. They say, I don't know. I don't think I'll come back for a while. I'll wait and see. I'll save my money for rainy day. So when we speak in a little energy and the friend friend thing, I think I'm just cashin on this. Friend fan makers agreed to pay $4.83 billion to settle. There you go. And by the way, I don't want to mention any doctors who were writing these prescriptions like it was coming out of a faucet somewhere. Left and right, right and left. Oh, sure. Give it a show. There's me. I'll let that all out. Wait, why do I have six pounds in today? I don't like that. It's just melting off my big fat body. But nevertheless, yeah, I had a prescription for friend fan and ponded about whatever to hold these two were and took it for an indeterminate period of time. In fact, now that I'm thinking about it, I think I took it for longer than I really did. Like maybe for months. In fact, I'm thinking, oh, I'm starting to feel the effective at now. And the reason I say that is the settlement is open to anyone who used pondement or reduction in the United States, whether or not you filed a suit. So I think this is something that a lot of us who actually, you know, are physicians can testify that they wrote prescriptions for this crap. And we took it for a while, even for just a few days. I say, my piece, give me a chunk. I'll see a Floyd 42 of Opalocca said, there's they she felt too lousy to feel good about the stunning legal victory. Floyd was such a suffraze and chronic fatigue in mental health problems after taking fan pen in 1997 said, I want to thank the Lord that somebody did hear us. I'd like that. But it's not going to make up for what happened to my life. Or there's all kinds of people that are screwed up. I mean, big time from this crap. And then this bitch over there at you, a fan, Dr. Marine Lowry, associate professor of cardiology at the U of M at the Herkund school. She says, she couldn't believe that there was a settlement because this didn't do not. She looked at all these studies and she said, oh, yeah, the heart valve didn't do not like that in the settlement. So all your people are got screwed up by taking fan pen. It's just a figment of her imagination. You're a bunch of trouble makers stop causing problems. Stop with all the crap. Okay. But that's what our doctors have done for us boys and girls. That's the solution they got is because all fan pen was was speed and fedemines. That's all it was. The same things that people went to jail for back in the 60s and 70s. The pill pushing doctors, the infedemine, the speed doctors, a lot of them went to jail back then. And all of a sudden this came out. Oh, it's great. You're going to lose weight with it. And that's because the doctors haven't got any idea how to make us lose weight. They are clueless. Speaking of clueless, I can't tell you how many people in last 24 hours have said to me, I would say about 1700 people have said to me, that's a conservative estimate that they can't believe the comments of our general manager, Greg Reed and Josie Lambe, it's calling us that in a son's settle. I thought that I was the only one shocked by the gross, the sheer stupidity of that comment. The comment about the money that was raised at that troubled golf term at the O.J. Golf term. And a lot of people wondering how much was actually raised, probably they ever fired out, how much was actually raised? No. But at any rate, it says, do K originally said they've been at a rate 25 grand per cent or one, but only 2,000 minutes away to the age, charity. And then the comment that people are so perfect. In fact, most people now are scratching the same spot in their head that Greg is always scratching, you know, with a big oozing hole that's getting bigger by the moment is. He said, some of the rest went to O.J. Related expenses. Oh, I feel like that. Haha. Yeah, we're trying to sniff, I mean, sort of, I mean, sorted out. That's sorted out, sorted out. Like I said, we're trying to snorted out and find out where all that money went. Well, well, how much there was. And it's a lot to our credibility. And of course, we got the big story. This is what everybody's all worked up about. I mean, with all this stuff going, I wouldn't think I got a bunch of silly women calling them with football picks. Why is there anybody in America that wants to hear women, or anybody calling in football game? No. That's like the professional gamblers, the GA people that call it on Hank show and just drive me to that goddamn dial. What do you thoughts on that doll? But yeah, what do you think you think they can cover? I mean, go get the GA before it's too late. Okay. Line up on the head, Kaplan, GA line and get out of here. Terminal, puke inducing radio, baby. I mean, with all the respect to our four ladies who listen to this radio station out there, it's not that we don't like you. It's just that who cares. You know, in fact, I think it'd be more silly. I mean, we're still not going to have women call them and pick their nose on the ear. They pick football games, or maybe even pick their echo about that. That would be exciting. So the big, oh, here's the ladies who proceed. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, you want to make your picks? No. Okay. The reason that I'm calling is I'm considering getting a poll and I was wondering if any of the colors. Getting a lap of poll? A poll. Yeah. And I'm wondering. Is that even the color? I mean, it's a poll. I was wondering if any of the colors could call in and let me know some good or bad poll companies. Is that what you need a problem? A poll? Yes. And in ground poll? Yes. I'm wasting your time so that some of your colors are all in. I'm thinking about what's wrong with any of them. I haven't seen him yet this morning. You want to get a poll? Yes. And in ground poll. Yeah. And so I was wondering. Why can't you name him a my poll man, but he's a real con. I just want to give you his name. I don't want to give you his name. I don't want to give you his name. I want to know. I want to know who the go. The get poll companies are and who the. Okay. Well, that's some heavy that's better. No, that's football. Takes it's not real sight and be you hang on and we'll get it for it. Thanks. Don't pull too hard. Okay. There's a lady who's looking for a poll. Okay. We're all looking for a poll. I think so. I wouldn't mind a poll. Especially if all Danielle comes back. So there we go. Any you pull people. There's a chance for a free plug. I certainly wouldn't give her clip name because we know what a con All right, did we do a good job? Shall I give her a close thing? No, but or not. Here's a mobile in North Miami, pool line. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil, how are you? Okay. Good, the lady that I call up about the swimming pool. Yes. I was in the swimming pool business for 40 years. And the best advice I can give her is to call the NSPI. The NSPI. NSPI, National Spawn Pool Institute. Right. And as them from recommendations in her area? Recommendations. Recommendations. Okay. I talked a little funny. I'm not sure. So you guys think it's a good match? Yeah, okay. And also, what does she find? What does she find out? The other one. The other one. Under one. Under Swing Pool's. And as PI. Right. Okay. And as them for recommendation. And also, one of the best pool builders in date county. I think they go up to Cooper City would be cut them pools. Okay. Excellent. They've been around for 40 years. They're a good job. And they do it quickly. Thank God bless you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, Neil. You bet. I'm not pray for it. Thank you. Okay. There you go. That was instant. Just look for NSPI. We'll get probably a few other of these. A pool. People. This is great. What a great way. This will be to kill two hours. Like I said, I don't mind those lady football picks. Why is it that the women in the town are so goddamn boring? Is there any special reason for that? I don't see. I mean, I'm not knocking. She sounded very nice and very bubbly. And enthusiastic. But she's putting in a goddamn pool. I mean, here we got these two athletes. I wouldn't mind getting that clothing for free of bullets. I'll just still open by the way. Neil. God. Hi, sing. Hello, Tom. I am a baratone. With me some notes can not be. I'm a baratone. But somehow I can't be with me. They want me to do this. No, what I can teach. And this ain't gonna happen. Oh, no. This is so too high. Too high for me. How come I keep it too high? So what? Kick me right back there. Inside that sea. Oh, it's too high. Too high for me. What did you kick me for? Okay, 10.15. If I was 60, would you come in better talk fast? Because George is going to be on noon to two. That George is going to be actually telling you the real inside story of that Los Van Van business. The real reason that they're all better shape about that is because the white Cubans are unbelievable racist. What George was telling me before the show. And the fact is, Los Van Van are Cuban shpartures. In case you didn't know that. I mean, their dark is the ace of spades. So that's what he's going to be talking about. Is what a bunch of racist. Do you white Cubans are out there in the audience? Unlike George, of course, who's best friend is. But anyway, here's a great note from our friend Allen over there. A delight to voice vocal, which is our next spot. I see, by the way, so that I'm not going overboard. But I had tremendous response on believable response and why not. Six pounds in two days, Allen. I'm doing it. I'm going to be a shadow of my former self on these days. I keep saying that. But I think this time. In addition to which I got one of these protein diet bars, the honey. Now, though, see you like those. There's okay. The chocolate, but these honey new get protein diet bars. These new get killer. They're great. Mmm. Get the honey new get junior. So anyway, here's a series of 4,000 articles in the newspaper. And you know something, I can't get to excited one way or the other about this. About this whole FSU business, about Peter work and the Dion work. And what kind of a name by the way is Lever Angus? Lever Anus? Cools? I think that's his name. Lever Anus. You know, being suspended now, and of course, there's all a big song today. Because it's the big UM game, the tomorrow. I can't get to excited about this. Now, being one of those people is always decrying the immorality of most of the jaks. I don't get all excited because basically compared to all the other stuff that goes on and goes on reported and undetected and uncought. Nobody talks about this was like petty stuff. So they had a friend to work to deal with. And they took $412 worth of crap of name brand the clothing. And they sold it to him for 2150, which is of course theft. She was stealing and they were stealing and they knew about it too. But I mean, in the overall scheme of things, I mean it was stupid and it was illegal. But in the overall scheme of things, these guys, I think maybe you ought to get a medal. I mean, you could look at it in the other way and say, Oh, thank God. And then, of course, what's the big story? Oh, Peter work. Now, he won't be considered for the highest metrophy. Well, Jesus, God, how to help him life go on then? Because once he signs for the pros, he's probably only going to make what? $6,7,8,10 million a year, something like that? $13,15 million a year? And then, if he does write up killing somebody someday, he won't have a high spend trophy that he can pawn off to pay off the family of the murdered victims. Man, it's just amazing to me. The sports nurse is the way that they twist and they manipulate and they tear. Oh, gee, now maybe he won't be considered for that high spend trophy. He's so stupid. Oh, who cares? What's the big deal with that? Does that change anything? So you can take any approach on this that you want, just to piss people off. I don't really give a crap. But I know that a lot of people are really all bent out of shape because this is important stuff to many of those people. Because it's the, this seminal hurricane game. And because we have a lot of people in this state as you know who are like, this is the level at the operate on this collegiate level. This is the important stuff. Professional sports, nobody cares about that. But college stuff. That's the end-fact high school, college grade school. That's the stuff they can think they're teeth into. So we'll find out what the audience thinks about this today, maybe? By the way, very jackass and a very lengthy column, which he says absolutely nothing this morning. But if the very end has something interesting. Fascinating, not surprising, by the way. He says the, the Marlins that have the mortgage on this radio station. When he's first year of Marlins games finished with a three point average rating about 30, what does it say? 43,000 total homes. The lowest ever for the team on free TV. Well, me. It's stuff. But he liked that. The lowest ratings ever for the Marlins on free TV. As if that comes to some kind of a great surprise. Are you surprised by that? Yeah. And of course you can imagine when the games are on free TV, how many people might be left over listening on radio here? Would the franchise that has this place mortgage and just squeeze to the health that has this by the short ears? Right, Greg? You know what I'm talking about? Huh? Here's a call from Santa Bell. Hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Question I am for you is why is the one guy on the team going to be kicked off the team? But the star athlete is going to be allowed to stay on the team. They don't like his name. They don't like a name. Labor Enus. They don't like that. The other thing I would say they want to kick him off just to separate him from, you know. Do you think that Jimmy Johnson may be signing a work? Yeah, everybody is saying that. You know, I'm looking at what can I tell you? I think they've been in like a glove. Can I make a shameless request? Go ahead. Can you play the colloquial swearing one with the pulp? You know, or the pulp? Okay, you probably have a great day. And it's really boring over there where you are. Or in here too, but it's really boring where you are. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Is this audience pissed off and fired up about this guy? Them, uh, FSU about the guy in Dillard's flat or what? What do you do with these guys? You put them in jail? You're suspended for like five minutes. You give them a slap on a wrist or like, but they're like me. Does anybody really care? I couldn't care less. I think the whole thing is much to do about nothing. It's like all the free stuff that we get. We get free crap all the time. Of course, we're not student athletes. We get free crap all the time here on the show. You know, something, we'll take it. We're proud of it. I know, problem with that. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Hey, can I do one? Yes, man. I'll leave you. No, I don't care. Yes, I'll leave you. You're going to give us your football fix. Please don't. I don't have anything good. Good. Listen, um, well, as far as all that Peter works, of course, it's foolishness, but um, and because he's going to get exactly what he was going to get. If he went to the high school trophy or he doesn't mind. You're just as many people. There are people that are in the house of the year. They're all up and arm. Oh, what was me? What was me? I mean, who gives a crap? Yeah. And it's not going to make a bit of different folks. You know what I wanted to ask you. Yes, man. There was listening and I heard that things, uh, little pieces that you did off, uh, had showed us on head. Uh-huh. And I just wanted to do you all have, um, like a greatest hit kind of a thing. You know, because I'd love to have one, you know, to have the help you do. Yes, you use a matter of fact in about the 10 days of the year. I'll be selling that specs, all the specs, music stores. Are you kidding or are you serious? I'm serious. Really? That's not on there, but I mean, all the stuff that's on there is great. Um, uh, okay. Well, I really liked that one. I thought it was really, yeah, I guess they're wood. Well, that's Bob and Tom, so we don't want to steal our stuff that much. You know, they're happy to let us play it on the year. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. I'll play it for you today. Okay. Cool. Cause there's nothing like a little head on Friday. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Where's my case? We got Hank and two. We got, uh, with a Jimmy, you all and by the way, I don't want to say this, you know. Cause I don't want your Hank really upset. I mean, I've been dreaming a lot to have to make good pictures now. Because I discovered yesterday when Hank came in, and even though he did the 180, the day before, so I'm told by default on that spy report, Hank and Jimmy are like, they're like, They're joined at the neck, they're joined at the neck, they're joined at the neck. That's a, you know, Jimmy's got his number. I hate to say that, Hank, because I love you. You're a sweetheart. You're a great guy. But Jimmy's got you by the short hairs. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, where I was lying. Here's pepper pine, hello. New. Yes, morning. First off, on the, uh, the players scandal. The only thing that that thing is going to change in anybody's life is the point spread for this weekend's game. Right. That's correct. And I'd also like to know if I can do a little, uh, to say for your listeners. Yeah. I was going over my phone bill last night, and I've gotten build, uh, the last several months, 32 dollars a month for USTC billing questions or billing. And this is a network of, uh, voice mail that they slammed onto my phone bill. I called, to find out what the charges are for. They told me I authorized a separate voice mail from my other bell south thing. And I asked to authorized it. And they played a recording. It sounds it almost like your OJ bet. It's saying, you're a who? A some unrecognizable voice with a name they couldn't tell me. Yeah. And told USTC current charges, 67 dollars and 57 cents from one company. For a month of one, I still don't understand. It's been they tell me it's a separate voice mail system that somebody authorized on my, uh, residential phone line. Yeah. And they're billing it for me. And they're going to make you bet that if your listeners look at their phone bills, a lot of these people are going to find this build on their phone. Yeah. Great. It's a bunch of horse mullahs. Sounds like a nice game to me. That's what I did as soon as I called, they said, oh, we are authorized to reverse those charges. But I'll make you bet. And so I'm honored to go. I didn't really look at the bill. The bill came and said, $150 do I wrote a check and didn't think about it. And now I'm going back. I'm getting back six months credit on this. So I'm not getting to pay a phone go for about 60 days. Nice going sir. Okay. I bless you. Thank you so much for carrying enough to send you very best. Go back. Thank you. There's a guy trying to look out for the rest of you. Okay. Any pool people out there didn't know. No. 560. Well, she wants to put up pull. She's pulling it. Okay. I could understand a guy that empty. She was saying. She's trying to put in a pool. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T Wireless line. See this audience is really worked up. I see the difference between the sports nerds in our crowd. I'd like to see that our crowd is a little bit more down to earth. But of course there would be a real stretch of the imagination. But they're just not as obsessed with silly things that don't mean for anything. Or even if they are, they're too embarrassed to tell me that because they know I'll rip them in ass. Which I think is more likely the probability. It's Friday. You first. This fall on CBS. Meet a small town free to speak the word of God. And add a few choice words of his own. It's father to our admissory. Here I need a little bit of a little bit of a sucker mother. In hole in that for a moment. Father to ret mystery. A new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago, Holflitz and NYPD Blue Ball. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Just like all of you little fool back Monday. You have to foster here. Sunday this fall. Fennend hour with father to ret. White after an all-moosee. Tushed down there by an angel. Only on PBS. Oh, right. Pentry of five, 50, 20, 20. Well, thank God that the audience at least this audience. And all been on a shape and acting good. He too shoes and holier than now about this. FSU business about these two athletes. I just don't care. I just don't give a crap. Okay. We got all these drug dealers and drug addicts. Not to mention no names. People doing all kinds of gross test things and beaten up their girlfriends and knocking them down stairs and shove them, God damn lockers. Little things like that. And nobody seems to care about that. So who cares about getting a few, you know, the freebies from dealers. In addition to which, you know, dealers is having a rough time anyway. You know, maybe they ought to be happy about guys wearing their crap walking around these big shots. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, now is this the guru station for gambling? Yes. This is the gambling. This is the GA station. What is it? Okay. You know, phones here. Call me back when you get a real phone. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Anya. Yes sir. As calling about the girl that wants a swimming pool builder. Yes. Triple A customs pools out of cool springs. Yeah. Sanalmino. Don't want for me in February. I had water in my pool of 28 days. No red tape. People in the office are great. And I recommend calling. Howren, Bryson from Triple A customs pools. And another little tip that is I want to stay in C-Feed business. And this guy is so awesome that every time someone finishes a pool, I deliver steak and lobster to him. Great. Sounds like a real incestuous relationship. Oh, no problem. Thank you. What's your answer to one of the questions? Do you like you're doing the act? Is that right? Yeah. What do you like? Stakes are seafood? Yes. Okay. Well, if you want to ask any of some comps, Stakes are seafood. We did help with the diet. Some go home talking about this guy. Thank you. Hello. awakened?... Welcome to the Mexican restaurant. Thanks a lot. I don't really know what you're doing. I have a great day. Theres a guy that was enjoying it a little bit. Most of the wheat partying we had a little bit. Dont tell me about this. Some stuff. Some stuff. Some stuff. Some stuff. Some stuff. Some bread for the fish. So some one then. and we know that the Cuban-stage fartes and of course we know that Mexican-taked humans and everybody hates Mexicans and it's just it's great like National Brotherhood Week seriously. It's like a contest which group is the most painful and who hates let's find out who hates black people the most. Is it like white people white anglers or is it white humans? Other black people. Huh? Jamaicans I think. You think maybe the Jamaicans hate American black people? Look at the most yeah. Why is that? The people that look at the and you're the Jefferson's what's wrong with them. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Carl Springs. Yes sir. I know you're sick of hearing about it but I just like to throw in one quick thing and record. I'm hearing about one. Florida State. Now I haven't heard anything about it yet. I'm waiting. Okay. I'm waiting to hear this tremendous response. Oh okay well what my comment is is I found a kind of interesting that on the day that the announcement was made about these players being in trouble was also the day that they announced Bobby Balden receiving a contract extension worth millions and millions of dollars. Right. And here's a coach being paid discount of money in these guys are getting relatively nothing in comparison. The NCQA is the closest thing to slavery that we've got in this country. Right. Also. Right. Just like be even deeper. A little reason like be folks said yes that he's absolutely right. Let's stop pretending. Okay. Let's call it semi pro ball or whatever we want to call it. We're panning jobs and let's start you know and yeah they're not by any textbooks anyway. So what there is a make. We'll not have a whole separate part of the campus for them for the dumb jobs and let's put kids in there and they're spot and get the scholarships who really want to give them education. Last time they blamed what happened up at Florida State on sports agents and Ken Jenny who was then in the state congress passed the law regularly state regularly. Yeah. Who's he going to regulate now? And where they're going to blame this one on? Anybody he can make? Yeah. Have you got the stormtroopers in here? You mark my words that not you can. Jenny. Oh yeah they'll have them up your rectum. Anyway other things I don't know if you have to see this but I believe it was yesterday in USA today. They were talking about the story surrounding the NFL awarding expansion franchise to Houston rather than Los Angeles. Yeah. And the mayor of Los Angeles had a rather interesting comment. In spite of them losing this franchise he said that he was proud of the effort that had been made on the half of his city and proud of the fact that their proposal had included a new stadium which did not cost the taxpayers any money. I'd be like that. I'm like Houston where they put out on the ballot and the dumb taxpayers were so desperate to get their football team back because it's okay we'll pay for it. Yep. Yep. So they're studying at the Wayne Highs thing a school of a power of handouts. Right. And let me say it again. 10,000 sold tickets in Tampa. This is the third place they played it over there with their crappy hockey team since it started several years ago about nine, ten years ago and nobody's going to this one either because they got a crap product and nobody wants the pay to see crap. Can I say one more thing? Yes sir. I love you. Show Neil. I bless you. Listen to you every day. All right. Take care. See you. Yeah. Let's keep building stadiums and putting crap in there and then get actual surprise like I was yesterday. One of my screaming about people not coming to the pantheon game. They gave you a crap for two or three years. They tried to soak you through the nose. Then of course this year like I said yesterday they raised the price out of concerns. They've got the selection down. They give you a bunch of tasteless crap and they wonder gee how come they're not coming back. Ha ha ha. It's suck it enough. It's going to take a long time before they win the people back there. You just this shout crap and you keep charging higher and higher prices and the public just keeps saying no thank you. We'll stay home. We'll go go do our football picks on a morning show. I still can't get over that. I say lawsuit. Call up our friends at the newspapers or maybe somebody else will call. He's probably not doing much. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Love varnish with on probation already. Labor ain't it? Yeah. Labor ain't it. Yeah. They say we're varnish though because they don't want it. You know the shorts that they get to mad. Right. Oh yeah. That's right. But anyway that's one of these already on probation for something else. That's why you got to kick that. That's why you got to get what they severed the cord. Right. So to speak. Right. Okay. Well what do you think of it? So what do you make of it? Are you a bent out and pissed off and fired up upon it or what? No because it's like he said. Oh Peter Warwick's gonna sign for millions anyways. That's right. And then he can buy a he can buy bill or dirt on the verge anyway. He can buy the whole goddamn chain. You're ready to go bankrupt. So he gives a crap crap. Well crap. Very good. Oh this beautiful excellent job sir. Let's there at the gentleman. Right and midstream. He stopped it. Anybody else take a stop at midstream. I don't think so. I marked that down. That was sensational. Right there was like halfway out and he just stopped it right there midstream. Beauty. Nice job sir. 5. 670. 560. 560. On the AT&T. Went to diligence and I got some clothes from a friend of theirs and they gave them a little discount 95%. And all these righteous goodie to you know something all these people that are all righteous about this. I guarantee that they shopped with it when they were in college. I did. Oh seriously we used to have our OTC which was mandatory all the way didn't go because I mean I knew they wouldn't take me any army. So at any rate. And we used to have these big rocky coats in the winter time that we were we would go to a cutting-hand drugs right there I'm granted for Bolivar and these lancing Michigan and we would steal crap stuff that we would never use like some tan lotion in the middle of winter time in lancing Michigan. We're gonna use it. Oh but it was just the idea of shop within something. You had these big pockets. You might as well stick something in there. Oh but this is just grace for I mean like Killakha said everything has to be looked at in this like it's like Clinton with a blowjob. Here we have a country where the president went to an impeachment hearing and was like under verge getting thrown out of office because you got a few blow jobs. But we got all these goddamn co-kids all these murderers all of these arsonists, all these crazy people and not the mentioned mass murderers. Not to mention Lawrence Phillips. Oh then I can't call again by the way. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Two things. I'm a Jamaican and one of the reasons why I can't stand a black American. Yeah. I'm on. They live all of the United States money of my tax money. Three loaders, yeah. They don't want to judge. They're a bunch of free loaders. Yeah, and all those all they can play about all, will they demand, if the man holds us down, is they can't do nothing for us when it's so ridiculous. Yeah. If I can get up on my face to fuck the morning go a job and work, take care of my family. Remember what JFK said? Asked not what the honkies can do for you. Axe, what you can, you know, for yourself. If this would be ridiculous, um, I've got a call about two weeks ago and I'll close out the other Jamaican. Yeah. What's your high school up and I said, uh, effort? Oh yeah. Well that's okay. I always say effort anyway. Okay. Listen, have a great day pal. You can make sure you're refreshing honesty. He said that you sparned yours out there a bunch of free loaders and you're destroying America as what he said. And of course he's a good upstanding Jamaican. I'm not a judge or a jerk pork. W-I-O-D-E-O-I hate that station. Hi, Felicia. G-D-I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? I got sick. I thought these had been shoulders a long time ago. I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway? Yeah, right. So what are you using now? Well, it's like having shoulders only without all those added. It's just called Chad. Let's tell them about it. Girl? Where can I get that? Lots of places, Chick. You can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you In 50 minutes, I'll have you shampooed, siles, and blown dry. You don't miss a lick, do you? Ten seconds. Where? But is it expensive? Not at all, Chick. I'd rather says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10. Jolly, that's that price. Everyone should be getting hair. That's right, Chick. When you say head, you set a mouthful. Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Balottie. From Freak in all industry. Chick is telling you why you should get hair. First of lubricate each limp hair follicle, leading an erect listening shaft. Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root, leaving your hair soft shiny and exhausted. Nothing does the job like head. Great. Can I get head from my hairdresser, Bruce? Probably, but you might want to try your girlfriend first. Dad, dad, you get head, you're a lucky step. Want hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. I'm available to price, you won't find hard to swallow, and it's going down every day. Honey, we're out of sample. Can you go out and get some heads? What did you say? I said, I want you to go out and get head. Oh, thank you. Sweet Jesus. I'm going down town. And that makes a great holiday gift. Last Christmas, my wife gave me some heads. Then I gave her a pearl necklace. I've never seen her so choked up. My girlfriend used to give me heads, and then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get dirt and lotion in a national dress. If you fly out of your pocket down do this. And if you run tight and count it in the pantry when you're bad and don'tplex up. Wow. Huh. Head стоит, come on. Give it a shot. Luck boxesn. Here we go. so suitable stuff table that no police officers were involved. They're giving up their every hour. The one where the cops were all in, boss and all over the Dade County from every force in the county have we heard any more about that? Oh, not that internal that infernal investigation? Oh, no. How come we don't hear any more about that? I wonder you don't think it's been swept into the carpet? Uh-huh. 560, 50560, pound 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, good morning, sir. Yes, sir. Got a question for you. You've got interested in those that delight food bars. I heard you comment on how many carbs that, but haven't heard anything about the fat or the protein and those things from my diet. Well, let's particular what has got 22 grams of protein and it's got only five grams of fat, which is excellent. Yeah. Oh, and like I said, I mean, I'm not going to say it's delicious like the best thing you ever had, like a candy bar, but it's not bad. It's edible. It doesn't have that metallic taste that some of the other ones have. Oh, yes, yes. I've mentioned the acting for us right. Oh, and here's a little information for you. I need a possible fortune with the fan fan company. Yeah. I'm always reading those exercises magazines and everything. And one of them always keeps an eye on the new drugs that are coming on for fat loss after they did all the tests on the lab rest and everything about six months before they ever hit the market. They knew that a whole bunch of those lab rest had the same problems that people have now. They knew ahead of time and they still put it out on the market. I want my piece of the apply. You can only take it for a short. Like I said, I took it for a long time. Oh, yeah, but that's right. How I'll go Sam and the FDA are watching out for us, man. They knew ahead of time and someone's gone. Definitely got greasy. No, no, that's right. Okay. Thanks a lot, thank you. See you. Protein diet, honey, no, good. See, now I shouldn't put that on the air because now he'll sell out of these. And I'm the one that needs these desperately because these time, you know, what these are just fine. See the product like it's not, you don't want to do the ricks and chances that can but we go need six dates and then the torsome else on the grill like that in in Cipid thing. We read in Josie Lambe. It's column a couple of weeks ago. You know, it's how Josie Lambe is like kind of like intruding into the whole operation here into air. He's got his testicles and every part of radio station. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's hear it for Peter Warwick. It's never a nice, cool. Let's hear it for those guys. Okay. What's wrong with showing a kids of America how to get a good deal? What's wrong with that, huh? In fact, the sparsis are learning from us yet long. How if you can get a whole sale? What's wrong with that? Here's a mobile and home sound. Hello. Yeah, how's going Neil? Pretty good, sir. Yeah, I guess because you know, oh, you ain't no fire alarm. Not yet. Yeah. Not loving a clock yet. Don't count your chickens before they lay a big one. Real big one. That's that's you. They got a candor, but yeah. I think that's pretty bad. I mean, not because they stole because they were stupid up and get called. Yeah. Yeah, if you're going to do stuff like that, we just had them out to shop with. You'll at least look around a little bit, you know? I mean, if you walk in, see, but when you're a big pampered jock like these guys, especially Peter Warwick, you think you can do these things with impunity. You think your stuff doesn't stink anymore. Because you've been treated that way. You know, they put them off out of pedestal. And I think they can basically get away with whatever it is like one. Well, I let the guy said before as far as the, in the A, they treat my plate, but they're unbelievable. Yeah, I think it's something now, while they were effortfully, or the work they do in the place that they make. Okay, amen. Let's start paying. And everybody agrees with that. Our panties kids and stop at the hypocrisy. Which of course is number one in America is hypocrisy. Don't do as I do as I say. Don't go out and get a little head like it's in that. But just, you know, pretend you're not getting it. Everybody else is, especially for the president or Senator or anybody else. Much of bull crap. That's why this event, who is a breath of fresh air, if he would just cut himself off from all these other silly people, he surrounded himself with like Donald Trump, rhymes with Trump. At least it's gonna be some good comedy anyway with this reform party. We should have known where Ross P. rose did up there and started making him a little sound. It was silly little sounds and flappin' his ears like Dumbledore the clown. We should have known that it was gonna provide for a never ending comedy. Here's a mobile and fort-laternal, hello. I'm Kaneel, I got a question of great public importance for you regarding the godfather. Yes, sir. Yeah, I've been showing the whole thing this week and I've always been troubled. The one thing we're currently five fingers and handsily, is about to testify before the Senate. Well, you're not gonna ask me about his brother again. I mean, we've had it anyway. I mean, it's so obvious and they made him an offer he couldn't refuse. They brought it his brother and if he did change his story, his brother was gonna have a little problem, little headache. I didn't know that he was gonna have a problem. It was not a real problem. Yeah, but he's the brother. It was between the brothers. In other words, if you don't say, if he is still a baby, he's gonna still his brain all over his nice Greek soup. Taking a look out father, any good guy, if you know, you recommend him to make him go there for the first five. MGM's grand, tropical, you win a lot of money. All right, there's a lot of them. They had their ex-calibur, the other day they all were since these two he places that they were started to street, including we were from the Air Force. They took him to the East. So they're showing that again. Thank God for a new generation that hasn't seen it before. That has a desperate need to find out what real world is all about. As a person, my good friend, Izzy, who says there is no mafia, they're making us day goes look bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T, where I will slide. I don't see any psychosis or hysteria. Thank God, we got a level headed crowd here. I like those sports nerd shows where they're all going. I'm a vet lady about a couple of guys. When in air, a couple of jobs, got a good deal, and they're a dealer's, what's wrong with having your kids get a good deal? By the way, only the Jamaican guy was the only guy honest enough to talk about why he hates horses. He was the only one. George is going to be telling you between noon and two, why he don't like him too much. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and that way you told me that's what you were going to talk about today why they won't let horses into those swing clubs because they don't want to let him swing it too far. They let him in. Are there other forces in the ones you've been in? Couple, and was it true? Were they hung like, I didn't look? Oh yeah. Here we go again, it's called denial. How did you get off the room with that? Let me say that, okay, if it was that big, how could you not, even out of the corner, you must have the peripheral vision. Let's keep it pretty dark in there. Maybe that's why they've loaded him in. Here's a mobile and a four-letter nail, hello. Yeah, this is John. Yeah, John. Yeah, John. Yeah, John, that's calling my big guy, I said, making the judge call him in. Yeah, that's drug dealer, yeah. Yeah, first of all, first of all, how to sell as you go and say, black people use just testimony. Maybe that's from you. Well, maybe he has a citizen now, maybe he's a man to make an American. Oh, it doesn't matter. It's filled with his money, if he's a Jamaican. Well, maybe it's my money. Maybe it's my money. It's second of all, he's the issue, the reason why he's black, so like, well, I'm looking at his official arrogant. You can't come and check. Well, that's the word, it's right on, brother. Let me tell you, those you're making women there, the most arrogant bitches, I've always said that they're, they're the state looked down, or knows that you like their stuff don't stink. And the man, and the man is a trading one, you can't tell them nothing, because they're trying to tell Kobi. Right. All right, all right. God bless you, sir. Thank God for us American sports. You're, thank you. I say us because of course being Jewish, I have plenty of black in my blood, and I'm willing to admit it, unlike George who being human is a mostly black. 567, that says not Uncle Rick, and those are what that sand nigger stuff again. Will you please say that to laughter known? I mean, that to me is such a disgusting thing. It's one thing to be an anti-semite, which of course you like most of your Cuban friends are. But sand nigger, that's a little bit of a good thing. You got to do some like a sand flea. 567, where are we going here? I'm all over the place. Come on, let's get that lady a nice swimming pool. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I'm here to make a comment about that you're making got that call. I'm a black man. I have two jobs that work seven days a week. You're working your ass off, and I'm not living off of anyone. They are arrogant. And I've visited the country. They have nothing to be arrogant about. And you talk to any of them. They got a good weed, though, man. If they talk to any of them, they'll say the country, the country that they're there. Yeah, it's like New Yorkers. If it's so great, what does that look like? They do in here. Exactly. It's like every kid's making you ass. OK, why are you here? But that's all I have to say. OK, the next time they give you a bunch of crap, just on the jerk pork. OK, that's the great thing. And they have a lot of expertise. That's why I hear. By the way, there's no fags in Jamaica. They're better not pay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, pound, or even in the game in islands. Pound 5, 6, beyond the AT&T, wireless line 10, 56, at WDQAN. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is your rainbow forward side. OK. OK. Oh, you. John, remember still their life. I want to make movies for it's side. I like to go in great plan. Hollywood's broke. Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why I heard my penis in and never have a bruise. Rambo 2 was an 85 late. And remember 3 was an 88. Show it. And 2 is legons. I just not make movies with my son. If you haven't seen, he was in Rocky 5 in daylight. The total movie. A little bit of catchy, what I mean. I got a good note on the call in Queen. I got a good note on the movie. Or Broadway's show like the energy. I get nobody at this top line. And we still do this. I guess I understand. My whole life is about two cabins. All I got left is you and the slave him. Let me do it, gentlemen. I need to make rainbow forward. 5. Hollywood. I get out. So call me up. I really need to script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. They like comedy. Action. And Roger. And drama. The only thing I will endorse I'm sex with a llama. So give me a break for goodness sake. I used to be an opera. Now I can't get a Ricky Lake. Right now I got a woman and selling book. I'm sickly on the run and boy. I'm sickly on the run and boy. I'm sickly on the run and boy. I'm sickly on the run and boy. I got a get a note on the call in Queen. I got a have a note on the movie. I got a note on the movie. Or Broadway show like Ben Avide. I get so much more money. I got a stock supply. It was stupid. So I am the spank. My world is about to carry it. All I got left is just a playman. And that's why I leave it, gentlemen. So I need to make rainbow forward. No. No. Absolutely. I'm so moved. 11 out to it. 5. We came a little spary torch from down the hall by the way. It seemed this morning that the power 96, Schroer Griffin had a roof wall on the show. There were also scheduled to have the very famous debris hot at the moment actor Kevin. I'm in. I'm out. I can't figure it out. Spacey. Also known as the city space. We thought was a defenseman for the plant. It turns out to be a very hot Hollywood actor. Kevin Spacey goes to the power 96 studio. Open the door. Seas roof wall in there and makes a beeline a uterine and marches out. Then after after Schroer Griffin rips him an ass on the air and says he's he kept calling She which I like because he is a she he's in one week he's out the next he's kind like some of the back speed boys you know can make up it's mind. Come on Kevin are you in or are you out so in any rich forces they called in from the car. The publicity director well we'd like to kiss and make up and maybe we'll come back and Boger and I's going to show she says no way Jose. Take your cracker ass and get out of here. Take your faculty ask something like that Kevin Spacey. Is she in a she out that's our poll question. See I was just saying to George you know they have that really terminally boring thing and it's terrible. It's awful I don't want to critique those more than guys because you know they're So pretty weak to begin with without those segments. But to put that thing on her just before me on Friday morning with women calling if you want to have women Call it into say something fine. We got 10 women listeners. We have like two or three or we call the show and even they don't have much like the ones say a poll. But calling it with football picks if you had men calling it if you had children if you had anybody Call with football picks it would still be terminal. So we were thinking on Friday we'll have our own segment will be called like the hour of hate. Which you know I think it's a healthy exercise either those goody two issues or he's promoting hatred and I'm not I'm promoting healthy honesty in other words when it doubts but about don't just let me hear me hear being here and say things that you don't have the balls to say publicly just been an out. Let's find out how you feel a lot other people about other groups of people and of course like I've always told you when you classify people in the groups you're making a bad mistake anyway which sure is a lot of fun. You know I'm saying they they do this and they do that. And they are living off the god damn fat at land those far too stuff like that. It's fun saying those things and sometimes there's some truth in it. Here's a mobile in vocalo. Hello yes sir. Yeah how's it going okay. All right I just want to say that the listener show for a while you know one of the best I've heard. Yes it is and about the best in America is what they all say. Well I wanted to ask you about what do you think about Donald Trump's in Oprah Winfrey you know running. Can I answer your question in one short word? Yeah. Yeah. That's my sentiment have a great day sir. Five six seven. Five facts from I think they ought to run fast especially Oprah maybe she'll lose some of that god damn 2020 pounds. Do a little running might not hurt that bitch. Five six seven. Five sixty here's a classic and there's a classic example of what the guy was saying before about how they're stealing our tax money. Oprah. Villain air does she have any talent? Oh she bring anything to the table. Oh this you offer anything except killing our everyday for board housewives and give a channel for a chat a desperate hope to try to resuscitate some audience in a failing TV station. Oh nothing else nothing else and she's a billionaire. So they're right there it's a good story for all you little black boys and girls out there in the audience and all you others maybe learn to speak English that's a good start. And by the way all there's some great story and nice Fred Grimm you know who I got to give my head off their friend Grimm in a hero he means well sometimes he's on target rights a good column he didn't write a good column today but at least he means well. About the jam sessions at planning a high which we've had a lot of calls about that last couple weeks about five. About the fact that almost 5,000 students in there it's his enrollment at planning in just three years old the school as soon as it twice the architect intent and the reasons aren't mysterious. Broward County like the rest of South Florida combines a reluctance to tax itself on behalf of education with the refusal to check how bad housing developments that are overwhelming the school district with new children. There you go and you know what's like it's like the NRA. Oh no there's nothing wrong with the you know guns it's just we don't need a new laws if we would just enforce the laws that are on the books and it's the same thing with school tax money. Oh we don't need any more money we already got enough money we just need to get them to spend it in the right places. That's that's the excuse for not wanting to put enough money and so we get kids at these education in this state. Because basically this state is run by a bunch of old farts the great panthers and the gay panthers and the Florida panthers that's what's running this guy in state. Schools tumble a stumble and tumble on limited English here's another story and the same guy then morning. Students sure come and get uncertified teaching. I mean if I had a million dollars for every guy then unqualified uncertified teacher in South Florida I could get out of here right now instead of waiting till noon. That's right. So this grace and you people out there you know it's not important that's the thing that frost my ass I don't get it I don't understand it. People say to me oh gee we listen to your callers and we just wonder how it is that you get through the day every day with somebody stupid people. Florida I'm not saying that we got a lock on it unless you've ever been to Mississippi Louisiana but Florida I mean this is a place where there's just millions of dumb people in this state and you don't play and that doesn't make it bad people. They just never had a guy named education they would ever force to get smart. Oh call from jeans bill hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir you're not calling to glow today are you? I know sir. Good we don't want to run into Bobby Bob and too much. Oh no but it was in the student newspaper there was a I think he given to them. For a different revitalizing our season right but I could say you talk about that feeling devastating loss to Alabama last week I should have mentioned that. It was it was not pretty yeah and the fans too are not pretty yeah but Jay Barker used to be quarterback at Alabama he was very pretty. Well I have no comment on that of course now we don't want to weigh out can beat that data me we don't want to sell a sell in your image. I was I heard you talking about her took a lot of flanagan high school right I will try to proud alumni. I'm on this yes I want this yeah and it was bad it was bad. I don't know I really don't know what they're going to do they we have a fresh man annex now that that all the ninth grade is going to this portable site portable yet. Yeah in way out in what's time for time in the end of this bill yeah and I mean they're still. I mean why graduated last year the graduating class of up 700 and they're thinking this is the next year graduating class is going to be about 1200. Unbelievable and then when after that's going to be about 1500. It's got to be really you know it's got to be really uplifting the kids of the state to know that the parents that the adults in the state don't give a crap about them it's it's terrifying to me it's frightening. That's true and and the teachers that flanagan are very very special. Yeah they don't they don't have a shot to be special they are special and they've worked on some of some of the worst conditions and. The students there. Students there I write a decision because it is and flanagan high school is is at a bad start you know only four years old yeah they're on the floor. I'm going to pray for them all weekend long and maybe we'll wake up Monday morning there'll be a whole like a bunch of new schools but I doubt it listen have a great day pound good luck good to the getters. Thank you. Good luck to those getters baby because they're looking at rooms from last week and they'll be okay they'll survive even in spite of that right next to you spurrier. Yeah get baby. I wouldn't fall for you. No. No. No. I don't care how hard you try. All you guys do is to lie. I'm so tired. Va V3. And I think that has you can in so free. But. Bradley is next job and for this just a joke. Yeah. Just. You. I would. In. No matter what you do. I don't care how hard you try. Oh, you. Oh, my God. It's a sports nerd farm. Holy crap. Jason comes in here. Give me a pencil to sharpen. I mean, the poor bastard's in a goddamn sports department. We don't even have a pencil sharpener in this place. It was my instance. We can't have. I'm going to get up the incense and peppermint. I'll tell you that right now because Jason just. I mean, what that is the most classless. It's not bad enough. He brought us the picture of his big, you shaped, turned into punchball and the toilet bull that day. That wasn't bad enough. You turn comes in here and he's blowing the cheese right in the goddamn. Thank you better you than me though. Any other room there. Here is a fact that I don't know what to say about this. And then I'll do my best. You know, I tried for the Kings Game Wednesday night and just didn't work up. And I'm not going to sit here and chew out people. You know, something I get my tickets for free. And I actually said this last season. If it were for pop out, burry and my buddy, Ray wouldn't eat. But I mean, if for for that, I wouldn't have gone anyway. Even though I live like two minutes from the guy at that macarina. So I'm not going to blame other people. I don't want to dig down deep into their pockets and squeeze and feel the change. And try to, you know, squeeze a few bucks out to buy tickets. But nevertheless, you got your Detroit Red Rings, one of the hot teams in the league. Whether most of your sighting teams in league going to be there tomorrow night on a Saturday night. And guess what? They've still got tickets left. Tickets are available in all price ranges. Lower bull 67 bucks. Goal zone $25. Don't be just get out. Fans have the opportunity to purchase tickets and lower bulls throughout the season. It says, in other words, we got plenty and plenty of an unsolved season tickets in the lower bull. Panther practice are available on the day of the game. Only 14 bucks at the yentah at the National Car Riddle Center box office. And I'll take a nice route. Let's 305, 5773 team 9 5 4 8 3 5 team and 56 1 9 9 18. So here's a thing from inside the Panther organization. They've facts me. And I'm doing my best guys. I really am. I'd like to see that place packed. I made sure by giving my tickets away even though we're not going to be here tomorrow night. Nature, we got asses in our seats. I'll not never give anything away again on the year. But, you know, I saw I again. It's not kind of like the thing with the FSU elect with Peter work and labor in his cool. It's the same thing the way I feel about. I can't do it. Which usually I don't feel like way about anything as you know. I'm usually a hard ass with one real hard opinion. But in this particular case, I mean, you know, I'd like to see the place full and the Pavellberry in the guy's deserve to have that. But on the other hand, I can sympathize with those people that just, you know, they got set a pretty marginal crop product there for two or three years and out of the same way. You know, we just we can't afford to mortgage the house again. So we can bring the game for a game. But there are plenty of seats available even though it's the right way to come around. I'd so if you are so inclined, please go over there. Please, we beg you and support your Florida Panthers. How do you like that? I do a good job. I'm job now. So really stinks in there, huh? Jason, somebody stole my box of incense. Brand new box. I just took one cone out of it and they took a whole box. He just went into thinking, you got one problem solved. Like with his OJ crap in our center one CDs, getting repressed, which we'll have in a few days. This is just, you know, putting fires out. By the way, speaking of putting out fires, you know, the fire department that we were waiting for the other day when the sermons were going off, they're right up the street. I've never done on me. I passed them every day on the way to work and I was very broke. I could walk from here there and I'm in and a half. Did they ever show up? No. No. So thank God, our friends from, what was it, advanced security systems? Is something like that? I do believe that's foreign safety. Advanced fire and safety. Thank you so much. That thing would still be blowing right now and the God name alarm too. What kind of services that for all you guys slide up and out of the Greece poll right up the street here on Ivory Road from the fire department? Of course, probably this place, you know, we can't afford to pay. We probably don't have the contract because we can't afford to pay for it. So it's probably not connected to them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes, I like to talk to you about religion and I totally agree with you on, I think it's a total far. Yes, that's what Jesse said. It's a sham. For weak-minded people who need a crunch. Yeah, I was watching court TV the other day. Right. And it had some guy, a 19-year-old kid who murdered a nine-year-old because he thought that God told him to do it. God, they're always saying, you know, you did the God told him or the devil told him. It's always one of the other. I was like, try the bastard. Right. Just like Laverneus Coals and that cult that they always stabbed himself in the neck up there and they found one of his cult mates in the refrigerator locker. And then when a God damn door nail at Michigan State, more craziness, they're all looking for something. What are they looking for? Yeah, I'm 25 years old and my parents and family, they praise religion. I just don't see it. Come to Bugga. Exactly. Come to get with the program. Come to come to the 20th century. It's almost over. Okay, proud God bless you. I think. And I'll pray for you. All right. Let's pray for right now. But we're hot to all tonight. It's set over at Solani, aha, aha, aha, five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, five, sixty. I mean, it's so ridiculous. People mumbling a bunch of stuff. They don't even know what it means. And if they didn't know what it means, they would all be going like that. Or maybe like, like that. God, it keeps creating all these new viruses and this new tuberculosis is making a comeback and all these things. And then of course, this woman and the paper today who's thanking God that they find me are doing something about the offend fend thing with his lawsuit. But she says it's too late because I feel so crappy. I'm not all excited by. I think the Lord are doing something. If the Lord is involved in this, how come he didn't create us like Superman, and vulnerable all of these things. So when some God damn drug company tries to probably a bunch of crap for fun and profit that it doesn't affect your body, huh? In fact, you would need any God damn drugs if we were invulnerable. And then he all be out of business. He made a flat life first, but then we sin. Yeah, then he got pissed off. And let me say it again. How could God get pissed off? If he's perfect. It's such a short discussion. Doesn't have to be a long argument along this discussion. It's just only a fool. Only a simple thing could believe that. Only a ninconpoop could believe that. He made his perfect in the beginning, but then of course Eve, you know, was screwed around that it was the pair on the ground. I'm going to convince that. It was the pair on the ground that really pissed them off. And then of course Noah, that old drunk. He was the only good guy in his family that was left. So we had to flood and the guy got pissed off again. He keeps getting pissed off even though he's perfect. And his rad keeps waxing hot. That's what broke Daniel said. Yeah, that bad wax job. So yes, that's what it was. He heard her show. And God ran as wax jobs. I'd be seen about them. Whatever. Well, whatever. Well, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T wildest line. We're trying to find out why the Jamaicans in the black folks hate each other so much today. And George is going to pick on the white Cubans at noon. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Pretty good, sir. Kevin Spatie has a revolving closet door, huh? He's in. He's out. He's out. He's never been in and out as much as he is. Not both. It's shut like, trivolting Tom Cruiser. Right. Right. That's correct. But what I want to talk about? Did you see Jesse Ventura on Lennon Henry Winkler? What is this? Did you see Governor Ventura on Lennon last night? No, I was at the, no, I don't watch. It was a candy put in. I know. Total, uh, silly old man now. Yeah. Too many pencils, too, Mendo. He didn't ask one question about the religious issue and, uh, we just the gloss over interview. Yeah. Because there's definitely, uh, popular media is a tool of the government. I'm not going to. Of course it is. These people, and there's the establishment. They all say just like Tim Rossi, if they're on me to personalize Sunday. Oh, do you believe in God? Do you believe in Jesus? He backs him up against the wall and he puts him in a position where he knows he's going to have to give certain answers or he totally loses all his credibility because that's the American FN way. You can't really be an on conformist and tell the truth in his country because the establishment wall that you do it. Oh, definitely. Yeah, the two end words you cannot say on the idiot box is, uh, negative and no God. Nigger and no God. And, uh, good saying, Nigger. You can say, oh, you can say, San Nigger too. That's a Georgia. Let me say, Nigger. That's the show that procedure, um, I can't stand it. Yeah. But there's one guy with an annoying, weasel voice that's a lot of catchphrases. Which one is that? Oh, no, that's a beful of that toxin catchphrases. Yeah, he sounds like the ruts of the litter, who's that? And then that's beful. Oh, that's beful. Um, yeah. We're going to have to beful when after I'm on the morning. Okay, it was a great day. Okay, but thanks for your extra entaste in the popular word, contemporary radio. It's Friday, you best. In theaters now from the producer of the sixth sentence, it's the seventh sentence. I smell all people. I mean, too, it's my life then, yeah. And I'm like more balls. It's my life, Albacore. I'm like, who are you? The seventh sentence. Oh, like an Albacore stops with multiple. Oh, show me now. By the way, I think that was a sports part that the Jason Cudin and the, oh, man, it's seeking through you. Thank God George finally found his instance, just in the nicotine two, by the way. It's all the 30 at five, 60, WQL. We got the Hank Goldberg show it, too. And then we got Hank with Jimmy Johnson, which of course is not unusual because this week for some reason they become joined at the hip. And believe me, that's not a shot. It's just, I'm saddened by that. But Jimmy has certainly got Hank's ear. There's no question about that. I think it's 745 talking baseball with my good close personal friend, the Sirelli Donnie B and 745, we got the Metz in the Zona again. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50 on the 18T wireless line. Maybe we'll have some of our great Panther fans calling it and tell us why they don't go to those games. Is it the money? Is it the crappy product we had on the ice the last three years? Is that could that be it? Is it the fact they don't like that crappy food over there? What is the reason, huh? Or maybe they just don't give a crap. That could be it, too. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Yeah, I knew. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? OK. Good. Hey, this is where you punch back in. This is his boss. And he's probably listening to that. He got his wisdom kick pulled out today. So I just wanted to say, hey, Ricky, where you punch back in. And I got my wife with me and I thought maybe it's you get a chance today. I could do play salsa or arousal. We'll do it. Hey, thanks, Lionel. Where do you punch back in? OK, pal. I repeat her team. For whatever that means, 560, 400 open lines here this half hour for your perusal. We've been rolling along a smoke in here today. You can almost smell it. Maybe it's the incense. Got to look at that. Oh, I just like to sit around in the defense and all day. 560, 750, 550, pound, five 60 on the AT&T, wireless line. You notice how these other people, because I know that a lot of you people out there have got a very, you harbor very, very strong feelings about ethnic groups, about blacks, and about whites, and about all these things. And I think it's a very healthy exercise. But I've noticed they tremendous reluctance, even with our gigantic audience over these last 700 years on these stations, that nobody ever wants to really tell the way they feel it. I'm not saying that just because you feel that way, it's accurate. Well, that it's going to be palatable to anybody. But why the hell, they're not explaining to us why it is that you hate the f*** whoever the hell it is. What is it about? Is the way they smell it? Bob, is you alive? Is it the fact that their hygiene is very poor? And the hair is like all, fizzled up, and like, I mean, what is it that bothers you the most? Or the fact that you feel endangered when you go to your AT&T to in the morning, and maybe one of those people, one of those f***ed that he behind you, is that Bob, you? Uh-huh. They just won't say it. They won't spit it out. See, it's just like the thing with the words, with all these horrible words, you know, faggot and nigger and spick. And when they're just words, that's why we try to make rendered the meaningless. Okay, next one, exercise. I think it's got to evaluate. And if we just bent a little bit once a while, I know most of your freight somebody will recognize your voice, and they'll say, all at the edge of the edge of it, and he's a real piece of crap. He's an anti-semite. He's a big, it's whatever he is. And maybe he is. Maybe he is. Maybe edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge of the edge. But what's wrong with being in a piece of crap? I mean, can't all be great people like me? Here's my knee leg, so, hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, Neil? Great. My Italian name is Chris and Carlos. No, how are you? I have an 0.560, pound, five, 60 on the 80. See, that's why I hit little spicks, is because of those three holios that sit around with their little circles, you're a carefree day. And it's so pathetic to me because that's the same line every time. So within four seconds, we already know who it is. You don't even have enough smarts to change the material. You're pathetic. You just tear my kishis out. And then, of course, I see a guy like, well, Denio, and I say, oh, I love those young Cuban guys. And that changes my whole tune, you know? Here's a mobile and more, Githllo. Neil, God. Yes, sir, speaking. Neil, real quick, comment about Oprah. Yes? We'll see how quick you get married now. Meaning one. Well, hey, we're going to want to vote for a woman that can't make a decision in our own personal life. Yeah, she ain't running for anything. You don't think? No, she, for 400,000 years, you make more than men in a week. Yeah, I think I craft job like that. It's not the money issue at her. It's probably the power choice. No, she don't want any part of it, believe me. It's the money, trust me. Yeah, I call someone to do this. Yes, sir. I didn't say on the air though, we're all done doing that. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, while he's just asking permission to do it off here. Yes, sir. And God. It's granted you special dissertation. You may do it. Here's more, Githllo. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's up? How was that the King's game the other night? Yeah. King? What do you say that? What do you say that? Great game. The last three minutes were great. The last three minutes. Yeah. The last three minutes, yeah. The last three minutes, yeah. Well, we're out there in the stand. It's all the amount of fans that were there. Scoop it. They're going to get a bench minor and they keep throwing the magnets on the eye. Because the rassals, because they're very rinsing, they ought to be banned for the eye. But anyway, love your show. Don't listen all the time. But when I do, love to listen. Bye. God bless you, sir. We'll all pray for you. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, while the slide. Nobody wants to tell us why they aren't coming anymore. They're maybe they just all left. Maybe all the people that used to go, but they just didn't come back this year. Maybe they went someplace else and they decided, we just are going to go back to that boom, fourth place. And of course, I can't blame them for that. Could I blame them for that? No. No way, Jose. I don't think that's it, though. I think it's the money. I think it's the food. I think it's the crap product that was on air two, three years. It was very uninspiring. I think it's a lot of the propaganda from the organization. And that there's a certain credibility gap there. I don't want to mention no names, but they both are the same. Here's a mobile and open in part, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I can tell you why I won't go back. Okay. 30 bucks to get in. $9 dollars for a hotdog and a beer. But I thought it's like crack. Right. And Wilton, honey. What's that? A Wilton, we need. Really? And I was so high up there. I thought my God was behind my left shoulder there. Yeah. The least thing I could do is provide oxygen, I think. That's it. Okay. Thanks, pal. Thanks for your refreshing honesty. I'll do Panther folks. I know you're listening over there. Believe me. I'm trying. I want to get those people in there believe me. No fun sitting in a goddamn muscle. And like we had there a Wednesday night. Or especially early because we usually get there early. Too early. That's going to stop because what's the point? There's nothing going on there. But I mean, geez. So I'd like about six thirty. I thought it the game you called off or something. It was unbelievable atmosphere. You couldn't complain about the atmosphere in there because there wasn't any. It was deadly. And it was no, you know, none of those patoon. You pigs down there with their nose pressed up against the glass. You know, those are Jackson ever. Even they weren't there. Even for Luke Robotai and Ray Whitney and Popelbury. They weren't there to get their nose pressed up against the glass. It's different around. Maybe they got something in there, nose. You know what I'm saying? Maybe they got the benefit of some of the falloff from that money that was supposed to go to. Nobody in America can believe that Greg Reed actually made that statement in that article. And by the way, he don't deny it. He said that. He actually said that that thing in a paper about some of it went to OJ related expenses. Ehh. Why would you say that? Why? Why would you say that? Why would anybody with an IQ larger than a goddamn mosquito? Why would they say that? Of course I forgot who I was talking about. Here's a mobile informe letter to you. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hello. Yes, I am. Hi. I graduated from I school 94 at Western. Right. When I graduated from I had 4,000 students, which I think it's sort of accommodated us for the fact of our lunchons or packed. And if you weren't a big asshole, like me and push the front of the line, you wouldn't get your lunch until once was over. And then you couldn't either be late for class. The class is flamagan goes, you know, they didn't bus about 1500 people from about 30 miles across town into the school. Then, you know, might be a little better. And I know that a lot of people come out here as suburbs, all of these young schmucks that live out here in Femark Fine. Yeah. To get away from the city and the people who inhabit the city. And the fact that they're getting all of these city people buss in. I know a lot of them aren't happy with it because I weighed on them. That's actually what I thought we were all through with bussing. I thought that was coming to a halt. Well, actually they all paid buss. They buss a ton of kids from the Miramar MacArthur area. Oh, yeah. And so they loved that because you know, a few on Pembert Pines really aren't of color. Right. Right. And I'm not saying that. I used to live in Pembert Lake. It's very, very white there. Although it's also becoming very Hispanic there too. I mean, heavy. We get a ton of people from Montenegle. Exactly. I hear Rumor is there's only seven people left who's speaking Russian Pembert Pines. I could be one, but that's why I'm here in four five. I've got some of them speedy brew. Right. Actually, I was just in public over there. And Pembert Pines getting some bagels and it all. Oh, exactly. The one right next door to cemetery village. Oh, sure. Oh, yeah. There's about 15 dead people in produce and like 10 over in the bakery. And I was in the bakery kicking up my everything bagel. Oh, I'm not saying. Wacked into the back of some other old man. Oh, brok is kneecap. Uncle, traumatic time in Pembert trying. Please. You don't need to eat the Apopisiad once. You'll never pass your next drug test. Have a great day. I don't think I'd pass anyway. Peace. Okay, so yeah. Did he say, oh, he said peace. 560, 50560. Pound five 60. I thought he was doing French. I pond five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I thought he said peace on them is what he said. Those old friends, you know, there's nothing wrong with getting old. I'm getting pretty goddamn old. Oh, God, am I. But you know, something I still feel young because I live here. Oh, that's right. I'm so goddamn young. I'm embarrassed by it because Jesus Christ the meaning age here is at least dead plus then. 56 on a verge of 57 very soon. That's not to old down here at all. Oh, like a spring chicken. So like I said, we like to argue at all. But, you know, you got to do like you do in most other places. And then you'll show all the old people off into one part of time. And don't let them loose in like you civilized like pepper pines. Pemper place was really very nice when I lived there. And then they built that cemetery village in most of us flew out of there. We couldn't get away fast enough because. Oh, hey. Kown in the barbarians without Conan. I'm banging the butt, honey. 10 I Like the peaceful 10 We swear with nine gay I wish they'd be all it makes me die to stay Please, we'll be in our game I'll be the spends of well here older To think that as cute as you'd be Yeah I think it's all that they all figured out We're hiding our late and see One thing is for sure we can never join you Why don't we come to the game if you guys don't Don't you think that you're my girl We think that we can stay Oh We don't know I swear we might get a chance That's what Kevin Spacey said is he raised out the door running away from the room And everybody went Sure, we believe you Susie Spade, a Spacic 14 till noon at 5.60. WCWM, the George Ride Regasio from the New Year's day is George Rips White people 6.705.60, PAN.50.60 on the 18. Well, he gave me an update on his swing club Sure, what his wife, wasn't it? Here's the sunrise, hello Yes sir I don't really talk about with sports I don't go. I haven't gone to a sporting event in 30 years I've essentially got cursed out by Jerry Grotian Our WCWM, a met game Really? Yeah, yeah, big log. It was asking for autographs I was like 10 years old Yeah And today they weren't giving them back that I said, you know something screw you And it was the last event I ever went to Excellent That's what I'm doing Yep, you know as far as I heard you with the black You know, I'm like the most I used to be a June album At least I'm like the most prejudiced I don't like anybody Yeah I mean I see this kid up at this kid this man up at FSU Who is shoplifting I did that when I was 13 I got home, my parents speak crap out Never did it again I mean it's about morals Yeah And another thing you know Wait wait a minute, you're talking about athletes and morals Well, people and morals Right And then you know well then you throw into religious nuts You know that's a whole mother story But I tell you something about them Okay, I'm in sale I show time shit down in prompino Anytime someone has any religious symbol on it Cross or whatever I make the sale 90% of the time because they all could be convinced Yeah Just have this open mind and I just think it's I don't know if you're busy You know, yeah they're all easy You know that dumb But keep buying the time shit Okay, nice going pal, I'll pray for you 5, 6, 7 I mean anybody could buy out of that crap I guess they'll buy anything Talk about no sales resistance Oh, God's getting pissed off, you know He's getting really upset even though he's perfect She keeps playing these games with us He couldn't just make us you know Invulnerable, like Superman Couldn't do that Notice these is no dying No all of the And of course we had a die Because then otherwise if we work out a die Won't could we be afraid of We could believe all those fairy tales Fear of death If you took away fear of death Religion would all vanish tomorrow 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Pound 5, 60 On the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile and blatant beat Chillow Hey Neil thanks for taking my call Thanks for making your coaster I'd like to address what you brought up earlier about Why fans don't go out Personally I'm a big fan Big fan of fans Right? And I'd love to take my family Unfortunately my one family member is three years old And you have to pay for him And outside of the marlins They pretty much priced my family out of going to a sporting event They don't give you a break for young kid to sit on your lap Right? And to have to pack, I'd love to go to that And get a perfect, but I live in West Pops I'm not going to drive down the NRC And for me to go to my local ticket master Like there's a major concert going on sale tomorrow I'm flying with 200 people It's not like there's any special one for Panther Pack only Right? So you're in line with 200 other people for two hours Just to get a Panther Pack Now, God bless the marlins And although it's in somewhat amateur Major League Baseball still Major League Baseball And I can at least afford to take my three year old And my wife, the marlin game, every now and then But everybody else has become too corporate And does not care about the family It's interesting to see how desperate they're getting And not where they had that full page ad for the heat in the paper They were able to pay where I was running spots on this station Where he's begging for people to buy tickets And they're selling heat tickets for like 8-9 bucks And then those bleed up there You know, I heard that this morning And if you take a look at this, if you take a look at the seats They're obstructed view seats And I'm not going to see anything Right? I mean, I even gave that a shot But you can soak up the atmosphere though, it'll be great Oh, well, you know, you drive the usher And get down a front with Like I say, you know, that's not the right thing to do And then majorly exports needs to take away a little bit From the corporate to the sky boxes And think about the families or at least cut people with young kids We deal to get the free year, I make your money I mean buy in the $15 styrofoam finger And then the coax and the hot dogs and everything else That we kid at least what the kid in for first Okay, amen Thank you Yeah, you know, he said the magic word corporate See that they thought there would be a real smart real clever But all these sky boxes and all the club seats that are corporate You know, buying up all these big chunks of seats And guess what? That was several years ago that started And everybody was saying then they're pricing the average span Out of the business The average span can't come and enjoy it anymore They can't afford the punishment And now, you know, when they get some corporate people that don't We knew for whatever reason or a fan Is sure or whatever happens All of a sudden, I left with all these goddamn seats Oh my god, what do we do now? Who, what ordinary mortals Can afford the punishment here? Didn't take very long, this is only our second year in the macaruna And after last year with a spectacular like a 16,000 plus season tickets It's an almost every game 17, 18, 19,000 people Now here we are, it's all coming home to Roost All depending on that corporate crap When you price the average people out of it You got a real problem, maybe Here's Sunny Isle, hello Anyhow, how you doing? Pretty good Yeah, another reason That, that you said their date of adventure It's going to be all paid for view I think anyways, which is some people playing And everybody will have the pay for what if they want to see it on TV Yeah, I think what reason everyone didn't go to the game the other day was because I think the models were playing at night too Yeah, that might that would do it I would see it Nick Tauhows, baby Okay 560, 505, 60, 50, 50, 80 Yeah, let's get the garbage plate Nick Tauhows, now you're talking God That's what we need is a Nick Tauhows down here With it Oh and by the way, I almost forgot See something good to look forward to We got steak and shake Come on, like any second now See that is something They look forward to it You can do the acting there Just to need to bun Just go through those little burgers Pop them in your push Here's a mobile and four-laterdale Hello Hey Neil, how are you? Great Okay, here's my take on the thing with the pants Whoever there is Yeah, exactly With a few thick shoulders and stay one Up until last year I had tickets in the lower ball Which is like $5,500 You know, every August I Struggle when that bill came around On my American Express card figure and how You know, I was going to pay for it You know, so this is the flat jacket Well, if I'm going to pay $5,500 I'm in the back row of the lower ball I at least want to be moved down to the lower half of the lower ball Where the, you know, the usher is ten police people From, you know, getting up and switching seats You know, during play The whole first period up in the upper half of the lower ball People are moving around Because they're not being police So I request to be moved down to the lower ball And the lower half of the lower ball And they just had, you know, a thick and care left And for the $5,500 You know what, I can be put to a coma In my living room instead of sitting in a comfortable seat Right, you know, for that kind of money So, you know, that's my take on it That's why I don't go Okay, and I want to think I don't know if you caught a city link magazine I think was last week's issue There was a little blurb in it about Jimmy Johnson When he was coming back from the Denver game And then, you know, there was a bread of hurricane Floyd hitting He was saying how he was never, he was quoted How he was never going to fly American Airlines Right, and but did you read that? Yeah, did you catch up things? Okay, I didn't know if you, yeah But you know, we all say that We all say we're never going to fly American We're never going to fly whatever And then your choices are so limited You got, you got no choice anyway That's true But he, he used just an inconsiderate asshole As far as, you know, he had no regard for anybody else You know, so he's a totally self-indulgent prick There's no question about that That's Jimmy Johnson He is, he thinks the world revolves around him Right, that's right And, uh, and closing But don't forget, don't forget We got a shot Yeah, exactly a couple more times Right, and then Okay Um, any closing please Can you do any about those Joe Rose spots for extra terrific deals And yeah, absolutely, I got it I'm not sure the radio I'm not sure the radio That's a George during the last break off the air I said, oh boy, these, these just send me over the edge, you know There is nothing more irritating than him doing as a spot That was like the other one for a, a, around the clock when he's the thing Yeah, yeah H, if he actually works, I mean, he's thinking to put a Michael on And the shot and the yellow And he's out there, you know? Yeah, I mean, if he was someone in television sounding would be one thing But, you know, he definitely is not there You're losing contact with the reality, not certain Haven't you? I did, you know, I sometimes ask for too much Okay, see Take it easy Joe's a great guy, never stole a freight tram I'm not talking about Joe Costello who just sat down in there Look at me like, well, I'm talking about Joe Rose He's a good guy, but he's a little, you know Ooh, little, little, little, little He's a, he's a, he's a, what do you want? He's a, he's a jock, in addition to what he's had to A lot of stress because Danny's taking all of this heat This week, taking all these shots from Gini from Jimmy Giyl, Bird Johnson, we could have a, shot Johnson And the Joe just crumbles under the pressure You ought to say, he looks like he's eight, ten years this week You see in this morning, God, he's slumped up there again To god damn wall I know this is a little late, yes? You do that loop back rope before he's flip Oh Jesus, no problem I don't know if it's up to date on the recorded test. Okay? More trading, I'll buy this thing. Don't you think you're ready? I have a good party day. Everyone really fast in here. Yeah, you used to be a big football star, but now we're here. You're listening to the most straight-up person I know. George, guys. Sniffpool man! Sniffpool man! But, don't wait until 5ours and late 6Fz full 12F. We did the O1 date process, just in the Plus ***! The content shouldnt that be the basis. But 5 spythes have completed with 70F, cada需 right. Yeah,hhh. You're supposed to talk to me. I meet my breakfast. What's up with you? You haven't touched your sausage. I don't have a mouth here. Use mine. Chill out, baby. I'll send a knock. Not a moshary. I always keep on heading in case I encounter those Colombians who are killed by a wife. I feel like you'll be looking forward. That's right. I know we'll show up on the golf course one day. Speaking of that, did you hear about the Beatrice on the wall? Showing a miracle. No, all by themselves. He should get me a call. I do the job right. Relax, lots and double hand. Oh, get you double view. By the way, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the Waternathry and Roy and to give enough to stop a tune in. You're not the heaven-o-o-o-o-o. No, no, we can squat like the Waternathry. What'd you be talking about? He was outside the stadium the other day. I saw what was squatting in the park in the night. When you got to go, you got to go. Yeah, she went all right. In every way. And she was squatting in different twists and twists and twists and turns. And she went in. Now I understand. And all this time, I thought I'd be kicking an alligator. Who's there? Who'd have be? Who'd have be? He was so van direct. What do you want? You know you may act there. To battle 2-560WP. I'm not old, I'm sorry. You can do it. I said I forgot how that thing ended. Anyway, it's the George Kills 2 Hours. Joe talks about his racing show, so when we open, get to the airport show. Take some about 20 minutes. We've got to make it good for about 20 minutes. Then we won't be listening anymore. And we can just play a delurian for the rest of the day. That's our musical guest for these two hours is Delirium. Remember that you broke down Palace soundtrack. I was playing a cut-stop up. Unfortunately, I left it in my car. Thank you, Tracy Neale. I actually went out and bought a CD for the first time in a long time in its delirium. If anybody knows anything about these people, call and tell me about it because it's interesting stuff. It's good stuff. And it sounds kind of like a nigma, most of it drum machine, Gothic, Chanty, Sounding stuff. But it's sort of like an Allen Parsons project sort of deal where they collaborate with people in one of the cuts that I'm going to play as well. Written by the lyrics are, and it's sung by Sarah McLaughlin. But there's other people, mostly female, vocalist. I think it's all female vocalists, the ones that aren't instrumental. But the music's written by these people. So that's what I'll be killing time with when I run out of things to say which I don't think I will. I think I have two hours where this stuff and I won't have to take a call between the center one thing which I'm going to talk about. I'm going to give my take on that whole deal and send some messages out to some people. I got to finish the swinging story because all, even though, well, how many times did I say during that show? Don't call me and tell me that ask for the conclusion of the swinging story. I'm going to say that for when I get on the air. How many times, 150,000 times did I say, don't call me off the air when Neil gets back and ask me to finish the swinging story. I'm going to say that for a material for the next time I go on the air because everybody was hanging on the edges of their seats all these four years out there who apparently have no sex lives of their own. So, so here's the rest of the swinging story really quickly. I'll try to bang that out before the break so that I can talk about this other stuff that I want to talk about including Los Van Vans. And I haven't a new and improved OJ angle that I think is going to satisfy everyone because it all ties in sort of with what I'm going to be saying here. But anyway, the swinging story, when we last left George and his swinging life, life, life, not yet. We haven't done anything yet. There you go. We haven't done anything. We went to the Boca Barbecue where Mr. and Mrs. X was supposed to show up and we were going to get to know each other a little bit better but they shine and I don't know why. Whatever. Brian said that they seemed kind of wishy-washy about going and I don't understand that. It kind of led us to believe that maybe they didn't want to actually do anything socially. They just wanted to get together and, well, we weren't ready for that. We weren't quite ready for that yet. By we I mean her. So, they didn't show up. We didn't call them. We went back to Plato's on a, what was it a week later? The following week went to Plato's great time had by all. I don't know where you guys went. Your girlfriend's dress broke. The zipper broke or something like that. She couldn't put her clothes back on. Did you ever wind up in the towel? That was, that was at the end of the night, pretty much. Okay. I'm out the whole time. Anyway, it turns out that girl that was coming on to me and everything. It turns out she was a stripper. So, she was telling the wife's friend that she was stripper. And you know how I feel about that. How do you know this? She told the wife's friend. Speaking of the wife's friend, she had this size and remember my friend who we will refer to as Dudley do right on the show. I told you the story, but there's a, there's a rest of the story. Took a friend with us because first of all, there were going to be more females in males so there was room for another guy to come with. And I asked my friend to come along for various reasons, but most importantly, because he had just had an incident the day before with his girlfriend. They were at a place. Her ex-boyfriend showed up and gets in my friend's face. My friend, we will refer to him as Dudley do right. You might have heard me mention him before as the guy who's wife was a slut and was bag in everybody that he knew. She was having sex with all their mutual friends and he caught her and was big messy divorce and everything. And how the jackal mist her, I don't know. I guess I just never caught her alone. So, but anyway, every time I make a joke like that around him, he goes, oh, no, so funny man, there's no funny. Yeah, it is. It's hysterical. Everybody else laughs. You know, nobody can even cheat around him. All the married people that he knows, they can't have any insidilities around him or he starts preaching at them. Dudley do right. Because he had a horrible experience, so cheating is poison to him and decides he's like the last straight anal retent of guy on the planet. He's the one that women talk about wanting to find, but actually when they do find one, they screw them over and treat them like crap like his wife said anyway. Hey, they're boss. That's your new PD. Going on, Clarence, the PD, staying on top of things, calling up with schedule changes. I noticed you didn't reprint the schedule though and come running in here in the middle of the show. Not that bad, yeah. Shut up, you're making him cry. I'm sorry. So, so anyway, so Dudley do right goes to the club with us and he gets late. Okay, he needed to get late. Oh, wait, I'm getting ahead of myself. I got to finish this before the break is then I'm not going to talk about it anymore. I got too much to cover. So Dudley do right. With his girlfriend at a place and her ex-boyfriend shows up and gets in Dudley's face all about you better treat her right and you better this or you better that or else. You know, one of those kinds of things and Dudley says, hey, you know, I'll treat her right and everything, but not because you're in my face, mother's f***er and if you want to tangle, you know, let's go. If you want to dance, I'll play the music. That kind of thing. Because he's not a small guy. He's a, he's a strap and man on my friend Dudley. So they have some words and they're yelling back and forth. Now what? Listen, the drilling. The old man left the building what 30 seconds ago, five minutes ago and they start drilling immediately. They saw him leaving so they think it's safe to drill. Well, that's because it's just you. It's just me, I don't, you know what, whatever. It is just me. The audience can enjoy the ambiance along with me. I don't, I don't, you know, I don't give a crap right now because it's nothing compared to what I've been going through the whole week with the center one thing, which I will get into. You sound very wound up. I'm very wound up. I've been drinking coffee, a lot of coffee. Very wound up, very jacked. This is the first day that I've actually had any energy. I've been beaten, dogged and beaten over the center one thing, starting Monday when you came in and said, you know, when I first heard that there was a problem with the disc. Could we didn't hear that. But I get ahead of myself. So Dudley and girlfriend, ex-boyfriend have words and Dudley's girlfriend actually has the nerve to have a problem with him. Dudley, why are you yelling at him? Why are you this nut? In other words, she sides with the ex-boyfriend who happened to show up on the scene with a chicken as car. So what does that mean? So this girl who Dudley is dating is bitching out Dudley for having words with her ex-boyfriend who started the argument in the first place and he doesn't want me to say anything about it on the air because he doesn't want it to get back to her in case she might be listening or mutual friends might be listening because he doesn't want to do anything to jeopardize their relationship. So that basically they had a big fight and they broke up the day before and Dudley was all depressed so I said, come on Dudley, come to the swing club, maybe you'll get lucky and he did and here's the punch line. He didn't want me telling anybody that he got laid. How many guys do you know? Don't want people to know when they got laid unless of course they're married or in a relationship. Here's the kind of people I hang out with. I wanted to strangle him because that's like I said he's much bigger than me. I thought I said I want to go because I thought I was going to be doing the show the next day. I don't know why or the following week. I don't know why. It was one of those if he thinks I can't remember. I thought I was but then I didn't. It was one of those maybe holidays, maybe he would come in and I forget why but that was the whole thing. Oh you're going to be if you do the show you can't talk about this, you can't mention this and I'm like any other guy would be like talk about it, talk about it, rub the bitch of face in the fact that I got laid the day after we broke up right? Isn't that how you'd be? It's how a lot of men. That's how a lot of men would be you you you're you're you're right there with him. You're Dudley Jr. You're just you're just scared of the girl. I've never been so insulted in all my life. You're just scared of the girlfriend. I'm scared of your girlfriend. So I don't blame you. 12 10 on 5 60. WQA. That's when the judge came at. I love the superheroes each week on HBO by Machibi Albecy. Said I'm fire control so needs months and moon now it knows who wants betraying. She goes through therapy, takeей trotesackdaly wants you be with lo�t blice on Siz stanion. No one just loves the soprano, smash his prince. All 16 damage close. Dreams a differences in seconds. For dogs das, das, inexpensive name In Senem Loreland And Lore Then Loreland Then Loreland In theлу- Estonada Living with Shelby They are family Kum Fu Patavanga Make a girthedsehen Wow I'mru contest... As Tem darling Pink Patava Pink Patavega They aboard the cops, little stop. Ah, the best of friends. Oh yeah, I love them. We will see what Tony has to see. Big pussy. His mommy. He quays the好不好. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Who are those? Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody to miss this show. We open some reddles only. Yeah. We can't. Well, it's been 5. 60 WQA. I'm in a great show. Thank you, Boca Brian, for taping the entire season for me. And we watched it like marathon fashion and we're really depressed when we got to the last one. So hurry up. Make some more of them. You haven't seen it yet. He's going to give me a copy of the tape. Excellent. Excellent stuff. Oh, wait. I actually have a, if I refined it. Kind of linked us and psychiatry brought us to this. No, not only. And obfuscation brought us to this. So I wanted to talk about the center of one thing. Well, you think I should finish the swing thing. So here's where we are. Haven't done anything yet. Dudley do write. And the girlfriend stayed broken up. She got back together with the ex-boyfriend that got in. See? How we've been over backwards to make sure that she didn't get her feelings hurt. And she wound up going back to this asshole. And I told him I told him she's, she's a pit, you know, I didn't take you to pick. I never saw the girl. No, but everything might turn. Maybe like to. Oh, so then I make you want a puke. Makes me want a puke worth a puke. I can't find anything on this thing. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and ten, five, sixty. On the AT&T wireless line. And by the way, speaking of AT&T wireless for so far, that's the only place that you can make a free call. And I was going to spend the entire two hours talking about producer peeves. Things that bug me one and sitting in the other room. There, let me just bang one out real quick. All you people that are calling on mobile and paying for it. You don't get on faster than anybody else. Number one, we don't know if you're really paying for it or if you're lying. So I have to presume that you're lying because it's a city full of liars. And number two, that's not the criteria for getting on fast. Again, it's like going shopping in a taxi cab. What kind of people go shopping in taxi cab? Either rich people who can afford it or really stupid people who think they're going to be able to cut to the front of the line because they've got a meter running out in the parking lot. Either you're going to afford to make the call or you can't. I just simple as that. And if you can't, Jesus Christ, what was that? Now they're not going to be feeling in honest again. You should have heard that. Well, you probably did hear it yesterday when they were banging the cable through because you're right across the hall. There were right over our heads. That's not the plaster. Well, we don't have plaster. We have those things. But I thought the plaster was going to come cave and down on it. I'm all over the place. Like you said, I got to consolidate it. Let me finish this wing. You're a tornado. We're going to trapeze. Not this weekend. Maybe the 23rd. Maybe. It's in pencil. Because we have to check the trapeze out to give a report on that. And besides, Alan says he's going to hook us up. So we'll see. And everybody that I talked to about is like, What if they get busted? What if they get busted? I hope they get busted. With me there. I want my picture in the paper. Big print. I'll pose. I'll, you know, I'll vote for the camera and stuff. I'll grab people that are being carried out and pose. Rodriguez found on circumstance. Don't let go. What a giveaway. Let the cat right out of the bag with that one. But that would be excellent publicity. And then, you know, the big trial and everything. And maybe I can get normed. Can't to defend me. I got to talk about him too. I got too much stuff. That's why I'm whirling like a durable. I have too many things. And I want to cover them all. And I actually want to get a couple of phone calls in and maybe one Delirium song. So this little old lady comes up during the appearance. And she's, we had this long ass table. You wouldn't know because you didn't go because you were what? Racing that day. I was racing that day. How'd you do it? Very, very poorly. I'm sorry. But anyway, back to me. So we're sitting there. And I'm like all the way at the far end of the table. And this little old lady, she's she's shuffling by. And she's looking in between those people lined up kind of along the length of the table and front of us and the center one people were on the left and we're over here on the right my right. And she's, you see her coming down the length of the table looking in between everybody. I need to watch land George. I use George and get, you know, to everybody until she finally gets to the end and gets to me. I'm George. I listened to you show you do a very good job. But I got a palean. She leans in close and waves her gnarly shaky finger in my face. Don't do it. Don't do that thing. That you're talking about doing. That's swinging thing. Don't do that. I never did that. But I knew some people did that. And it went very badly for them. They got a divorce. Both couples got a big fight and got a divorce. Don't do that thing. So everybody's like really concerned about my sex life. So I think it's very sweet and touching. So anyway, that's where we're at. Nothing has happened. We're going to try to use and maybe there'll be some better looking guys. They're maybe the wife will get appropriately drunk. You need to make your own mistakes man. I'm telling you. Exactly. And again, I'm not content to sit on the sidelines and watch other people. I want to be able to talk about this. You know, like an informed person to be able to say. Yeah, this. Yeah, that. The only thing, you know, what something that never came up while we were talking about it that actually is a concern. Now everybody around me is going to think that I'm. After their why. Let me just say this. I'm no more after their wife now than I was five minutes ago. Okay. I'm after everybody's wife anyway. Everybody's after everybody else is wife. We just don't admit it. We just don't talk about it. Okay, but somehow like when you're a swing or it. Which I'm not all of a sudden is like, oh, he invited us to a party. Maybe they're going to make a pass at it. You know, no more than any other time. You know what I mean? In fact, they should be happy that you've come out with this. Because at least now they know to keep an eye on you. If you were, you were like Mr. Stuffbomb. Yeah. But that's every guy. I mean, you don't trust your male friend. Do you really? Some of them I do. I get out. And he all right. And he was in that boat. What if he was drunk? Doesn't matter. All right. In fact, there are some I trust more. And some might be coming with. Right? You are, you are one of the less. Yeah. No, don't trust me. Don't trust me at all. Drunk, sober, whatever. It's the Jackal baby. I can't help it. The boy can't help it. So anyway, that's it. Done with the other. The swing and thing. How much time? Now we can get into the center one thing. The CD. Everything was going great. To give people a Neil talked about the background of this. So I don't know. I won't rehash everything that he said. But just to fill in some blank. Fundraising. Doing charity events was never. That never came for me. That was never my idea. That was something that was going on with the show when I became the producer. And I was more than happy to do whatever it took to be a part of whatever was going on. Even though it was a lot of extra work. It's a charity. Nobody makes any money for it. It's a trend so on. And you heard Neil talk about every time we, you know, at IOD, we had real promotions departments. All we did was we mastered things. And I typed out the cue sheets and the information that goes on the front label and the back label and everything. And gave that just the promotions department. And yes, I still had to be involved with a certain extent. Listening to the demo, listening to the master, Proof reading the covers, things like that. More involved than I ever wanted to be, but nevertheless, you know, big what, keep paying for my car. Neil, thank you very much. That's for you. You know, no big what. So we come over here last year. And I get worse than no help. I get fake help. I get the promotions department saying, Oh, yeah, we'll do this. We'll do that. And we'll, you know, and I'll see what we can do in a, you know, a month goes by six weeks go by. And nothing's happening. And then all of a sudden it's too late to do anything except pick up the ball that's all. Cob web coded pick up the ball and run really fast, which is what I did last year all by my loan some. Padding myself on the back. No help from anyone except for Carol, it's center one who obviously they have to get involved. They'll do people make it in the money, right? You know, go to the lithograph people, design some artwork, print out some labels, go to the CD people, negotiate, you know, I sat there with the phone book on my light, making all these calls, calling people trying to find the cheapest people that would press the CDs that would get it done within a certain time slot and found track masters who's track master, no S on the end. Thank you Bruce Parsons at track master who came through for last year and who is coming to our rescue this year since green solutions that I guess we can mention them now since they're not standing behind their product. Much like the other people that I say house master, green solution house master track master house master with a people that screwed up my home inspection and cost me a free roof and also didn't stand behind their money back guarantee. But I'm getting all over the place again. So this year we find GPG Dara who used to work here who left on very bad terms I'm told by Luan being a very catty bitch about the whole thing. Talk into her and passing about what she's doing now, low behold she's working for a place that happens to be like a company that does any kind of promotions for companies that don't have their own internal promotions department. They spin off of a bigger company that had a really kick ass promotion department. They do anything. T-shirts, bumper stickers, billboards, web design, CD, ROMs, CDs, anything like that. Wow, that's like, oh I wish we had something like that to do the center one campaign way. And she says, let me see what I can do. Let me talk to the bosses and see if they want to do some things and make a long story short. They said yes, we'll do your stuff for cost. We'll donate all of our work and the only thing that center one will wind up paying for is the material of pressing these things. Once met with them with Carol from center one, listen to everything that they had to offer. Sounded great. We were going to do a better job than last year for less money. Center one said to save for like around four grand, maybe even five. In savings by going this route and having them do all the way work and all the design and everything for us. We were not getting any help from this station. So anyway, we found out what happened with the disc. The people, green solutions actually pressed the disc. It might have astonished some people inside this building know that Dara didn't actually press the disc herself. She didn't unlike Brooke Daniels. She didn't pour hot wax between her thighs and press the disc herself. Some other people pressed them very poorly and they came out crappy and they tried to blame the master. And if I had given them a master of distorted noisy dogfarts, the CD should be able to queue up and play distorted noisy dogfarts. But some of the tracks wouldn't queue up and it skipped and you heard all the calls and everything like that. It wasn't GPG's fault. Global production group. It was these people who pressed the disc. But nevertheless, GPG stood up and stood by their work and their contacts and they're probably going to have to eat the cost of this first batch of disc. So thank you to them and Tom and Dara and Bill Kallahan, the creative director over there for making a new master so very quickly. And so very nicely. And thank you to track master for doing all the extra effort. They're going to try to get it done in record time. They're bringing in all kinds of extra, you know Mexican, Biner laborer to hand a symbol. The disc and says sending them out to be machine assembled and everything. Why are you growing? Who's bugging you? Stupid collar. Okay. Gee, what a novelty. Where's Neil? Neil wants to be airport asshole. You can leave in the middle of his show. Do whatever the f*** he wants. I can't leave in the middle of my work. Well, maybe if he got a real job, maybe if he was a big sat radio star, he could leave in the middle of his work. So anyway, to be continued because I want to take some time to send a special love message to some people who like to get involved after the fact. Not to do anything helpful, mind you, but just to bust my chops over things that had nothing to do with me. 1228 on 560 WQAF. Ladies and gentlemen, murder OJ Simpson. Hi. I'm OJ. Do you have unsightly acne that you want to get rid of? Well, my new acne medicine from Revlon will fit the bills. It's Nicole Simpson, anti-acne and bruise cover-up. This new acne medicine from hell hides acne, beatings and even stab wounds. Only 2995. Go 1805. Come here, honky bitch, mofo. Yes? Hi. Oh, you're a different person. What the f***? You hit me. Robo my grief. Rub it on. Rub it on. Rub it on. Rub this while you're at it. OJ real hony since Nicky did. My bruise cover-up is on everyone I've loved. And you don't even know it. 27-015-60 WQAF. Before I finish the center one story, let me take some calls because these people have been holding along. So I'm going to have absolutely no idea why. It'd be sad if they waited a half hours to tell me that I suck, but I think that's probably what it's going to be. I'm going to have a bubble in homestead. Hello, mobile in homestead. Goodbye mobile in homestead. Baby, hello. By the way, these new buttons were. Thank you, George Corsair. Baby. Pictures, I don't. All right. I got some issues with white people. Can I live that for you? Yeah, go ahead later. First of all, they lay out in the sun on a beach. Trying to look black. Right. Like black people. I want black guys to date their daughters. No, it's better. Okay, if this Michael Jordan or somebody like that. Maybe black people might not know how much they're doing. You're cute, but there's different. They don't like black people. I don't like that. I'm just talking about the typical white people. Although I would trade places with the black man if I could have a big penis to go with it. I would trade places. Yeah, I would like, but anyway. I got very jealous. I think that's a lot of what's going on. It's where very jealous of the big shlongs. That could be a lot of penis envy. But then again, you got people like families like the Kennedy from rape killed and cheated on their wives. Right. They continually get elected to public office. And black people vote for them. But do you want to talk about OJ and black people at the time? Why don't you talk about Ted Kennedy and the rest of the Kennedy's who I don't like the Kennedy's. I've done, I've said as much. Okay. OJ is in a black issue. I don't dislike OJ because he's a lot of white people that have killed this spouse. That doesn't make it right. Right. I don't like it right. Talk about some of them sometimes. Well, black people who have a body of everybody. It's just that Joe's who black people who listen to this radio station get tired. You're just harping off. I better go listen to WEDR because I'm going to be talking about OJ today because he's a murdering scumbag. And we don't want to be associated with him. But if you want to stay tuned and listen to what I have to say about OJ, I think you might be pleasantly surprised. Mobile and coral springs, hello. Hey, Joe, how you doing? So, hey, I wanted to ask you about, um, if you got any feedback on, um, so Henry's a show. No, except that it's on. Wait, wrong line. Kendall, hello. Hello, Kendall. Hi. Hi. George. Yes. I want to give you some support. The previous color, the ultimate color. Mm-hmm. Um, I think that you have it right on. I hope that whatever you're going to say about the OJs in some is not too old landish. Oh, you're going to like it. I hope so. And I just want to tell that color. Is that about black? Is that about Cuban? She's not about these around here. Is about being a murderer? But murder is getting away with it. Yes, sir. He has the rich. That is a whole ass. OJ had been a poll black man. No, no. He said he had been money. I know. But when he gets caught in the trap, then he says, We're reaching out to his people. That's wrong. Right. The people who he snobbed all his life by the way. You've got it, George. Okay. Absolutely. So anyway, back to the center one thing, because it actually does tie in with the OJ thing. Because obviously there was some fallout behind having OJ. In balls with that golf tournament, that a lot of people inside this building, not only did they know about it, but they were actively, actively involved in making it go on. And it's funny that watching the attitude of these people changed when they actually see one of their peers, one of their accomplices, one of their partners in crime, being dragged, kicking and screaming down the hall to the room at the end. It's got the electric chair in it. All of a sudden, everybody started to scramble around, covering the rasses, distancing themselves from the event. Especially the OJ aspect of the event. And also calling up people who had nothing to do with it in bus in their chops, like somebody called me on the extension a couple days ago. Third degree in me over, you know, who, how did we get hooked up with these people? And why didn't we use the same people we used last year? And why doesn't one of that? It's really amusing to me to be third degree by people who aren't my boss, by the way. You know, it had the mask of a whole bunch of stupid questions about something that they had nothing to do with, because the only involvement that the sales department has with center one, is trying to get an kneel into as many places as they can for free to give a big kiss on the forehead to blue chips sponsors, which is all fine. Which is fine and great as long as the sponsor is doing the right thing, which specs is doing this year, by the way. We appreciate everything that they're doing, but nevertheless, they're getting kneel Rogers in their pad for free on several occasions throughout the campaign. Not to mention we talk about them throughout the campaign. They carry the product in their stores, so we're constantly telling people on the air and off the air. Specs is where to go to get the kneel Rogers product. Three months of relatively free advertising. In other words, it doesn't cost them any real dollars. It costs a little bit of effort on their part, and they can write it all off. If they have to bring extra help in which I doubt, because that's what they do is put displays up. We see them. So I don't think they actually do have to take any extra time. Except they're, they're, I mean, they printed up see the little thing that's hanging there. You haven't seen that. We all got those. Everybody in the stores wearing them those little badges. You see it hanging from the bulletin board. I see it in the modern-wear-minus. You weren't at the appearance dude. You were busy racing. You were busy with a redneck fun. I'm kidding. I know acceptable. You can have that when I'll get another one, all right? Okay. So anyway, they're wearing these badges with the cover of the CD on it. It's a GPG that a fine job making kneel look like the Pope. El Papa. And everything like that. And by the way, I can't say enough niceness about them. Did I mention that they're going to eat the cost of these discs, even though it's not their fault. And it's not Dar's fault. It's like I'm driving a truck full of bread to some starving people. Why am I driving the truck? Because nobody else was driving it. The truck was just sitting there in the bread with getting ready to go moldy and the starving people were starving. So nobody else is doing anything. So I got in the truck and I start driving it over to where the starving people are. And on the way there, I have a blowout screeching and sparks and screech to a halt on the side of the road. And the bread's going moldy. So it's fast as I can. I'm trying to fix the tire, right? And instead of anybody helping me, which, you know, I don't know how many people it takes to change a tire. One, which I don't need any help. I'm doing it as fast as I can. I got people like some people in this building in Norm Kent. Questioning. Why did you choose this truck? Why didn't you notice these tires were bald? Why were you in the fast lane? Didn't you see that there was glass in this lane? Shut up and get away from me. All you people quite frankly, f*** off all of you people who are doing nothing to help me. Who are doing everything that you can to help yourself. Norm, freaking Kent. I get a voicemail the other day. And it's from the, the PWA, the people with AIDS Association. They're giving Norm and award. The MVP of the Year Award. They're most appreciated guy. Great. Wonderful. Beautiful. And it's for Neil, by the way, is about five awards that we hear from Senator One for all of the efforts that Neil has done. And, you know, the hundreds of thousands of dollars that Neil has raised for them over the years. And great. I don't remember ever getting a thank you card. But that's fine. I don't want to thank you, cards. I just want to be left a f*** alone by people who are not, who were not helpful in the beginning. And we're nowhere to be found when people needed to be doing something in the beginning. But because the CDs came out bad and because the f*** hit the fan. And some people got some splatter on them. Apparently they're running around scrambling and they're going to bust my chops. Even though I need not be involved with it at all. Real, if that's kind of sound like it was all your fault. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I own a CD factory. So, you know, I have my own record label, Jack O'Reckon. It's just an excuse to sexually harass people. So anyway, the CDs came out bad. As fast as I could, the minute he walked in and said, Listen to this, he played some cuck, it was bad. I was on the phone immediately. As soon as the GPG people found out the CDs were bad. They were on the phone immediately with the people that press them. Trying to get them to fix the problem they refused to. So we went, started back at square one. They worked day and night, cutting new masters. I went driving up there. They're on their endier field. Hillsboro Beach Boulevard, driving up there. Listening to masters, the manager drove a master downing. That him on the road. I listened to two a day until we got it right. They're trackmaster. They found them. They're going to bring an extra help to get this thing fixed. As quickly as possible, everyone involved is doing everything that they can to get this thing fixed. As quickly as possible. And I've got people that aren't involved, calling up busted my chops. Norm Kent calling me in the middle of dinner to third degree me. Because no, you know, because Neil called him bitching him up. Because center one was his whole high idea to begin with. That's how Neil got hooked up with center one. Is that's Norm's pet charity. And Norm talked Neil into two things. He was a center one. When Camila's house snobbed us years ago. Everyone remembers that story. And if he don't select, I'm not going to repeat it. But that's how that got going. So I don't know what Norm is doing to win his awards. I'm sure that it's something. But as far as getting these CDs press, he was doing nothing to help us. And you're not helping me by calling me in the middle of dinner. My, you know, down time, and ask me a bunch of stupid questions that this was the most Retarded Conversation I ever had in my life. Five times he goes. Five times he goes, you know, you want to know when the new discs are gonna be pressed and I'm saying no Let me do it again. No norm you'll want to know I want to know Like I'm with holding information. Let me let me pull an answer out of my ass norm. What could you pull out of yours? 17 till one on 560 WQIM 12.00 direkce瑣 I asked him what was so a failure Money activers And any item I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more The sea, the blue basket, the lava, and the moon, the city, and the moon, and the moon, the blue basket, the blue granola, the red granola, the red granola, the red granola, the red granola, the red granola, the red granola, the red granola, the red granola, the red granola, the red granola, the red granola, the blue granola, and the orange granola, we've got a real Сule. We've got a rosepeel in it and we've got空-ac zases and blue granola along the green granola, and we've got what we're going to do right now. We've got our trees on a clear beach line with red granola, and we've got our landscape above the Lake Girthur Harbour Canyon Island. We've got aли on its basis on its own 156. Number one with a bullet inside the building anyway, we can't play that enough for the staffers in here. You had a big party in here yesterday listening to that. People hadn't seen in years where it was needed that. I uncategorically deny any participation. Yeah, Joe wrote it. Joe can have fellow wrote that song by the way, suggested the lyrics in the music to Boca Brian. So anyway, continuing right along to this message, PWIP people with AIDS are giving norms some big, uh, 40, 20 award, the question that they are asking is will Neil Rogers like to present the award, so I asked Neil and play the message for him and he says, and I quote, when they're giving you an award for the most useless son of a bitch on the planet, then I'll present it to Norma Kent. I'm just quoting their norm in case you might be listening, you know, but you pissed me off and I don't, you know, and I don't know what I did to deserve it. Thanks by the way for putting me on Neil's contract for putting that post-it note on the back and said, oh yeah, and George too, you know, didn't say anything about my bonus and I had to fight these people for a year to get my bonus for two years I was making less money than I had been. I came over here for a pay cut basically is what it amounted to because he didn't put the word bonus and that paragraph that mentioned me that says, oh yeah, and George too. I write at the end of Neil's contract right before you know, the people sign it. But thanks Norm, thanks for thinking to me. He called it so so Neil said that and when all this crap happened about the CDs, Neil calls, he we was calling everybody and just bitching them out for basically not being involved in the beginning, you know, he was lashing out in all directions like sh** hitting the fan. It was going everywhere and last time I checked, I was the only one inside this building that was actually that actually A had anything to do with getting the product made, the different products made in the first place. I was the only person inside the building that was doing anything to get the problem fixed as quickly as possible in the second place. But we got Norm calling up. So Neil called him, he called back four hours later on the hotline, which Neil can't talk off the air on and he knows that but he still continues to call that number for some crazy reason. And returning Neil's call and it was right towards the end of the break. So really quickly, right towards the end of the break, Neil's Norm, what should I tell him? Neil gives me the message of telling that was four hours ago, it's been taken care of, it's on the bug off. I give Norm the message. He says, okay, I say, okay, I hang up and start answering the calls. There were about three or four lines ringing at the same time. There were only two calls on hold. You know how it is when you're doing the talk show. You want the people locked up and loaded so that you can talk to them and not. Norm does talk shows at least has once upon a time. So he's supposed to understand that. He calls back. I don't appreciate the rude and unprofessional way that you just hung up on me. I said, Norm, I thought we were done. You don't know what I'm talking about and he's all surrely now. I said, Norm, you've done this before. You know what it produces for both of those. Don't be that way, you don't be that way. And now the phone lines continue to ring and Neil's getting a surrely look on his face as he does when I'm sitting in their hawk in a trinic with somebody and not producing the show because if there's one thing that Neil always holds true to, it is no matter what's going on, he's going to do a quality show. And then after the show, he'll, you know, go nuts to the appropriate people, etc. And so on. But while the show is going on, he's doing a show and while the show is going on, I'm supposed to be helping him do the show because that's my job as a producer. Something that Norm can't, doesn't understand. So he's calling me and bitching me out, bitching me out. And again, preventing me from doing what I'm supposed to be doing. And Neil's going to be pissed at me any second now and he's bitching me out about that. So I got to listen to that and then he calls me at home with this ridiculous conversation. Neil would like to know when everybody would like to know you more on, we would like to know and Neil will know the second I know, like I'm holding information back. But anyway, so that's my venting and now the OJ thing because that ties in with the Lewand thing, which that's the explanation for there. Why is she calling me up? Giving me the third degree acting like she's my boss. That's going to be a whole bunch of questions number one because she had an extra grind with Darah. You know, she didn't leave on very friendly terms. She left them very unfriendly terms. Everyone leaves here on very unfriendly terms. They usually leave being carried off by the people with a butterfly net in the white coats, but good humor men come and drag them out of here. This place is the opposite of an insane asylum. It's a psycho factory. You know, home in insane asylum is a place where crazy people go to get better. This is a place where well people come to go crazy and they're usually dragged out, phoming it to mouth, babbling like idiots wrapped up in a straight jacket. No one leaves here on good terms. And I applaud Darah for hooking up with a good outfit. The GPG people are an excellent outfit up into your field beach. I recommend them because they stand by their work, unlike green solutions, unlike housemaster who screwed me out of a new roof. And when I called him and said, hey, your roof, uh, the inspector really screwed us and said that the roof is fine when it's not, oh, you're a liar, your wife is a liar. That's how many companies are. There are a few companies as far as I know that when a mistake happens are very quick to jump out, take responsibility and scramble the fix that is quickly as possible, which is what these people did. And if it weren't for these people being in the middle of it, Senator one would have to eat the cost of those discs, a producing all those crappy at discs, since the people who produced them are not accepting responsibility for it. So thank God we have these people and they're not making any money to begin with. They're going through all this grief, hours of work, and now hours of re-work, and probably going to wind up spending thousands of dollars covering up other people in the stakes over a project that they were doing for charity, you know, just to be able to put their logo on the disc and on the t-shirt. So thank you to all those guys Tom and Dara and Belkhalahan and the creative services creative director who burned a mean demo. You should listen to that thing. You need some of the bits sound better than the original, running them through the equalizer in the do-hikki and the Yuhudi Framison and all that stuff that he did. Excellent fine job. So the OJ saying ties in with that because all of a sudden when you see a head of one of your partners in crime start rolling down the hall, bouncing down the hall, it's time to scramble and do something and start deflecting and start pointing the finger at other people. Like, oh look, he embarrassed us too. Look at what he did. He got involved with some people who were bad people. Look what he did. He's bad. I guarantee that bad CDs didn't go anywhere near what am I trying to say. The embarrassing factor is nowhere near the level that the OJ thing caused this station, which some people I had to explain and I'm sure some of my other co-workers also explained to the management here how absolutely embarrassed we are to be associated with it because when you're dealing with a public product like a radio station, everyone knows where you work, everyone knows you're part of that radio station when the radio station sponsors and event in OJ shows up. All of a sudden you're all involved. I was getting it. Were you getting it from acquaintances and friends and things like that? What are you guys doing for promoting OJ? Were you getting that? Absolutely. Yeah. And it's a very event even calls on the motorsport show. Right. What the heck's right? Right. Because people on the outside think that the whole station is party to this event bringing this hack and slash or murder in amongst us when actually it was just a small group of people, plural, small group of people that were involved with that whole thing. That were accomplices at least by not doing anything about it even though they knew very well that he was going to be there. If they didn't actually go and help him be there. Like I said, like it says in that article, we're still sorting this mess out. And I think that finally Greg realizes the hostility and the animosity that people feel towards this man because a lot of people have been leaving hate voice mail on his voice mail and everything like that. Because he wouldn't believe anybody when we were telling him that sponsors were walking off the golf course and clients of the country club of Lago Mar were walking off and discussed, you know, that's just a couple of people playing it down. Because some people think that the OJ thing is funny, some people think it's no big what. The rest of the thing that it was highly embarrassing and whatnot. And now it's not a time and I got to go for the break and I haven't even started on those vanguard yet. Like I said, I'm going to be all the talk and now we're not going to get the song by Delirium and either. Through it, even our sound this way is because I have my nose inside OJ's ass. What you doing? What you doing? I did to kick that knife all down and then roll the ass. You got to be kidding. OJ beneath of the record though, the chronic John Lippon, is eating so much you'd be better in two hours as rap people. If the golfing is a job, folks like me, my wife made a girlfriend having a terrible finish for us to have a death and a thing that spones John that my close and person who failed OJ. I close the check. Could you walk over there? No jail. You don't should be quick, oh hey, you'll be taking it. Me. Don't have to get down and hit him. We're a couple of times. So work at your head. I kind of off. I never go over there. That's OJ disease. It's still concluid at this patient. No kidding. 103, 560. Whoa, this overhead just goes up and down and back and forth. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Last time we checked the only way that you can make a free call. And you can get a T&T wireless through mobile one. That's what I did when Bell South pulled the plug on them. I just had it switched right over. I can call the station for free, not that I would ever want to. But nevertheless, that's the only way that you can make a free call. And once again, mobile don't that are paying for, don't get on any faster than anybody else. That's not the criteria. The criteria has something to say. But anyway, the so-j thing. And now, yeah, and you're going to give me a look. But here's what I think needs to happen with this whole OJ thing to bury the hatchet. So to speak, that's just a figure of speech. We're talking here from some people here at 560, 560, that wouldn't mind having OJ moving right next door to them. And I'll be the first. I'll step right up and say, me. I'll be one. That house right next door is for sale. OJ can move right in. I'll bring in some two-niddle casserole as a housewarming presence. I think all the neighborhoods, obviously he won't move into my neighborhood because he's got way more money than I do, even though he owes some people for money. But I'm not going to talk about that. That's just, you know, forget about that. I don't hear you. Let's not talk about that right now. About some money that he owes people because he was son responsible in the civil trial. And that's talking about whether he did anything or none. The house for sale, the house next door is for sale. He can move right in. I'll bring him a casserole a pie. Something for a housewarming present. Making fuel realities. I'd like to hear from some people in some of the nitrogen neighborhoods that OJ is looking at houses in to call up and say, yeah, OJ can move in next door. We'll make him feel very welcome. OJ needs to move into the south Florida. He needs to move to south Florida. We need to all get together and they can feel really, really welcome. And the media can go and film him moving into his house when the move in truck shows up and everything. The media should all go there and we should all drive there. And see OJ's house and see where he lives. And make him feel really, really welcome. See what kind of car he's driving. Maybe write his tag down. If you're still inclined, maybe see if he'll give you a tour of the house. Maybe you could walk around the house. See what kind of property he's got surrounding his house. Maybe he's got some beachfront. Maybe he's got an alley way behind his house. And we should all get really cozy and chummy with OJ. And we should invite him places to dinner. And the golf courses in the area should send him invitations to join. And maybe after a while OJ will be able to feel at ease. Which he deserves to be relaxed and to be. Don't you think Joe Castello? Don't you think OJ deserves to be, you know, to be less alone and be relaxed. And I think that we should open our arms and embrace him and make him feel warm and welcome and a part of the neighborhood. Whichever neighborhood he chooses to live in, hug the juice day, hug the juice. And eventually, if all of the neighbors do their jobs right and make OJ feel very warm and welcome, OJ will be able to as he deserves to do as an acquitted man. OJ will flip into a nice regular routine. And as we all do, he'll be going to the restaurants that he likes on a fairly regular basis. He might slip into a nice little pattern like maybe, you know, macaroni, gorilon thursdays, you know, you know, in order to say a roots crisp on Fridays. You know, that the golf course that he likes, I'm sure he'll slip into a nice pattern. He'll be showing up at the same time every day. And because we get to know OJ so well, because we're all going to go out of our way to be friendly with OJ. And show me up to him and get to know him. So while we'll know which car is his, we wrote his tag down. We'll know exactly what kind of a car he drives even if he doesn't have tinted windows. We'll know what time he leaves home in the morning. We'll know what time he gets back home in the morning. What do you think? And let him slip into a nice regular pattern, a nice predictable routine. We want OJ to relax. We don't want him looking over his shoulder. We don't want him checking under his car. We want him to relax. We don't want him to lock his gate. We want him to relax because we're making him feel so warm and friendly and cozy and comfortable. Watching the sopranos on tape like Marathon, one right after another, that occurred to me. Because that's how they take care of business in the sopranos when they have to take care of some business. You know what I'm saying? Take out the trash. How do they do it? They put the people at ease. They invite them to a party. They say, hey, we're going to go see some hookers, some Russian boo boost. Get through a one some basic fourth-layed they'll detail your car, the Russian boo boost. So I'm not suggesting that anyone should do anything other than let's just open our arms and our hearts and they can feel safe and put him at ease and let him relax. But I'm relaxed. Get so relaxed that he would, you know, not feel the need to maybe, you know, lock his doors at all. Lock his gate. You don't need those guard dogs, OJ. We're all your friends. We're all your neighbors. We'll watch your house for you. While you're gone, we'll keep an eye on your car while you sleep. What do you think? Think that's a good idea. Everybody's happy now. The black people that think that OJ is one of them for some reason just because he happens to share their skin color. You know, they'll be happy because we're finally off of OJ's back. And I think that eventually, with time when OJ relaxes appropriately, we'll just be rid of that problem one way or another. You know what I'm saying? Let's just cut the possibility already. Let's have another golf tournament. What do you think? Invite him. Bad idea. You're scaring me. 560505050 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. If 109 on the OJ show, 560WQ and all the golf. Do you regret of those annoying things on your driveway? Black oil, rust and even blood. I'm OJ Vincent. And all you got to do is give us a call here at the Wouter Nathus St. Remove the service. We have a just one call. I'll send my personal friend the Wouter Nathus to your home to remove things from the floor of your driveway with a personal squat image. And OJ's water Nathus St. remove the service. No job is too small. We can't open this. That's the mention of a panel for bombets with tournaments and charity. So anyway, yes, 114.560WQA and 560 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Tell me what you think about the welcoming OJ with warm loving open arms to the neighborhood and doing everything in our power to get OJ feeling all good and fuzzy and relaxed. Joke has done what's going to be doing in the show tomorrow morning at 6am when nobody's awake but nevertheless he'll give it his best shot and he'll be talking about get some good stuff tomorrow. Normally I come on here and I lie and say we have good stuff. But this is actually true. Tomorrow we have Gary Thomas the author of an unauthorized biography of Jeff Gordon. He's hung out with Jeff for a while and asked him all the questions. People are too afraid to ask. Like why are you honking that God book what's in it? What's that all about? Maybe that maybe some sexuality questions whatever I feel like. Okay, he has a wife. He has a wife. And also the King Richard Petty we're doing in interview tonight with Richard Petty. Those racing people out there know who the King is. He'll be on the show tomorrow. A motorsport Saturday 6am just set your damn alarm. It's not that early. The other wife, you know. Richard Petty have a wife? Of course. Of course. I had no idea. 116 on QAM here's Kendall. Hello. Hello Kendall. Hi. Demi. How are you doing? All right. Let me ask you. What happens your homosexuals? Do what? Your homosexuals. The roof or the wall we had a homenspector come by housemaster by the way. The guy came by and what they do and I don't know if you saw the news story that they had a well back about what the homenspectors do. He did exactly what they said on the news story that they do. They write down like they have this little form that they fill out where they just check off boxes. Right. Really general vague abbreviated chicken scratches on their little form there. But then while they're walking around with you and specifying your house they tell you things like, you know, they give you details verbally. Right. But then I told you what the guy told the wife was, oh, you got three little leaks here. This is a great roof. No problem. Don't let anybody sell you new roofs. You got a great roof. And the roof was completely, completely rotted through. I mean, every square inch of wood on that thing was rotted through. And the thing about it is that the people that were selling the house, the owner had died and the family wanted to unload the house fast, which is why we got a good price on it. And one of the deals that we hashed out with the people because they understood that it was an old house is they agreed to kick back from our down payment, whatever it cost to fix, whatever. Right. And I'm saying to bring it up to snuff. Right. That the guy had been accurate about the report and said that it needs a new roof. The people would have said, okay, what a good car. So I knew roof, you know, we got a new roof over and I got screwed. He wrote down something like 800 bucks or something. Two months of fixed the roof. So yeah, I had to eat that. And they didn't accept responsibility. That's what piss me off the most. If you make a mistake, people make mistakes. Well, I'm not sure if you do, you should ask. Well, he was, they advertised on jeopardy, but this guy, and I talked to Craig. I won't say your last name. He was so incredibly rude and adversarial. And when I told him what the guy was telling us when he walked through the house, his only response was no one said that to you. Right. No one said that to your wife. Basically, I'm a liar. The wife is a liar. And, you know, they got, you buy the short ones because I don't have it on tape. You know what I'm saying? He's got the paperwork all according to the paperwork. It says here. And you can interpret their chicken scratches. And he, you know, follow the line one. So anyway, that's what happened. But thank you, wizard roofing for coming to the rescue when working out. Let me ask you, would you like to stand? He just gave you the report right there. Or did they send it for you? Do what? Did he just give you the report right there? Right. He gives you a report right there. That's why. Well, I have a special company. If you ever need me, I mean, you know, too late now. Yeah. Thanks. All right. OK. Go, O.J. Nobody's walking, walking to the neighborhood beside me. Coral Springs. Hello. Bless you, Jeff. Coral Springs. Yes, sir. Yes. Hey, George. I guess you think, say, Bob, J. Robert Shapiro, Barry, check. Mm-hmm. I mean, who are these two guys to just skate out of the whole O.J. thing? You know, I'm lawyers. The lawyers, that doesn't give them. They're the reason why O.J. Walk it around today. Of course, but that's our system, sir. That's the criminal justice system in this country. Oh, we've lacked in the world. No, but the whole thing is, people, they don't realize they are blaming at O.J. They should blame at Robert Shapiro. Barry, check. If you kill two people, you're going to hire the best people that you can to get you off the rap, right? Exactly. Well, I mean, we're talking about whether O.J. is guilty. You're going to let O.J. move in next door and make them feel all comfortable? No, no, no, no. No, no. I think I know each other. I know each other too, people. Of course, I do, too. Everyone else does. Everyone else should have a hero. Yeah. Robert Shapiro and Barry, check. And so do they. They knew it, too. Yeah, well, I'm talking about whether he's guilty. Don't you think that's a good idea that we should welcome him to a neighborhood and make him feel all safe and secure and relaxed? Yeah, the why do we, why do people want over? Watch Johnny Cochran on TV and I know that. I don't know why. And put Barry's check at the best of his business. You know, Barry's check, he said during the O.J. trial that this DNA is, you know, his handle is appropriated and missing that. But today, if you watch him on TV, he says, you know, this DNA, because he's a big DNA guy now. He's a DNA. Yeah, now he says it's like 100%. Right. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's your guilty. Your guilty. The other side was paying him to say that. And by the way, as far as Barry's check goes, he's an asshole. Exactly. They're, they're, they're shicters. They're, they're hired guns. It's like the wild west. They don't have guilt. They don't have feelings. They have, they have feelings, all right? Greed, that's it. That's the beginning and the end of their feelings. And in the whole thing, you know, it comes down to judges and lawyers. What are, what are judges? They're ex lawyers. Right. And what are, what are politicians, ex lawyers? Exactly. I mean, we're, we're in a no-one situation the way we are. Revolution, Viva la, revolution. Right. So, thanks, guys. The way, which leads me into the band band thing, which I may or may not get to. There are a roiter that got this self-lined, by the way. And just, there's just a little piece in here explaining the difference between the hard-line Cubans and the ones that aren't fanatical fascists and basically it cuts down racial lines. And that's exactly, have, and I've been trying to tell you that, that that's the system as it was in Cuba, is that the white people owned everything and the, the black people cut the cane and things like that. And in here, they say, where is it, where is it, the line about subtle segregation? I can't find. Oh, no, they got the right thing. The people in exile that, that come late leaves the rafters, the people that weren't part of the first ways were in all the white people left. They're not so up on the philosophies of these right-wing hard-line fascists, the people that are causing the big stink about Los Van Vents who have to be blasted by the way. They don't agree with the politics as they had it in the island. That was part of the reason that there was a revolution to begin with is because people were being exploited and down fraud. I've not thought I want to sound like a communist because, by the way, if I had the ability, I would go kick whatever cane cutters are squatting on my property in Cuba right. I would do it today. I'd go down there with an ax handle. Children, pregnant women, whoever squatting on my family land, you know, get off. Get off right now. I don't care what color you are. Get off. So I don't want the, you know, my, my right-wing brothers out there to think that I'm going to come on them all of a sudden. But these other people, the younger Cubans and the people that are just getting off the rafts right now, they don't agree with these hard liners. They're ones that are causing a big stink. And it is a very racist thing. And I don't know how communists these van vans are just because they took their name from one of the Castro speeches, but they're actually taking shots at the Castro government and some of their songs. And obviously, they can't be too overt because anybody who actually says anything critical in an overt fashion in Cuba of the government, they disappear. That's how Castro keeps power. It's by stopping the revolution before three people can even get together to talk about it. That's the secret of his success. But they've got lines like, uh, Barbosa, you're, I am the bomb and they had lines that say, you have talked about many things, but my people have never gained. And there's another song called El Cheque, which talks about the family waiting in line for a check and for food and everything like that. So they're taking shots. These people are taking shots at the Cuban government. But, you know, the people, the, the right-wing fascist, my brothers out there who are going to raise a big stink. And the people on the radio, Spanish language radio, who have a vested interest in stirring up as much controversy as possible because that only helps them in their ratings by creating a self-feeding controversy monster. And they're not going to mention that. That Los Van Vans actually do take shots in their songs at the government. And by the way, if you really want to do something about Los Van Vans, oh, my brothers and sisters out there. Instead of holding up hate-filled signs, why don't you go get your digital cameras? I know you have them. And go out in front of your house and take a picture of your house. Take a picture of your cars. Take a picture of the interiors. Maybe you have a nice master bedroom. Maybe you have a nice view. Maybe you have some beachfront. Maybe your front yard looks really nice there in the gables or in Kendall. Take some nice pictures of your house and your cars. Go down to Kinkos. Have them blown up and put on poster board. Really big. And then at the concert when the band is being led into the concert hall there at the Miami Arena, hold up pictures of your house. You know, to, to rub it in their face if you really want to take a shot at them, to show them how well you're doing because you're over here now. Instead of holding up hate-filled signs, why don't you try to get them to dissect or something like that and add their voice to your cars, etc. And so on instead of throwing malletop cocktails and hate-filled words, please, I beg you, stop embarrassing me already. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Fort Lauderdale. Please, I'm the radio officer. Yes, I got it off. Thank you. Yes, I hear you. Okay. I work for a delivery company. Let's just say that it's united. Okay. And that, in fact, I delivered to Lauderdale tomorrow this morning. Okay. And I spoke to a couple of people there, you know, I've been following, I've been listening to stationels, I'll have different shows and about the OJ thing. And I still would tell me how that they was pulling an announce. Right. About it. The blindsided, well, you know, we could read that letter again. I've got 10 copies. Oh, correct. And the thing that bothers me and I feel really bad for Lauderdale, as far as they're getting bombarded with cars from people who claim to be members whether they are not saying, well, you know what, I'm not going to renew my membership. Right. I'm not going to do this, but to the same like the mod, they have to, let's say you're an area of idea. Exactly. Let's say you are a member there. Now, if I'm an member, I'm entitled to bring any guests that I want to bring there. I'm not defending it. I know OJ kills those two people. And I, I'm not one of those people that say, oh, you know, this guy killed two people. If I saw, I'd be star-struck because he's a celebrity and say, oh, can I have your autograph? I would spit on a seat, but I'm saying it's still really bad for the people of Lauderdale Mar. Sure. For what happened to it? Yeah, it's embarrassing that I belong to a station that was a part of that. And I also read in the Sun Center yesterday, I looked at a lifestyle column that, supposedly, I can't get the right number to do this between $20, $25,000, supposed to get a center one and only $25,000 was received. And they're saying that they spent some of the money to OJ's expenses. And that's, that's just disgusting. That's, we really don't know how much of that is true. I don't know if that's a good word. I know, it's just because it's in the paper. It's not true. I don't know if that's something that Greg pulled out of his ass or what. But we don't know. We know that somehow he was flowing over here and he didn't have to pay for it. We still don't know who paid for the limo. We don't know who paid for the party's favor. Things like that. I just feel bad for Lauderdale Mar because they're a top notch golf course as far as me when I've been doing it for probably six, seven years. Everybody's been nice. So the members are great. They treat you good and for them to debom barred or so to hit with a bomb. We're not knowing what was going on. And now it's somewhat honest or names. The true people know what kind of golf course it is. But it's somewhat give my bad name and that it was. Nothing to do with it. They had nothing to do with it. They were reluctant host as they said in that letter. All right. Okay. Thank you, sir. 560 and pounds I have 60 on the 182 wireless line. But don't you think that the logo marsh would open up their warm and cozy and fuzzy arms and make OJ feel like a member of the family and give them his own parking space with his name on it so that everybody knows which parking space is OJs and that the car that's there is always OJs and it's always going to be there and exactly how long it's going to be there and how long OJ takes at the golf course. Look out, run away golf cart. Oh no. I'm not saying that anything should happen other than we need to open up our warm and friendly arms and make the man feel it. Be asshole. Yeah, you got some dinees for sale. Yes, I do. I've been looking for a dinee. I've got a bunch. Can you tell me about them? I've got a bunch of babies that I want to also have a purple or the off-buff. Yeah. They're about three months old. I'm one at least four piece for them. Really hair, dark skin. So this is bird. Love to watch the godfather. What do you feed them mostly? Just pasta, huh? No, these are birds. These are chickens. Huh? Yeah. I'm wanting to get a dinee. You want a dinee pig, right? Yeah, I'm not a few dinee pigs. So these aren't dinee pigs. These are dinee, they're birds. A bunch of pasta, slappers, sitting around watching godfather, stealing and even. No, these are birds. I want to get me my own dinee. Yeah, I don't have those. Well, they look like dark skin. I love skin kind of curly black hair. Real bad dresser, shirt, silk and lots of hair on the chest. Gold chains, that kind of thing? No. Well, that's the kind of getting I'm looking for. All right, got those. Yeah, well, you may wake up with a hoist just head in your bed tonight. 27, 25, 60, WQM. Maybe Boca Brian, if you've listened, we'll call you off the air and tell you when the new season starts for the soprano. So, soprano, understand that I sat. He made me the tape. Did you see any of it yet? Nothing. I haven't seen anything. You don't know. You're a man of guts, by the way. That's what they would call you. We already told you that. You know, you're technically Italian, but you, you basically abandoned the whole culture. You're the kind of guy that eats in Sunday, gravy out of a jah. That's you. I don't appreciate the anti-attalion stereotypes that you are perpetuating on this show. Okay. Yeah. And that's about it. Shut up, what, boys? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Tamarack, hello. Hello, mobile. Speak. Yes, this is James from Tamarack on a mobile. Please, meet your James, what's in the different. Hey, I was just calling for a couple things. One, on that old J thing. I mean, really, it's no big deal because he's, he's so closely watch right now. I don't think getting, but you've got to be able to get away with anything. Right. That's what I'm talking about. I'm not going to get away with anything. It's a matter of, I think the men need to relax. I think you need to stop looking over his shoulders. I think it's a good idea. And I think you're going to be the most well-behaved day where you could have up there. Oh, sorry. No question. You know, right? But also, one other quick thing, you know, you're talking about those home inspections before. Yeah. You know, I too had the same problem where I got screwed over on that. And really, I think the best way, if somebody's going to purchase a house, including OJ, it's actually going to contract or for each specific thing. But if you know, I mean, well, first of all, I'd never bought a house before. Can you imagine what kind of money that would run into? Actually, most companies only charge about $45. It's going to come out and give you a written estimate. And some even give you a free up. The move for what only charge you $45. The guy that inspects to see while would only charge you $5. I had a free estimate on my roof after the, after the home, inspection guy told me, oh, there's no big deal. There's a few weeks. I'll never would wind up being less or the same than what we paid. But these people housemaster were the most expensive people that we found. And we went with them because they had the best guarantee. They had a really cool looking certificate. And I was told this guy spent 20 years inspecting houses. And he served as a company. And he served as a company. And he served as a company. And he served as a company. And he served as a company. And he served as a company. And he spent 20 years inspecting houses. And he certified by the, you know, FBFDA, LMOP. And he knows his stuff and blah, blah, blah. Did he have a general contract as license? I don't know. No, it's none of them do it. There's a few people that do. And they'll apply the most qualified. But again, after the first rain after I moved into my house. And I had five or six weeks coming down. And I called up a company that came out for free to give me an estimate. Yeah, but don't they think that don't you think that like, if you got a roof out there, they would give you whatever information they felt would lead you to getting them to do some work for you. They would be put in a domestic. And that's what I was worried about that because, you know, from the top, the roof looked pretty good. It had that. It was the tile with the other plastic on it. You know what I'm saying? That's the same thing I had. And they told me it was going to be great for five years. Yeah, all this thing is a bad blah blah blah, but everything underneath it was rotted away. Exactly. And you know, when it did leak, I call it the guy says, I had to waterproof with the plastic. Right. And it's guaranteed for five years. Well, just with that, when I call it guy back, he didn't answer it. Oh, answer something. You've got it. Yeah. And the people and when I called the house, now, so people, they sent some other roof out there that said, we'll fix the three little leaks that the inspector said what we're on there and I said, you have it. So whole thing is rotted out. You fixed these three little leaks. What's to stop it from? Do you know what I'm saying? It's like stopping the rain with your hand. What's to stop it? It's going to go in the world. We go, oh, well, we can't, you know, we can't guarantee that. We'll guarantee that it won't leak in the spots that we fix. Right. But it'll just, you know, it'll just pour over and leak through the other rotted part. And then the fan is flooded. It's found three, it's found three favorite places to leak through. The water is running through and three favorite places. If you stop that, it's just going to go through somewhere else. You know, I've got a couple of my friends that actually went with their Farrell from the lady that was selling the house. Well, of course you want to sell the house. They're going to touch that. It's my and it's tough for all. We'll tell everybody. We're going to tell everybody. I got to keep going. 23, 22, 15, 60, QA. And nobody's calling to welcome OJ into their neighborhood. Miami. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah. I'm not going to let you go. Yeah. I'm fed up with the anti-castrogoats in Miami. Yeah. And I'm a guy who's been in the anti-castro as anybody else. But I'm a man who's been in the anti-castro as anybody else. But I'm a guy who's been in the anti-castro as anybody else. That's what I'm talking about. They do. Instead of just be realistic. Take a lady apart though. OK. And Bob and I let the party. Well, yeah. Well, I would have ham and kiss sandwiches. Well, let's do the deal. They'll feel like your food. Well, if you'll realize hey, they're food. There's Christmas. There's what I was talking about. And they're holding up hate signs. They should hold up big pictures of their houses. He looks then, Vans will jump to both. Oh, anyway, if he's the boy, I just knew this. Right, exactly. And then, he and a bearer of the whole thing. They're making a big think about musicians. They made a big think about the baseball players, but when the Pope was down there, sucking Castro's f***ing nobody said anything. And everybody flocked down there. Right. Oh, let's go see the Pope. Yeah. How was it? Castro, he's been there for 40 years, our family's less beilet. Amanda did. Okay. We did came here. I should have said. We came here. I'm not, I tell you, every Cuba family has talked with the record. Oh, we came here thinking it was only going to be a buddy here. That's exactly what that's the same. Oh, yeah, you asked it. They thought it was going to temporary. You asked it? Now, be with it. Okay? Now, I understand you have hate. You understand you have a bomb? I have hate. But I don't believe in doing what these people are doing about it. They're only making money if ridiculous things they do. I mean, they packed up a boat. They're very self-serve. Yeah. How about how they make their money? Look, these are the agricultural groups live off of propaganda. Hate propagators. So that we could contribute to them. I can mention the radio stations. That's if you took Castro away, what would they talk about? The bottom would fall out of those stations tomorrow. It is. It's all there is. It's their capital business society. And I say the how was it? I say, Leo, she follows. I don't matter if you think it's not that big. I'm going to go to the concert. I'm going to go to the concert. I'm going to go to the concert. My Cuba flag on my back. And I'm going to say, yay, listen to these people saying, because Gloria, step up, Cuban. Yeah, but she's not from, you know, what I'm saying. I'm saying. I know. So is I. All right. Thank you very much, sir. That might, my Cuban brothers, you know, that are all hysterical. Don't understand it. The best and most effective way to make something go away, especially if it's entertainment oriented, is to ignore it, to turn your back on it. What they're doing is fueling controversy, creating more attention for them. They're probably going to increase the attendance by the controversy. The promoters probably, you know, ecstatic assuming that they don't get bombed or shot or something like that, controversy is a positive, except where OJ is concerned by the way. Although once again, welcome to the neighborhood, OJ. You can move in right next door to me, the houses for sale. They have a pool, waterfront, ocean access, 20 toe to 1, 5, 60, WQA. I'm sad if you don't cry about the burden of murder. It's like never murder. The state of California's heart is your youth. 17th, 17th, 19th, and 19th, four. I am the old East. Don't believe I am innocent. No, no, no, no, no. It's murder. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Let me prove please. I'm a dirty day. I'm a dirty day. I'm a dirty day. I'm a dirty day. I'm a dirty day. You know both day, you're here. Everybody's on the dance list. I'll believe I am innocent. Excuse me. I am guilty. There's a guilty. The murder. You're guilty. The murder. You're guilty. The murder. The murder. It's both her. What? You paid $80. No way. I'm on the desk lift. Excuse me. I'm a dirty day. No, I don't think so. Basie. I'm a bit. You're not getting here. I'm dirty. I'm guilty. Hey, keep it. There are days. I'm not going to take your dumb little cover charge. And with the dirty day. I am guilty. I'm guilty. I'm guilty. I'm guilty. I'm a dirty day, okay? You're guilty. You're guilty. Why don't you go home and then you're guilty? You're wasting my time. I'm really frustrated. You're guilty. Don't move on. No, but I thought I was a little gay girl. 15-2-5-60-WQA. Mental care has meals name on it. I open all those meal anyways. It looks like it's something good, especially for prison. You mean I know that it's going to be a CD and it is? And Riqueh. Okay. Whatever. Well, it's no delirium. So this is a delirium. I've suggested that you buy the broke down palace sound effects. This song is on there. The lyrics are written by Serimaphaw. What is she's saying to you? But all the music on this list is written by these two other guys by guests and pros and pros and pros, the group or what are the names here. They'll leave and risk full-bur. It's best. And you can hear sounds like a segment of Seppet's drum machine, which I hate, I hit it from a shoot. Why do they have to do that? Never the less. It's still good. But everyone recognize Serimaphaw. This is not the best song on this list by the way. Although it is one of the better songs on the broke down palace sound effects. It goes through the movie because it's only great that PG13 which means I'm not going to be able to see any. So what's the point? But never the less than music from the movie was great. And the sound track is great. What if you start that cover to cover? P.J. Harvey's on it. All kinds of people around it that you know and the whole bunch of people that you don't know that I wish I knew more of like the melody of Perth Potto. Has anybody ever heard of the melody of Perth Potto? That's that piece of song I've had playing for you. I played with 40 audience. This is the one that's heard of a lot of times. I just want to sample it. I mean, it's six and a half of this is long enough to get a little break. I think we can see a small piece. But I wanted to get this a little bit on to get the touch. Let's talk about it. Not that normally it's Perth Potto. Not that normally it's Perth Potto. Not a piece of thing. I do think it's a piece of music. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I'm going to sing it. I just wanted to go through the course at least one time. It's one time. It's a small team. There are also on the broke down college-town tribe, That's our right and song that I've ever heard by the way, which is called, what? It's on her second test and I can't even remember what it is right now. To deliver me, that's what it is. I'm going to be going to see her in concert by the way. Thanks to Barbara DMI. Oh, this is the one she met on the talk over it. Do you even know who that is? You don't even care about the Sarah Brighton. Opera chick. She can't ignore that. She's just opera. She does the fan of the opera. She's in vocals on that thing. I don't know. She just recently has the skill reasons that I know of her is because she did that do what she would call it on Dreha Bachale. Time to say goodbye. So you might have seen that. She's all over PBS. But she's got these really cool, major production shows. So I can't wait to go see her live. Sposely I'm getting some good seats. What's PBS? Oh, I don't know. It's some free TV. Not free for you. Cooper City, hello. Charge. Yes. I don't judge. You always do a real good show. I want to compliment you on that. I've seen a number of times. Are you aware that most golf courses have little graphing noils on them? Oh, that's right. I don't like what happened to Kennedy sort of thing. Right. Not the word suggesting anything. Absolutely not. My observation. And I do really think we're living. And they also have a lot of rough. They have trees. That's right. Because she trees. And I do really state for a living. So I'd gladly like to position Ota. I'm sorry. Help Ota. Do you have to appreciate the idea you understand the angle that I'm not taking here? I start believing in triangulation when you use three people to, um, a while. A while. That's that. Oh, did you say target? I met the chief container. OK.