Thank you, honey. Sports radio 560 WGP-AM-M-E4 Loderdale presents the Neal Ruster Geo, an awesome Neal called 560-560 toll free for native rower or pound 560 on your cell call. The opinions of Neal is guest callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect host of the WGP-AM-E3 that was a concord of the broad best route. Now Neal Rogers, a sports radio 560-2AM-E4 Loderdale presents the Neal Ruster Geo, an awesome guest callers. My name is A. My name is A. My grandpa was the comodont of Auschwitz, Moose taggy and I was the chief of the WGP-AM-E4 Loderdale presents the Neal Ruster Geo, an awesome guest callers. He is talking too much, give a lady doggy down her too and a good snack outside the head. He is a doggy down her too. He gets a quiet time to think about why we want to keep in the first place. Go ahead. You can see the little bit in the head and not at all because they are more than likely to blur it out. The worst possible stuff. So anyway, wait, it is 10.01 here at 560 WGP-AM. We may have some more on baseball this afternoon. I wouldn't start getting it and buy it away. Wow, did anybody? I was coming to work this morning in a driving rain and pull off the CD and for just a minute or two and they got this PR guy from the Marlins on air. We could suck up to him and be real nice to him and kiss his butt and they did. Wow, what a suck up job that was. And it was Joe's honor. Oh yeah, well we needed Domestity. What is that all of a sudden for Christ's sake? That was a two hour blow job. That was unbelievable. I was embarrassed by it to be honest with you. I mean, I realized that we are still in Marlins station and we are contractually obligated to have this Albatross Iran on next for another two or three years I think. Oh man. But to suck up to this guy and do just terrible. Just awful awful. They needed somebody really forceful on air like BFO this morning and he's on vacation. They needed somebody just doesn't ride the fence getting a lot of the shape we're not as rectum. Speaking of that, oh and by the way, I have got even better than Charlotte Holmes. I'm telling you, my powers of deduction lately are really fantastic. I've got the answer to our letter and the only reason I read it and you notice you noticed, man, that you even chewed me off of a dignifying advice by reading it on your on-site hate letter. But nevertheless, the only reason that I read it on the ear is because it had a ring of a mini-rodey, I kept picking it on myself. This sounds familiar. I know who wrote this letter and you know something? I do. As 98 degrees would say, I do. No who wrote it. And I was telling George this morning about, I don't know, three, four weeks ago that schmucked, I had a young pot, pot called it and it was given the assorted and it's very indignant. See, one thing I love about a lot of you people is that if I expressed something and you have a different opinion rather than just saying, okay, well, we disagree because that's the way the human race is, we don't always agree because otherwise it would be boring. Instead of just that, as soon as I say something you don't like, we disagree with, I'm an asshole. I was great right up until that moment. But as soon as I say something where it's appointed as a greener, I harass on you, faggot, you suck, you know, that's all I crap. Usually stuff. So this caller was given me a bunch of crap about, I say in how great it was in Amsterdam and about the fact that there's very little crime and I would like to live there and we're going to be really willing about three years and call something gets very arre-by. Why did you just move there now Neil? Why did you go there now? He was there for two weeks and it was so filthy and it was so much drugs and Yadiyati and he ended the call by saying, screw you and Neil screw you and whining, whining in the slam the phone now. That's the guy that wrote the letter. And the dead giveaway was a bit about, you know, why way three years? Why not just move the Italy right now? Well, first of all, I'm not moving Italy with under your business anyway. And number two, if you're not going to be listening, which I know you're listening right now. See, this is the thing, this is one of the most amazing things to me. I could write a book to psychology of talk radio. Not the history of talk radio, not the chronology, but just the psychology of it. The relationship between the caller, the passive listeners out there who would never call under any circumstances. And this guy probably, and you know he's listening right now and he would deny it. Which he don't have the guts to call again anyway because that would be a tip of that he's listening which is probably why I wrote the letter instead. But this bizarre thing about, wow, yeah, we're turning it off right now. And maybe not we're still listening, but it's just a second as soon as we finish talking he we're going to turn it off. If I had a dollar for every call I've had like that in the last 23 years, I would be an Amsterdam right now with all that drugs in the filter, whatever he was talking about. All that grotesque stuff that he was so upset about. But that's the one that wrote the letter. Who's the listen since 1985 and we have a conversation that was it something really all that provocative. Did I say you mama, did I say you're mother so sox and hell, did I attack his virility something like that? No, all I did was say that this is a barbaric country. There are a lot of things about it. I find very objectionable including all the lacquer we expect for human life. The rampant murders that we got here, the gun violence. And I'm not crazy about it. I don't like it. And I would like to live somewhere I think is a little more civilized. And right away he goes on, goes off on it. Has an nervous breakdown. And after 14 years of listening, decide that he's wasted his time and I'm a bad guy and I'm a no talent son of a bitch and everything I touch turns to scrap and the mark Jacobs and this. First of all, I want you to stop and think about this. How many years ago was the last time I was on a mark to ER? Talk about reaching for something. I was on a mark. No, that show hasn't been on a candle Toyota show. First of all, he hasn't worked there for about two or three years anyway. So the last time I was on that show could have been like four or five years. Like I said yesterday Scott, mixle was on a show, Pete Samperis was on a show. People a lot more famous and a lot more wealthy than I'll ever be. Did it end by you attacked him for going on a show? No, but reaching, stretching and reaching. And it's not so much what he said. It's just the idea that he's pissed off because I disagreed with him. And because several times after I got to call because of the because of the degree of in anity of his response, I quoted him. Screw you nail and I mentioned that call several times which finally got to him obviously. Very upset. And listening right now for the 15th year. And we'll be listening tomorrow in the day after that. You're all my favorites. The ones who say it's one or two things. It's a radio accident like the spik that called and he asked to do it at Tunes in every now and and how come you say that word spik because of people like you pal, that's why. Because you're going to get a call from a guy like you that reminds me that there are real professional spiks out there. Just another radio accident. Just Tunes in every now and then finally when I ask him why do you listen. Ah, so I can't hear what an asshole sounds like. Ah, Leo. Right. You're listening right now. Let me go. Yeah. I have to kill your meat. He's listening right as I speak. Just like all these other people who are going to turn it off. Any second. They can't stand it. They hate it. It did nauseate them. Any moment they're going to be turning off the show. They have their hand on the knob right now. They're twisting it. They're turning it. They're fiddling with it. Not necessarily the radio. Not necessarily their own. But they're got their hand on the knob as I speak. You're not fooling me. Maybe you're fooling somebody else out there. You're not fooling me. Maybe you're fooling yourself. I'm ecstatic that I got that letter yesterday. It made me feel that life is worth living almost as much as going on there with Mandage. I don't know if anybody. And you know something. You know what I discovered yesterday? Well, I already knew this. But there is absolutely positively the amount of crossover. I don't think I've ever worked on a radio station like this before. Where the crossover is none. Zero. Not existing. None. Because I walked in and it reminded you just barely started his thing. And he has a bone to pick with me. Whatever that was, which is why I went in there. To see what the bone he was picking on. And there were several lines of it up. And as soon as I sat down in there, which by the way, that's a very nice studio they got in there. As soon as I sat down and started talking, I could, because the phone is right in front of you. I could see the lines blinking and popping out. Going off. As soon as they heard the sound of my voice, even though he's a very handsome young man. Look, can't see that. Right. One man to two over in Tommy Brady. And that's going to her. And I saw a mad dog talking. And of course he wouldn't answer my question about this book which I brought to book in today. I got some stuff that will knock your socks off man. That will just have you screaming in his stereo. Either would joy or with whatever. But I noticed that he not only didn't answer that question for the 500th time about all this Crattacos on this locker room stuff and all this clutching and grabbing and ass laughing. And you know, he evaded that. He very skillfully moved that along. And in doing so distracted me from the fact, which I totally forgot about the fact that his defensive Brian greasy where did Brian greasy play his college ball. Meas again. So not only is you know, managed like an appendage to Bob greasy daddy, but Brian went to school at Meas again. So that's why we know that he stands up for Brian greasy. He's a very handsome young man. Look, can't see that. I don't think so. Okay. In fact, to be honest, he looks a lot like daddy. Which is unfortunate. He has a stunt yet. That's true. I'm going to say after 10 at 5. 60 WQA, and I'll tell you one thing. One day, I think was just by managed drops for four hours. You know what I'm saying? Like we had a son of a fish is cute. Yeah, like those for four hours. Get a 90's here easy. Nine minutes after 10, everybody get the soap and the atiles out. We're going to take some showers together here today. All the cadets, all the hockey players, all the other macho guys. I kept the acid out where they all shower together and feel real excited about. They take a play like man and they look like women. Oh, right. Oh, right. Everybody is a good hockey. I know for way to keep your hand free. In public kindness with your offer. Keep up your leg and first we've got you with the food delicious. Oh, I'll do some dishes. There. Do some dishes. Do some dishes. Very good. Very good. That's it. This is the A. So that's your home is waiting. This is your home to get some red sauce. A. Just use your foot and you'll be glad you did say. Back for the dishes. Oh. Okay. Okay. Okay. Watch your hands before you touch. Or watch your bathroom. It's not about you. You in it. Power. You think it is? Just use your foot. Whenever you touch. You need some flour. Okay. Put the flour in. Put the flour in. Put the flour in. Put the flour in. Put the flour in. Put the flour in. Put the flour in. Put the flour in. Put the flour in. And now's got a show to all. So think about that. A show to all you have to put, got a show to us, got a show to us. Now the show is put, got a show to us. Now the show is put 50 five points good score score score score or 200 orchestra. Now I should ask myself the first question. The good ones to answer. I spoke mainly on sideman. You do not need the half. No! You don't need was that 30000. No! You want to be with that. No! Just go get the kitchen way. Yo I'm a nurse. Hey guys. Stop! You are a nurse. Oh yeah, you mother all these macho guys who some of them who passed out at the side of blood or that they thought of somebody sticking needle in their arm. Just like the foot plushers who are so so how would use times of thousands so obsessed and so neurotic about germs that their flesh and a pay toilet with their foot. I mean a public toilet with their foot. Which is kind of difficult of course if it's a urinal but nevertheless, never try that. So here's this book this book is unbelievable. I should be the whole guy then book on here. Laura Robinson writes crossing the line violence and sexual assault in Canada's national sport. About sexual abuse in Utah key. Junior and minor hockey especially but also in a lot of other areas of male and diver. And I'm going to read some of this today at the risk of being a little bit of a ponder. Let's give her this crank call. WCWM hello. Yes sir. Screw you. Okay thank you. Okay see how did you know that 14th of the guy wrote a lot that was the guy writes but he didn't say it the same way today of course. Screw you nails screw you. Yeah they need still listening just like I said. Nice call and Neil. Yeah man. I'm going to take a setting on my sharp as a razor blade today. That's right. I'm a sharp as a ray. Ray razor wet new. That's how sharp I am today. I write to me an anonymous letter and I know exactly who it is. Exactly who it is no matter how an honest you tried to be. I know it's you because you just a paranoid twit is what you are. I'll see an answer to the answer it heart. Yeah you'll probably be there with a stable master bar. Probably another leather queen. Nevertheless. Let me just skip around here before I get into the meat of the matter which is stuff that we've been talking about an initial for a long long time. Of course the sports nerd you better turn it off right now. It's a game club you more how many times have we said that on this show especially since coming on this sports this jaca intensive radio station. Speaking of the city of L by the way and Shannon I falk near. Speaking that because that's got some interesting observations. One of them says I know it sounds trivial but all of us in one shower. It's like we're all one we're all the same and I don't know you feel exposed but you feel safe. You know these guys are going to be your friends for life. We're all suffering together it's how we bond. Ryan Pronger is sports ethics professor at the University of Toronto was author of a book called the arena of masculinity sports homosexuality in the meaning of sex. In it he refers to the paradox of orthodox masculinity. In a highly homophobic climate a great deal of time has been trying desperately to be a man's man. If a man feels the need to prove his heterosexuality he engages in homo social activities such as male only sports or joins other male only organizations. Within those subcultures there was a highly eroticized but completely denied atmosphere that tries to recreate the outside world and uses new entrance the rookies or knobs as the designated females. His older teammates bitch to use the expression of the glove rifle and hockey team. We socially construct both feminine and masculine roles so all hockey players and soldiers no matter how brutal their behavior are simply acting in ways they believe real men should act. Consistent in every experts analysis is the degradation of women or if designated women from subservient male group whatever whichever one happens to be. So it can be like a real woman or it can be like what are the obitges on the young guys. Who we definitely have to see naked a lot and force to participate in a lot of sexual acts. Now here comes the good stuff. Peggy Reeves Sande is a professor of anthropology at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. She studied campus fraternities for two years in the early 1980s before writing fraternity gang rapes. In 1960 to 96 he wrote a woman score on the quaintance rape on trial which includes a historical look at how attitudes and laws concerning rape were formed. She says the incidence of fraternity gang rapes are very high but American research has shown that sports team gang rapes have surpassed them even higher. There are many similarities between the two while girls are called groupies, Pucks, Puck bunnies or dirties by hockey players. The fraternities refer to women who they believe will have sex with about any role of them as a party girl. Both groups as well as other male sports teams across North America have developed a vocabulary to describe sex with these women. The show occurs when one of them has sex with a female in the rest of watch. The rodeo occurs when she tries to get out of the room if she's conscious and the train is the line of a men waiting to have sex with her. The main train refers to the process of one man after another having sex with a groupy or a party girl. Gang rape goes beyond the passive photograph and the singular act of masturbation that porn provides as Reeves Sande. But the men still have this belief that the woman has no sexual agency that she is purely a commodity and that her passivity should be there to accommodate their sexual needs. The sex should not be mistaken for heterosexual sex as Reeves Sande. Instead the group masturbation for sports teams that is accommodated through the presence of a female body is really a homosexual act. The reason for this, she says is that the emotional relationship exists between the men not between the men and the woman and her body services their needs to perform for each other. Her presence allows them to come as close as they can to an intimate relationship with each other while at the same time presenting visible proof of their masculinity. The real meaning of the words homo as in same and sexual is an act of sex gets blurred simply because the woman's body is being penetrated but without female sexual agency, without an appreciation and respect for what her body desires, a woman may as well be a blow up doll with three orifices. The only emotional relationship the athletes have with this female in this situation is one of contempt. This hardly fosters appreciation of female sexuality. The boys learn there to be items exchanged by older men and sports. It's the sports trade which of course is the analog to the girls in the sex trade but the girls don't get paid much while the boys do what they make it. The point is both are reduced to being an item for purchase. There is a relationship between the cultural image of a hockey player in the commoditized body of a player being put into circulation for money. We can measure the financial cost of producing young man like this but we can never measure the human cost. He is a highly sexualized and highly homo-eroticized commodity but the homophobic and the secrecy of this culture don't allow us to take a good look at how men rape these boys and how they the hockey players translate that into raping young women. Reeves and they says that most rapes of young men occur by men who identify themselves as heterosexual because of homophobia. In fraternities and teams, much of the sexual abuse occurs in initiations. The initiates are caught not only in a homophobic culture that paradoxically is just abused them but that they can't face what's happened to them because to do so would call it a question the whole world of male sports, the father figures who run as his family values. Instead says Reeves and they express their feelings of debasement through sacrificing the bodies of young women who are thrown away just like they throw away their own feelings but they can't. As any psychiatrist would tell you, you don't get rid of feelings by acting them out. If they have to constantly act them out over and over again because they can't face them. In Stephen Ortiz is four year study at the University of Berkeley conducted with the wives of professional male athletes. Only one wife out of forty seven said there was any physical abuse in the marriage and none said they have been raped by their husbands but several described sex with their husband is forced and devoid of emotional attachment on his part sex and these marriages was also in frequent because the players used groupies and girlfriends for sex. Ryan Prondler against sports ethics professor of University of Toronto and the arena of masculinity argues that pro sport is a homo-rerodic culture in a homophobic climate. This is a male only club says pro office pronger of pro sport. That's a gate club you moron whether it's in the locker room the playing field the routine party there's no interest in really including women. Gang rape is really an excuse to have sex with each other he says the woman is the intermediary. She disappears as the vessel while the real sexual exchanges between men. Homophobia and the Sajini are double edged sword. These men fear the loss of masculinity if they actually have sex with each other instead of loving each other they abuse a woman and use violence sport as the way in which they try to bond with each other. Why can't they accept what they're doing? What's all the nakedness in the shower room about? What's all the play and tell snapping if not a form of affection? In other words, if the gate club you moron. How do you like that? Just what we're trying to tell you on this program but of course what is an old fact like me? No you know. He's just making it up. Just like the business about the wrestling okay. You're in denial you're in denial you can deny it as long as you want to if it makes you you have to do that because it makes you feel better about yourself. Are you never thought of those things? No now what you're down there grapple with some guy with your hand between his legs? With almost nothing on they just got wood because they were excited because of the wrestling. They didn't do that. That's just imagine that. No serious now I would like somebody to explain to me why it is. See I would I would just say the George during the last break. It would never for any reason as they confirmed six under Richter scale as a complete absolute faggot. It would never there would never be any reason for me to want to disroll a woman to take off her blouse to take off her broth to remove a bracelet. I mean to remove any piece of clothing any garment. And yet all of these initiation just like I talked about yesterday and as usual, very little response because you're all in the closet on this stuff. All of these initiation with these clubs, the fraternities, the locker room, the sports craft. Involved first of all, the booze to loosen everybody up. And secondly, nudity, the guys you got to get naked. And then of course all kinds of sexual whatever it might be. Whatever they can get away with. Spanking. They are spanking. But you bottle it so exactly. You name it. Don't forget the military. Don't forget the marshmallow is in erecting. So maybe somebody will fess up to all of this today because like we've been telling you for a long time. It's a gate club you moron. Excellent. Nice book there, ladies and gentlemen. My lawyer friend Alan the accused who sent that to me. Thank you sir. Following Macanon. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. For a long time I was a lonely virgin. That's right. The nearly 30 years I had never known the rapture of the eclipse. The one day like a bolt of lightning hit me. Fetch it. There is men all across America. Realizing the benefits of fetch it. Not nearly as picky as those found on the covers of magazines. Fetch it's our yours for the asking. Forget fancy columns. I just near myself a defensive flinky and a comar on it. Fetch it. Jumping. Today. 1031 at 560 WQM. By the way, Lizette Kapos on Channel 4. You're another jackass. They got her out there standing with her umbrella. This morning in the pouring rain. Did you see that? And the big. This is news in this town. Okay. I want you to understand what makes news here. The fact that people are eating inside the sidewalk can't face down the run south. Basically the R.T. Farty places where they have the tables outside and people go outside and have their breakfast and their shut the body on and there. Whatever the reading. I sure hope their eggs don't get too runny by the way. This morning at the retina outside. And there's nobody outside. It's pouring rain. And Lizette says, Oh, we looked inside. And even though the tables are outside, the chairs are all inside because people are shooting this sit inside. There's a news story from Channel 4. People are eating inside because it's pouring rain outside. I want you boys and girls out there to write that down. We'll be taking an exam on it later on. This is a news story. And I'm sure a little later on. Maybe in the new news that a channel 4 key give us the names of all the dogs and cats that wore lost this house. That'll be some big news too. Yeah. I mean, let. They do this with a straight face. That's the best part. Look at this tremendous response we got here on the phone today. This could be the most profound stuff I've ever read in my life. And I got one call on the board. 5. 6705. 60. Town 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Boca. Hello. It's Boca. Tell me. Yes, sir. Hey, I had so much to talk about. I was going to talk about my germ thing. I want to talk about the animals. I care a little scrap from the tower roll. Then put it on the handle so I can get a full. A full thing of papers so I can wipe my face and hands. I'd like that like put flush in. I'm there with the in that club. As for the other subject I started listening to and I started realizing. I might be gay. You have any. What is that? Nice. Well, I mean, I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. I. I. I. I. I. I mean, she's far away. Well that I wanted to. But, if I'm inline it regarding the problem. I want to talk about cancer already earlier on but Okay, I could like his sir. Okay, clean the shower. Okay, there's a guy who's come out of the closet a little bit 5 670 560 pound 560 on the 18 in T wireless line one call on a board here. It's gonna be a long music field Tuesday today You can smell it. Of course we're building up to a Marlon double header I think most of that rain is like that thing took a wild turn over night. It was going northeast Harvey and all of a sudden wake up this morning and here is going southeast And like a big blob over us north of which had already thank God past the on by so then actually get those ball games in double header at 330 the second No, are you ready for that? No doubt it. Here's North Miami. Hello. I Neil. Yes, sir. My name is one I've been listening to you show for a while But yeah, there's a couple things that I mean I like a lot, but I don't like And I think it's the way you pick on people Sir, I'm if you have something to say to talk about I'd be delighted to talk you since you might only call her on a board But if you want a critique to show you're wasting my time. Okay One Hello have a nice life Okay, that's it that's our medley a call today. I guess put the book away Pack up all the good stuff a little music on there. This audience got nothing to say about it either It's okay. We got one who wants to give us a funny quick kick of the show He likes some things. You don't like some other things. Well, too bad. Okay. This is what it is if you like it fine If not you know put your hand on the knob and twisted like all these other people I'm saying always give me a song to dance. Oh, we're turning it off right now We can't stand you anymore. It used to be a good guy 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the 18 and T. Why don't you want to go to them today, baby? There's speechless Just like the thing of finding I had one or two yesterday very slowly, but surely Sneak it out about the fraternities and the hazing and that's up and you want it a while because they're too God Then embarrassed That's why This is another case if we had a voice ready here to you know Hide the identity of the voices we'd have eight million people calm with us to where the stories about the initiation rights in Their fraternities and college and the military all of these things all of this factory that they go through You're not fooling me Here's North Miami. Hello Hello, yeah, yeah, are you doing all the meal? Okay? You were talking about the Sports fraternities and a lot of these guys are sad Well, I know another one did a lot of people are really in the know Correction law Yeah, it was a time in prison And you know, it was funny you had like certain correction laws It that always wanted to frisk you and pass search you and conduct strip searches and I used to ask them all the time I used to deal man you know like looking at my Units so to speak yeah, I think there's something fishy going on there But that's one of the people need to know about all correction laws. This is how I say why do you think they called the slamer by the way? Okay, okay five okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line And of course like I like the books is very well the women and have I said this before the women are just vehicles? It could be a blow-up doll could be anything They're just vehicles for a group masturbation and these uh, you know, these gang banks that's all it is Here's cutlery a chill. Oh, you know, how you doing? Okay, sir. One of that call is called a mad dog Yes, saying sitting hurt on your show that there was a some famed a kill with a fortipest you game and needle said Harold and had over to One of the Galabard on that well the story that we got yesterday didn't say well There were two kids that got killed over the weekend in the two separate incidents But it wasn't at the game number one and the number two the story that I got didn't say anything about the being football fans are anything connected to that Anything on the table They'll fit up in the in the world and maybe I need to one of our newspapers that anything about What are cool with okay pal? 567.5 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Hi Yes, I'm calling from Miami. I heard your your show here And I know you probably want to hear from the guy, but I got to tell you, it's totally agree with you. Totally. Yeah. You're right on. I'm glad you hear someone coming out and saying a treat about these four to things. Okay, sweetheart. Okay, thank you. Don't date any jocks. I know. Okay. Okay. Okay. Stay away from the hockey arena. Don't be pressing your nose up against the glass down there before the game. You know? Like all those patungia pigs that are standing down there. Those desperate autos because of what they don't realize is that, you know, if they get too popular, they start getting passed around like real big time, you know? 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. And then of course, why, you know, why should there be any doubt is to why they're all of these rapes? Why, why, why most athletes have no respect to women to begin with. It's part of the culture. It's part of the whole. So, it's that no respect for women. Use them abuse them, discard them, lie about. And of course, 95% of the stories in this book when the guys go to trial, the community is on the side of the players. And the woman's got to be a slot. She must have been, she must have wanted it. She was asking for it. She was, she's lying because she's not the celebrity. She's not a valuable commodity to anybody. But the jock. Now we're talking baby. He's got the big bucks. Let me just do that. He's where our future lies. He's where our ego lies. Why don't you know how it is doing, by the way? 21, before 11 at 5, 60 WQM are sort of a fish. His huge, he's the group of years and number brain, kick them destruction. Who among us will take a stand against the forces of evil? Oh, this totally sucks! You can blast. It will be. Hey, how? I'm just going to sit right here and wait to die. All right? The misery, man. This sucks. Boss. Big balls. Big donty balls. The misery, man. Aren't you miserable? That's going to do anything. No, catch them misery. You can do this everywhere. 144 at 5, 60 WQM. By the way, anybody over here of group sex were a whole bunch of women gang up on one guy. Anybody over here there? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Oakland Park, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. I'd like to say one thing. And Ken Jennings is a major, major, half-hole. Who? Ken Jennings. Ken Jennings? Yeah. Who's that? You know, he's brother. Who is he? Ken Jennings? What is he? Is that a name? No. Sheriff. Ken Jennings? Is that a name? Yeah. He is a big asshole. I hope he rocks and hell. Yeah. Oh, I got. Okay, thanks for the bulletin, sir. Okay. There's a great call for you. 7, 30, Tom L. Burrie will not play and by the way, I'm starting to read all of this stuff at this end. You know, you're Murray boys, you could be some of the dumbest people in the history of any organization. If he's really that fragile and if we're really that paranoid about whether his knee is going to hold up or not, at least let's not talk about it publicly. That's not an ounce of to anybody else in the goddamn division and in the conference. God is it unbelievably stupid. Practically like they're holding up a goddamn billboard, it's end. Well, we're really peeing in our pants and we know that if he goes down we're all finished. We're all out of a job and please don't anybody touch him or get near him and he ain't playing tonight. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, I took on the quarter, but it's all in everybody that the quarterback's got weak knees. Right. Very smart. Hi, New. Oh, yeah. Great. Good. Hi, Living Chicago. And I had to comment on what you were talking about with the news broadcast down here. Oh, my God. Whenever I want to watch comedy central all I do is turn on Rick Sanchez for a little while. Yeah. We got a tropical storm here and it's pouring catch and dogs and people are eating inside. They're not sitting at the sidewalk cafes. And this is a newest story and we have a reporter, Lizette Kappel is a channel for who's over there to pass along this very important information to us. I used to think that Chicago news was bad, but man, you come down here for a little while. And you just realize that nobody down here knows a good news story. If you can't talk to him, they have strictly the answer. Yeah, I get into the gay thing. Yeah. Okay, great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Right. Oh, God, how's said? How very, very, very, very sad. Yeah, I realize this is something they can't discuss. I never have been able to never will be in a very, very squroomy and uncomfortable with it. And wouldn't it be a lot better if Uncle New were straight? No, I don't think so. They're just, they start squrooming when I bring up something like this. But, yeah, it's not my comment. These are in a very well researched book and the comments quoted by people who really know their crap. Here's my any, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. New. Yes. How you doing? Okay. I don't know if you have noticed that, you know, the people who don't like it, they are the one who's into your show. Yeah, that's why the ratings are so miraculous because of the people who don't like it would actually write it down, which they never would. We'd have 50% higher ratings on this show. That's why it's a freaking miracle that I get the numbers that I do. Yeah. Because the other day, the choke drivers stopped by to make it daily. We got my place. And you would tell me, what kind of person you are and you're this, you're dead. Yeah. And so at the same time, you stay on the five minutes of this interview. I guess you didn't have a video in your score. And I just, I thought I got a minute. Okay, man. Okay. One call after the war. I'm playing back street voice for three hours and ten minutes today. No sense in fighting this. And by the way, it's very interesting speaking of the Panther Lightning game tonight. I mentioned actually yesterday. Okay, yesterday was a holiday. It was a dual holiday. All the way. Still on the count that is much of an excuse. I was here working. And so was most of everybody else did the many thing. But the fact is we had all those people call up left and right on Friday when I was given the tickets away to the game. The Bruins Panther exhibition game, including the guy by the way that didn't even bother picking up the $160 tickets to the very first row. And I'm begging you yesterday. How about some, we had one guy that had the decency to call and say thanks for the tickets that we had a good time. And it was fairly entertaining. I had some, some whatever trivial comment about the game. Anything. Something. They don't even have the decency to do that. They're like, phoming at them. They're like, begging and they're like, the humanizing themselves for anything for free. But once they got it, that's you had a bad. Here's some rise. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Yeah, I do. I have a few seeing news. Something on the news yesterday about the Monroe County Sheriff's Department receiving a check for $25 million for their efforts in a drug. Sting or something. And what are they going to do with this money? Why don't you think about it? Yeah, there was something. There was something on a news that's sort of about it. I mean, that's $25 million. You can ambiguous. There was something you saw in the news and it was $25 million for what? They were involved in some kind of country-wide drug program. Yeah. And I guess for their efforts, they were awarded $25 million. Yeah. Check it was shown on TV. I guess the, either the drug enforcement, the people, the drug enforcement place. Yeah, the drug enforcement place. I guess it was. And I just was curious if you heard anything about that. No, no, no. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where the slime hell and they'll hello. Hey, Neil, he's at it. Public. So, let's go to a mobile in the highly, hello. Mobile in highly, yeah. Hello? Yes, sir. Are you going? Okay. Hardness morning's in the news. Channel 7. They were saying, you're just throwing, very short. For me, watches. I'd recommend everybody to go into bathroom and hide in the bathroom. Okay. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Good morning, I'm Coleneo. Yes, man. I wanted to thank you for the ticket. Oh, here she is. And I embarrassed her out of the closet. Here's one of the pillows. We are just in New Beach. I'm a lady. Thank you. Uh-huh. Why is it? Why is it necessary for me to have to browbeate people to call and say thanks. And we had a good time or the game's spunker. Anything. Just a response. It's a free stop. That's the end of the input on this show. I was just sitting here dying here this morning again for the 8 million time lately. I was trying to work here. Yeah. But, uh. What does that mean? What you're trying to work with was given the ticket to? No. Oh, I see. Uh, and you have to be everybody's working today. And yesterday, I didn't go to school. Uh-huh. I didn't have a fast. Then how come you didn't call me yesterday? Because I was out. Uh-huh. And, uh. If you're glad that when you want something for free, that's your, uh, you have a lot of time on your hands. So, uh, I'm glad you're doing it. How was the game? It's sucked. Oh. And the only one that showed any kind of emotion was Ray Whitney. Uh-huh. And that's about it. Okay. Thank you. Got to get a great time. Bye. It's sucked. Well, tonight's the patient game. It's not going to be any good. Very important though that they get a winner to honor their belt. The Panthers according to this article is idiotic article by Michael Russo again this morning. In which we put up the big bullet in the Bob Powell brewery where we all nervous. We might have to put the big sparks or Peter were well out there to shadow. Uh, Paul, every time he's on the guy's if he ever plays near his business season because God forbid anybody should touch him. It's very important that everybody take a step up now says Rob Niedermar. We only have four games left. So now's the time for us to get regular season level on timing passes everybody being in the right position says Rob Niedermar. Always being quoted by Michael Russo and David J. Schroel in the newspapers even though he's been saying the same thing. Always time for us to step up. Does he ever step up? No. Sorry Rob, but that's just the way it is. Stop making coats in the newspapers. You're making a fool of yourself. So we're not it's silly. It's just downright silly. How's Nikki doing by the way? Here's a mobile and coral spring. Hello. Yeah, no, how you doing today? Okay sir. Got a question for you. I live in the corals spring area but not 25 now and yesterday on the holiday I'm Jewish as well. And I just can't understand. I went to the courthouse and plantation to one on the Pine Island probably with a way to stop and where you live there and they happened to be closed on the Jewish holiday. Now since when do colored folk with gold teeth at the ticket window when you pay you traffic ticket or Jewish and they deserve the holiday. I just understand that. We had a lot of time. We had a lot of glam took today on furious today too. Yeah, I mean the whole thing was closed down but they've never closed the school or anything for Jewish holidays in the past when I was growing up in nice school and middle school. And I go to pay a citation that these pointers give me implantation and the closed on the holiday. I just couldn't understand if there was something that's going to happen on every Jewish holiday now or just a young kid. Yeah, Tissuebov, so kiss Ella Holley. Okay. I'm not going to do it. Okay. So don't do it again. I guess it's my best advice. All you Jews out there don't get any tickets because every next time you go to a pay your ticket or because down for some new holiday. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Excuse me for reading that stuff by the way. No, seriously, there will be no response to that. The one phony response that we had to go home made up of. That's the way about the cubs. That was it. Very, very weak. But but fully anticipated on my part by the way because it's always been the same. I'd be embarrassed too to be talking about all the crap that these people do. And of course you do realize that especially the higher institutions of learning like MIT where the kid that died with it that way they had the feature on a few months ago. All of the stuff that the fraternities are the higher the level the more a faggy that gets. All the crap that goes on these fraternities all the hazing rituals, the initiation and all these grow test things that they force and to go through. And like I said before, why? Why is a heterosexual man interested in seeing his friends naked in making his friend get naked and getting that all for us and getting drunk and submitting himself all sorts of sexual hanky panky and groping and grabbing etc. So why do you want to see that unless it's somehow stimulating any rotted to you. I don't get it. But nobody will try to respond to us because they can't. Here's a mobile in the Pompat OB. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. That's the problem. I always thought like it was an assur. So then I went, I consider myself a trans sexual and we go out and you know, to go to a restaurant with a restaurant, with a woman, where it's mostly a gay clientele and they won't serve us. I just wonder what you thought about that. What have you done? What have you done? What have you done? Nothing really. Thank you. What do we play? We're a freak saying out. I mean we're trans sexual saying out. Man, oh man, oh man. They just can't do it. They can't do it. They don't have it in them. So to speak. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Stop talking about these things. Will you please you're making us very, very uncomfortable when you talk about it. All of these things. That's right. We feel real squirming and nervous inside. Conocard and start going and looking into mirror and grabbing ourselves in the getting real insecure about it. So stop. God damn it. And so what if there are a bunch of guys that want to take showers together in a very enclosed narrow space and slap each other on the ass with the towels? What about it? Like the kid at the Citadel says, well we feel like whatever he said, we feel it. So over one of the things and our guys say is, well, we can't get him frozen. I'm rarely ever think of it. But there is one thing I want my eyes to. I will not switch to pickles. No. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. No. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. No. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. So Puff, didn't Munch on gas污污, didn't all else that you are soanta? Oh, lucky and nibbles sandal road thing, Well on this gang he's shrikers. But I'll never go. I'm never ever ever. Never's spoon at samo. No evil, no evil, no evil Not ever. No evil, no evil Nebligos tirar. No no no evil, no ever sorts of pickles Ops fingers brakes and leaps of the and the sweatyads of the net Of Like the Black winning hits is lit at it. Rescently. I've done about everything with proofs and have a veggie fetch. I've swallowed man and so so big so big this year, it's kittles. And even though I want these things, I will not prove to pedal. No, very well, no doubt, very well, not shiver, not a lot of people. No, very well, very well, never, never. No, never, never, never. No, never, never, never. No, never, never. No, never. So, back all of them. No, no, no, it's not a 50, 50, 50 coming up. Thank you over to a two and it looks like, I don't know, let's talk, we may have some baseball today, we're not at the case maybe. Is this still raining out there, do we know? We haven't even. No. Anyway, the marlins in Montreal, exposed, boy, the toilet bowl, a double-header's supposed to start at 330, and the panther lightning exhibition game set on a clock on waxy, all depending on the weather, all of these things. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, good morning. Hey, actually, I like this topic. Let me give you some background information. I played sports in middle school. I went to a residential high school and college where I lived on campus. And we knew, you know, with sports, you know, of course, even middle school is in the grabbing each other in high school. We had communal showers, and in college, we had three people to a room. Six of us shared a bathroom. And allegedly, we were supposed, well, I had to, I allegedly had a girlfriend. And, you know, what does that mean? You allegedly had a girlfriend. Well, I guess I'm, you know, I hang out at whatever now. But the thing is, is that in high school, you know, if you call this, quote unquote, a straight club, when we were, you know, people would go plotting into the shower, frotting in the bathroom, at max with a towel. And this is supposed to be real macho masculine stuff. And people whipping cows, and, you know, and, you know, shooting each other with water under the shower. That's supposed to be real macho. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. Okay. Five sit. I would say light nothing. I think he already has five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah. Hi. How you doing? I'm doing okay. Well, you know, first of all, I'm not. Audient, I need a little bit of helping. But I wanted to talk a little bit about this paternity business that you mentioned. And I mentioned any, I just wanted to ask, if you have any best friends and how long have you had those best friends for? Well, what does that mean? Well, it, it means. What does that have to do with this? It has to do with everybody. It's best friends. I mean, it has to do with the paternity. And, and not necessarily taking showers or, or all the other hazing and whatnot that goes on. But it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys. I have, I have two, I have two best friends. One is straight one is gay. I've never had sex with either one of them. I've never seen either one of them naked. They're having desire to do either one of the above. Okay. I'll take showers with them. Don't snap towels at them. All right. In the fraternity now, we don't socialize by people can show us together. If a guy makes a shower and the other guy's got to go to class, he goes in the shower. Well, it's not a question of socializing in the shower. Well, I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternity. We're talking about hazing and initiation in the fraternity. And group sex. I'll tell you about hazing and initiation. When you are, when you, when you're in the age of adolescent, 18, 19, and you're trying to find yourself in college. Whatever it may college may be, fraternity is lend itself to putting a bunch of guys that are like you. What I see like you, I mean, they like to say nature. They play the same sports. They're a group of guys together that automatically, for some reason, I can't explain why. Become your good friends for life. Now, when you have a good friend, and like I mentioned to you, when you have a best friend, or someone who's a good friend of yours, you share experiences with them. And part of becoming a good friend. I mean, I don't know what experiences. No, well, it could be, it could be two guys on a girl. It could be two girls on two guys. It could be, you know, in the bathroom, four guys taking showers with four girls. The experience, sexual or not sexual, if you're relevant. No, no, it's not. It's not irrelevant at all. Of course, it is right. When you're in the fraternity, your, your goals are to make friends. Because you have a friend. Sure, because you have a best friend, or a bunch of good friends, doesn't mean a that you take showers with them because you're going to be friends for a long time. And b certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them. And that's your group second. You know, some of the, I belong to a health club. And then the health club that I want to, it's a completely heterosexual health club. Yeah, but the shower is a shower with, with six stalls on it. Now, do you think that I've become part of that health club, so that I can work out with guys and then go take showers? I have no idea. You can answer that question. That's not there. I will. I will. I'll answer this. There are plenty of guys who do, but that's beside the point. Me, personally, I do not. That a bastion of homosexual activity, even, uh, health clubs. I do not go and join the fraternity. Don't sound so sensitive. We believe you. The point of a fraternity and communal showers and group sex. And whatnot, is not a question. What is the point of a group sex? The point of a fraternity, has hazing and the point of becoming a woman. What is the point of making the other? What is the point of making the young kids get naked? I'll tell you exactly what it is. I'll tell you how to give you a straight forward end. Please, the straight end. When you belong to a fraternity and I'll say it again. You belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life. And part of the one way that we're trying to get naked for you. Let me finish part of the experience of having a best friend, whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with or whether maybe a best friend that you are drinking with. If you share intimate moments, not intimate moments, not sexual. When I think intimate, I don't mean sexual. I mean intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else who's not your friend. For example, you're a real young kid. You're a young kid. You're so fat in me that even I'm embarrassed for you, sir. You want to know? Sounds very fat in me. Running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys. You're never going to share experience with anybody else. Not even your wife or your kids or any other friends that you're doing. Why would you run around with a bunch of guys? Why do you want to do that? Oh, that's amazing. It's not a question of you. You don't have a choice. Right. Right. And why do you want to force these kids to be naked? Why do they always have to take their clothes off? My, my closet friend. I've had every day that hanged out at the showers of the gym. Why don't you tell me the real story here, pal? I've had an everyday experience. People do not in a fraternity walk around naked, nor do they think it's not your. Stop, stop, stop, stop. You're right. Stop when my closet rain. Stop with a steam in the steam bath. Okay. Let's get back to the meat of the matter. Tell me why you want to see make these guys get naked. What is that all about? It's a matter of respect. It's a matter of respect. No, it's a matter of lack of respect. It's a matter of respect. It's a matter of respect. It's a matter of respect. If I respect somebody, I'm not going to force them to a, the grade themselves and embarrass them, humiliate themselves. You know, they're part of my, I love, but if you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys, who says that? I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I, okay, without any more discussion, it's very simple, a child could tell you. If somebody demands that I get naked, in order to be their friend, I'll pass, okay? There's a good message for all you kids out there. If any other male, okay, your age, older, whatever, if they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of naked, hanky, panky in order to be a part of their club, in order to be your buddy, in order to be their pal, run like a bandit, run like a son of a bitch. That's the best call I've ever had in my life. You see, it took a lot of work. It took a lot of stick to it of this to finally draw it out. Sir, congratulations on your coming out. God, Almighty, that was beautiful. Oh, I'm, I'm just emotional. I'm just swept away by that call. Let's go home. Don't ever lose that. Save that. Put it in a goddamn time capsule. If you're going to be with these guys, they're going to be your best buddies for life. There's nothing like running naked on the beach. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I think, you know what, I think that rich guy is going to run naked around the track tomorrow before we see the racist. You know, he's a good friend of mine. For years, can you, can you see that? Can you envision that? Oh, stop. Oh, speaking of that top of the park is doing it, baby. That's right. We got live racing wins. They Friday and Saturday. It's seven thirty including tomorrow night. In fact, maybe you want to come out and watch the knee or I just bet rich naked race tomorrow night. I see for the glory holes. Hello, this is mob doll. You know, a few years ago, I had prostate surgery. Initially, I was worried simply about recovering. And I began to worry about the post operative side effects like erectile dysfunction. He'd eat sometimes known as impotence. Also referred to as whiskey weiner. Leg of lamp, soft serve, downpairs cuff, wildly wily, flascent flagpole, head and south. Spaghetti syndrome, lamp biscuit, you know, being down the witch's dead. But there is help. You need to see it, doctor. With a little courage and proper treatment. He can help you achieve an erection. Sometimes known as a boner. Often referred to as a spiffy hard time pocket rocket, a panicum drop, car and creek, crawler, rollercoaders, a jumpy, catching a cat or being harder than Johnny's algebra. And when you do get help, there's no reason to be ashamed. Because there's now hope for men and their partners. Oh, they'll soon be able to have intercourse. Sometimes known as sex. Often referred to as the hunky bands. Puff and ugly, hide in the phalanx, putting you uprights. The dude's take buggy, getting some on you. Imagine that. You know, taking a trip to the mound. So remember, it's a little embarrassing to talk about, but little courage and a few creative view from mezzams. You too can leave behind this off rock. Get yourself some hard salami. Run to the baloney pony into a bright new future. I'm Bob Dull. Thank you. 11 16 at 560 WQM. Let me read again that one paragraph for this last closet case that just called. Talking about gang rape, group sex, whatever you want to call it. For turn these teams. It says this section being mistaken for heterosexual sex. Instead, the group masturbation for sports teams that's accommodated through the presence of a female body that is really a homosexual act. The reading for this is that the emotional relationship exists between the men, not between the men and the woman, and her body services their need to perform for each other. Her presence allows them to come as close as they can to an intimate relationship with each other, while with the same time presenting visible proof of their masculinity. Just before, of course, they go out and run naked on the beach. Oh, without the woman. That was just, I'm going to, I'm still so swept away by that call. It was just phenomenal. Sure, if we had a thousand dollars in cash as a prize to send you, I would put it in the mail right now. 560560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Speak to me, sir. Okay, that's the end of that. You lost it. Here's Pompano. Hello. I don't know what that was. I don't either. Listen, I got two quick things to say. Maybe you had a maybe you had a gore on the beach. Well, look, again back to fraternity for a second. I went to a small school in Connecticut. There was three fraternities. My freshman year, I didn't know anybody has to figure out. I'm going to join a fraternity, and I realized that they were all run by and popular by idiots. Guys have had a need to be with other guys to joke around and think that they were cooler than other people. And I immediately turned me off. And by the time I saw more of your role around, I was already connected with like the school radio station and things like that. Well, all of a sudden, I was of value to these people. Then they all wanted me to join a fraternity. And I said, no thanks. I've got my own friends. You know, fraternities may be at a big school, like a Purdue or something like that. Maybe they've got a purpose, the honorary, the staff. No, I don't think so because this guy says, you know, you find people with the same interest. Well, that's how you find friends in life. You know, the larger the university, like I went to Michigan State, like 45,000 students. If you're going to make friends, you're going to find people in the dorm wherever you hang up. You're going to find people at the same interest desk like you do in life. You don't have to join some kind of a club to do that. You're absolutely right. I don't have to take showers with them or when they get on the beach to make friends that have similar renters unless, you know, those are the interests. I will say some of the flat parties. I did go to did break a few laws. They were fun, but you know, I don't know. Maybe it's different of women's viewpoint on a sorority as it is for guys with a fraternity. I don't need them, you know, unable. It needs to be in a fraternity. Well, they need more than that. I never heard any stories about, you know, speaking of a group sex by women. I never heard any sororities to raise about women and ganging up on one guy and having group sex and gang bang in some guy. Well, you didn't go school, can I get in the 70s? Okay. All right. Now, you see other things. I am going to be doing some traveling. Have you ever been to Australia? No. No. I know you said you've been to Hawaii a few times. I know you said to Australia. Well, and October, I'm going to do Australia for about a month. I'm going to go back and forth to it. I just didn't know. I know you've been around the block a few times. I just didn't know that, but, uh, you've a inspiring for it. Oh, I definitely, well, I just thought, I'll one person to do Spag. Arting and bust through your both dou Spag. Okay. Hang in there. Okay. Don't come back and tell us it's too good, okay. Then that one guy, the emotional cripple, I called the first call out of the box today and sent me the hate letter yesterday. Oh, screw you. And he'll be all upset again. If you tell them that's good, some place else. 670560, pound five 60. All we're saying is stop lying to yourself. That's all. If you want to screw around, be our guest. And then, of course, as far as the, the incoming, the, uh, rookies, the, uh, whatever the hell the bitches, whatever you want to call, that's not all right. Abusing other people. That's not okay. That's not acceptable. Screwing up their minds. Which is what this whole book is about that I was talking about. Which, I don't know if it's in the book stores here crossing the line by a lower Robinson. Probably on the Canadian book stores because it's mainly on the right. So it's because it's mainly a hockey thing, but it's a great book paperback. Here's the mobile piggy port in Tamarack, hello. I need a how are you? Okay, sir. I just thought three of Ken's favorite songs on university drive just north of commercial Boulevard. Okay. And they were in a circle. I don't know what they were doing, but they were planning something. Okay. I thought you'd like to know. Thanks a lot. I'm planning for the donut to noon. 5605050, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Good morning, Neil. Thanks for taking the call. Thanks for making your call, sir. Listen, I just think that went to a school in Alabama that played baseball. They'll these jobs. What am we getting for eternity in pay for friends? They got to be crazy. I'm a well-rounded enough person that I don't need to pay somebody. That's great. And they've very good way to describe it. Paying for friends. It's crazy. What would I want to pay somebody? You know, I don't need that. Also, I have a question. Have you ever been to the Netherlands until? The Netherlands and till is no. Yeah, okay. What would I want to go there? Well, I don't know. I just, I'm going to the chorus aisle and I'd like to know if it's where going there. No. Okay. Maybe somebody will, maybe somebody will come in. Maybe somebody will call who's been there. But based on the people from the Netherlands and till is that I see in the Netherlands proper and Amsterdam, I would say, No. But again, maybe somebody will call. Okay. Well, anyway, that guy that talked about at the fraternities and whatsoever. I don't even want to spend my brother naked in the bathroom much like somebody else. So thanks for everything you do for us. Okay, thank you. I appreciate it. Yeah. You know, all new kids out there, we got any kids who can't get in school today because they're ramed or for whatever reason. Anybody else says, hey, let's go run naked on the beach just to run on the other direction of spasiness can be called for the cops. Oh, man. Oh, running. I mean, I have, you know, I always, the history books we write about the ancient Greeks, you know, the Spartans, not necessarily from Michigan State, not those Spartans, but they might have been, and the Romans, you know. That's what this guy's talking about. Talking about a gay club talking about. And then fine, I'm certainly the last one to condemn this, but don't lie about it. Don't pretend that it doesn't exist. Oh, what a wonderful thing to run naked on the beach with your close buddies. Who'll be your friends on your, it sounds like that thing from the cadet at the at the Citadel, the same thing that I read about taking a shower together and feeding safe and bonding in all of that crap. How does taking a shower with somebody naked make you feel safe? Unless they're the ones holding the soap, I guess. Unless it's got a long rope, or is that a short rope? Here's Miramar, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I just made a, you, you, you last week, let me move back. You last week you were talking about how much of a garbage movie, raging bull was. Yes. And the other night I sat down and I could even get past the first 45 seconds of the movie. I mean, that opening up. Yeah, I'm sure it's good to what you told me. I had seen it before. I tried it dozens times to get by that first because I actually had the tape at home because everybody raised about how great it was. So when I got the video, I've had it for years. I never watched it. And I only watched it because I couldn't sleep that one out of an Amsterdam was on the BBC or something. And then it was a tragedy. Wait, if you want to have hours. If you've seen casino, you know, then you've seen good fellas. If you've seen good fellas, then you've seen a Bronx tail. Right. I mean, every last one of those movies. It's the same. Your pet she does the same. Right. Trigger happy cowboy. Right. And that's why I'm, but you're right. I totally lost all respect for him because he was playing the same damn role. I mean, he was very funny and good fellows. If you never saw all the other ones, you mentioned. Right. But when I see a guy who's a one trick pony, I mean, it gets, uh, oh, real fast. But listen, if, if did you see a Jackie Brown? No. But that's one, that's the first time that we've seen DeNero, not doing DeNero. Yeah. You played a piehead in that movie. Uh-huh. And then I'm out of my chair. Okay. Thanks. So there's another guy who hated raging bull. Yeah. Let's hear about Kura Sau. Okay. Let's hear about the Netherlands and tell you, show me. No. I don't think that guy out of go. I think you're going to hate it. Almost as much as Jacqueline and hated you with Slavie and Massapiel. 560, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. We want to fact that collar a couple of calls back in those which one that is. The guy that's running naked on the beach with his buddies from his fraternity. Arm and arm, hand and hand. Solidarity brothers. Blanned and hand, yeah. Here's a mobile in the port, ever. It's hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Thanks for taking my call. Yes, sir. I'm behalf of my son and nice thank you for the tickets. We enjoyed the game. I had a good time. Was okay? I was a fight on the first. Me no was good. Uh-huh. All right. And that was kind of dope. Yeah. Kind of dope. Okay. Well, I was so glad you had a good time anyway. Thank you so much. Thanks for making your call. Thanks for carrying out this and your very best and say thank you. Not just being a free loader, so like some of these other perks, including the guy that never picked up his tickets from the front row. That's that's outrageous. Can you imagine how many people are really fired up and pissed off about that? Even people would have just scout the tickets. I mean, how stupid can you be? How dumb can you be? There's $320 worth of tickets. Okay. So it's just an exhibition. So even if you sold them for like 20 bucks a piece. Cover the cost of gas. Idiot. But far beyond for us to complain about free loaders and don't pick up their crap. 26 after 11 at 5. 60 WQM. He's probably running around naked on the beach. Now what the guy did just call this. Maybe that's what they don't. Couldn't go to the game. No, seriously. There's nothing you have no idea. What it's like. Anyway, why? You did a why. I can't even begin to imagine. Running around naked, stark naked on the beach with all my buddies. Can't you just see me fat rich in alcohol stain running up and down? Yeah, pop in and rimmer. Yeah, rimmer. Get him in there too. All running around. All the old Jews running around naked on the beach. Up there right by where else got the finger on the intercoastal. Yeah. Oh, god. I'm gagging. Just think it about it. Sure. That was the faggiest call I have ever had in my life. 26 after 11 at 5 60 WQAM. Oh, how do 65 grand years salary sound to you? Well, I like to go. I said yesterday on two great to me, but it's probably sounds good to a lot of you. I certainly can't. Some young men. You can't do this. Man, as wondered, is the dead truly walk among us? And if so, does he too have bodily functions? This Friday, one young boy is about to find out. I can smell the tharts of death. Yes, the six. You know, when hearing the elevator, then someone breaks one. But no one can pinch to it. That's them. The six. Make it stop. It's three can breaks. Read it. It means you. It's a lot of 31 at 5 60 WQAM. So anyway, this, the guy called back again, taking, I was going to put him on a year again. No, no, one quality. Okay, once a king, one, I want to clean. Always there. Whatever it is. But one today's enough. I'm going to put him back on here so I can dig the whole little bit deeper. Let's give a bigger shovel and see if he can find China. 5 60, 505 60 on the AT&T line, about 20 or 30 people departed during the break as usually is the case. When a new $30,000 Dodge Ram pick up truck by registering in any south Florida, your shell gas station or Dodge dealer or see it today. At the shell gas station, I'm killing and driving 109th Avenue or spitzer Dodge in homestead between one and three this afternoon. The register would get a chance to win a pair of infinity bookshelf speakers or a harman card on pack, which includes the receiver identity speakers. Plus, my me Dolphins and Florida Marlin tickets to the given away too. I think you wrote that one out to El Sam. We don't make too much sense to me, but I read it anyway. And he says, don't ever go to Kurosau. Sam the man just said, do not go there. It's a toilet. It's the end of the world. It's garbage. 5 60, 505. And by the way, we're learning a lot about fraternity. He's all you were young people out there to think of going off the car. I think I'm going off the college. Maybe very soon. Definitely doing a fraternity because so far the two thing. Remember the call we had a few months ago? The guy who said he learned how to build a float. Remember that guy? Try to justify fraternity. No, we learned how to build a float, which came in very handy in life. Very practical stuff. If you're going to be one of those professional parade designers, I guess. Remember how to build a float? And now we got a guy who tells us that you can run naked on the beach with all your buddies. What the hell more can you want? Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Anya, you know what I mean? Make him a penis or anything. Okay, great. Here's a mobile in Del Rey Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Garra. Yes, sir. What's up, Neil? How you doing home flights? Yeah. I am getting out of the state. I'm driving north on the turn bike right now. No, I'm not in Del Rey anymore. I'm West Palm. Here's a mobile in West Palm. Thank you. Hey, I'm a... I wanted to respond about that. I've turned into stuff. Yes, sir. That guy was the biggest fairy, the biggest flame I've ever heard. Right. You've been a... I was in a fraternity. I was in a fraternity. I was in a fraternity. I was in a fraternity. We didn't have to do anything like that. If anybody at that speedy gets naked or doing things, well, not a beach naked, what about that out of it? Well, what kind of hazing did you go through during this year? There must have been something. No, we didn't have the kind of thing I'd do with play tackle football in a football game. Really? Yeah, I was about it. I mean, we just had a party. How many points? We just had that phone. Right. You can smile on our face. Didn't they have to build a float? No. Hmm. Sounds to me like you missed out on all the good times. Yeah, I could have a good trip, pal. Thanks. See ya. 560, come on. Let's hear from all you people that have been fraternities. Come on. You can make as much of an ask to yourself as that guy did about 20 minutes ago. Give it a shot. Anybody out there got a guy in this audience got a male best friends that you've never seen naked. I guess Georgia and I must be the only ones. Never saw our best friends naked. Never ran naked on the beach with our best friends. I mean, God Almighty, what a feeling that must be. That must be really exhilarating. You know, with the wind and the rain, what was that pet? Boonsong, the wind and the rain and your back? That's something like that. Yeah. The finesse debris is just kind of blowing between your knees or something blowing between your knees. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, long time first time. All right. Great show. I was like the best example of rationalization I ever heard. Yeah. Yeah. You keep it, no? So that was unbelievable. No. Yes, sir. You know, it was great yesterday when you were talking to the Mattoes. I was like the best part of the program. The first five minutes. Uh huh. When you were with them. I was really impressed with what a great studio got in there for the sports nerd. That's the thing. That's our reason I actually sat down at that table. Maybe realize what a nickel and dime piece of crap we got in here. We got really shocked. No, we did. We got the shaft. I wasn't even aware that you had different places in that race. Oh, yeah. Well, they're the important guys. See, they're the sports nerds. Okay. So they got the big, big studio in there with a nice real nice counter in table. And all the real microphones all the way around. Like a professional talk studio. Yeah, like a professional one. Right. Like the real thing. We got a crap. Yeah. You know, it would be nice if for the worst thing, if you would show their two and And maybe they could have some ratings. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Whatever you said. I think he said don't go to Kurosawa. Is that what he said? I believe so. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. 4,000 reasons to join a fraternity. How to build a float. How to run naked with your buddies on the beach. How to gain bang some bitch. How to, you know, to free the spankings. How to, yeah, have all those spankings of the young obituary. Bring in all those young guys, the recruits. And of course, how to be as late and as possible. Here's coral springs, hello. Yeah, yes, sir. I wonder if I picked up those tickets. I don't know what you're talking about. I'm not picking up the tickets on the glass. For $212. Yeah. I got them. Well, which is the ones that we didn't get. I don't know. The young guys will be re-scribed. The reason I didn't call the sanks, you remember I'm the guy with the gun and all that kind of crap? The guy with the gun. Yeah, where the contact, my 15 year old son. Let's go to the call today. I told you to gain out or I contact. Oh, yeah, right. Right. It's going to be the morning. Right. You know, I'm going to take a son of a glass. You know, maybe there was another pair of some jackass didn't pick a one. No, no, no, they were like the kids loved it. Right. But the reason I didn't call to thank you was because they wanted to write their writing you a letter to thank you. How standing? So, but they had to throw it away. Great. In fact, the younger one was a little afraid because when they came up and it would hit or check on the glass, you know. You must have known that my oldest son said they must have known that that they could tell they were novice against the glass, you know. Because a couple of guys were banging a sticks in front of them like at the face. Yeah. But they loved that. At a great time. Like we went to LeBombas and the eight while they were in there and then we picked them up afterwards. They did a great time. Great. That's it here, pal. All right. Thanks. Thanks, Neil. Okay. Five six seven. Let's hear about all the gang bangs, where the women gang up on the guys. Is that happened? Oh, I'll let's hear it. I wonder if the women have to get naked to do things. The women have to do strange initiation things and sororities. How come we ever read about that? Twenty two before noon at five, sixty, WQA, men out. On the next, Felicity, after her boyfriend's drug deal goes bad, Felicity is arrested and convicted as a drug nuil and sentenced to three years. She worries that she will not be able to transfer her prison credit back to her high school upon her release. Watch Felicity in the big house tonight. Cool. Seven, ten, ten, ten, ten, five, sixty, WQA, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. So we got running naked on the beach, taking hot, creamy showers together, learning to build a float on getting naked a lot and gang bangs. There you go. How do you like that? And of course, getting drunk a lot. In fact, maybe get a little bit to drunk like we could. MIT that is in a box now. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? Okay, sure. I know, kind of a set of you about putting us for turn. You remember that. You know, I was in college for five years. The best years of my life. I remember a great time in my security. Now, we didn't run around no naked on the beach. Uh-huh. So we've got to drop each other without five of the parts. We didn't have game, hey, we had a good time. Yeah. Part of my roommate and I, he decided not to go on a security. I went in a security. He, most of the time, went out to local parties. Didn't have a good time. Me. I was, every other day, we had a party at the security. We had lots of girls. I was able to get it, go for it. And we, you know, everybody had to go. Maybe we're gonna run around. Yeah, we're gonna run around. You go to school. I went to university Miami. University of Miami and the only way you get a girlfriend was to be in a first 30. No, that's absolutely not. I've got to go now to South Beach, I could have got to go out to clubs. But the support of the man I'm trying to make is that if CURRY is not a bunch of gay guys who won't run it around, slap it each other with their private parts. Yeah, we had a shower where three guys took showers at the same time, but that's just part of the security house. Another part of the security house. What about the initiation? What about the initiation? I'll talk to you about that. I was in a 35 years. And Hazing was one day of initiation and Hazing out of five years. And what did you do? I think anybody was just a part of an organization. You got to go through a few things. Like what? That's not important. No, no, no. Wait, no. You're doing just great here. You're rolling along, singing a song and you're singing only one. You're not going to. Why are you going to talk to me? What a one. I'll tell you. I'll be very frank. On initiation night, every fraternity. Now, my fraternity was, you know, unlike that others have different initiation procedures. Yeah. I'm asking about Airbnb. I'm asking about your fraternity. What did you do? My fraternity. Let me, let me start. I'll tell you the exact, I have it memorized in my head from A to Z. Oh, you've done it for the evening. We have a nice state dinner that the house of Cook for us. We have to dinner. We all get together. The brothers that are pledging get together. And we have some drinks. It's a Friday night. So we're going to be school classes tomorrow. All right. Yeah. We get drunk. I'm not going to lie to you. We didn't get drunk. We dragged lots of alcohol. I would say that we did drink alcohol to the point that we would kill ourselves but we had, we got drunk. Yeah, but that's not the point. After that, after drinking that night, during the evening, we drove around with our big brothers. We had four or five guys in the car driving around with someone who was so brought big brother with silver. We went to different parts. and we have a different activity. We get naked and run around, but we have a different activity whether it was taking the sign or whether it was running through this building or whether it was doing this. Nothing nobody was getting naked. Then we get nice and have to run around three or four clock in the morning, and the house is dark. We can't do this. And we got to go to each and every room. We have to memorize some chairs and some furniture and some foam. It's an initiation that is a farm and exciting. And we have to do this. Nobody was wanted around on the beach naked. I'm not going to hang in there. Anybody say that hazing was fun or is it already working? First time at a moment. It was exhilarating. Running around naked on the beach and how excited you are. I don't know what that other thing was telling you. Nobody runs around naked on the beach. We have a good time. If you live in the South Florida, you go to the university. You can put a South Beach pickup girls. And you can go to the Florida. You can go to the Florida. You can do it any place. You don't have to be to the attorney. But the point about attorney, I want to tell anybody else. Is that it's a social club. You can go along to without any information. No, without any freeing touch. You can go to the attorney house. You have to pay. Do you have to pay? Any club you belong there. You have to pay. You have to pay. You have to pay. You have to pay. You have to pay. You are paying. You are paying. You are paying. How do they put together all their parties? How do they pay the house? You know, they take dinner and lunch. How do they pay for the mortgage on the attorney house? How do they get the, you know, the soldiers and the beers for the parties? They come out of the shoes. They don't just come out of the neighborhood. You know, the university is not going to pay for these kind of things. So if you're going to belong to a club, whether it's, you know, a fraternity or whether it's a boy scout or whether it's a, the, the, the club that you work out in, you've got to pay your dues because they have expenses. You know, paying for friends. Everybody's paying the same amount as you are. Nobody's paying more. Nobody's paying less. And these guys, you know, that, my friend, big group. I know I met them from the York, you're from Long Island. You know, even to this day, seven years, eight years after I graduate, I still have friends with two or three of these guys. Not because we ran. They don't, don't you think that there are people who go to college who don't belong to fraternities who's seven and eight and 20 and 30 years later, are still friends with the people, some of the people I went to college with? I wouldn't say, I would, I would beg to differ that they have as many friends out of school that I have for my fraternity. And the reason being is because for five years, I hung out with these same friends. They in day out. We party together. We hooked up behind how many, how many would you say? I don't forget. I'm a part of number. How many? I would say somebody going to a fraternity and graduating from a fraternity would probably have maybe between five to ten good friends that he can count up on the rest of his life. Yeah. Where as someone who just went to school by the time he met somebody who would be a good friend that was probably his sophomore junior year, it would only spend maybe two or two good years with that person. And I would say less than five, maybe two. So for me, to go hang out right now in Long Island with a couple of 30 brothers, now they have families and now they're families. They have kids and we all have kids that we hang out together. We're not running around. They get up to 30, he's not a bad thing. Yeah, I'm Ireland, right. You want to know something, not everybody belongs to a 30. My roommate for example, he wasn't a fraternity kind of guy. He didn't like, he didn't like to go around, then party with other people. Do you want to have any friends now? He's got one friend from college. I don't know if he would only go in a fraternity, then a five or ten. You know what, he may not have had five, but ten because he wasn't a social life. Oh, I see. He was like, kind of like a wallflower. He wouldn't have had any friends in regardless. You know, every person is different. That's why college at university, my amy has eight thousand on the graduate. And only has like maybe, you know, eight hundred, 30 members all together. Or thousands, 30 members. That's every month. It's a makes of the way you like to make the least school anywhere. We all know that. Make least school. I got a pretty good degree. So it's fine. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm not talking about your degree. I'm just saying to make believe school. You know, as far as far as the campus, as far as the, you know, the way you're the way you're going to college kids. No. You know, it's not like a Michigan or like a year or like a Michigan state, right. Right. Okay. What I'm trying, you know, the point out of making that. Thank god you don't go naked on the beach. I feel better now. I just want to emphasize that sometimes, that's why they have a rush. This is some that people go for two or three days. At the beginning of the semester to see if the fraternity life is for them. Right. The guys who are freshman or softwares to want to go out of 30, you know, give it a chance. Yeah, you can be a tree. Yeah, you can be a tree. Yeah, you can be a tree. Up to there. You can go out of there. I heard of all the fraternity members that did some of the things that you've been. And you know, that could be. But not every fraternity does like that. Not every fraternity runs around. Make any trouble with their pieces over their head. Right. My fraternity for five years. I was the right. I think they know the thing they do that. Yeah. Okay. Listen, never great day, pal. I said, how do I owe you friends if you have time? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Where was the offer got to ask them if you learned how to build a float? Here is Margie. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. This is Ted. Hi, Ted. All right. I just want to tell you about a strange initiation that involved our possible future president George W. Bush, Yale. Yes. He got into some branding up there. Where? I wrote about that. Maybe that's why he wound up in Texas. He just said it was a step in pain. So, uh, he's going to look forward to the thing. Yeah, fine. The brand of this thing. Yeah, I don't know exactly. I think the brand was on the hard quarters. Uh-huh. But, uh, how do you like that? We got a potential president who's got a, uh, who's got a thing on his record. Yeah. Well, it's a lovely thing. And I love you, now. Okay. Thanks a lot, Ted. And have a great life. Wow. And I have to, of course, I think he's already shown in the record. For example, after that, uh, last shooting in Fort Worth, you like to wake him on, start talking and glittering generalities. God forbid, we talk about guns. So he talks about evil about all this evil that's going. That was great. At least one thing about George W. He's consistent. He don't give you any specifics on anything. It's all these glittering generalities. Nice going, George. W. Oh, take a powder. Well, yeah. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I remember we used to make like a congrats line every night. We used to call it the little train. We all get naked. We grab the guy in front and we go around and, uh, either we was some contact in, uh, in between that. There was no problem, you know. Uh-huh. We used to connect and, uh, stay connected and bring beer and, uh, I'm worried a lot about it. Well, I guess now I know what it means by being well connected, huh? It's a little train, remember. Okay. Thanks for the good news. There you go. Bungo. That's right. All you kids out there. If you want to be well connected in life, be sure and join us for turn. You'll get hooked up, hooked together. And then you can go out running naked on the beach. Find, is that what the elephant's doing? They like tie their trunks to their tails. You've seen that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. This was starting to get a good education here today. Start out a little bit slow, but that one jack is, I mean, a one great color about a half an hour ago. The one who will never be seen in public again, by the way. If he smart, he was great. Sir, I can, I can, I can, I can graduate you for your coming out. It was tremendous. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, they be in marshmallow from strange places too. Uh, you know that's right. Yeah. I've loaded it into clan. It's a good fraternity. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. And, oh yeah, but, you know, something sometimes won't get on though. Especially when sounds like you got a 20 pounds of elephant droppings in your post. And maybe you do. Here's Hialia. Hello. You'll, God. Yes, sir. You know, same thing, my opinion is what the, the aging for the, uh, in the military, which is the Marines. I think they're the only group balls that would allow them so that you get punched in the chest with these, um, with those pins. Uh-huh. Everybody in their, in their platoon or their company there tonight. I think that's ridiculous. See that this, I guess this is the barometer of whether you're fit to join our club. Is how are you, will you take as much abuse and punishment as we want to dish out on you? Right. You know, you can somehow survive. Yeah. All the punishment that we can dig out in our sadistic way, then maybe we'll let you join a club. Right. That's why, you know, normally the other services have that, that problem. You know, in my preference, I joined the army. Yeah. Screw the Marines. You know, I thought, I was the army, at least those guys aren't out there on the ship, you know, it's a seal on time like the Marines am here. Sharing, sharing one head. Mm-hmm. Have a good day. I hear there's a lot of hit on those ships, but anyway, that's just a rumor. Oh, no, there you go again. Right. Those rumors are going about the military about the US military. We know all us veterans, all us VFW and all us guys. We know at just a lecture propaganda. No, that stuff goes on. Don't go on. There's not go on. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, on the AT&T wireless line. You see, the tragic part of all of this is as long as nobody's now, of course, in the case of the initiations and all that. People are being coerced and they are being forced, so that's a very bad example. As far as any of the other consenting activity is concerned, what their wins is it make? If people are having a good time, if this is their idea of living their second child, or first one or whatever, nobody cares. Just don't lie about it. Here's stuff for anybody else. And just don't always keep running around pulling the finger like a guy then, can't look church at everybody else for their factory when you're participating in the two. And maybe head up for any guy then, good time. Sounds like it. Especially assholes that run naked on the beach together. This is five, 60. You way out. I get it. I get it. I got it. I got it. Well, come on. To the drive through window, may I take your order, please? Yeah, I'll take a double cheeseburger, no onion. What you like so French, price with that burger. Yeah, and large co. Regular diet, regular diet, regular diet, regular diet, regular diet, please. Regular. How much is that going to be? You, you, I don't know. Can I have a drink of me? I didn't say that, but you came line me for a long day. I'll do that. That's 12, no. Will I say that? I don't think I did. No, I did. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, where I'll slide. Hang over, we're good too. Marlon's baseball, double-handed with the expo is weather for how do you like that? Oh, I can't have a Florida Panther game exhibition game. 7 o'clock tonight on Waxi unless the baseball's ring down. Have you got that so far? No. Here's a Cooper City, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Good afternoon, Neil. The Netherlands Antilles, I was down there in April and bone air. There's one reason to go down there. Yeah. Good diving. It's tremendous. School of diving? Superdiving. Yeah. Other than that, forget it. They do have an airplane that comes from a 747 comes from Amsterdam every Sunday. That's a big deal. Yeah. I wish they would stop taking a lot of those people back with them. Oh, I don't know. I'm telling you. A lot of those watched the guys, they're killing them over there. Well, compared to the Bahamas, it's night and day, but the people there are actually very nice. Yeah. But if you don't feel the dive. I don't think that guy that called before, I don't think he's going to be schoolbedire. Maybe I have some other kind of dive. Right. Okay, Neil. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Thank you. 5, 6, 7. Okay. Just say two of the Netherlands Antilles. Okay. All of those other glacier places. Just say no pal. Don't do it. We try to save you. Okay. You'll be sorry. Well, they do have a good drugs down there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. By the way, thank God. We don't have any problems with drugs and these rave parties. You see that right on the front page and the grove. Yeah. Thank God. We don't have any crazy animals. Something. I don't care anymore. If we got all these people about a killing cells and all these exotic drugs, go ahead, kill yourselves. I don't care. Real, real sick and tired of that crap. If somebody's forced to do it like in these initiation things, which you're trying to these people don't happen. Then it's a different story, like they're kidded MIT. Who are choked to that on his own pup by the way, well, they are. And they took them downstairs and put them down there to like, you know, rest. And then one backup stairs to continue their party. He says, call us when a party started. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Mommy B, Chilo. Oh, I'm going to know how you doing. Okay, sir. First of all, I rented a fund that you mentioned, uh, raging bull. I rented it. No. Did I hurt? Why did I do that? Hort, no. I didn't even get through really honest. I didn't get through the first 15 minutes of this horrible. Okay. I don't know. Very boring and very, I don't know. The dialogue would be a good way. We would no reason to have ever been made. Other than I guess it made some money for, um, you know, What I can't believe is that some people have talked about it. Wasn't it nominated for like, oh yeah. The pseudo intellectuals because it was black and white considered this one. Oh, maybe the greatest motion picture of all time. Okay. What shows you how much they know? Okay. I think I was in the Northland. I was in the Northland. You know, helping Dan Phil. Yeah. And, um, it basically was a Dan gay club. Um, the couple good things that I did. I did get a couple good friends who I will be friends with forever. Well, only a couple because the guy from New York said five or ten of you. Yeah. And, yeah, whatever. Like, because well, a couple of us joined together. We were friends in high school and we're still friends, you know. Yeah. We were buddies. We grew up together all. So he would have been your friend, whether you'd been the fraternal now. But now there's a couple that I'm very thankful for that that I met there. Yeah. That I met at the fraternal. I would have never met otherwise. But just very few. And, um, as far as like hazing went, the guys next door to us, uh, Pilev and the Phi. They used to do this thing a long time ago called the elephant walk. Where they would get on their basketball court and get the circle. And they would stick their thing in between your legs from behind like how an elephant sticks a trunk. Mm-hmm. And they would like to talk to the body. And walk around the circle. Mm-hmm. So I just thought that was, uh, Yeah. How does everything else I'm coming over here? Everything else is great. All right. It's good to hear your voice. Thanks for the good news. You take care. Stay out of the Congoline. I will. Okay. There you go. See all of their stuff that involves nudity and involves the male penis and involves mushrooms in your, I mean, uh, marshmallows and mushrooms in your, Right. Whatever it is. And you can deny it all you want. And you know, we'll hear from the two or three guys out there who were in the, only fraternities in the world who's hate. And how come when I asked the guy about the hazing incident before the one from New York, how come you hemmed in a hobby before you finally, uh, cleaned up the story for us. And it went past that part real fast about where they run and run naked. Yeah, right. Oh, no. They weren't naked. They weren't naked. I mean, they drank a little bit of which hey, who cares? I mean, that's what you got to call it for. They'll make a little bit. But you have to use your own judgment. Not to make as much as somebody else tells us who can measure up to their standards. Uh, and that's what it's all about. Are you good enough for us? Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18, two, wireless line. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Neil, God, what's going on? Yes, sir. I'm calling you as a graduate of college institution and a fraternity member. Oh, hi. Yeah. I spent some time four years up in Buffalo, New York State University College of Buffalo, right? I don't want to have a new. And I don't know about the inside secret, the Vata fraternity, but when I pledged my fraternity, there was no alcohol introduced into the pledge process. And if we were caught, you know, outside drinking or even having a good time, you know, we were punished. It was kind of like a bootcamp pledge process. Really? And I was hazed, you know, I was paddled. That accrampled? Yeah, absolutely. That occurred about the last week of the pledge process. The final pledge process lasted about six to eight weeks, depending on how good the class is as far as absorbing the fraternity history that you tested on every week. Yeah. And if it's a good class, it goes through pretty quick. But if it's a bad class, it could last for a whole semester of time. We'd held pledge classes over for that long, just because they were lazy guys. But the last week is called How Week. And that's an all the, all the crap hit the end. That's what I held breaks loose yet. And my pledge process involved the last week, all my pledge process had just been the entire week together sweeping in our suite. I don't know if you've ever been to a state college, but there's there's three rooms to a suite and a suite for, you know, the center and containment for everybody to meet. Sounds real sweet to me. Yeah, well, we had a sleep on the hard floors. It was called, you know, Buffalo gets cold in the winter. And after we became members, though, it was pretty much a professional organization. We learned parliamentary procedure. We had weekly meetings, fundators. So hard. Yeah. What if let's go back to the paddling, though? Let's not speak. I thought that's not that. That's not that. But the bizarre to me. Well, it all, tradition, that word that you always use tradition. Actually, what, well, you know what the faint thing was. The chapter of my fraternity, I pledge was entirely black and Hispanic. I was the only white member at the time. But nationally, it's a white organization. And I think these guys were just very militant because they just normally black fraternities. Actually, they're, they're their perspective members very hard. If you were kind of endurance, they have a little hard. Yeah. So, but I noticed with the predominantly white organizations that that they do to rank a lot, they do party a lot, they do act irresponsibly. And it was just kind of things getting to you. And they do run naked on the beach a lot, I guess from when. Well, I didn't stand roughly where we were going to go. I didn't even want to go to the beach anymore. I think our lake area is not a good place to run around. Because, first of the middle of January, you know. Right. If you're not ice-gating anyway. Right. But yeah, it's a bad thing when fraternity do things like that. But I'm not saying the part about the paddling part. I keep, did you tell me or I, no. I, well, we weren't paddle vac. We had clothes on you. All the alumni members came out that last week. And everybody got a squat. And you just took it. And you know, you have this pre-perceived notion when you go in the pot. You just want to run on the, Right. Go on. One, two, one. We got to that 40 that night. Each one, we got a squat. 40 squats on the. Right. Go. And all that clothes on? Yeah. We are clothes on. Actually, we see each of that at a certain part. You know, get us all muddy and do some exercise before that. And, but there was, there was no nudity. We were never forced to drink anything. We were in a lab to drink. We, you know, we took smoke cigarettes and all the plugs. We had to stay in for six weeks. It was like, you know, you were, you were pledging. You know, yourself to this organization. And, you know, a little spanking. There's nothing wrong with that. You just wanted to make sure once you were kind of a man you were. Right. I don't know the logic behind it. But there was no, you know, went around naked or we never made ourselves look stupid. Any organization that does that. I think that's disgusting. You know, I mean, running a line of the mug getting a few rector, and lots of honor. Right. And that's not too bad. No. You know, there were parties. Yeah. There were never any allergies. You know, everybody pretty much had a girlfriend. And lived a regular kind of, you know, a little bit more toxic concern. It's a little bit more toxic. But I'm going to be a little bit more toxic. But I'm going to be too excited anyway. But I had a good top there. I just wanted to speak, you know, there were good things and bad things that happened for attorneys. And usually the bad things that way, the good things because that's what people want to hear. Right. They want to try and abolish it. Okay. I'm 30 years old now. I'm not involved in my attorney anymore. But I stopped friends and buffaloed that. I see on a yearly basis because of the fraternity. So I'm grateful. And I just want to say that. Okay. I'll see you in two more. Okay. I'll go on the pew. Okay. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. How stupid you make. Yeah. Yeah. That's in do not care. I want to be down there. Ooh. It makes you want to cry. Yeah. You'll know from who it came. It's itching dry. You would say, ooh, it makes you want to cry. Ooh, should have you become dumb. Because now you've got this problem. Can I read all? Let's see it I get ya. You'll say, you're out of your smile. You want to be your homo-rear. Do many one-on-one. The hen. Try for the guidance. What did you call? I forget. Yeah. There's a great movie about this. Yeah. There's a great movie about fraternity hazing. We're trying to think of the name. But 1216, it's the Raising Bullcraft. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Somebody will call. Here's the cruel spring, Silla. Hey, doing it. Pretty good, sir. I have a story to tell you about. Friend who was a, I have a friend in Maryland too. He was killed last year because of hazing. What happened was he was pledging to Sammy Fertany. And one of the things they had to do was they had to get a win of bagel and drive down to Tulane to pick up a glass that had Tulane and the Sammy and Fanny and Fanny on it. And then drive back directly after that. So whatever they went down there, they got it. They drank a little bit whenever and then they started driving back. And somewhere in Mississippi, the driver fell asleep at the wheel. And went off road. And my friend was sleeping in the top bunk at the time of the win of bagel. And he went through the winch-yield and got crushed in between the, the win of bagel and the tree. Nice. Yeah, so basically I'm a college student right now. And I will definitely not be going after any fraternities. Great. But you'll probably never learn to build a float, but you know, you'll get by. Okay, thanks for the bad news, pal. Okay. There you go. There's another horse. There are a lot of horse. There is a lot of horse. There is a lot of horse. There is a lot of horse. There is a lot of horse. There is a lot of horse. What's the point? What's the purpose of it? I mean, if you have to, like I said before, if you have to pay to be part of some organization to make friends, what does that say about you? I don't get it. 560. 560. And also, if you have to go through a whole bunch of rituals to prove that you're good enough for those people, is that like really a friend? Oh, here. Let me show you. I'm good enough to be your friend. Please, please, please, please, can I be your friend? Huh? Yeah. To you. How about I, well, maybe if you were to make it on the beach with me, I see the guy with a paddling on the ass. I mean, that's pretty mild. You know, but what do you expect him to buy for a state university? Pretty mild. Rollin' around in the mud, getting 40, 50, 80 wax on the back. Right, don't. It's not bad. Sounds reasonable to me. Sounds like kind of a guy thing. Here's a hell of a hell of a hell of a deal. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I got you. I don't want to screw the mornings, all right? What is it? I'm going to be around about 15 minutes ago. He said screw the mornings, all right? Screw the Marines? Yeah. Is that what he said? Yeah. Why don't I tell you something? Yeah. I'm the person for more more, too. WW, too? Yeah. Yes, sir. First Marines at Guadalcanama, all right? Yeah. And what's this for us, maybe? Yeah. And present to him when we still be here. Tell that asshole what I just told you, all right? Okay. Thank you very much. I'll tell him. Okay. 10 per five. Now what was he in? Oh, I'm Marine. 670560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Have you heard of a Naval attack? Here's my email. Yes, sir. Are you doing the knock? I wasn't talking about the whole caution, but that's what you're talking about. All I got to say is those kids, what they're kind of doing is out to the generations before them. It's just like, oh, I can do more than my mom did, or, you know, I can do that. This is not something brand new though. I mean, this is no long long time. It's been around for a while, but anyway, I'd like to share a joke with you if I could. Oh, joke. No. 560560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hi. How are you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I got the name of that movie you want. Okay. It's called Lords of Discipline. Right. Lord of Discipline. I'll stay in the movie. Now it's not exactly paternity. Actually, I'm getting this information from a book. I hope that's okay. I think that's the movie. It's a video reference guide. And what it is, is it's a military academy, the starting of Skydiving Keith, and they're hazing this black student because the whites want supremacy on the military campus. Kind of thing. Yeah, definitely. What? I've not said that you wanted to do this. Well, that's not the one you're right. Okay. Well, it's a different movie. Yeah. Okay. What do you want? My name is Mike. I thought I had the right movie. No, that's a good one though. Thanks, Mike. Thank you. Okay. Well, I got my movie book. Let's see. For turnity row. Like I said, I got my movie book. And I opened it. It was under F.R. already. It must be an oldman. Starting Gregory Harrison. Uh, Frantic, frauds, fraternity row. Four stars, by the way. How do you like that in this book? Oh. You, USC fraternity man acted in service. Cool in his tragic, who-to-life story of a hazing Gong run in the wrong in the 50s. The late Newman. What Newman is that? Scott Newman. The late Newman was Paul Sun. Solid acting in a well-delivered, superior piece. Paul Peter, a fox Gregory Harrison, Scott Newman, Nancy Morgan, Robert M. Hart, Wendy Phillips, and Dr. Thomas Tobin. That fraternity row. Where am I going to get a copy of that? Think they got it? Four stars. And I'm not saying that happens at all if fraternity is but too much crap, too much of this grotesque garbage. Too much running naked together on the beach. Too many people being made to be a naked. And they do all kinds of strange things with their magic twangers. 560-50560, pound-560, on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's homestead, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. A couple of colors ago was absolutely correct sir. I'm trying to outdo the generation before him. Yeah. Dean, would me or was I'm so much as naked friends and fraternity that was pressured by parents? I went through the hell week and all this crap all the crap that they want to me to do. And what kind of crap? Oh man, running around in dresses around campus, probably humiliations, it was actually horrible. But that wasn't the worst part about it. Yeah. That was the good stuff. That was the best. But at the end, there was a new requirement that they did not before that your penis side had to be at least eight inches. But they didn't want to count my fourth gain so I fell off and short. That's absolutely horrible, Neil. Yeah. Okay. 560-50560, pound-560, on the AT&T Wireless line. What do you say was seven and a half inches short? Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, the sad thing is I can believe that story. I never understood this fraternity thing. Why would you willingly humiliate yourself in front of your peers? Because you have low self esteem. Maybe that's it. Or you're just so aching to make friends that you can have a grandchild. Again, low self esteem. I want to bring up some notes, I don't know if you want to talk about it. You mentioned the ray of thing that you saw on the front of the paper. Right. Do you see the next thing next to it about how we're going to give another seven million to Columbia to stop the drugs? Sure. What are they going to learn? They're not going to learn. It's big business man. It's for it's software management. It's just a lot. That money don't insrate to the politicians for the rebels and to the people that are growing the drugs. Absolutely correct. You've only been marijuana and Columbia. Now they're growing the growing opium and they're growing the coke leaves too. Right. It's unbelievable. That's our money. More partners. Great. That's down the tubes we go. Okay. Thanks, Neil. I think about partners think of highmen raw. Not a good idea. 560, 560, pound 560. Or he is he would say, Patness. 5, pound 560 on the AT&T. Where I was lying, Hank will brochure with two o'clock. Marlon, double head of a 330 guy for a bit. Come on. Some more rain. Let's go. And let me say it again. Join the guilty this morning. Especially little dog. What a suck up job. But a PR guy that meeting guy from the Marlon. That was tragic. That was really. We really needed beef. Back here. This was the day he just left. Here's a pop at OB. Hello. I just wanted to respond to that guy from New york. Answering him. And he said that he had to be. Infrautern, in order to make a significant friendship. 40 or 50 or 60 very best friends. Right. Well, I saw what the heirs on the state. I went to not know in a soul I did not join the fraternity. And I made about twelve to 15 great friends. Six of which I considered to be like a best friend. Right. So I think that was so nonsense plus when I got there. I was asked to Yeah, I was trying to be recruited into a fraternity, but luckily my older brothers that's told me such horror stories about You know public humiliation the elephant walk I heard it before, but also a Circle jerk right where the the last person to finish had to eat whatever they were jerks Oh Jesus yeah, so I mean that was stuff. I mean for some people that's so we were like I thought the marshmallows were gross. Oh my god. I mean, I mean, there's nothing and all these guys that tried to recruit me No, I don't want to get too graphic about what you just described again But I would like to know what kind of heterosexual activity that is first of all I mean, I understand adolescent but generally a little before a college age I would think but adolescent guys You know screw around all the time, but but a circle jerk among college guys who are Legally heterosexual what is that? I mean, I personally I don't want to be next to a guy that's you know Right that's choking it and Secondly, I don't even I don't even want to see another guy ejaculate for that matter, right? But alone a whole circle and let alone be a part of it and have a chance to Really get to know everybody's uh, you know Oh, it's unless maybe you got like a body condom on something like that That's unless yeah, I mean we're like an iron condom Okay, thanks for the good news No problem. There's you got to Scott some friends and you didn't join a fraternity All right, and you don't run around naked with his friends on the beach I forgot to ask him that But I bet we can already answer he don't do it. How do you like that huh? Wow Woo Even an old flag like me is grossed out by that story sometimes they jerk off around a cracker Clem Billy Bob assaulting I hope my mom don't feed that to my dog Maybe that's why he got sick 560 50560 they just soda crackers and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You know my mom that had her dog put this life 26 past 0.560 WQA and beat that gator meat Do you have reason to believe you may be using drugs? Yeah, I have been acting erratically lately just last week I went bowling with Jesus and Jim Morrison those may be some of the telltale signs that you may be using How do I know for sure some of the other telltale signs may include you have drugs in your house? Yep, that's me. You know where to get drugs me again You know all the drugling Oh yeah, you talk about woodstock There's a true story Jimmy's gonna play the national anthem again Can you please 32 cheeseburgers in one city? Where I'm where I'm who I'm If you've answered yes to any or all of those questions You may have a drug problem if that's the cheese You need to try and steal the home drug test of fastest at most reliable way to find out if you've been using drugs HDT the home drug test available with most major pharmacies from pods the user Far out man From pretty one at five sixty w to two and we got six seven hundred open lines now all of a sudden everybody just They departed five six seven five sixty They probably reached over and finally twisted that knob even that are just puked there guts out after the story Did you guys just told us and you know something I'd mention that if pardon the expression only the tip of the iceberg Going back to that stuff that I read from Linda Robinson's the Laura Robinson I ever held a pitch's name is from that book again, which is a great book called crossing the line What kind of activities are these for a heterosexual virulomals in sporting events and for turnies what kind of Faggari is this And I got news for a building of floats sounds to me like right along the same lines to be honest with you Isn't that called like being an exterior decorator? 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile in Pemberg pie in pillow See how you're doing so What is the situation with good or so I didn't follow it then I or something after work somebody called before and very early in the program And he said that he was thinking of going there and if I ever been there and I said no and he wanted to find out if it was a good place to visit So why why are you telling the audience You see I'm from that area So I'm calling the audience because Sam our promotion man came in here and said that he and his mother Or I went there some not too long ago and they got off the plane and they took the ride into the city and they looked at the hotel They looked around and they got back in the Cab and they went back to the airport and paid to get out of there the same day He said that it was a toilet Well, I don't agree with you sir because the hotels in Coder so are are most of the marius change the semester the maria Yeah The holiday I'm the holiday when he told me I mean why would I make it about what he make it up? No, but you shouldn't spread negative Information if he would have told me that it was a wonderful place I would have come on here and said so I'm just telling you what he said Yeah, but if you don't check the information So why don't you tell us something good about for a South tell us what am I gonna do? I'm in the middle of a radio show I'm gonna start doing research in the middle of a radio show. How am I gonna do that? Well, let me tell you something if you like Holland like you do yes you like for the South because it's the same only You know, it's it's a little Dutch territory It's one and it's a Dutch territory It's it's part of the Netherlands that you love so much But it has nothing to do with the Netherlands other than it's a territory But it's the laws there aren't the same the quality of life there isn't the same What do you mean the laws are not this is what I said the laws are the same in the Netherlands until he scores It's part of the Netherlands the Queen is out of state the local government, but it's you know I must be reading propaganda there because that's not what I've ever read But you should certify it for us if you just want it in fact I'm gonna when I go home I'm gonna find a book that I read about the Netherlands until he's and if I'm right I'm gonna read bring them the Tural Indemar and I'll read it on the air which please because I have read that it's a very repressive place Very much unlike the Netherlands That's what I've read you're laughing Are they let me ask you this are there any white people there? Of course how many six? Maybe come on He Come on come on 11 so and what does it matter? What is it what has matters if the majority is dark or black? There's some people I mean those maybe some people it doesn't For example I'm not gonna go to the Congo if I want to go on vacation I'd like to go with there's at least a couple of white people just so I don't feel left out Does it make a difference to you when you want to go somewhere? No you don't care if they're you the only white person there Why should I why should I better it does matter birds and our feather do it together Man it's just the way it works isn't if you loved another so much and I know you go to Amsterdam I mean we I Can't you wait you stay right you know it it's it's a place where you have every race in the world right If the next that's right so how can you how can you try to discriminate? Mr. I'm not discriminating I would just like a balance. Okay. I don't want to be one white person in the middle of uh You know a million stars is I just feel uncomfortable like that just like if I was the only black person like in Copenhagen I'd feel I'm you know we're in the in Stockholm So black people I didn't feel really than you I didn't say that I said that people are better flock together Well, you see that's the race the situation What kind of thing? Okay, wow, there's a fact of life It's a fact of life the right you're so I'm only here for business. I'm on my way back to near Amsterdam in two weeks So you know good luck, okay? Okay good luck here. Okay. You'll need it Unbelievable just incredible because I don't want to go to a place where there's no other white people In addition, which I'm not going there anyway And it's guys getting all better on a shape because I don't want to go to the goddamn the villains and tillies do I want to go there? No A thousand a million times no I do not want to go to the Netherlands and tillies and that makes me a bad guy And obviously this this racist though. I'm so tired of that crap I'll guarantee you that if I was as black as the ace of spades and somebody told them me, okay Let's go to Copenhagen and I looked around and I found out I was the only guy that I'm black person there I'd feel a little bit out of place. I'd feel uncomfortable. I feel like you know you know But I'm a racist and I'm a mean nasty rotten son of a bitch and don't ever forget it, okay? And the dunk of hell 567 dunk it well not what they say at the opportunity he's in parties dunk it well Here's a mobile and for a lot of deal hello Good morning. I have to living in Kurosau for a couple years. I want to get back to you. Who's the Theodic conversation I ran a business there for two years. Yes, sir They're going to crib in for five years all together And this last year when they called is actually right Kurosau is not the ideal tropical destination. It's warm and it does for your island So if you're looking for the properties that's not the place to feel business. They follow people are very nice It's not a black right thing at all As it is as it was mostly Caribbean. I'm sorry to say I've been going back to the states a couple years ago Theodic Island Dallas The racial situation United States had gotten much worse than it was for a left country And that just doesn't exist in Kurosau or in the Kianan Islands where there are a couple years as well Stayed place to go if it's you couldn't recover the destiny Not great place. I think for a European destination. It is much more European than safe on air or to roubar rubbers Mostly Americanized like former United Miami Beach What are you saying is the better place? Because of what you're looking for looking for a tropical or for beaches or beaches and nice boats and And fancy hotels you can see those are the rubbers the place to go okay Looking for a combination of some of that along with a more your pee and dust sort of flare and a seal You as Kurosau definitely the place to go okay In the safe okay, thanks Yep, yeah, okay there you go So you can believe him you can believe the other guy can believe Sam course do we ever believe Sam and but anything? No, no, or whatever you want to believe 567560 Town 560 on the AT and T were it's like when I was in Bahamas that time and we drove through downtown Nassau Did I see one white person in downtown Nassau? No one did I see one? No Not one That doesn't make them bad although of course it just so happens that You know I mean that's kind of nothing with a mean black or dark or light or mocha or it just happens to be that there are a bunch of you know Fleecers that's a nice word Fleecers in the Bahamas they are They suck the life law you man they just drain you dry they take every dime you got and then they want some more That was my experience in fact I think it was their twice. I'm sure I was their twice and each experience was worse than the previous one Will I ever go back? No, no I mean there were a lot of white people in the casinos and so it's got nothing to do with race there, but it was disaster very unpleasant extraordinarily unpleasant 241 at 560 WQA and Florida's pot you got good it's great in Canada the Josh in 2013 when I met he tried What's the real public in today? In an attempt to say his campaign. Your strategy is to rise at stake as he was never playing with the same. Don't you know, when he did not as he tried? Okay. Well, 45 at 5.50, the W2MH was just in here. This must be another psychic experience because he was mentioning to me about a great article in the business section of the yesterday's series, which somehow I tossed out and never got to see it. And I opened up the mail. He's one piece of mail and some nice lady. And thank you, Anne. That's for you, sweetheart. She clipped it out and said it to me. She must have known that I had tossed it in the article too. Great article by Greg Fields, Teddy Roosevelt, me, John Henry. In yesterday's business section, which I will read for the show is, uh, It's about time that somebody else had a ball to just say, Oh, to a John Henry. Or is it just saying, oh, one of the other. Nice going, Greg. Here's North Miami. Hello. What's going on, Neil? Yes, sir. Uh, one of your colleagues before mentioned it. I got a great book for you. Okay. It's the words of discipline. He was talking about the film, but the book is fantastic. Yeah. And it's all about, uh, pausing at the Citadel. And, uh, I was written by, uh, Pat Conroy, I think. Okay. And it was the best book that I ever had to read in high school. It was, it was assigned to me. It was, it was, it was a fantastic book. And it's all about the hazing rituals that go on at the Citadel. Great. And it is really just, absolutely repulsive. I'm going to get that today. You'll, you'll, you'll, you'll, you'll, you'll, you'll be talking about it forever. I wonder if they were running naked on the beach together. It's worse than that. Okay. Wait, wait, do you read it? Okay. Okay. Yes, sir. Uh, that's your, or is that square, I'm not gay for all the fat boys out there. You got it. Thanks a lot. All right. Five six, seven, five, sixty. I mean, you know, there's nothing wrong with the gay fraternity, but, uh, uh, just fact that it's got 50 million members in it. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T, where the slide. That guy from, uh, and he's talked to me before that guy from Amsterdam or Werber Hillies from disturbing. Very disturbing. Give me this racial bull crack. I mean, you know, you can either, you can either put on a big act for all of our service, or you can tell the public, you know, who the people are in Amsterdam that make it a little bit on the unpleasant side. It's a very pleasant place. I love it to death. It's a wonderful place. The freedoms are unbelievable. The people are tremendously happy. Have it a great time. It's in the weather sucks, but other than that, nothing's perfect. But you know who the people are who, uh, make it a little bit unpleasant there. They're from the same kind of places that you're telling me are so wonderful, which I'm not buying. And I think that's why I got some kind of a negative attitude about those Netherlands and Tilly's. You think that might have something to do with it? I think it might. Well, I mean, do I have some kind of a, oh, and a gender, some kind of a, a tear your motive to make that thing up? I don't think so. Just the fact of life. Here's Miami Springs. Hello. Tell me what's happening to you. Yes, sir. Two things. Number one. I spent three months, uh, four months actually in Dutch, they're Martin and three weeks in Amsterdam. And the tour of out of the like is, uh, so good. And how a happy. Right. They're in the same hall part, but they're no one here. They're a right. Uh, but actually, they're Martin to pieces that to go because they're the whole half of the country that, that French stay Martin, which even though they're, they're French. Oh, French. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. See, there's my bigotry showing through again. And anyway, I went to a private school up in, uh, a state of New York that had about 2000 total on the grads and 18 fraternities for the 2000 undergrad. That's 60% student's joint fraternities. Uh-huh. I did not. And I'd find throughout multiple different fraternities and the stories that I heard were just some of the regions that were raging. I know, I just, I know, I sort of the point that I just didn't understand. The identity and what, what the, what the effort was for two teams. If you're going to go through something like that, to try and obtain something. Now, this is anything in all professions. You know, the new kind of broccoli kids have a hard time. That's because you're trying to eventually reach the top of the ladder or something. What is the final goal? You're going to be, you're going to need these people. You're going to be friends with them. You're going to have some life-long contacts I imagine out of it. But you're going to do that anyway. You're going to deep in college experience. You're going to have all that. I just don't understand why you have to subject yourself to a whole bunch of homo erotic experiences to, you know, be part of some club. I mean, well, what does that mean? I don't know. I just, it's just in the end that it's going through that you must have a goal of night. You must have something that you're trying to reach at the end of all the other half of. Yeah. I just don't can't, no, it's the only time you've got it. You're single on it, so it's okay. Okay. Well, maybe somebody will. You want to, uh, I know, to give them the name of a champion, right? Yeah, it's here. What are you serious? No, I don't go there to fishing games. All right. How are you, sir? I say, uh, a good one. Hope you have a good season. Okay, see you. Yeah. We're hoping for a good season. But the way they're talking about pop-al-Buriachon's real real, this situation to me, if I can say that, it can real nervous. Five, six, seven, five, fifteen, I have a feeling that maybe the Murray Brothers put up a whole advertising campaign. You know, unlike the CDC, all around all of your Fox, affiliate around the league, and put some spots on there, saying, hey, this by an atmosphere sponsored by the Florida Panthers, we're paying Pauvelle Berry $10,000 a year and he had that very delicate knee surgery, you know, and we really think that, uh, he's like, uh, could be on his last leg. So please don't hit him when we play, okay? Don't hit him, just, uh, look at him. Just watch him fly down the ice and score a couple of goals, but please don't go anywhere near him. Very, very bad strategy is usual, boys, and I don't want to, you know, start telling me how do you do your stuff, but bad strategy. Here's a mobile and cross-prings, hello. Uh, good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening. Uh, first of all, to yourself and where they are, are not part of the Netherlands, they use anymore. They decide to go independent. Yeah. You only want to stay with the, with the queen was, is a roeva. And on the second place, you'll write and where will get you the information is very right. People in Kurosawa are the most rude in the whole Caribbean. Yeah. And hotels, restaurants, even as a casino, they're very, very rude. Now I think compared to the people in the roeva world, you know, like real nice people in the end of the day, they depend on the tourism more than the else. Right. Well, I mean, I hear a lot of people say they go to a roeva and have a good time and they gamble a little bit in the beaches and whatever. I've never heard anybody said, oh, yeah, I went to Kurosawa and had a really great time there. No, just to be used to be, you know, I'm very, you know, an expensive shopping place, but, you know, even in the shopping area, they treat you like dirt, you know, like they do your favor. Sounds like the background. They don't belong to the Netherlands, there is anymore. So that's, you know, they went into the pain that I think like four or five years ago and the queen only has one night and now that's a rule. That's good. Good for her. Thanks a lot. That's it. Okay. Good for the queen. 560560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Northwaterdale. Hello. Can you lay it down today? Okay, sir. Okay. Well, you would say what a call is today earlier about a fraternity being a place we buy a friend. I can call hot and lead a degree. I, I experienced something to that effect when I was at FAU. With a string fraternity, I'm not going to mention the name of the string. Except, to say that they mostly two are fraternity. I'm two is my daughter. Oh, that was, you got that, you got that deal. I'm two is my daughter. And I think I was probably one of the few two students in campus who did not join the fraternity. And they kept trying like crazy to try to get me to join. And I kept saying, no, I'm not interested. I, I don't want to, I'm not interested in the fraternity. I'd rather convict in doing schoolwork than going out in the crazy stuff like you guys do. I also worked at school newspaper with a couple of members of that fraternity. And they used to try to recruit me there. And what really got me was that, when I started dating the girl who's now my wife, I, I took in the Ultimate Syndamian book by dating a non-2-a-girl. And again, couple of, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And a couple of these lovely fraternity people would come up to me and say, you know, the only thing I'd say, a non-2-a-girl was good for is practice. Now is that a nice thing to say or what? Lovely. Yeah. And they wondered why I would join them in a group and then and then a couple of members of the community they took hold of the newspaper. And somehow I got squeezed out of the newspaper and more that the paper became a playground for the the members of that fraternity. And after I left the school, the paper somehow went out of business. I was not surprised. If you know what always comes to mind when I think of fraternities and all these rituals and all overgrown children, that's what always comes into my mind, overgrown little kids. That's what it is. I mean, I heard about some of the rituals that this particular fraternity was doing. And I'm saying to myself, hey, this is the kind of stuff you'd expect and can't get. Right. There you go. Okay. I'm more or less out of material. I just want to put in my two cents for it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Here. Let's go over here. Okay. Okay. Alright. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. All right. It's the only word I can say. It's dark. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. First time, caller, this one that's a little story of my days in college. I attended UF 50 at the beginning of the 90s. And the brothers aren't, brothers aren't the only ones you get it from the brothers, sometimes the other way around. And we had our pledges drop off a couple of dozen brownies, had a sorority drop them off. They were ex-flaxed. We had a party that night, we lost the pledges, yeah, you got it. Had had the pledges guard the bathroom, the people would not go in there and puke all over it so we had a good place to go. Beauty. So if you get them back, we went to Dunkin' Donuts, got one of every single donut they had, plus some donut holes. And covered our private areas with them. So pictures, a Monday at dinner time passed them around and had the pledges sit together. And the pledges got to see the pictures of where you've done a set on each brother. And it can be useless to say there's a lot of very white faces in there. But that's about the worst that ever got. That's a game of luck. It's a moron. Yeah. Okay, thanks for the good news. Anybody know what he just said? No. Was it the bacon cheese mushroom thing by chance that they were advertising that you wanted? No, whatever. I mean, no. Exactly. Something, just something, anything. You know? Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Of course that's what happened. You're the wrong thing. I figured you're part of it. So Joey, didn't want to get you the wrong thing. No, it was Joe. Okay. I know, was you. I'm sure he's trying to do the right thing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, you're so defensive and so like neurotic about this. I'm not. Yes, you are. You're like part of some kind of a food fraternity. 600 Oprah Lines on at board. 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Count five, 60 on the AT&T line. You're doing it. My heavy point of the day. Oh boy, it's the one to two hour. 10. We day. Life is the same. Life was the same. Life was the same. Life was the same. life was the same. But it was the same. But it was the same. But it was the same. But it was the same. But it was the same. God helped us. We look like kids, we're just dying We sing like a bunch of silly whining I wish they'd always be Our agent says we got to stay We say we're not gay I will be the spend of well-heared old girls As the secret as kids as indeed Yes, the ethic is full that they all figured out We're hiding our latent sea One thing is for sure we gave Many choices to be the world Why are we all close? We're the delicate guy We want to do the obsession with your high-girl But today we think that we can better stay We need to win our gay No I will win our gay What did I want to do to win our gay? We're not gay They're everywhere man We'll do like it or not they're everywhere Two hundred and fifty one and five sixty WCWM five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen T.Wireless Line Here's a mobile in Miramar Hello New God Yes sir Can you hear me? I hear you My brother was president of a fraternity And then when I went to school Florida State They rushed me pretty hard But I wasn't in it But I was friends there And I think the whole point of the thing was when you were a pledge and you're rushed And you go through adversity Even though it's created It's fake it to the Supposed to bring it together T.W.M is a group And so hopefully that's all great System I don't know Yeah that's the way Greek works That's what I hear Okay thanks Greek brings you the other T.W.M is what Backdome Greek always said The 60 pound five sixty At least you were tender in the beginning I guess and pound five sixty on the 18 T.Wireless Line See it's you know it's interesting And one guy said that he finally did call As a kind of a break through there Around eleven fifteen The one running naked on the beach with his boy Friend or whatever it is But you know we're not here in much of the Just a little scrape on a surface here Because most of the euphorobious reasons Are far too humiliated and embarrassed To remember those days Whether it was six weeks ago or six years ago Or thirty years ago And tell us about it Because you know why Why should you admit that you were humiliated And you didn't agree to it and forced to do all these things Because we know that it happened There's no doubt about it And especially in the wake of my reading That stuff on the air which of course Just sends all of this stuff screaming out of the closet Naturally you're not going to tell us about it We understand 560560 pound five sixty on the 18 T.W.M Here's a mobile in Pompano Hello Hey Neil Yes sir You got a call or just a little while ago That have some comments about the Dutch and Tilly's in the Ruba when it kind of set back some Couple of misinformation is their straight I'm from the islands myself Yes And the person is the mentioned form All of the islands are still under the Dutch Queen Those are all still Dutch islands Everybody is still Dutch citizens But they're separate as far as the government goes And as far as the people in Kyrusau being a rude I don't know where exactly they were staying But you know all of the people there are fairly nice A rude was known for having nicer people But as far as what the government set up There's barely I don't know where they got their information That's just not accurate A rude was a separate entity The Dutch and Tilly's is a separate entity And all of them fall under the Dutch Queen So that was just a comment I wanted to make Kind of set it straight And I don't know where they came from that But My head wasn't thrown All you got to do is open up the phone And you get 80 million different pieces of misinformation You're no question about that I guess that's true That was pretty much it man Okay thanks Thanks a lot Thanks a lot Okay there you go Believe whatever you want 560 pound 560 on the AT&T or other slimes I believe whatever one because of my golden air No Inspired what my good friend from the Amsterdam was told me before that was going to be a lecture in the song And then I've all had a racist bastard I know what I've never done this in the song I've never done this in the song Here's a book here Hello Yeah I know Yes sir I just want to say no matter what anybody says Dutch Queen's this Queen you are my Queen Right And let me ask you to say one more thing Yes I just want to thank you by the way for the ticket To the hockey game I went Friday And it was terminal But yeah My son liked it And I did want to thank you George It was wonderful for taking care of it I don't forget it was an exhibition game number one Oh my god You're right it could be very long season I'm sorry It's actually a brewery is really as fragile as they are starting to hint around that he is We could have some real problems It's going to be scary But they're not doing anything You know that I'm not making any moves As you would say Good luck Exactly See you Yeah but at least I got a short trip home From the macarina 560 560 Pound 580 Have we had one woman who was a member of a sorority college today Oh See this is the problem This is the problem We have these women who claim that they're out there listening But no matter what it is I thought that that was a very very good point for me to bring up Thank you you're welcome And I don't know I have no idea When women join sororities Do they have to go through some of the same kind of crap Do they go through the same kind of hazing Because I've never heard of such things And there's only one way to find out And that would be if somebody out there would call and tell us But of course maybe we don't have anybody out there Who could tell us because maybe we don't have any women Wherever in a goddamn sorority Which is highly unlikely but who knows 560 560 Pound 560 On the 18T wireless line Here's plantation hello Neil Yes sir I was in a fraternity I got out of the Navy I went in on on a GI Bill Rights that allowed me to wash dishes and weight tables For my my food I went on a GI Bill rights And the government got it back hundreds of times In taxes later on We were paddled and we paddled And it taught us discipline It taught us how to run a business Now somebody can tell me You were paddled and it taught you how to run a business That taught us discipline Correct That's where we got paddled Yeah that's true But we also ran our affairs And we learned Robert Rules' orders We learned how to run a meeting We learned a lot of things that you should get in college And I'm not sorry for it Now we need to be paddled Was that in the Navy or in the fraternity? Oh the fraternity and I guarantee it was not as rough as boot camp I'm sure that Okay, thanks I'm glad you came out Or whatever whatever that mean I won't take it the wrong way 560 came out okay I guess But I met 560 560 And Pound 560 on the 18T wireless line See what's wrong with a little bit of paddling Yeah All these people arguing about whether to paddle your kids in school Here's a bunch of adults or at least pretty good Close to adults Like young adults Add a lesson so whatever it is Punks And look at what this paddling did for this guy I'm a lollipop little boy Hi This is Ares Plate On the area of newest car Dailorship Plate Dars Our lot is jam with a plate of plate dars As H1 complete new carpeted for your comforts And all of our plate dars is our available and a wide variety of colors Brainging from brown Red All the way to hot paint A plate dars Andals in all kinds of weather From hot and dry The food and wet Top in For a test drive And experience that new plate dars male When you buy from us We'll hand up your plate dars until your satisfied Plate dars Because the marichakes are better you're driving Okay, 14 at 560W trim thanks to Kitty by the way Got nice shorts to note here with a couple of interesting things in a box Ever have a thing in a box? Interesting thing It says I'm a proud desk girl from Amsterdam Who thinks your show is one of the greatest here in Florida Please enjoy these watches And good health and keep up with good work And they're like Backstreet boys stamp watches They're collectible things There's like four to a strip of them They're like connected like postage stamps And each segment is like a watch with pictures of the back Because so they're collectible stuff Thank you Kitty See so we got somebody nice from Amsterdam And then my old friend who was in the cross city mood They give me a song and then it's about a racist damn And sit around so on And he knows where I stay So whatever you know what does that mean? Who gives a crap? I don't know I don't know There's a lady mobile and a four-loader nail Hello Yes man You know I turned on the radio a couple minutes ago And you heard you were looking for a woman That was in a sorority Right I was but I don't know why you're looking for one Okay well I was talking earlier about the grotes things The glow and hazing In sports and in the military and also in the fraternities And we're wondering if the same kind of crap goes on to join a sorority There was some in my sorority Which I went to University's girl and and yeah I might story there was some horrible things that went on Really? Yeah that's why I left Like what? I guess not so much like the physicalness that you hear and hazing But more like more like embarrassing the girls and Just like more mental anguish I guess would be the answer than actual physical Uh-huh What's not like the basis for real good friendships? Yeah exactly that's why I left I mean the idea was to build friendships that would be lasting And that kind of thing and it was not It was not in any way Um it was an incident where there was um Every other night you had to be in a study group at the sorority house And if the girls were not being quiet or studying They would lock one of the two girls up in a laundry room for ten hours All for ten hours great Yeah real dumb stuff like that You must have thought you enjoyed a convent instead Exactly They would also do things to embarrass the girls on campus They um the pledges and they did not remember the rules Or the or the Greek alphabet correctly They would have to wear these like huge strains like Um buttons on the mall day that said I did not remember the you know things real mature things But I still do put crappy Exactly Exactly so I think it's the same whether it's the fraternity or sorority It's just that you don't get it opportunity to gain pain in the you guys Yes Well sometimes I guess really Yeah Okay sweetheart thanks a million You're welcome Have a great thing 560 so basically what we're finding out is that sororities for turn of these all these things It's basically you know acting like a jackass and how much they can humiliate and degrade you And then maybe if you can survive all of that crap Then you're good enough to be allowed to pay your way into their club That's that's really what it boils down to But of course like the guy from the York set if you want to make some friends and keep them you better join up or else Relsch you're going to be real lonely Because you know guys who guys and women I guess do the same thing if you're not comfortable running Make it on the beach with all these great friends you've got then you just do your life in with a cramp 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line Here's Kendall hello Yes sir I just an observation I think that you have expanded this thing perfectly The jerk that called the one in the closet That was a beautiful example of it Yes, he was perfect I could not have a little written a better script That's the fire in the closet all the way Yeah I would like to be with all the respect by way I would like to say something probably this is a covering a coline In other words stone age kind of behavior when you say sir Yes, I mean like the military they have to be the crap out of you to let you in The colleges they have to be the crap The sorority is the country even when you want to be to go somewhere else you have to go through a lot of Unination Right, it's a very elementary thing you know Yeah, if you want something you have to allow to degrade you and humiliate you and then maybe if you're always will let you have it That is correct and that's very subhuman behavior Right, however I was very happy about your observation about that guy because guys like that abound You know when it comes to colleges and that's where I want to go to In other words if a college is a universal fountain of knowledge of human knowledge humanitists Yeah, it should behave according right and this behavior should have been condemned hundreds of years ago Right, they kind of do that and get away with it Absolutely correct my name is from his go ahead and I'm not your service sir and God bless you. Bye. Thank you. I'll pray for it Five six seven. Oh five. I don't why I keep saying it. They're one guy said that the one day And I just keep repeating that I'll pray for right. How long? I'll let him think he needs it. So how about these sandwiches? Five six seven. Oh five six And pound five six the on a AT&T wireless line Should I mention on the year where we got these sandwiches from by the way? Why not? How about a nod? Here's my name. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing today? Pretty good to hear all I pay for it's a wine. Yes sir Have you heard of a sport called rugby? Yes. Well, you know, these are like the toughest men in the world Right. It's a very difficult tough sport and I played for for many years and when you first start playing First of all, you're this new guy, you're an idiot and they treat you really bad The form of Hayden. But when you school your first goal or what they call a try Yeah, um that night or the next night they have a big get together a big gathering They make you they make you do what's called a zulu dance where they stand you in front of Everybody at the bar wherever whichever establishment you're at and they start singing these Ancient songs that these rugby eyes have been singing for hundreds of years and they pour beer on you and spit on you and He's great and he only it you right and they flick cigarettes at you. It's a real Okay, you have it and they start you know, you know, they sing and you then you take your shirt off and you're standing or Start naked in front of all these people and you turn around and you moon them and you're you know you're hanging So come yeah exactly and he's real tough guys. They all want to see it, you know, your balls and you're Yeah, what do you want to see we find they got a call and of course rugby like you said is supposed to be what are real Macho even ought to British do play but nevertheless I mean what they're all about I don't know but another thing is during the game. It's a constant game So if there's somebody on the right hand side of the field hurt the game continues on the other side of the field and You know everybody urinate on the on the part of my friends, but everybody urinate on the field But they do they just take their thing and hanging out of the side of their pants everybody's paying and I mean You know there's no shame there's really no shame in the game, you know in the files You know the guys are be sweet and you just you know stop for some of these guys are they are absolutely in the closet Yeah, I don't play anymore because I've heard of my back, but I just wanted to call and give my input God bless you. Thanks for the good news. Have a great day How do you like that to rugby man? Ah, they're the macho boys. Oh Let me say it again any situation like that no matter what the sports military for turn of these you name it For a bunch of guys uh, coerced other guys to get naked There's something really really strange going on here as in taking from me. It takes one to no one, you know I'm saying God, I think I've been missing out on all this good stuff 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello Mobile? Yes sir. All right. Well, I was in a fraternity For my five-year college education right and right at 1980 when they started getting serious about hazing So we only got the tomato fight where we were blindfolded as pledges but Um, and eating an onion and things like that, but what I want to comment on is that in every pledge class we had two a year We always found out that we had a homosexual in the pledge class Whether it was after the semester was over or somehow during Catch them locked on with some other guy in the closet somewhere So the easy one right Well in some cases too, I'd say an average of 1.378. Oh, okay. Okay. That's good. Perfect class and Um, most of them were if I can say this fairly good looking guys We thought that they would help us with the girl angles bring up into our parties But then they started to tend to not really want to go after the girls And we would catch on but we never had to get naked with anyone Never really tried to lucky for you man other than the sorority. That would be a cross you'd have to be her other rest of your life I don't say I can sleep well tonight now. Excellent. Okay. Thanks. All right Five six seven. Oh five sixy. Well, maybe he went to a fraternity that that one guy was in a college 1115 The one that runs naked on the beach with his buddies with his boyfriend So help me seriously. I don't think I'm ever going to recover from that call. I was just so astonishing so spectacular Everything you could possibly want all right there in one amazing phone call as in when it doubt bloated out Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line my buddies my pals for life We're going to go out there and run naked in the breeze and take showers together and do the old elephant walk and whatever else, you know Now you're talking here's crawl springs hello Yeah, I need all you doing. Okay, sir. You know, I got a real depressing story for you. I went over to the driver's license Crow and pop an old beach to get a copy of my driving record for job application And there's a sign on the door closed for tropical disturbance. Yeah, the status that taken off today So there's no state agencies. I just wanted to warn people Good point. Yep. All right. Thank my phone rang. Thank you. Six thirty this morning to tell my roommate John who works for the state. No log. No come to work today How do you like that? Yeah, she calls I pick up the phone six three tomorrow. What kind of a maniac is calling here a six thirty in the morning? From the state of Florida office closed today. Why is that? Well, there's a pig into Calico somewhere over, you know drop one Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Don't let me forget to read that to column My great fields and thanks again to the very nice lady who sent that to me I have a hairy chest I have a hairy chest really men have hairy chest. I like to watch pay what I like to watch b-watch I like to watch pay watch real men like to watch a pay watch I like to listen to Ricky Martin. Well I like to listen to Ricky Martin Hello real men, dude listen to Ricky Martin. Sorry pal Yeah, I'm sorry. This is what I really meant. And we all made a joint for turn of these. 130 at 560 WQAM. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Here we are at the sink sink amps. In the 30s, 37? Yeah. Well, talk about initiation. They just give you a few out of the sheets. Or put a snake in your bed. Yeah. And that's about it. Mm-hmm. That's very good. Okay, thanks. Get ready for that. Here's our last call, Colour Range, hello. Hello. Mr. Andrew. Yes, sir. I love silk. Interesting topic. I was in the Navy for about 14 years. We finally classed it quite a bit. This initiation, when you did that call, the shell back initiation. And I went through with it myself. It was humiliating that they made us climb through old food that they had put in a shoot where you had to climb through the shoot. You had to stick your head in the fat, the fat they picked us as if man on the ship. And then make you rubbed your head in his belly. Pretty weird stuff. Yeah. Yeah. It's very weird. There was a guy on the ship, though. And he was a friend of mine named Masey Ag. And he declined to do this. He declined. You know, it's your right. He was one of the few people who did, but he was in my true, but I knew him real well. He decided, no, I'm not going to do this. I will not go through this and he stayed in this boat. And I found out later during the cruise that he was like basically pushed out of the Navy. And I don't, you know, I really don't want to say about this. I thought that whole thing must ridiculous what I went through. I mean, there was things I refused to do. They wanted me to eat my breakfast off the floor. They took pancakes and put them on the actual deck of the ship. Beautiful. Yeah. And wanted me to eat it. Not said no. I will not do that. And whatever the deal is, Masey Ag was a friend of mine. He refused to do it. Then, because I'm his friend. And even though I did reach my shell back glory, you know, I've got my certificate and everything. I was kind of blacklisted because I was a friend of the sky. You've decided. And I really think you're under something here about this. I don't know if it's homosexuality, latency. I don't know that exactly what it is. But it's serious clothes. Because it's sucking me as very, uh, yeah. Yeah, it's a peculiar strange, very weird. Very weird. Yeah. So that's my story. You know, I once had asked him a life in the village, almost Masey Ag. I think he was. He was pretty digested by this whole thing. Really? A lot of people were treating him like, you know, really like crap. He was a good director. And you know, it wasn't fair to the guy. He was a good guy. He was a nice guy. He was at just every day or any guy that I met in the nearer. Maybe. But because he didn't want to degrade him, you know, he had himself there. He did that. You're right. And I almost, you know, if it may change out there. Good luck, you sir. And your my name. Okay. Okay. Okay. If you're out there, uh, whatever. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where I was lying. Let me say it again. These are grotesque. These are unacceptable rituals in a bunch of crap. And like I also said before, now see he gets into a situation where they don't have a choice. They're captive audience out there on the ship. But I mean, if you have very low self esteem or your kids, if they have very low self esteem, they want to go off in the joint of fraternity or sorority. You know, my advice would be, uh, cut the crap. Okay. DM man, be a woman, uh, maybe somewhere in between, whatever it would anyone want to be. But don't like, uh, have to be a quizling for other people and gravel if they're being beat for their acceptance. Screw them. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. I knew. Yes, sir. I just want to tell you I hate you. Okay. Thank you. And thanks for listening to 560 WCQAM. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Good. Good. Listen, let's not leave out the homophobic cops. Only the women come out in the police force and move one thing I respect about the women that are cops are referring to honest about it. Yeah. That's the most homophobic group, the most latent group I've ever seen in my life. Uh-huh. I mean, you know, I mean, let's face it. I think you've been through their wrath. Yeah. Anyway, I'm in the middle of a tropical storm. I got a girl. Okay, pal. I was a rainy again out there. We could have a rain out today. Double head of rest. Maybe we'll have to have a double head of starting a 10 o'clock tomorrow morning for the morning. Sounds good to me. Maybe a triple head of five six seven. Oh, five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line, mobile and marathon. Hello. Anyhow, you doing great. Anyhow, I was wondering, maybe this week, and you like to come down here and do some fishing and meal and family. No. Here's my, and me, hello. No. Did anyone mention the movie for attorney role? No. That was the one with Paul Newman's like, not with you. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I read the whole thing about it from the book. That was the one. Okay. I do. For attorney role, I go out and run it right now. If I were you, be a real good piece of advice for him. Why not to have your kids join a fraternity or sorority or any of you punks out there. Better thinking of joining one. Just say, to being treated like some kind of subhumanness come back just so you can get somebody else's acceptance to them. That's what I say. See, this goes back again to the fact that too many people in society are worried about what everybody else thinks. Oh, I want to be accepted. I want to be part of just the a person. That's all. I want to be part of your good person. If you got something going for yourself, you'll make all the friends you want real friends. Not people like you had a buy to join into some kind of special suit or when electrical God damn snobbish club. Don't you think they lead his assholes if he acts me not that I know that I have strong things about this. Do I? Uh-huh. I find the whole concept the grading, nauseating, disgusting. And after reading this book about the hockey crap and all this other crap going on, just unbelievable. No, and I'd like to like I said very believable. And I unit there's the one thing I've asked and I could I consider and I could pound on this from now until the end of God damn time and never get a response. You want to know why because there is no answer. And that question being, how come in professional sports or college sports or any sports? All these macho guys, when they're juxtraps on and they're tight uniforms, how come it's okay for them to pat each other on a yes? Grown men, guys 30, 40 years old in baseball football. Patty Cheddar on the S guy a manager comes out of the pitching coach to make a pitching chase takes the ball from the pitcher pat them on the S. Can you think of any other endeavor of a non-sexual nature in which one man pats another man on the S? You want to make a big sale of the office? Does the boss come along and pat you on the S? No, you bet you're sweet as you don't. Sounds like a good foundation for a sexual harassment suit to me. You get an A on your exam in school. Does the teacher come along and pat you on the S? No, maybe unless it's that one in Hollywood, she might. But other than that, only in sports baby, only in this gay club. To guys take showers together, pat each other on the S, all of this clutching and grab it. And then of course go out and have a good gang bang and you know, do some sloth together. That's the story about the wealth I'm going to read that. I wasn't going to read it. It's pretty grotesque, but nevertheless, we can say penis on a year. Can we say penis on a year? No. Where is that part in here? Where is that part, so to speak? I'll find it. Oh, God. Yeah, place something in the middle here. Okay, I said I can't find it. What's the hell is that? I'm going to be talking about it. Oh, I'm going to be here. It is. Yeah, talked about these two guys that had a day change of the name of some of these players in the book. But anyway, it says here's the one. He says he not only watched closely while his teammate had sex. He choreographed pointing his toe to where he wanted the girls head to be. Since he couldn't satisfy his friend, he wouldn't go out with her anymore. In another case, discussed in this book, the complainant could only have the star of the team. If he brought two of his teammates along and another one of the defendants asked another. Why didn't you wait for me when he walked in on his friend having sex? Two well storm hockey players tried to put their penises in a woman's mouth at the same time. Who would receive the most physical pleasure from this act? They also wanted to know who was best as if the sexual act were a continuation of team practice. What's there to say, except? All right. 21 before two at five, 60 WQA. That fan of you is so large. I don't think he has ever seen the butt mass of the machinery's life. You love breakfast cereal, do you love beer? Then you love beer, the world's first beer-soaked breakfast cereal. My husband never had time to eat breakfast in the morning. And to get him to even touch me, we like pulling teeth. But now he wouldn't think of starting his day without three heaping bowls of beer. And can't keep his hands off me. Have you heard of it all the way? Harvey, the curfews here. Bereas is available at all fines to come markets and look at stories everywhere. I used to be depressed, so with beer you don't have got to raise it away, cop. I started each day with a buys. Bereas, it's oats, it's alcohol, it's science. Harvey? 144 at 5.60 WQAM. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil? Yes, sir. Return to the brother here, man. All right. And just wanted to tell you, you're a synagogue sag. Yeah. Okay, thanks. Here's another fraternity asshole I rest my case. A synagogue sag. See, there's the podcast called the kettle pink right there. Fraternity boy, probably got that probably was doing the elephant walk for hours. For days, months. Here's a mobile and bokeh, hello. Hey, Neil, there's a real important reason to belong to fraternity or a sorority. And what is that, sir? And that is the one she's joining you. And you become a member. You think your stuff doesn't think anymore? Uh huh, is that it? That's, I think that's the only reason I can think of. Then you can become an elitist just like the rest of them. And then you can prepare to do the same kind of crap to them that they did to you. You got the other kids. But it doesn't think so, so it's okay, yeah. Uh huh. Okay, thanks. Don't rub their noses in it, though. Okay, it's getting pretty weak. Let me read this column. And again, thanks to the lady who sent this to me because I misplaced yesterday's business section. And by the way, I misplaced all of this morning's herald in the waste basket because it was about 20 gallons of soaking water. How come her son sent me? No problem this morning. But right side by side with it, right in the middle of the same rainstorm, there's the hero just a pile of mush. You think I misdain anything? No, no. But anyway, in yesterday's business section, Greg Fields writes and the headlines says, Teddy Roosevelt, me, John Henry. It's hard to imagine John Henry, the owner of the Florida Marlins, with a hammer in his hand like his name's sake of American folklore. He apparently wouldn't mind however if the rest of his picked one up to help build a stadium for his long suffering baseball team. Tax players are expected to foot the bill for new home for the Marlins and exchange we get what? Good seats and autographed program, the right to play center field and a game of heart choice? No, we get the bill. The Marlins we all know look like fish out of water when they play pretty much any protein these days, but they might improve with time and happens with wine. So there's no reason we'll pose the public stadium. That's no reason. Rather, we should oppose the stadium because baseball, the All-American game operates under our most un-American set of economic rules, someone's some entity Roosevelt baseball needs a trust buster. Long ago, the owners of America's baseball clubs, Count Government and Accepting the League, from anti-Trust laws. Anti-Trust laws simply are those that prevent monopolies as the nation wants to head for JPMorgan's railroads, John Rockefeller's oil company and mob-ells phones. Our first president, our first president Roosevelt, had a reputation for breaking them up. Baseball's anti-Trust exemption means that club owners, benevolent citizens like Marge shot, George Steinbrenner and Wayne High-Pingab, can prevent competing leagues from forming. They carefully rationed which cities get teams by limiting supply they jack up the value of franchises, factored an eliminated edition Beanie Baby. For reasons not clearly understood, perhaps a certain 40-in form of envy, cities do just about anything to land a club to prove their major league, only a major league's fool would buy into that. With a current system there's no incentive for baseball owners to care about costs, their assets are covered by taxpayers. You think Mr. Henry who made his fortune in the rough and tumble world of commodities trading, apparently he was even more gifted at the Hillary Clinton, with support of free market and baseball. When he took over the Marlon, he seemed to recognize the game was in trouble. It's my responsibility to all of the economics and I feel like I'm capable of doing that he said. Perhaps, but if Mr. Henry wants to stay even downtown Miami, reportedly one of the preferred sites, you'd have to alter the economics of the city itself because it happens to be shall we say less than flush. One is hard pressed to imagine the state appointed oversight board that controls Miami's frightening finances, approving a stadium over say garbage collection. Perhaps they could let the Marlon's pry the roof off the old Miami arena, now they're being abandoned by the NBA seat. Admittedly, John Henry would face a tough battle in getting his fellow team owners to give up on him, I'm an oplie. So if he still wants to new home for his team, he can employ any economic tool that I discovered when I bought my house. He could pay for it. How do you like that Greg Fields in the hair all the afternoon of business section? Nice going Greg. Of course too bad it's in a business section that nobody reads just like the article about last week about the hotel people just saying, No, any more of their tax money going to build a stadium for this guy. Here's the Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. You know what you see in this sports section today about the village twin of that size V I think it is 3D rabbit. He was called the top class fighting cock. Oh, then apples. Meaning what? Well at a time when he went down to Puerto Rico and they asked him kind of a parade for them. Yeah. And they all screaming them screaming at him and Spanish that the picture was flying. Gallito Gastayo. Yeah. Top class fighting cock. So he's trying to land with Poyo Paracan. Okay. Thanks. Maybe he'll be at the cock twice in a highly and next week. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T. Where I'll have time. We got 600 open lines and 11 minutes to kill here. You think we'll do it? No. I don't think so. Somebody pull the guy damn plug on this thing here about 145. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. I'm a little bit excited for dirty guy. Yeah. The brothers want to know if you like to come over here and do a bocacchi video with us. Ha ha ha. Yeah. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's all material. See, this is this is what you get from assholes. Okay. This is the response. They can't articulate anything. So let's start attacking me because they don't like the truth. It's just like the time I did the stuff on the wrestling. And they got all psychotic in the neurotic. Same thing. Just lash out at me. Go ahead and be my guess. I don't give a grab. Take your very shot, baby. Pathetic. You're not fooling anybody. That's what you're pissed off about. You're fired off from pissed off because you've been brought out of the closet in the open. And a spotlight's being shown on your latency. 560560 and of course you can't explain it with taking far too much for you to explain why that's a story. The fourth is young kids to participate in these activities. You can't do that. So just continue. I can see I don't have to make so different about me because I'm out of the closet. 20 almost 23 years now. Everybody knows I'm a fact and I have no problem with that. What about you guys? What about you guys with your elephant walk and you need to have all these young guys naked. And on their hands and knees and doing the elephant walk and all this other crap.