We're free to 5, 6, 72 AM, Miami Fort Modern Ultra Zets. The best of Neil Rogers. No live calls will be taking today. Neil is on tape. Okay, that's a for many there. But he's not. He's a police don't call. The opinion's heard on the Neil Rogers show. Are those of the Houston Colors can be not necessarily reflect the views of these the new acquisition. For the measly broadcast group, it's managed. Major, anyone else for that matter? Never remember, this is the best of Neil. Do not call. Put the damn phone down. Just relax and enjoy. On 5, 60, E-WA-L. In the 50's Robert Young, they people laugh and father knows best. Now, this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best. Stay up into the confession or believe. I don't know father. This makes the 47th time I've been in there. This way. Oh Billy, I want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking? Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best kept secret. And you've got a private sea for all the fun. Just enter the rectory from the rear. Alright, Billy, boy. Each time for your flute lesson. But Father, your flute has only one role and it doesn't make any noise. Oh, it's wheel, Billy. It will. Father knows best. Once you've seen this new sitcom, you'll wonder why you've never heard about it. Let me introduce you to Shane Peter. Father knows best. Going to church may not seem very entertaining. But there really is something funny going on here. So anyway, where's that story? Priest, amicably resolved. Not another one of these damn priest stories you're going to start with, especially when a lot of Papa is done in Cuba. And it's not interesting how he brought them just what they needed. A good stir and lecture. Not food, not medication, not like anything. Just a little shaky finger waving. See we're doing the right church. You gotta like, it's gotta shake. And the finger too. Priest, suit, amicably resolved. Woman's taking counseling said she was seduced. The lawsuit that began a year ago with an unnamed plaintiff claiming that she had been seduced by a prominent priest. And that a movie deal was in the works ended on Thursday with an unscoded agreement to dismiss the case. Attorneys for the Reverend Thomas Spaudy. I think it's foodie. Don't you think, foodie has something to do with this? How's it spelled? F-O-T-Y. F-O-U-D-Y, okay? It is pronounced foodie. It's foodie. F-O-T-Y. He's not on it too anymore? Pastor of St. Colton and Catholic Church in Pablo Beach and Alinka Sullivan. Oh, what a name that is. Alinka, this linker. I've laid house points in the court hearing that a lawsuit had been amicably resolved with being dismissed. The case is over. Nobody would say whether any money would change. That's it. Absolutely. Not gonna touch that with a 10 foot pole. And don't let me just do that. And that's the end of that. Okay. So obviously he didn't do that. And the Pope is down there giving a big lecture about don't stop making lots of babies. Obviously it's kind of like a Kets 22. And the thing that I found the most astonishing and amazing of all of this Cuba stuff was buried in the middle of this story. It says the Pope's words echoed among many Cubans who have long talked about a moral crisis. A majority of couples in Cuba are not married and nearly live together. Which I think is all the more reason why they shouldn't be no birth control. Right? That's why they gotta keep making babies and as a matter of fact, in 1990 only 34 percent of all babies in Cuba were born to married women. 86 percent were married to women who are not were born like I said 66 percent were born to women who are not married. You don't think El Duche was one of those. That's got those two daughters back there. Although he's not concerned about bringing them here because they're not married anyway. Oh yes, there are still many sporadic couplings. You know if I said about 23 percent of all official marriages in 1995 and in the voice. Well that's a lot better than this country were over 50 percent in the divorce. The deal over there is they just don't get married. But the Pope says, oh, this message to his men is so typical, this Stone Age crap. He says the family, the fundamental cell of society and the guarantee of its stability, nonetheless experiences, the crises which are affecting society itself. This happens when married couples live in economic or cultural systems which under the guys are freedom and progress, promote or even defend an anti-birth mentality and thus induce couples to have recourse to methods of regulating fertility which are incompatible with human dignity. Oh, let me read that one last thing. And those couples to have recourse to methods of regulating fertility which are incompatible with human dignity. In other words, birth control. Oh, no. There was even says Elapapa and acceptance of abortion which is always in addition to being an abominable crime, a senseless impoverishment of the person and society itself. So, you see how this all feeds on itself in other words, no birth controls are a lot of more unwanted pregnancies. So a lot more abortions. It's like a, you know, it's a self-propergerating nightmare, at least that's what they make it into. Like they know that everybody wants to do it a lot. So they, by telling you that it's all sinful and all, uh, painful, then they make you to come there on their knees and speak to all the priests and the older boys etc. And so on because they know that you're going to keep doing it. So it's like getting caught in an endless web in a wicked web. It's like a rat running around like a hamster or a durable running around inside that thing. Back to them forever. So thanks a lot, LaPapa, for bringing those plain loads and plain loads of food and clothing and the Medicaid. Oh, an neighbor. And toilet exactly, toilet area. They don't need toilet paper. We know the story. You already told us they reuse it over and over and over again. You're putting that little box. That's throughout away. No, you put it in there in the illicit kind of stiff and then after it. Oh, yeah. We, uh, we end a recycling. Well, there are two sides to one. Each. That's right. Two sides to every story in the naked city. If it's good enough for the Rooskees man, that keep folding it over and over and over again. There's nothing more than real sin toilet paper. I really respect the good place. You go into a restaurant and you got to take a real bad. And you go into the, uh, see, go into the job. What a terrible thing that is. You go into the toilet. And, uh, if the toilet paper is good, like thick and cushy, I respect that place. Even if the food sucks, at least they got something going. But you go into a public place and, uh, or any place, even a place of work. And they got real thin, crappy toilet paper where your fingers go through, you know, that is, that's why. Oh, man. Well, single ply. They would, they would take that down there. In fact, why not start sinning down there. Castro is full of crap. Let's not say why not start sinning a whole bunch of toilet paper. Let's send this through. In fact, Mr. Whipple would have done more for them down there than the god damn pope. I'll tell you that right now. Now, Al Goldstein didn't say that the pope takes it up the back of him yesterday. Did he? I think he did. Al Goldstein yesterday last night. I have a report on Al Goldstein. And I only wish that we had, you know, a studio in here that worked with a microphone. It really worked. So the last two days when I really had some living and breathing people in here, you could have heard them instead of spying all the time. Yankees didn't twist and get in pulling it in the microphone, too. But we had a night of pomp and a park last night. There are still puddles. puddles under the table from people peeing their pants from listen to this man. He is so unbelievable. So outrageous. So are real. Here's a real guy. A real fat guy who says he, he would rather eat that Ben and Jerry especially. He hasn't even tasted yet. He said, he'll even give up. See, instead of that's what he said. Now he would rather eat Ben and Jerry's than eat. See, is what he said. And he's real big on eating. See. So there you go. But he ate, yes, he ate it all. He had, he sat down. I mean, they were there at the crack of six o'clock last night. And his wife, which he isn't really his wife because they're living in Cynthia. His fiance, that's a very nice word. Rose, very nice, very lovely person. How she ever got hooked up with him. She wants to have a great sense of humor. Oh, I see. Big bucks. She's a lawyer, though. I think she's the one that's got even the bigger bucks. But she's very nice. And they got there right at the crack of six. And I'm sitting there eating my French onion soup, okay? Which I love at the crack. They got great French onions. Oh, that's box coming up. And so, well, I'm working my way into it. And so he wants to spaghetti and meatballs because there is a tag in I did top of the park. So they bring a huge thing, a spaghetti meatballs. But then all of a sudden he looks to see what I mean. Oh, what's that? French onion soup. I'm going to have that too. And he had the soup. And he had the huge bowl of spaghetti and meatballs. And he had like two desserts. I think he had his and he had roses. And then the whole discussion, basically, other than the fact about how many he'd rather eat food than. So he was about the answer to them. Of course, which he loves a lot in about food. It was much better than the season. So I mean, we were just dying. Just absolutely dying up there. And then he gives fat rich a couple of hundred bucks here. And it'll make me a few bets. I have no interest in any of that. He's not even looking out on the track. And now the urge just got to him too much. They had to get up and leave so they could make a quick one. After like one or two races, he's not interested. We got to go to publics to check out that fish. I wouldn't be surprised if like 12, 30 in the morning. I was still going around all night supermarkets, Albertson, looking for a bed and Jerry's fish food, which is the best by the way. The man is absolutely unbelievable. Incredible. I think only in Miami and Aintree, Georgia, would you open up the local newspaper as in a physician, a local newspaper like the god damn herald. And read a letter to the editor like this, today they leave the herald downstairs and figure why even let it sit down. Or might as well pick up since it's for free. And since we're in Florida, if it's for free, we'll take it. And so I'm browsing through it here this morning. And here's a letter to the editor. Now you could imagine how many letters to the editors they get from all these goofballs that are just totally off the wall, nobody would ever put in there. It says it's not accepted as the heading. And the letter says this is from Andres G. Manorada in Miami. I can graduate the came in government. It would have been much easier to have allowed this gay cruise, but the government chose to stand up for what is right and moral. For some time now, homosexuals have been pushing their agenda, seeking acceptance is normal when they are not. We can look to the old testament when god punished homosexual behavior in Sodom and Gamora. I hope that more government's corporations and institutions would draw courage and energy from the came in government's example. Andres G. Manorada in Miami. And what do we all think of Andres G. Manorada? That damn fact, I can't stand it. Okay, so when it was 10 17, I thought it would just bring that to your attention that our newspaper that the Miami hero which is like all over the entire country, lots and lots of facts working over there, I understand. I understand it's like a food farm over there at their hero. And I hear that from very good authority right on the inside. And then of course we got this bitch. We got this monicolowinsky bitch who was not 21 by the way, she's 24. They had her down about like 14 15 years old, the time they get through with all this hyperventilating. I mean, talk about a little bit of all reaction and hysteria, just hysteria. And we know that none of this is being done for political purposes. We're positive about that. But you know, the problem is not the fact that the president is horny. All of our presidents have been horny. Even George Bush just look at the name implies, right? All of our presidents have been horny except maybe Franklin Pearson is lots of speculation. All he was doing. But the fact is that this president evidently is a lot of dummy. Then we thought he was. That's where the problem comes in. And wouldn't you think if you're the president of the god day in the US? And you I mean, she's another one with a real fat post and her face ain't much either. So you know, the president just can't keep it in this pants. And you as I started to say, you think that they could bring him whoever you wanted. I mean, this has been going on for years. You know, very discreetly and quietly in the mom's the word. So the speak, home is the word. But not this president. I mean, if he sees it and he likes it, he wants it. He does it. And then, uh, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop and then loose lips. Thinkships. Let me tell you about a place that's number one on this time. That is for great family style Italian food. Pizza law. I have just tasted your snack. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Breakfast. So we were out on art for a date after eating at a fix and kiss. So we were driving in my car. And we were going to go and all the blue and gold away. I have a picture of such a cheese. Think you heard the round. You look at these, they're girls. Girls, girls, girls, girls. Girls, girls, girls, girls, girls. But I do. The older girl, the eight inch, the black coat in it's my head. It's the white gold, the wind goes down. So I'm a dead summer. It's the black coat inside it's there. Girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, girls. Girls, girls, girls, girls, girls. She got her jelly, she got her jelly, girls, girls. But I do. I heard another deadly sport that I held my nose and covered it with my shirt. I heard her round to get her back. We took a matter of time before another attack. So I have to do it with my own face. I took her to the head and saw a girl, so I'm a part of life. Girls, girls, girls. Girls, girls, girls, girls. Girls, boys, girls. Girls, girls, girls. So I do. Do I do? Ok. Ok. The reason I played that right there is George during the previous break was Hacomia Chinak as it was leaving through pouring through these boxes of videos near some of these anal oriented ones and I said having had hemorrhoids for three and a half months, I'm not interested in hearing or looking or thinking about any of these anal invasions, okay? Remember that first there was a British invasion and then we had the anal invasion and then it goes into this big song to dance about how women's backgrounds are so much more cleaner and the pinker and more lovely and hygienic. What? I can only imagine. Oh yeah, okay. Yeah, you can only imagine. Get outta here. You can't compare. You work in a lot of different newers in there. Ashes then Carter's got liver pills. Well, I saw Alzi yesterday. I mean, oh well, you've got a standard to go by. I guess you've got a point now. Oh sorry. Oh my god, the thought of that right at the right before lunch time, too, he's telling me about Al Goldstein's Oh, geez. Man, oh man, talk about heaving gigantic mounds. Anyway, Jeff Gordon, NASCAR driver three days ago, how come we want to get this now? This was in the paper on Tuesday and I missed it. Must have been mighty important. And an announcement that some insider say is not really a big surprise NASCAR defending champion Jeff Gordon, this week came out of the closet with the proclamation that he is proud to be gay. Speaking of launching together in a Atlanta hairstyle list, he made the proclamation. I'm still the same person. I've always made a big effort to get really close with these guys. That's not going to change. Yeah, Betty has especially that French. What's that French race car driver? You know it. Jacques Villanouva is that his name? Come on, George, you got to know something. Things huh? Yeah, out of here. You probably want to get close to him. However, some of Gordon's competitors do not share his optimism. I figured that NASCAR fans will drop him like last week's fishing bait. So seven time Winston Cup champion Dale Earnhardt. He'll probably have to go to Formula 1 racing to be accepted. This is a bubble crowd. The only damn thing they want home is their milk. Penceki driver Rusty Wallace was a bit more to the point. I'll run over any little some bitch that rather suckish wants than a siphon hose. How do you like that? That's what the Wallace who said that. Maybe he's kind of George Wallace. And then I got this facts from the mic. Now can you think this is for real? I'm not going to read his last name on here because I'm too embarrassed for it. I'll throw it in the tadanamine stench. But anyway, it says, what can I do with you? Why do you continue to bash the Catholic religion in the Pope? You say you bash all religions, but I never hear you talk about any others. Do you fear what you don't understand? I never talk about any others like I wasn't talking about this. How see them? I know the record called just the end of the day. And about how they were rocking back and forth there at the wailing wall. And we were talking about the seven day Adventist and the Jehovah's Witnesses. We're talking about Catholics because it's in the news. Yeah, exactly. I don't think that we had a seven day Adventist just go to see Fidel. Or we had the Jaime Schwarzenegger go there from Israel or somewhere. We had the Pope God damn it. He's there. That's why I'm talking about it. You idiot. Why bash the church for a few priests who have done wrong? Oh, give me a break a few priests who have done wrong. You are so brainwashed by Catholic friend out there. I feel badly for you. I feel bad that your brain has been so so closed and so rotted by years and years of brainwashing and conditioning. It's time to get yourself a new conditioner. Like, Pral would be good. He says, remember, they are human. Okay, human we can deal with. It's just like our president. We don't mind human. Hip-a-crits and liars. Those are the ones that of course then the ones who are always finger pointing. Oh, this is sinful. Even a word doing it and got only those how many alter boys should every president pass in future be considered bad because of a few bad ones. How can you judge an entire entity on a few bad people? Look at the whole picture. How you spell it whole Mike as in Breckham and I still and Mike's by the way, doesn't have the name of any straight priest in here. Not one. We're still waiting for the name of one straight priest. He says the Pope is the leader of the church. The church Jesus Christ started 2000 years ago. And again, you're wrong, Mike. Jesus Christ didn't start any church. Okay. 30 belong to one. He was very happy. Yeah, he was a Jew. He was a Jew boy. Okay. His buddy Paul Saul, whatever we call him this week. Alan Saul, I think from Pompatobees. He started it. He says, all I ask is we're a little compassionate, a little rock monocity. I think is the word he's looking for. I love your show. You're very intelligent and entertaining. But when you continue to talk like you do about the Catholic religion, I have a tough time listening. Please give it some thought. God bless. God bless. As in. God. Get out of here. Mike with his dribble of his nonsense. And is that interesting? How he says when you talk about the Catholic religion, he has a tough time listening. When we talk about the Mormon, he's loving his. Yeah, right on. I Joseph Smith, what did that whole? All religions are wrong, except yours. Yeah, right. By definition. Exactly. Of course. That's what makes this so ridiculous. I'm a pus of it, Mike, because they're all man-made bullcraft. Mine is bigger than yours. Mine is better than yours. My God is better there. My God is more jealous than yours is. I mean, for crying out loud, how can any thinking person believe all this go? They look. They're still trying to figure out who we need killed Kennedy. They're still trying to figure out what hell is going on. How that TWAJJ blew up up. They went through all those millions of dollars. They piece the thing together and they give us 8,000 press conferences and they lie through their teeth. And nobody still knows what they'll really happen. But 2,000 years ago, this happened and then have Mike go out and see the world get a life. Okay? Just like those kids, the back street boys, that to me was one of the greatest breaths of fresh air when Kevin and AJ were in here. The other day, he was this bad microphone. And I began to realize that all that crap in that those liner notes in there, these guys, one of them is from West Palm, one is from Orlando, Nick Carter's from Tampa, and two of them are from Kentucky, including Kevin. It was Santa right here, from Kentucky, talk about in the end of the fall. Okay? So, Needless to say, their upbringing was real real ultra-religious born again, Bible thumping. And yet you heard what they were talking about. They love Toronto. They love Amsterdam. They were in a red light district. There was a trip. They're all over the world. And they're amazed at how in Europe they have great sex education. People have much more progressive attitudes. They're not uptight. They're not living in this puritanical mindset. They don't give a crap about religion and they go to church once in a while to make it look good and look at Amsterdam. And where there's the old church, the oldest church in town. And what surrounds the old church is the red light district. And nobody gives it a second thought. Nobody cares. Nobody's having nervous breakdown. They're sitting in the cafe. You can smell the aroma of the streets as you walk in by. They're smoking a little weed, a little hash, a little lumber here, whatever they're doing. And nobody gives a crap. And in this country, in areas again, here we go again on CNN. There's the pulpit is cane in the schmottis and there's Fidel. Boy, what a marriage maiden haven't had is. Two bull crap artists. Which one got the Tony? I mean, there's a perfect match. If I think they ought to get, I wouldn't be something that they got married. I think that would be beautiful. Oh, okay, get married. That's what, yeah, I'm either can Fidel. He's the busy screw it around on the side. The Pope can't get married. My ass. If the Pope says he can get married, and look at that. He's got the unit. It was one of the Pope's decided to tell me. It changed their mind. Just like Galileo, okay, first they said that he was a sinner. And he was going to burn in hell and they shouldn't have given 8,000 lashes. And they just said, I would like a hundred to years after he died, they said, oh, by the way, guess what? You were right. The sun doesn't revolve around the earth. Oh, what a concept. As in, oh, right. All of this are kick, go. Mike, I'm ashamed that you wasted a piece of paper. How many trees had to die? How many poor little trees had to die? So that you could write me this piece of spew to monopiece of paper there. Please don't knock the cat, the cat-like religion. And why do you think we got all these young Julios who love this show? Not just because we're talking about the things of a sexual nature on this program, which gets them highly emotional because they've been so repressed. But also because when they hear about what a bunch of bulkwrap is, they're saying, yes, that's what they're saying. Yeah. They know us all about your horse dropping, but poor Mike out there. This guy only wishes he only praised in one little part of his mind. He only praised that he could emancipate his brain and think for himself about what a bunch of garbage this all is. But hey, you're not supposed to say that because it's a happening man. The pulp is there in Cuba and Fidel. I'll come all of a sudden for that. Also, it's a good guy now. Oh, yeah, he's having second thoughts and he's becoming a spiritual man. Right. He's becoming very spiritual, and make no mistake about it. Am I getting lined up here about what? What do I get in all work up about? Because Mike sent me a stupid guy named Factson because this racecar driver's a fag and that other guy says something about Chuances and want Tommy Wands. Something like that. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes. I'm just going to call you to tell you about my brother died of AIDS in 1994 and he was a leave with gay. And when he was the one of the best people you could ever imagine, he'd give you anything from his wallet. He would leave himself with nothing. It was a very good individual person. And I miss him daily. And we had his math work out. But I was a Catholic. Yeah. We're a Julio family. Right. And I was brainwashing. Very young. I asked the priest that it's burial at the cemetery. What's going to happen to my brother? Because we were always brainwashing that gay people go to hell and stuff. And he says, well, God will forgive him. And then I thought to myself, and I said, why should God forgive him? What did he ever do bad? Yeah. He knew it was such a good person. What do you ever do that your priest didn't do? No, yeah. But no, but seriously, I'm talking seriously. What did he do? Oh, my. Well, okay. What did he ever do that was so bad? He was a better person than a lot of straight people that I know. Right. And I know that I think people, they are I'm I'm straight. I got married as 17. But people people yeah. Well, I'll talk about a Catholic family. If you want to not be circumcised. I am. You are circumcised? Yes. Wow. Well, this, you know, something I got to give a sitting ovation here for this audience today. We got a lot of clean people today. Thank God for this. And what people are homophobic because they themselves are insecure of their own sexual rights. Oh, God, you got it. I mean, I am shy and open minded. I'm a university student. And it doesn't bother me the least bit that see people at our gay, how many times? Because I'm secured my own sexuality. I don't care. You know, and I accepted my brother. And I didn't care. And I loved him. And I still love him to this day. And I got so pissed off when that priest told me, oh, God will forgive him. Forgive him for what? What did he do wrong? Having his own sexual preference? And he was in the vigilance. That's the priest of God is going to forgive him for being a liar in a hypocrite. Well, that's what I'm trying to say. I no longer believe in that funny ballooning mumbo. Oh, thanks a lot. Guys, we get the jackpot. Here's a young guy who's circumcised in and has seen the light. Well, I'm very open minded. I'm 21 years old and I'm open minded. I have a quite a few friends that are gay because my wife gets along with them very well. And we are very open minded people. And another thing that I was going to tell you is that quality that called about how banics are taking, you know, taking over. He sounds a little seen a phobic to me. Yeah, just a little bit. Okay, now. Have a great day. But we can. Thanks a lot. There are no other problem with the quality of your right there. It is like a real living ingredient. There's going to be a one on the wide because he's circumcised because his brain is free to think his brain can breathe. Just like your lungs need to breathe. Your brain needs to breathe. And when it's all locked up in that tight in that really, and then of course when you got that real like a lot of paeho and like that long elephant snout the foreskin, then my God, a brain that there's like no hope at the end of the tunnel. You can't even see the light. I can't imagine the guy you could go out with. Meaning what? What does that mean? That they're not clean. All of a sudden. Anyone who is in clean and there is no one in Europe. I have ever encountered who is not clean. I can just sniff it. I can smell from a million miles away. That's why we have double glass between these studios. Here is a hialia. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Well, I'm the president of Catholic United Fulite and I don't know what you have a big deal over the Pope. He does many great things and the president of what? I'm the president of Catholic United Fulite. What is that? We are a pro life organization. Yeah. And you know, I don't know what you make it big deal with the Pope. Because that's my opinion. What do you mean? I'm making a big deal. It seems to me the media is making a big deal. Everywhere you look, we see the Pope. He's doing great things. Like what? He wants his own country and he wants his own country and he is on country as Cuba. No, you do want to Cuba. But what's his own country in Poland and he crushed communism over there. He crushed it with his fist. No, you went the word of God. Yeah. Okay. And it's just because you don't have a problem of a priest and the Pope and you criticize them, you know, if you think you could do better, you know, then do it. Then do what? You think it's too better? Well, then I'll then elect me Pope and I'll guarantee I'll do a lot Yeah, you have to be one. You have to be a C. Yeah, you qualify. Yeah, I'm that's right. I qualify. I'm a fact that put that gives me a leg up so to speak. No, you can't do it. You're a people fact in the church. There's all my God, wait a minute. I want you to get, do we have a bullet? I wish we had a bullet in sound that there's no fags in the Catholic church? No. Okay. Thank you so much. I'm sorry. I believe I feel so much better now. Oh, there he went. There's no fags in it. I thought he was going to have a stroke. I thought he was going to start stroking. He was so excited. There's no fags in the church. That was it. He couldn't handle that. He ran. He ran. I bet he's rubbing his rosary beads and whatever else it can get his hands on right now. That was beautiful. He's the head of one. Whoo. There's no fags in the church. How's my senior Brian Walls doing by the way? How he doing? Well, they don't call them that in the Catholic church. What do they call them? All the reasons, lifestyles. Yeah, alternative lifestyles. My ass. Well, not my ass. Maybe you're a doctor. Yeah, not mine. Oh, what a thought. Those narrowed up old priests. Like I said, that movie Massapil with Jack Lemon is one year. In fact, you should have gotten a copy for this guy. Okay. Which Charles turning in the Jack Lemon, you should have gone out and got 85 copies and said it to this guy in his flock. He's doing great work over there. He's given lectures to people who need food in these town. Hey, keep making more babies. No birth control. No more abashing. More and more and more babies and more starvation. And good luck. He and go out and plant some seeds in the backyard. I want to go plant some seeds where they'll grow. That's where he wants you to do. Go plant some seed. What's called score? By the way, can you watch if you have a... Canadian insect and they pop down. You know, yesterday morning, get out of bed. I go to my TV Sunday morning. I happen to be one of those people who, you know, flips around on the set and watches some of the news shows. You know, more than early. I paint over tens of this stuff. But Sunday morning, I kind of compartmentalize a little bit of my brain. And I watch a little bit of me depressed. I watch a little face the nation. If there's something going on that little, uh, the, uh, this week's show used to be, frankly, before we started doing those ADM spots. But at any rate. So yesterday, I'm flipping my local channels. Channel four. Channel six. Channel seven and channel 10. You should all wrought and hell. And thank God for my two satellite missions, especially the big dish. Because the only way you could see any of those shows up until, uh, I think was 11 30 yesterday morning. Was if you had a satellite dish. Because channel four, channel six, channel seven and channel 10. All of the sides that the Pope was more important than the fact of president maybe resigning any day or being in a piece of whatever is going on with Monica Lewinsky. Who isn't really all that fact by his standards, right? At least three years ago, she wasn't that bad that picture that only shown 25,000 times where they're embracing, she's in the crowd and he gives a little weight, a little rabbit, a little feel and whatever else. It's a banana republic baby. That's right. El Presidente is doing his banana business and the country is like on the verge of falling because of the president's banana business to show you how immature and prosthetic we are. But the thing that really pissed me off even more than the channels four, six, seven and 10 was the British and their reaction to this about how immature and how silly we are. The British are the masters. They are the inventors of all this tabloid crap of having underbased breakdown every time somebody gets an erection over there. My God. And Prince Philip, he's running around banging everything that moves enhancement for the last 40 years. And then Charles was kind of a slow start or once he got started, said, oh God, that's good. And he hasn't stopped ever since all the way. He's tasted got a question really since he didn't pick Diane out in the first place. And she wasn't much of a prize anyway. But that Camilla Parker bulls man old man. In fact, I think that's what she might be his man old man. She looks like she looks like something in drag. But anyway, they got the balls to be talking about us being silly. We're already in the where the hell do I think we got it from? From them. We learned the lesson well. But we got to see this only the Catholic church could manipulate the media and the public to convince us that this was a major news story. Not a religious story that had nothing to know business beat on that. Here's a mess. Here's a Catholic mess. I understand that there's paid time on Sunday morning. Reverend Schuyer with this crystal cathedral all his millions. And that the faker that Nazi up there in Broward that's on a TV. Yeah, these guys are all over the place. And they buy the time. So they can you know, propaganda, doesn't spread their empires. Raise more cash. But here's a Catholic mess. And it's being passed off. Oh, and the people who were covering this stuff. I thought they were going to pass out especially that Christiana Amon poor on CNN. Oh, it's just so wonderful to be here. And now the Pope is back in Rome. I saw him on a big alicator 747. Why do I offer this morning on a TV? He's back over there and guess what? I don't see no political prisoners being released yet today. Do you? I don't see Fidel kneeling on his thing and crossing himself and saying hell, Mary is enrugging his beads. I don't see any of that going on and don't hold your breath. But channel 4 channel 6 channel 7 channel 10 thought it was a lot more important to give us a Catholic mess on Sunday morning. Which I guess most people wanted to go to a mascaro and get out of the house. Then do give us the information of what the hell is going on here. And now of course the media in their unbelievable feeding friends. Now the new deal is they're taking polls on everything. They're even having got one question. How long do you think the president's poll is? And they're having numberally ratings on what do you think of Clinton and what do you think of Kenneth Star? What do you think of Monica Lewinsky? Who? Why? Who the hell is Monica Lewinsky? He's had the fact that we're seeing these few pictures on there, which now she's got that big fat bulbous face. And three years ago she looked a lot better and by his standards were pretty damn hot. She was a groupy. She was an intern. She was a groupy hanging around outside the overlaw office or whatever else was over there as in Wavos. And she was scantily clandered for pocketively clad and a president being real hornies said, all right, I'll do it. It's often as possible. What do you think? What do you think? And then they're asking all these people, I can't really hide that right wing son of a bitch with his anti-abortion thing. Remember the hide amendment that, yeah, they're asking him the head of the Senate Judiciary Committee. Well, what do you think about, yeah, right? And he's just salivating. Look, look, look, here we go. Simply for Monica Lewinsky. Sounds like a pollock to me. Do you wish I think? Oh, no, oh god. Yeah. Yeah, all her buddies. This the other one that was on the Goldberg Beach, the attorney. It's a Jewish conspiracy. There you go. And right away, the media is asking everybody all these questions. What do you think that the public is going to do when he comes all in that state of the union address tomorrow? What do you think that all the people in that damn humanish chamber? What do you think they're going to be doing? Yeah, they're going to be sniggering is what they're going to be doing. So the bottom line is the president's hornie, which is nothing new. We've always known that he was a real womanizer. And all our presidents have been hornie. In fact, if they're not, you should have started asking some real questions. I think the only one I can think of in recent history, we don't know too much about was Gerald Ford and being his boring and much of a dullard and dumbness he was, he probably didn't know there was such a thing of screwing around on the side. In fact, he probably barely knew that there was so much of a thing of screwing around like in the missionary position, much less on the side. But at any rate, so that's basically what we got here is, and of course, what really cracks me up is these people who say, oh my god, but this is purgery and sub-borning purgery and I'm struck to have just the told her to lie. Oh, of course they told her to lie. Are you out of your mind? Is there any public official at any level who's going to say, oh yeah, well if they ask you to say that you were the best piece of ass I ever had honey. Of course they told her to lie. So what's the big deal? We're going to impeach the president. We're going to force him to resign because he's screwing around. He has from little rocks isn't he? He likes his rocks. These people, man, he's hypocrites these silly ass people in his country. And just coincidentally, by the way, happy to be reading the Seymour Hersh book, which I'm reading three books at the same time, some little slow. Seems to me like about three weeks I've been telling you I've been reading this book. The dark side of Camelot about the and Saturday night I'm reading this and I came across about the page in a half, two pages here, which I would nearly don't read on the air, but I'll make it a section right now, which I will read since most of you don't read and have read this book. To give you a little bit of an idea of what life is really all about in the real world, page 226, the dark side of Camelot, listen very closely and very carefully. Okay, Larry Newman, the first college graduate this family probably joined the Secret Service in 1960 and in the fall of 1961, was quickly promoted to presidential detail. His first major assignment was to provide security for a presidential speech in Seattle in November. Newman and Clevd Hill, a senior agent, flew to Washington 10 days before Kennedy's visit. We had excellent cooperation with the Seattle Police Department, and when we called him 1995 interview for this book, and the president made his speech and returned without incident to the safety of his sweet and the Olympic hotel. The floor of the hotel had been sealed as Secret Service Protocol dictated, access was limited to those with special clearance. That night, Newman got what he called my baptism by fire. Sometime after Kennedy was back, Newman heard a commotion not the elevator. A loyal democratic sheriff had come out of the elevator with two hookers and was bringing them down toward the president's sweet. I stopped the manny was loudly proclaiming that the two girls were for the president's sweet. The sheriff's party included a group of local policemen who would help to provide security for Kennedy's speech. It was clear Newman told me that the sheriff and police men knew the women and knew they were high class call girls. Before long, Dave Powers came out of the suite. The sheriff tried to walk inside with the two women, but Powers cut him off. Newman recalled, thanked him for bringing the girls up and took him into the suite. Newman was embarrassed and at one point threatened to arrest the sheriff or interfering with the activities of federal officers. He only wanted the thrill of letting the president know what a great favor he done for him, but he wanted to do personally deliver the prostitutes was impossible. Before leading the floor, the sheriff officially warned the two women that if any word of this night gets out, I'll see that both of you go to Stilcool, Mistake Mental Hospital, and never get out. I couldn't believe this, he said, but he did, Newman recalled. I couldn't believe he said this, but he did. One of the policemen, they would ask me, does this go on all the time? I just didn't know what to say and said, while we traveled during the day this only happens at night. The cops, the farm and everybody else involved with presidential security, have been alerted that these girls were going in and meeting with the president. Meeting with the president, Newman said, there was no question about that. Something to do with meat. Later that evening, Newman made what should have been a routine check of security along the corridors of the U-shaped hotel. The presidential party had booked all the rooms on the floor and the sweets for the president and the senior age, powers and Kenny O'Donnell were located on one end of the corridor. At least 60 adult police officers have been assigned to guard the fire escape exits on the floor, but Newman found their post unmanned. Instead, the officers were all bunched together in a fire escape well directly across from the presidential sweets, and room next to the president's two young women on the White House staff could be seen having a three-way sexual encounter with O'Donnell. The president's chief of staff had drawn the windows, girls' curtains, but not the heavier blinds. The policemen were passing a pair of vernaculars back and forth vernaculars that were supposed to be used to survey the streets outside. They were waiting in turn so they could watch Newman told me, the sergeant apologized to me and they reposted themselves and that what was it for me for the day I didn't know what to do or say he said. When I saw on Seattle, it became commonplace to me and the other agents when we were on the road. Dave Powers was the interface on these occasions and he'd find a woman that would bring the women along. The women would be brought out of the president's suite after three or four hours. This became a matter of great concern Newman told me because we didn't know who these people were and we didn't know what they had on their person. You would just look up and see Dave Powers munching down the hall and saying, hi, Palin, we had no way to stop it. We were told just not to interfere with it. We didn't know if the president that next morning would be dead or alive. Newman now living in Fort Collins, Colorado is quick to say that he and his fellow agents love Ken. They loved the fact that he made an effort to learn the names of the agents and some personality tale about them. It was highly frustrating because we thought so much of the guy Newman told me. We really didn't like seeing him think so little of himself if that's the right word. One solution was to blame Powers, O'Donnell and other Kennedy hangers on who supplied the women. They could have been better friends in my opinion. Newman said they could have had more respect for the security. They've written many books about how much they loved him. They were really running a hard risk on this he said. They were running a really really hard risk. Hard. That's all I'm going to read. There you go. Just from one little excerpt, two pages out of the book about Kennedy, the Dark Satter Camelotten, whatever it so far, it's part of all the Niles. I have no reason to disbelieve any of the stuff in this book. President and entertainers have been screwing around for as long as anybody can remember and nobody gets shocked. Nobody says, oh my god, he's the president after all. I mean, I will grant you that the concept of the president having phone sex with some slot is a little bit topry at best. It's embarrassing. He's the president after all. But you know something, he takes his clothes off and God, I sure don't want to see that. But when he takes his clothes off, he's just another man, just like anybody else. And the way the media are carrying on about all this, I'd like to see all these self-righteous assholes. I'd like George Will, who was on there yesterday opening up a big mouth. I'd like to see what's going on in his goddamn closet. This right wing son of a bitch. When he's not watching the cup of those baseball games, juvenile, it's pathetic, it's embarrassing. And I think it about a week he'll be out. Now, I really do. I said that last week. I said I give it two weeks. I think my time table was probably correct. They'll drum his ass out. And of course, we know it's not political right. When you're a bunch of who is there anybody out there with a brain larger than a small thumbnail is there anybody out there who cares about anything other than somebody wearing a goddamn jock strap. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I want to I want to ask you a question. Explain to me about a speechman. I mean, splan spots speechmen. Yeah. Yeah. Why? I mean, why is that? I was first and I'll explain to you. Okay, Ricky. Ricky Ricardo there doing a little routine. Explain to me about speechmen. And then there's doublemen. Yeah, doublemen, which those twins, by the way, there's one for the president, one for Al Gore II. Double your pleasure. You know what that's all about? As in that's it. Double your pleasure. Double your fun. One of the couch in one's under run. That's what it's all about. And me go see in Habana with Videl and El Papa. I'm going to pick up a religion I think. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. How are you doing? Good. How are you? Okay. I wanted to bring a Billy Clinton again. Yeah. And say the question is not whether or not you have to dial off, but why can't he keep his pepper in his pants for the next two years? Yeah. Why does it bother you that he's getting late a lot? No, I think it's kind of strange that he just can't seem to keep it on their rap. Why is that strange? What man can't keep it under rap? Do you know any men who are other than Fags, who aren't interested in banging every chick that comes along? Even if they look back at you. Do you? Like who? I'm about a small man who is married. And I'm not talking about someone in power. I just mean any man. Any man who is married is not screwing around on the sorry. Are you married? Yes, I am married. Well, I sure hope that you force your husband use a lot of protection because one of these days if he has not already, he's going to bring him a real big surprise. I hope not. But you never know how long have he been married? Four or two years? Oh, two years while I explain it. Just wait, you're in for a real shock. But I was just wondering why Bill just can't save it. Can't save it for what? Like in a jar, like in a big, out of a jar? Why does he have to carve out an intuit? It wouldn't even be an engine. I think the outpages are all true. I think you ought to be proud of me. At least a lot of the stuff was just phone sex over the phone. Okay? Maybe he's saving that in a jar. I don't know. Why do anybody be concerned about the president's banana business? Why does that concern you? I mean, if he was doing it with miners or something, then of course we throw his ass in jail. But then everybody's talking about, well, she was only 21 years ago. What's wrong with the 54, 50 year old guy doing it with somebody who's 21? What's wrong with that? Well, follow him not doing it. Huh? What's wrong with him not doing it? Oh, maybe he wants to do it, but, at least, what's wrong with that? Would you want a president who's not interested in sex? Why can't he be interested with his wife? And what you've seen her haven't you? She's got a nice ass. Oh, okay. Well, thank God. Thank God for that. I'm glad you could find somebody who could relate to sweet. All right. She's got a nice ass. Maybe he's not into ass. Maybe he's more concerned about her. Plus. She's got a real party now. Yeah. Maybe he's more concerned about her. Plus. My God, what is wrong with you? Don't understand these people are from Arkansas? She's got a nice ass. How do you know, you've seen her ass? Well, I know my sister all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too. Will my daddy is my uncle, Joe, my mother is my dear and I hope he just very play with you. See, my first cousin is me. That's what we need to do. The other scene that we'll part in office like Regan who even if he did, he couldn't remember anyway. In fact, I don't think he remembers where to stick it. As in rectum, right? He forgot. That's when auntie says, just say no. I mean, this brought here. She was hysterical. Why can't he just not do it? Give me a break like can he not do it or for Christ's sake, Psalm mighty. Just like the Pope. I would be surprised at the Pope and Fidel had a little something going on there myself. They look pretty damn chummy by the time he left the he had a big smile on his old wrinkled up post. And his face too. Oh, my God, she is in for the shocker her life this poor broad man. Oh, but she's been married all the two years. She knows that more moral married guys, they don't screw around on the side. That's fucking bitch. Right. Who'd know wants to be married to some moral right boring. The word is boring. You're looking for us. We aren't. And I guarantee he's getting plenty. Probably right now. Love your think he's at work. He's probably doing everything that moves. We're he because after all. And that's what it's all about. Isn't it money power and sex? That's what life is all about. Unless you're out golfing in which it's food, money power and sex in that order. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello, lady in Miami going once. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. You're going to ask you something. Well, I'd say hello to you this afternoon. I was just to the radio. I was just to the radio. My apartment is for me to listen to this. But I would want to say it. It's got his portion to you. Yes. I'm about to call the police. But I'm tired of hearing about this Clinton crap. If Mrs Clinton is not worried about it, why should we be there? No, she's worried about her not. She's not. I'm a woman. Right, you can mention it. Not. She's not worried about it. She's not worried about it. Another one. We're just getting the women. Women don't care whether there has been their school in a round. No, pay the bills. Oh, there you go. There's a bill. No, no, no. Now we're talking. That's right. Who's talking? And I'm tired of channel four. It's 17 all of a uncutting. If you're in a about it, I'm an average working woman. But I'm tired of hearing about this Clinton. And who's the police? You're ruining who's not going. Right. Let's get all with better things. Child care. Okay. Hunger. Uh-huh. This was born on the cross-deceived. Yeah. Let's say more attention to that. Okay. That's a priority right now. How about bombing your rack? That sounds good to me. Yeah, that's that's great. That's how far it on that. Yeah, that's great. I'm with you. And this is Emerson Michele Olegaco. All right. All right. Thanks. I think you're talking about Michele Gillen. I'm all for that. Just send a rest over there and leave it there. We got the, see, the reason I'm pumping the numbers so much today is because we're going to got like a half a line working. And when we go to what there's nobody there anyway, because the phones all screwed up. Not that I want to make a big song to dance about this. But I might be out six with next couple of weeks. Since all of this stuff should have been done before we started here. But again, these people, man, like I told you before, nothing moves them. Love or money or threats or illegal on nothing. Absolutely nothing moves this outfit. Just like those great TV spots we're still waiting to see. Now they're working on getting those picture cards. Finally, after I belly ached and bitched and screamed and haulered. But of course, that might require an expense. We've got a photographer coming in here to take the same old stupid ugly picture. What the hell do I care what it looks like? Just something to scribble on, man. Oh, my, you know, George had a very, very interesting observation in a while ago, which you may have heard if you run whole, which is where they only good stuff on his show comes is there. When you run phone during home, when we're talking back and forth on the intercom, which goes on the year. And that is when he first started working for this second rate horse and buggy outfit back in May or June after we got our walking papers from IOD. And I got paid off and he did not, so we had to like have a meaningful almost employment. W-I-O-D. Oh, I hate that station. And he started being the production ace for several months. And he came in and he kind of looked around with his joint and he would start bringing up things like that were like ordinary, one of the middle things is people in the radio business would understand and do and they would look at him like, huh, what language would you be speaking? Like what you'd be talking about, man? What's that? With a major reality check. Like you remember an exultant. I'm not going to knock him because he's a great guy and he looks good. And his wife is very nice, Jennifer. And then we went to the interview of the night at Petalumus, had a great meal on Friday night. But when I said something about the log, I thought, I think he thought I was getting personal. And he said, oh, you mean the thing that the commercials are listed? I said, yeah, there you go. And he's one of the brighter guys we got around here, okay? I said show me your log and she kind of got a turn beat red. Oh man, it's like, oh, this is radio. I thought it was a Chinese laundry. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello, now. Yes. You know what the difference is between Clinton and all the other past presidents. Besides his being dumb, what is that? No, the place in the corner out. This because he's not as bad as who went around is no different. He know exactly. The only is failed to cover it up nicely. And he only differences. There's there's 45,000 talk shows and 50,000 media with cameras and microphones. Of course. And that's the difference. Yeah, let me think about it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But when Kennedy was going around in the White House, there was, you know, what was there? Sam Donaldson and that old Bill. Everybody knew about it and nobody said anything. And that's the way it was. But now there's no respect. Everything is tabloid journalism and we and the American public really believes they got to write to know what his thing looks like. Not a wanted a what his thing, but believe me, that would be the last one I never want to see. It really doesn't matter though. I mean, like I got caught big deal. Everyone does it. Everyone does it. Not to clear that the young lady had called early in the show. Do you hear her? She went into the military for two years. Oh, well, moral men don't screw around. I just was willing for a real surprise on me. I just thought her husband's growing around over here in Kendall. Probably. I got a wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait. I just have a quick question. Yes, go ahead. Do you think that you think the pope, the way he was shaken over in kill, but you think you would give a good hand drop? Have a great day now. Only Fidel would know for sure. Men of God don't do such things. They don't spill their seed on the ground. Maybe that's why they were those long gowns. This is five, 60. You. A. Yeah. Where have an aballence again? Nine. Everybody is happy. Yeah. What are you saying? All right, say hi to me. Try to take a hold. I promise. Everybody is helping the gay guy. Why even though what? You won't stop for sure. Yes, I'll go home for a surprise. I'm so sorry. So go ahead and sit that ground. I. Yes, sir. It's like a gay guy. Everybody. One so far. Yeah. Who look for those flowers? Oh. You don't know ladies. We're up and on. Everybody. Yeah. I'm a gay guy. Me. You. I'm a gay guy. I'm a gay guy. I'm a gay guy. I'm a gay guy. I'm a gay guy. I'm a gay guy. Here's some lies, huh? Hello. You like you back through the wich way with a dying? Yeah. How are you? Okay. Have you noticed I was a dying? What more are tied in the most of you? Guitos are. How come everything? You sound like a holy or anyway? Yeah. What happened? Which half? Half of my pants that you want in your mouth. Yeah. Listen, welcome. Everybody can get a refer to almost sexual sex. We're dead. Every other word out of your mouth has been. I can't wait to get on here. I know it was a spick. I know it was a spick. It's such a sick and sick to hide. I think we should get a touch and stuff. Kind of a bow. They can't if it's that they like die. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Well, on just a second. Because here's the story. Here's the latest inside story. Forget about the president scandal. We got a scandal going on here at QA and that's 100 times worse. And that is that we have promos, which are we Georgia's requested to put together, daily promos for this show. For interesting clips of what happened on the previous day show, that we play on here, which might entice and encourage other people to listen to the show, which is called a promo, rhymes with in this business. Okay. Now, amazingly enough, we found out last week through planned-est in sources that there was a certain somebody I won't mention on name. Hey, stop. That keeps screaming at his board. I'm not the place certain of our promos because they tend to be a little too titillating a little bit too asexual for that very passive, a cuts-to-pated sports audience. That only wants to hear if Fredonia High is going to be late for you by 10 points in the soccer game. And that kind of like frosted my soul a bit, because in all the years I've been on the year, I never heard of anybody censoring promos that run an air show. It's just part of the station business. And they're on there. We find out that a great promo that George put together from Friday or Thursday when we had El Golgstein on here, that this promo also was conspicuously disappeared, which was supposed to be running, but hasn't been running it didn't run all this morning. On the worst thing. Possibly the weekend. Maybe he didn't run on a weekend either. And here it is. What is that thing in sports? What is that thing in sports? Where there's this tremendous, feely touchy, and he and people don't want to think about it. Then it becomes very new. No way, M before 10 and after two, you're all a bunch of faggot. You're naked. You're taking a shower. That's a gay club you moron. You're in a fair club. You're looking for glory holes. The Miami Dolphin Bat House. It's your family's. You're a family's sexual's. You're a family's. You are faggot. It's a really hot day. Okay, that's it. So that was the promo that was supposed to be running with a great hysterical alcohol scene. And I guess we didn't want to rub the sports, but don't they think that those people have any sense of humor whatsoever? And I didn't know. Okay. Thank you. I've been working in my life. I've never worked on a radio station where the people are so embarrassed to have this show on a station. They're very happy to have their revenue coming in. And they're hoping that a lot of big rain use comes so we're in here. But their embarrassed is held to have this station on. Which I don't understand because most of the people around here are fags anyway. God. Except for Joe. Well, he's Italian. So it's kind of like half and half. Here's Halea. Hello. Let's get with a guy. Hello. Yes, sir. You're right. That's quick. You're of course. They're doing a quick thing. Do you have a good weekend? Great. Real quick. I don't even know there was any weekend. It went fast. It went by like, reached lighter show. They went for a boat on the news. Yeah. And they're working with the 45 talking head shows yesterday. Yeah. I went to my mom's house yesterday and I'm happy to, you know, the purple, the you know, I'm a steak. What can I say? Well, anyways. I think the hokey to the print and the hokey to the hokey to the silver bill and the hokey to the town. And it's called to me. Is that money makes the world go around? Oh, I have a thing. This hang up with section this country. I got all of it. It's the sanctity of the marriage. I'll get out of here when I crap. I mean, what are we talking about here? Next we're going to be hearing about the president's involvement. That'll be next. We'll be the first time though. We're hitting her about that when I was now had a heart attack in 1950, six or whatever the hell it was before most of you were born. Presidentized now has a heart attack. He's in the hospital and the press reports very doodily if you pardon that expression that presidentized now had a good involvement that day. And I'm not making that up either. That's the God damn on his truth. The president had a good ball. I'm surprised it didn't pick through and see if any corn the week before. I mean, we're talking the media man are out of their freaking minds. And just like whoever made these choices yesterday to inflict upon everybody who doesn't have a satellite dish that Pope Peroni business down there in Cuba for hours and hours and hours like this was a news event and just glowing and peeing all over this thing. They're like, oh, I hate to break the news. The Pope is a Catholic, okay? The Catholics are a religion out of hundreds and hundreds and thousands of cults. It is not a Catholic country. It's not a Catholic world. Although they're trying like crazy to reproduce enough to make it that way. But it's not. He's not some great world leader. He's a God damn phony piece of crap is what is he's a dottering old fool preaching hateful crap from the Stone Age. And nobody there in the media's got the ball to say anything like that. Like this was some glorious blessed event. And what a coincidence was that we had all these thousands of screaming people out there because we know in Cuba those people are so free nothing is ever orchestrated. They were there because their emotions drove them to be there. Viva la papa, Viva la papa. They thought they were handing out poppets. That's why they all shared that. Yeah, right. Poppets. That's what they thought they were handing out. Malala papa. Who up with them both? And now Antler Records proudly presents the greatest hits of Simon and fooling cold. We have you done for this day in the desert. Tassia, you're his only widow. Yes Simon and Bowie cold. Who, who, who recorded live in Central Park and Frostbite Falls the music of Hall Simon, the lyrics of Mr. Noigh Hall. I know the radio, dated but I'm nothing more than animation. You know, he's dead to the moon. Simon and Bowie and Cole's greatest hits. I had a mouth. Oh, yes, baby. Oh, yes, it is Hall but it's not art. It rocks you the thing. Because movies, neighbors, like, unfortunately. Simon and Bowie cold's greatest hits. Now, available at Mr. Bebite, he's record and dead. That's what all the good stuff was. The 60s and the 70s. I'm not talking about the drugs in the 60s because I missed out on that. But I mean, just good stuff. The 60s and 70s and the 80s we got Reagan and Bush nearby started getting like a really jaded and all been out of shape around the edges. Very materialistic. And then the 90s came and got only knows what this is all about. We got the goddamn Pope over there in Cuba. But I understand that there are many people very distressed. I don't understand what I just get that feeling. I just get the vibes. Psychic vibrations that there are many people who are upset that I won't jump on at Van Wagon and you're right. I won't. What it is, Grace, that this man brings this empty stone age rhetoric to an island of starving, desperate oppressed people and gives the luxury to everybody including this country and give it a start in the dictate foreign policy for the entire world. Let me say it again. He's a hot shot from the Catholic church. Nobody elected him. He's a dictator of his own sort. He's a dictator. Probably elected to God damn Pope. Oh, well, the cardinals elected him. I didn't think baseball seen and started the cardinals. I got your cardinals right over here, Mr. and Chuck Noblock ain't playing for the cardinals. Here's Miami. Hello. I knew I'm going to be as high you know. It's funny that you hit the nail mad at the day saying that this country has a fascination with voyeurism and it's crazy what they're doing to President Clinton. It's ridiculous when it's getting this far. And Chicelina would never have gotten this far in this country in politics that she did medley based upon this stupid pure tannigwatt who's the people here. I just thought that you hit the nail on the head that people were too much of a busy body and the meat. Because they're juvenile. Don't you understand they're so easily titulated as if this is some great shock and surprise. And the media are right there to exploit it and bring out every facet of it and milk it and put on every kind of rumor in in you window. I go with news. I mean, this is the last three or four days has been the greatest example of how you're responsible of media are. Airby, airby piece of gossip. I mean, I got news for it. Haralda with those gossip shows he does with Cindy Adams and Mike Walker and all those other glam. Forget about that. His show is peanuts compared to what the so-called legitimate networks are doing. And it's a gossip. It's a gossip. Man, they're in our feed. It's a bad guy. You know, came out now because it's totally true. Do you remember three mile a while? What was the name of the movie? What about the China? China? China's the China Syndrome with Jack Lemon and Henry find it right? Right. And that came out. And right when that movie came out, we had the three mile island meltdown and see no coincidence. Man, those people in Hollywood and the wedding thing. I bet you Jack Walsk had something to do with it. But if you know, I think that that's perfect timing. Just ironic how the media machine already did the princess Diana thing. Now they got to pick up a new bomb. There you go. I think OJ for starting in Manson, so J, if we don't have some big ball to squeeze all the time, we just, their life is worth a crap. Well, in closing, I'm going on that cruise that didn't get to go to came in this week. They're actually next for next week. So I'll give you a review call and get back. Well, I could just want to hear what's going on there. I have a great day, pal. All right. Oh, by the way, speak out of that. Speaking of thanks, stuff. I'll get that one guy all upset that spit out there that's self-hating. I get judge orders name me to keep sailor. How do you like that? How do you like that? Because there were no zin' around. It wasn't a question of don't ask, don't tell. It was a question that we're going to ask. And then we're going to throw your ass out as well as all about. Hey, balala? Exactly. A federal judge blocked the Navy on Monday from discharging a senior chief petty officer for a homosexuality, cast the getting military officials for launching a search into storm. It should against him based on information obtained from an online service and a blistering attack on the Navy's handling of the case. US district judge Stanley Sporkon. The service had violated not only Pentagon guidelines for investigating suspected homosexuals, but also federal statutes, meant to protect the privacy of electronic internet users. You know what this is, the Navy guy's name is, by the way. He's got very interesting. His name is Timothy Armigve. Bad name pal. I mean, good decision, but bad name. The granted him a temporary injunction and allows him remain unacted duty to the case can be heard fully in court, but Sporkon also made it clear his view. The Navy has no chance of winning the ass argument based on the evidence so far. He included an impassioned plea for greater acceptance of gays in the ranks urging the military to move beyond this vestige of discrimination and misconception of gay men and women, who which we say it's about time. Every other goddamn civilized country in the world, even those uptight Canadians men have got fags in the military, but not the US. Well, just pretend you're not. Okay, just don't tell us. But even if you don't tell us, we'll start sneaking around on your diary and on the internet and on the audio one, that every other goddamn thing will find out and then we'll all weed you out of there because Jay Edgar Hoover, who've arrested in PCD pretty pissed off about this. That's faggot. See, this is what need, what are people going to wake up and step the panties in this country already for Christ's sakes? Fags, investigating other fags. That's basically what this stuff is all about. And like that Pete Williams son of a bitch who got hired by NBC, the former Pentagon spokesman during a Gulf War. Everybody remember Pete Williams, who was on there under that Don't Ask Don't Tell Bull Crap? Yeah, Pete Williams, Petey Bird. A real fruit fly. If there ever was one outed by the advocate, a real scream or if there ever was one is faggot son of a bitch. And he's a ner, oh yeah, I'm fully in accord with you. They're good, right? Let's have a winch on everybody else, but let's just leave poor Petey alone. Okay, to do his whatever he's doing. Suck it and whatever. Brimes with it. We have a celebrity fagg you collar on the line. Oh, you know, hold on one second. I get someone at the do it. Just he went back and said, wait. What is this? He's got somebody at the door. This guy's worse than the people that put us on a hold. He calls me from Los Angeles long distance on the bat line. He's got somebody at the door. Neil? Yes. I'm starving no way and I just got my pedal back. You guys can put a death stick in the on the back. You got you one, what is it? I'm getting my, I'm getting more food delivered. Shut up. Let's, rages. No, just a bit. I want to tell you something after you called me, I was taken a nap after the early hockey in Saturday. I'm lying there at 630 in the phone rings and it's this fat shoe from Los Angeles. And he starts talking to food, of course. When he starts, tell me he's got the house, I don't know how to refer to Rose. I'll just say Rose. She brought a friend, yeah, a friend. 143 candy bars back from Toronto, your friend for my friend John. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. And now I hang up the phone and I out of a sound nap, I put up and like like an automaton. I give, I put on my shoes. I get in the car and I go to public's looking for a red and Jerry's fish food, which because I talked about it with you on a year, there is none left, of course. So I get two kinds of Ben and Jerry's other flavors and go home and eat a quarter ice cream. So I hope you get to be 400 pounds every night for three nights. I've had fish food. It is the most wonderful ice cream. I've had the carmel that that white marshmallows, those chocolate fishes. I'm going to be bad. That's right. Was I right? It is delicious. Put them the word. It's because I bought the kind of lonely flavor. I bought jelly peanut butter. You know what? Holy can only. Holy can only. That which is good. Those moon nuts. And then I went back to the public job, which I still have in the freezer. But I want to get you hot. Here's what's waiting for you in the pump and the one dozen of crunchy. I'm not eating any of this. I'm not eating any of this. I'm diabetic. I'm on a very, if I had one week of eating, it's closer to me. If I had one week of eating the way that you do every day of your life, I'd be in a box. You could send me flowers. But if you die, it'll be, I will save. I will save the endangered species, cool fish food. Yeah. But okay, I have a dozen. Why don't you try dying first, then you'll leave some over for me. I have a dozen cherry blossom. A dozen smarties and a dozen flakes. Or weight all chadberry. Or weighty and powerful. Beautiful. So it's just a reminder. I remember. Okay. What about the present of getting all these blood jobs from the young Jewish chick? In the name of Jesus, I'll leave those with you know. Probably girls with like some Barbara's rice and we always call them B.J. girls. So she wouldn't pick him up unless you should get her a lease. She's a big fat ugly. She looks like my first wife. She's probably his first wife. She is so good. I did an editorial layer. I came up with the ultimate point of view to no one had the de-reasoned shelf. She's gone to college. She's been with him. That's in the family. He was by Jesus daughter. And I think I think he's the best reality. He was also doing the dog butch. Buddy. Buddy. Buddy. Buddy. Buddy. An ambition he dug a rope is doing her. I'm surprised you left out to pulp. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Nobody's that those for now. How are each the issue you're gonna love with two or three pages of transvestite fashions featuring the pulp. I hope dressed a hell of a lot better than a fashion he was worried and Cuba. Oh, he dressed his bed. You know, he's a state-wet-basic black. And he do any needs white, white pearls. Doesn't he? No. He's a nice pot. Yeah, I was fit in perfectly. He's the issue. Wait, but I'm here in LA and I'm thinking about you and thanks. I couldn't buy the ice cream in poppin' up his rose one left me. So I made it great for freedom on my LA. Maybe you can get a little hog and I was doing you can you can resurrect everywhere after the OJ thing that we did. They were seeing how fast it melts and much flavor it was, you know, in the coal. And maybe you could re-re-re-re-re-re-re-that test again. Well, you know, and you can do a test on each one of the flavors and find out how long it takes for them to melt. You know, I tell you, though, it's a bit of a weed joke, but you forget the aim of the poisonous. Remember the menandest murders. Of course. Well, if they were murdered, the mother's father because they were eating vanilla ice soup, and they were not sharing it with the boys. Exactly. You don't share ice. You're good. Well, especially if you have fish, but who now wants to share that? No, I would never. I'd rather die. But I want to thank you. I didn't know he died. You're for one year. Thanks to one evening with you. There you go. I've had ice cream every night. So, in other words, that a better food pusher than you are. Yes, excellent. If you want the Canadian candies, they're waiting for you in pop. Okay. I'll keep it in mind now. Take care of yourself. I'll be a good one. I'll be a good one. But you're not here. Me and you. But I don't think I've ruined that. I met a priest when I was living. He said he would say, my soul. But we made a deal to run away to heaven. And into it that room we'd be taking a stroll. Well, he was standing in his arms or where. So, me to bend over and say it prayer. But that was broken when that thank you man. I got my list of better preacher man behind the wreck's degree. Start looking. The next day I fell like a sinner. And I showed up to get communion. But on that young bed was in a way for ten days one day to drop in of my chin. Well, he was standing in his underwear. Tell me to bend over and say it prayer. Just look up. Old up is broken when that thank you man. I've gotten a list of better preacher man behind the wreck's degree. Yeah, he was standing in his underwear Tell me to bend over and say a prayer Pulled up his robins and they're thank you man I got molested by the preacher man Power and control that's what it's all about baby power and control with the religious suffriegs with a lot of doctors You know, they were that the thing that flock which rhymes with and And et cetera and politicians of course this is a bunch of who he like I said How come we haven't been playing that that's cuz it's on back number three Which I'm just too lazy to post ski around with that although it would be nice to go to that Get out of what that the back number four wants to do while I'm playing more on just just for the hell with okay We have two open lines at both in date 567.0560 and 556 the animal will one line here's Hylia hello Hylia no yes, sir. Hey. I'm the one who said there was no priest There was no gate in the priest. Yes, sir. You're still worked up. You're still listening which I can commend you for highly No, because I went here all the garbage keep talking about that Why no because you like the show. That's why. Oh, I don't yes you do you love it No, I thought well, why would anybody be that stupid? It's still be listening to the show like every day if they hate what's on a air Are you have any life at all? Yes, I do and what do you do do you work? Yes, I do I'm a undertake. Oh, that's perfect. I wonder what you're doing with those this okay? Uh-huh, okay, that's one Now we're starting to get to the heart of the matter here. Okay, uh-huh, okay, okay, okay? Okay, yeah, sure what's the problem? I'd you called me. I didn't call you. I don't have any problems Because you talk about I don't know You let the you it's okay the press that they have Now you're starting to get all been okay, but again Let's not start talking about the person okay. He's not a religious figure Let it go he's a sickle Liar how about Colonel Spelman was he a sickle that how those boys brought to the rectumary there in the limousines? There was nothing happening. How how about the covenant house? How about of the covenant house all over the country? I'm getting out of here. There was no poor bed like 8 a.m. 8,000 young kids Capaties, there was there was there was 50,000 kids Yeah, there was 400,000 guys that came forward and tested by they had no evidence We were no evidence. Yeah, they just all needed all the kids We're talking about a lot of lies, but it's all a lie, right? Yep, and your cat you're going to tell you what about it You got a problem with that. Why do you do it? I'll show you what you did from under the ground. Okay, you're gay. Yeah, and you know you're committing a sin by doing what? I haven't sex with you. How do you know I haven't sex with anybody? Well, just being gay. Are you wrong a book? Okay, are you writing a book? No. Yeah, so you're busy making judgments on me mr. Hot. Hot, hot sounds to me like you're so brainwashed. You need sake atricill. No, I don't and you're Not in the turf. There you go. That's right. There's no facts in the church. How do you know that? You are you an expert on a fagg? You know that you can use sniff amount? Yep How do y'all here we go? Here we go Yep, yep, and You've been working I've worked with it. I've been working. You've been working man. You're lost it. You're lost it. You're lost it. You're lost. I was trying to get you. I was trying to get you. It was a try. Holy old. But I hope you dig up a good sniff. Okay as in stify We have a red and stify. You criticize your own religion. He eats up put on a guy you couldn't even keep us straight There thing just some little holy or having a good time with himself and his boyfriend Baggett But thanks for these old facts in the church. Thanks for the great promo in the drop in two by the way sir We love it. Here's pepper pine. Hello. Yeah, and yeah, I got some of that guy It's that there's no fags in the church. Yes, sir. I see an altar boy. We will rise about 10 or 11 People fact in the church and the priest that that church you take us to basketball games and sometimes I don't know how I would get over its house and nothing ever happened to anything But he would always take kids on base portraits. Yeah, he told me that He used to like the reference and Even offered one. No, let me ask you how old were you with this time? I was I think six great So I guess I was about 11 or two. Oh, I heard for a year and I guess I didn't have to really know about five It's not a fact. It's just that the priest are friendly. That's all these, you know One occasion I to go in the shower my clothes on House and it'll be easy and try to get you take your clothes off. No, he said with the mart And I just he figured I'd take them off it if I did this he would have taken me on a baseball chip Around the world you almost said around the world. Yeah, yeah, it's like Cincinnati and And place and they go fact in the church first not that is why I couldn't believe in that guy called earlier And I think it was then and well, he's just in denial, you know, and I got a request okay Big black guy named Bob He's digging he's black. I'm not sure if he was been a big black guy named Ben. Well, we're the Cartet is on the rocks in America a car installing every 12 seconds What can you do to protect your car and expensive power alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen The plot will protect the valuables inside your car, but a big black guy named Ben Chan You to wait for McCarm or the For less than you pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you pay for the club You can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile you to wait for McCarm or the It's simple to use just lead the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out and he does the rest Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them You to wear from the car mother Listen to these testimonials from people who use I'll take black guy named Ben It's always nice to have someone to ride with although it really doesn't say much just you to wear from the car mother I'm proud of I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with it got him to protect my car It's the best investment I've ever made My name is it isn't that great there have been a lot of cars best I can't tell you how many times I've heard you to wear from the car mother Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car. Let's be sleep better as nice Go now 1 800 one big guy that's 1 800 one The IG GUI and instead of hearing this You'll hear this you'd a way from the car mother And now for your talking you better get your tapes rolled in a day boys and girls because the crap is gonna fly like I told the morning team Or like I told Joe the little dog in the morning team He's the only moment balls on it show by the way We thought that guilty was the only moment who was a smoothie on that show a little that I realized till this morning that the depot was just a pimped First of all before we get to that if I were El Presidente I'll tell you what I would do right now I am so sick and so tired of this crap of this sleeves of this tabloid garbage that is going on now And it is these right wing lunatics who've been trying for the last six years now to unseat this president as As many foibles as he's gotten he's got plenty of them and it's a bunch of bull crap If I were him I'll tell you exactly what I would do I would order the FBI as the chief law enforcement officer of the country Which El Presidente is I would order the FBI to arrest Kenneth Star and Monica Lewinsky today Have them both tried immediately for treason and high crimes against the government and Then I'd have them elected you to write on her all the wood 430 this afternoon How does that sound sounds good to me? I mean we're talking about the trashiest the most invasive the crudious garbage and I'll get my news week yesterday Which of course is just loaded with this sludge and here's a headline on one of the pages page 36 of this week's newsweek Explosive charges as in sports court that kind of explosion little play on words. They're okay Lewinsky said Clinton also liked phone sex and that she was keeping a dress Stained with his seaman. I'll never wash it again. She declared now isn't it gonna be beautiful? If we wind up having the anateest of the president to see if his seaman matches that on the dress that this slut is Allegedly hanging on do Exactly, who now we discover had a five year affair before she went as an intern the White House S can't really clad all the time that they'd keep sending your home by the way Before she went to the White House at as a 21 year old intern for five years She was sleeping around having a fair with another married guy and the affair went on until guess what his wife found out about it Very marginal looking guy too, by the way Really subhuman that they've had on the news this morning is this what America has come to? What other country in the world would tolerate this kind of sputiment and the media you people are insane you are out of your minds And by the way, I would take I would take end-of-star Monica Lewinsky and a wolf blitzer Stick those three in there and fry all the rasses what I would do right? Exactly out of your minds and they keep interviewing all these people around the country and they're saying we don't give a crap That's all personal we don't care who he's screwing with. We's doing how much semen She's got on her dress on her uh record is all we care about is like and our kids go to school and can we walk to streets and is the economy? Okay, and can we get a job? That's what most people care about and I mean this thing is just I'm just nauseated with it nauseated I wouldn't be surprised that the Clinton people are pulling the country today so to speak and you notice the timing to show you that not all bad things came out of there So to speak now he's nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize Because they figured if anybody knows how to get a good peace. There's the guy right Baba Leave him alone already for Christ say what a bunch of garbage talk about desperate scraping it She and of course her attorney this while William Ginsburg guy that gets on too many Jews involved this can be aggravated We got Ginsburg and Goldberg and Lewinsky and all these Jews involved in this well I go to my mother's for lunch yesterday She says oh it's so terrible she has to be Jewish oh and and then oral sex and then there's a pause and she looks at me Is it oh did I say something wrong? No ma most of us fangs are big on oral sex Okay, but quite frankly I don't really care what they're doing. Okay, but I say something wrong I'll oral sex fat and like Howard Kleinberg said to me at the game last night We know she's making a story up because Jewish women give an oral sex forget that Maybe for a credit card or something like that, but not just for the hell of it and then the news we call the news We think is amazing about how her mother was also a slut a slut a slut writing a columnist writing a column on Showbiz for the Hollywood reporter making of all his garbage about the private lives of three tenors Luchiana Pavrotte and Jose Carreras and Placito de Mingo and about the oh God first-hand research on the sex life of Placito de Mingo recounting descriptions of the opera singers or gasmic screams I mean this is what you call your really very functional family and they're ready to try to unseat the goddamn government Nice try Kenneth Stark straight to jail do not pass go do not collect 200 anything you asshole with you You're right wing fanatic idiot nice try you can happen and I am so I'm telling you I just can't I would like to eliminate which we won't do but all the breaks everything and just ramble on here until two o'clock I'm so pissed off. I've reached a great milestone in my life and it happened in the last 24 hours I had we need don't know where to start. I'm almost at the loss for words, but I'll start at the beginning Now it came in real early this morning. I have no idea why and I'm driving in and I'm listening to the Amorning show the worst team and of course the conversation turns to last night's Panthers Carolina hurricane game Okay, and I'm listening to the conversation and that turns to Brian Murray and his show yesterday morning He's a weekly two-day morning coach's show and the fact that deep according to DFO He had to take a lot of bladder all the bladder he had to put up with and of course Joe is the only one who's got the balls to say What are you talking about all of the calls released most of them seem to be on valid points and make a lot of sense And notice that Joe also held the coaches feet to the fire about certain matters too Like about Eddie and the robbing and how long do we wait on some of these guys? Etc. But unfortunately in this town we got mostly guys who believe that if you're gonna talk sports or whatever the subject is You have to kiss ass Number one as kissing is boring and just having the coach on every week to repeat the same old crap and the same old tired excuses Without anybody challenging it is so boring. It could put you into a coma Now I'm gonna give you a little idea about the difference one of the differences between You know as far as coaching style kind of know what goes on behind closed doors I only see the finished product out there and it's ice But when Doug McClain was the coach of this team and he could I do a lot of things about him I had plenty of criticisms about certain Favoritism among players which all coaches had and Doug could be a hard ass a hard head along with the rest of them But one thing that he had was a real good sense of humor and if you're regular long time listers You remember the many times when he would call us or we'd get him on the phone and he and I would disagree about Stubborns about this whatever and yell and scream at each other back and forth and at the end of it all he would laugh and we got a long fine Off the year not that I had a great relation I mean I'm not that I was like a personal friend, but he and I have a great respect for each other And I like the guy and he likes me and if Brian Marie and I realize it would go on through tough times now But if he's gonna be the coach in general manager of this team which he is right now and which he and built her way decided for the time being Then he's gonna have to take the criticism when his decisions don't turn out well and when the fans get sour and One thing I'm gonna tell you right now is that Neil Rogers isn't gonna be the scapego. Isn't gonna you know I took that year a little over year ago with the steel barns and Chris Wells deal Oh, it was that Neil Rogers that turned all the fans sour and he's saying all these terrible things You see it's really interesting the whole relationship I have with the Panthers which is almost done exist in anyway When we first got hockey in his town five years ago, I said oh, thank you Wayne you're a god So we found out we really all alike all about and and uh, yeah We got a hockey team and I whipped everybody up into a frenzy on planet even before we had a team I was the one guy in his town to talk to butter cuz I've been a hockey fan this year makes 40 years 40 years a Toronto Maple Leaf fan a lot of grief and a hockey fan and I love it It's not football. It's not baseball. It's not basketball It transcends any of those. It's like It's beyond that. It's more than a sport for those who really love it and know it and get in their blood Which I do and so for those first a couple years on the guy in here giving away tickets Banging and screaming and pleading come on get out there support the team and it's great It's that are what's so on and then who allot comes along the third year will mind up going with the stand-lick up finals in for two Solid months and George contested the fight of this because he was peaking all over himself for two solid months We love you, Pan the I gave up I basically sacrificed the entire program every day every single day To play the highlights to play those songs to because it was just I was wrapped up in it It was one of the probably the greatest thing that ever happened in this town since I've been here How many thousands of people did Neorodiers put in those seats? How much enthusiasm did he whip up in this town about hockey which most of these people didn't know about before? How many people have come up to me in the last five years and you're gonna say because of you that I'm here and yet if I'm not an Ascissor then I'm a bad guy and that's what happened What I questioned the stew bar and Jason Mully trade for Chris Wells who was a project, okay? Then all of a sudden that was a bad guy and I was playing the Mike Lane call every time stewed school or goal for the penguins Which you notice I don't do that anymore. We'd have a lot of a lot of tape But I didn't do that anymore because it's ancient history But I did that because it paint a lot of us who are big stew barns fans and you would have Contribution made of the team Brian Marie didn't like stew barns, okay? Doug McClain didn't trade stew barns in fact Don't explain didn't trade anybody else. He may not have liked certain other players He didn't make any trades because the general manager makes the trades and you remember and November of last year of A year ago November at the time that that deal was made This team was on the best start and there has to be even better than the previous year even better than the previous year when they went to the stand-up finals They walked away rousing start But because we were doing so well It's kind of an old radio thing that they took hey, hey, we're doing really pretty good. Let's mess with success Let's screw it up and I'm at the game last night and I'm gonna tell you here's a team that's been on the road for three weeks Lots of empty seats more empty seats more no shows last night than any game I can remember in a long time at least two years lots of empty seats and because I'm telling the way I see it Because I'm critical. Oh, I'm the bad guy so it must be because Neil Rogers is a bad guy He's turning the fan sour. You know, it's interesting when they went into a panic and they fired the coach because people were leaving early I wasn't even on the air then I was in Europe when I heard that Doug McLean got fired I wasn't even here then but somehow they'll rationalize that that's sort of a bitch bag I'm the QAM now He's the one responsible for the people booing bill Tory last night at that presentation for a Kirk Muller And you wanted to know and I was I was shocked that was amazed. I mean that was the most emotion we had from the crowd the whole night last night It was a coma coma crowd and with good reason but they booed him for rociously and you wanted to lie because they're pissed off Because they think Doug McLean got a raw deal They know he was a good guy. Yeah, he had his flaws. He wasn't perfect like anybody else and because they're real Disatisfied with the garbage they've been seen for the last few weeks to the last couple of months And like I said yesterday when you pay good money to go and see a sporting event whatever it is Whether it's a basketball game a hockey game to leave weeks volleyball you pay that money and hope that you might see I mean you're not gonna win all the time you're not gonna play great all the time You're gonna have some clockers, but you'll hope to go out and be entertained You hope that it's worth sitting on your ass for two or three hours and maybe getting some enjoyment out of it And these people obviously were not and then they come to the introduction of the team comes out on the ice and here's our I'd say about 12,000 people sitting in their seats and it's like Is sitting like that and then we go through the announcement of the starting lineup for the Panthers and even when they got to John Van Beesbrook who by the way were great last night. Bees are thank God for you sweetheart Even when they got to him, which usually at least when they announced number 34 John, but when they get to his name the crowd You know a shot not last night was less like that So maybe you're fooling guys who don't know the ratch from their elbow guys who would know a real hockey game Unless Eddie Jackman came back and was playing again from 25 years ago But you're not fooling the fans because now it's not like two three years ago See in the beginning they could say whatever they wanted because most of the people down here didn't understand again They knew nothing about it So they could tell you Eddie Joe Van Aski was gonna be in all star they could feed you all kinds of crap But now the fans have become more knowledgeable than I'll tell you Neil, what's icing they're not doing anything anymore They actually have some understanding of what it's all about so long before Neil Rogers ever came back on the air here They were getting the message that there'd be in sold of billog goods and a lot of mistakes are being made a lot of errors in judgment acquiring stiffs and In playing people who don't belong out there and in sitting people who quite frankly are playing well There are so you know, it's amazing to me. There are so many people with their heads deep inside the rectum Sector of the management of that hockey team. It's amazing. There isn't room left over for a hair God forbid that any of those people have to all forget it man that'll be at that'll be an explosion even even Monica never saw an explosion Scored score like that and that and that's the way they wanted That's the way the present regime I guess would like it They don't have a sense of humor. They don't take well the criticism. I mean, well, what's the purpose of having a coach or a player? Anybody on here for the public to talk to? I'm not saying you have to attack them assassinate them, lynch them But don't the people who pay the money to for the tickets to support this thing don't they have a right to an opinion? And let me also say this right off the bat so you get an idea where I'm going with this If anybody thinks that my being their friend permits them to tell me what I'm gonna say on the air That's not a friend. That's not a friendship when you think that you can tell me what I can and cannot say I'm here and if I say something that doesn't even have to do with you one year That has to do with somebody else and then you tell him and then you give me the cold shoulder and act like I've just Stab you in the back then that's not a friend. No, there's a guy who comes to the hockey games to everyone with a home games And has been for a long time, but I never paid much attention to him. Thanks by the way Andy for telling me about this And he's a guy that sits in our section. Good guy and This guy comes walking up this there's not seen him before and my friend John points him out to me last night It says take a look at the outfit on this guy and he wears like one of those, you know, name tags like officials and Hangers on the team like like he belongs there like some kind of a press pass and I look at this guy He is wearing and I was discussing this with George this morning to try to figure out what you call this outfit It was not a who-side shuckle like the great Mohammed Khan in the movie network But it was similar without the schmata on the head. I say it the dice she keep a dice she keep a dice she keep a dice sheksey a African outfit. They look like EDM in drag and As the game is going on all of a sudden Andy turns around and said boy did you see they outfit David Neil came up in the S and what? David Neil the hockey writer for the Miami hero. I said that was David J. Neil That was David J. Neil who was in that outfit And I said what is the purpose of that? I mean is he here as a reporter for the hero or is he representing Inboboy or something what did that and quite a conversation in suit which I won't repeat on the air for obvious reasons But I must tell you this David J. Neil what seemed to me that you know if an Orthodox you came to the game dressed in full It's one thing that little bini on the head which does I get it's crazy over that when they make the little kids worth But that's a bad book fairly on obtuse it But if they came there with their a tallest and they're to fill in and their Pace and all of that I would seem to me a little bit the bizarre if I came to the Marnite's game with two Would they with a pink chiffon dress on because I'm a fact that would seem I think people would look and say what be that? Are you out of your mind? So I just thought I would mention that because I found that very very very Extraordinary bizarre I think would be a very kind word to put it. What is the message there David J. Neil? Do you of course he works for the hero? So I think that answers the question here's a facts by the way that I just got It says I wanted to let you know something that happened on last night sports channel telecast It goes along with what you're talking about with a few minutes left in the game your good buddy rumors had something to the effect of Ryan Murray We received some unfair criticism this morning on a local talk show which I assumed he meant Murray show that morning He also repeated the comment to Brian Murray after the game on the air Thank you, sir for facting me that spy report Unfair criticism I didn't hear any unfair criticism yesterday in the 40 minutes as I heard of that hour I had some clown saying that Neil Rogers ought to be the general manager Which was a dead give away is to where he was coming from where the call came from But that's okay because I had encouraged people to call in I didn't say be rude be obnoxious give them unfair criticism I said hold his feet to the fire and then stedle us know the same old bullcrap Try to get some reasonable answers which of course they did not because they got the same story over and over and over again My robbies gonna be this and that he's gonna be but I'm not a bit but I'm gonna put it up can't do it Can't stick my head up anybody's ass and stick out the tongue? Sorry about that it gets mighty deep and even the proctologist told me the inside that back over it's real dark in there And if being friends with somebody means that I have to come on a year and temper my comments in my opinions Based on what they tell me to say, but that's not a friend So as of this morning I have to assume that my number of close good friends has diminished by two No, I don't have to assume I know that for a fact in my lifetime I have never ever had anyone that I was even a casual friend with whose friendship depended upon my saying certain things or not is the case Maybe on the year those are my opinions I like Brian Murray personally. I think is a hockey guy There are a lot of questions that need to be at I had dinner I bought this guy dinner two years ago and he said right across the table at Il Molino in plantation from me and made the comment It's too bad that Steve Iisman is such a little player. He'll never be a great player Now it's interesting. We got rid of Barnes. He was too small. We got rid of Strocha. He was too small now We got two small players in their both good ones. We got Ray Whitney by the way You notice his role is diminishing and that's the wax and you'll see more of that We got Ray Whitney and you know Cicerole. He'll be got a both play on the same line What is that all about and let me say it again? Neil Rogers was not on a radio when Doug McLean got the axe. It was long after that that I came back on the year I was an amster than reading the International Harold Tribune Refining out that Doug McLean has got fired after 23 games and I see now an organization that is basically Emotionally crumbling these people are cracking under this pressure I mean there's no question about that from the way I see it at the top levels at the intermediate levels at the broad casting level I see all these people just falling apart So what if we didn't make the play off? I mean it would be unfortunate We don't have that great of a team, but I mean you got to take the good with a bad and you got to take the criticism with the plot It's and I'll be there attending as a fan with my Maple Leaf jacket or Panther jacket depending on the mood as the case may be Not wearing a Hussard Shaco or a Yarmuka or a butchishmatha zone other than my Maple Leaf jacket Looking like the same usual slob fan that I am that's how I'll be there David J. Neil. What's your story? I I'm still in shock over that when Andy said to me that that's David J. Neil from the Harold coming here dressed it up like Kuntakintay I said what the hell is that all about? I can't say Kunta on the air. Sorry, sorry Monica This is 560 UAM This is sports radio 560 WQAM my amy fort waterdale Neil God No, I'm not just small and just tasteful the dolphins are cursing and man It's disgraceful because Brian caught send the rest of them must say The lungs are lovely toxins are microphone the jump button just can't seem to be left alone and all of this is because they like saying You But they play football badly How did the patriots pick their hands up on me? Well, they make it to the Super Bowl But with an attitude as bad as there is What if the tossing our hopes down the stairs? Oh, man I'm not just smiling, just tasteful the dolphins are cursing and man It's disgraceful because Brian caught send the rest of them are saying Now Yes, they're saying I'm not just I'm not just I'm not just I'm not just Here's a great fact another funny fact we get from this mic guy every day who's a supposedly a very devout catalyk who's very offended Well, listen to me day this goes back to what I said to begin the show today. Thank you Mike or narrowly I throw your faxes in the old shotgun, but today I'll make it exception because I did ask about people who are offended and in your case It's alleged very strongly you know if is enough he says it gets old. No, it does not get old. Well, it does get old along with the rest of your body I can name hundreds upon hundreds of heterosexual preseason, but he doesn't name one He doesn't name one in the facts come on Mike. Let's get another facts. Let's get one name when you have God in your life sex is not important Ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh my god good old sell a bit Mike I guess Anyways, as being gay is not looked down upon in the church unless you add on it just as if a straight male has sex outside of merges to sin in other words We don't hate the sinner. We just hate the sin right. That's what any of you any to said he wasn't even catalyk one question Say you are right about everything you ever said about God and I am wrong, but what harm did it do none? What if you were wrong and I am right? You want to face God with all those sins think about it a hundred million people can't be wrong. Right you tell him that I boy Mike There's another one of these great leaders. He's not a follower. He's a leader. He's an original original figure. What what's the harm? Okay, just to go along with the crowd could just in case let me cover my rectum. Oh, man Just burping and bouncing all over the place. We want to find out if your husband or wife girlfriend boyfriend whatever it is Is having oral sex with somebody else on the side or on their back or like standing up or what it is do you consider that adultery and We also would like to hear from some people from Arkansas because they have it not only have a different standard than most people would Miami. Hello How you doing sir? Well, real quick All sex is adultery. Why is that? What's that? Why is that? Well, I mean Is that it is only good? I mean ask your partner if it's okay for you to you know have oral sex with somebody else Ask my partner. I mean, you know if you're a woman as your husband if you're wife You know if you're a woman as you know if you're a husband as your wife Yeah, well, how come Bubba doesn't think it is is that an Arkansas thing? I don't know. I don't know But that's just you know I mean you know to me it is I mean I wouldn't want you know my girlfriend doing it and for sure She wouldn't want one of what you want me doing it with it. But do you think I guess it depends on whether you were doing it with a woman or a guy? I guess He was doing it with a guy. I think she might be They can a back. Yeah, well with a different person, you know, yeah, it's it's still the same thing. You know it's like kissing somebody else You know the same thing. Well kissing somebody else With her without tongue How about a little peck on the cheek? Yeah. Well, I mean we all know that we all know the common line there You know, but In any case I was just wondering you know One of the things that bothers me is that you know you remember Clarence Thomas and the pack would yes, how the feminist you know rally to get some and I don't see the same thing going on here and It really doesn't matter you know what Will your Republican or Democrat you know it's a five out of feminists whether to support women in whatever time of need and It is just what what does that mean? The women should be supporting this little slot this horror. Is that what you're saying? Well, they supported me to hell and it was fine, you know What's the comparison between Anita Hill who is a bright educated woman and who had a very legitimate story by the way? What she was a victim exactly she was a victim there. What was Monica Lewinsky the victim of here? She was she was hanging around. She was a group. He came dressed scantly clad. They had a sender home to change your clothing several times Of course, I was staying most of them. I guess But what was the comparison between Anita Hill and Monica Lewinsky? Well, you know when it comes time to not need a Hill was not Jewish by the way Well, when it comes time to to support someone I mean what kind of things do you take into consideration the fact that they're either What is she the victim of how is she been victimized? Well, she says that that Clinton went into the room or whatever and pulled out his pants as she was totally offended No, no, yeah, that's that's Paula Jones. That's not an eating you got you don't even get out of here. Sir. He got so many Oh man. That's Paula Jones My god I'm offended just by thinking about anybody showing it to Paula Jones. Maybe he said hey honey You know what your nose looks like she said what he said here I would it could anybody blame him for that at least there's some honesty in that hey honey Your nose looks just like this. This looks familiar to you. Yeah. That's what time I push. Oh my god This guy doesn't know Paula Jones from and she's also not Jewish by the way Paula Monica, so in other words the women should be coming to her aid because she's concocted this story Which still we don't know if it's true or not and all of a sudden she's a victim and years later years later She comes up with a story. That's the best part I like all these people are like always bitterly offended and abused and etc And they just keep real quiet about it because they've suffered all this trauma and our years later They come forward with these stories now. I can understand if sexual somebody has been actually sexually abused Like all those alter boys and they've suffered a real trauma and it's really screwed up their head They've gone through years like of a confused and delusion and they're terrified to come forward because people are gonna think there's some kind of like a Sheldon Kennedy story for example and by the way, I think he is well, that's beside the point There's a good example and I don't see any any of the feminists coming forward to support poor Sheldon Kennedy or Theo Flurry I read it those guys right Dean Elf right here's a mobile in Miami. Hello You come from Arkansas one time, but I used to come from Arkansas With a band you want your knee, but now you come from North Miami watching TV last night They were going through some of Monaco Luis these classmate. Yes, sir and After what really? Probably some of them too. Yes, she's a bodish. Oh, she's not Jewish. Oh, thank God Maybe she likes to rub Buddhist ball one I'm sure she was born Jewish, but in any rock talk So what does that mean that she's a Buddhist in other words the Buddhist to have got a good head on a Buddhist got a good head on his shoulder I guess the Buddhist don't have any problem with sex like the other yet. I'm sexual misconduct is one of the five presets of Sheila Oh, what? Okay, because that's what the president said. Oh, she it was pretty good. Well, thanks for the good news here And now all as he is can really take a deep sigh of there you go, ma. She's not Jewish She's a Buddhist and wasn't so bad it was only a roll sex. Oh, sorry. Did I say something wrong? Coral vehicles hello Hey, hey, do what okay, sir. I realized you know a lot of girls. I know they like it in the year in the year Yeah, because every time I put it around they turn their head Oh Not bad you think you think the thing Monica's gonna take it off for two million what I don't know how much this one's gonna cost now If they would have just taken care of Paul or for one by the individually we wouldn't have had to get to this point Yeah, she got a bad nose very bad Yeah, don't you think that of course we don't know what the president's penis looks like no, do I have any interest whatsoever And I will hope that most people don't but don't you think that her nose couldn't bear a strong resemblance? Oh, yeah Absolutely, I think they're related maybe effect. I think Paul could use a good hose a nose job I'd like to see Mark and make it though. She looks pretty hot. I like to see that big mouth Do you think she looks pretty hot? Yeah, man. He looks you got nice. He's got a full hat Plus she's got a real rabbit. I love it. You like a fat pit Okay, later. Thanks for the good news and Continues only only the media people are taking this all very seriously or even a little bit seriously And of course the right wingers who are just salivating and filming at them out. I think that's full money They're let's they're the ones that are just going eight shot over because they sense this great opportunity and guess what as usual You can already sense it that he just continues wiggling right away slippery will a man He just he can do it. You got a handed to a man from a distance But just handed to him because he can slip out of even the most intricate in the most involved deepest problems Only he can do that But we seriously are trying to find out from the women out there and you just won't fuck you won't give it up as they say on the Arsenio show and of course he's off the ear now if your husband or boyfriend if you found out that he was getting all sex from a Another person would it be worse if it were a man or another woman? Because you know what's going on you do know what's going on. There's a part of your mind that knows that you know A lot of admitted, but you know be on the shed over that no matter how grossed none In fact, probably the grosser and the ugly rears the better a chance that's what's going on just ask out gold steam Here's a lady in Pemberpine. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. The great deal. Yes, it is You know, I used to I really I listen to you show because it's crude good and I love it But the food are the better right so now is In a while people have crude yeah, I suppose so Anyway, you're question about Oral sex right well I'd be I feel very betrayed if my husband was having oral sex with someone else right Well, it would be worse if we were whether you found out it was from a man or a woman Well, I'd be definitely more shocked if it was from a man Yeah, I think it probably would be worse for sure. Yeah, just because well we've been married 23 years and Completely shocked if I found out he was now I'm really confused about by sexual I think that that word is wrong. I think I mean if you want it you got a bond I think no I think that if a man is having sex with another man and he also likes women I think he's a homosexual that likes women well I hate listen listen listen to the voice of experience. Okay. I can tell you for a fact that men Many not all obviously unfortunately, but men who are straight many of them enjoy oral sex from a homosexual from another man A bisexual whatever might be I don't think they ask a lot of questions at least I've never been asked any questions But at any rate and it doesn't make them gay really it doesn't make them buy doesn't make them gay Makes them horny years all that makes I think oh, yeah, yeah I can't that's confusing for me because for me if I went had oral sex to the woman I would couldn't do it to begin with but if I did I would I consider myself gay Yeah, but I think oral sex with the woman as opposed to oral sex with the man I think they're they're we're talking apples and oranges or some other fruits if you know what I'm saying This is a great deal of difference. Okay, if you follow my drift all right Well anyway, that's the way I feel you know you can get eight from oral sex that is correct So that's one of the big things with me. I don't want my husband messing around cuz I don't want to get AIDS Excellent excuse and besides how many men were condom when they're having oral sex none right absolutely none Maybe one in two billion and you can get oral eight from oral sex with man or a woman That's right. Well that's the way I just don't pull it out Have a great day sweetheart. You too So in other words, she don't want her husband does screw in a box. She's been married for 23 years and boy She's in for a bad so well, now that's wrong. He's I'm sure very very loyal and very dedicated And so he does get a little horny goes on those long trips running robot. He reposes you more To my cousin I was warm in our jeans. They are deforming my Facebook's like it was just a fire truck Like adding you papa thin Mary next to him Then out we came without much brains green teeth and all we're talking Red I love to drink that I'm marrying my own time living in a shack right down the road My brain sells their sperm and like a toast We're talking The song is really sick My clothes have lots of creases. I sleep with all my nieces I have just a room temperature I can Don't say I've got no class or I'll kick you with me ass Don't insult my sister or my mother or call my dad who is my daughter Our names are Boba and Freddy's Talking cousin Betty is in a teddy come down our road and we'll try you to a tree Deliverance was models after me We're talking This song is really sick We're talking This song is really sick So sick We're talking This song is really sick George is in for a weird surprise. I mean you're living somebody like you somebody is horny and a man of the world has even been in North Carolina I mean what are we talking about here in Italy and this is not something I'm making up because I'm some fat with swishpool thinking in Italy Especially in southern Italy the attitude about sexuality is on a part of men that as long as you're not on the receiving act of anal sex You are as straight as an arrow you are heterosexual You are not a fact it doesn't make any difference what the act is as long as you're not on a receiving effect That's not only in Italy. That's in many parts of Europe. It doesn't make you gay George, okay, and yes, they would do it again and again and again People fact in the church. So there you go little less in a for it. It goes to show you don't have to be so uptight because in the majority of the rest of the world Except the course for those chinks who are only uptight because they're very much oppressed and if anybody catches them off of your head And the one on your neck too. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I know what you do I will admit that One time a college student over at you. Yes, and man I tell you when they have them door-in-ported. I can't admit I am a straight guy I'm hot Puerto Rican and I have to make a muggles and stand on Puerto Rico. Yeah, which has And are you on the verge of being our first courageous caller today who's going to tell us that there's a I've stroked up about I'm a man I'm a man I meet over You know I don't find look you No past I also Moldem to the front member right now. I'm taller Gordon once it's my am a nice looking goat guy But I happen admit in some of the other guys. I know out there the street. Yeah, and one of the guys who did me or from a Catholic truth That's Now I am gonna choke today. Oh my god. Oh my god. Wow. Yeah, and how was it? You know I I happened. I was it sure was it okay? It was I tell you it was better than my girlfriend Oh my god Yeah, you know It was you know my girlfriend was there at the club and the guy came with his wife and it was bisexual Came with his wife. I'm well, yeah So you know a little bit back and it was the first time and I I have to admit it should happen again I don't think I would say no because he said that A woman know what you like but a guy always knows what it meant really What the guy knows what what that thing is all about Right, so I have to have some big call on us and Well congratulations, sir, if we had a million dollars in cash to give away you'd be the one to get it and I have to admit in closing I am 24 on the second five. I'm all right Thank you, no congratulations, sir. That's my hero right there. There's a real good viral straight that damn fact I can't stand now. That's a real upstanding see there you go George. What I tried and of course it happened to guide was a what do you say was a Catholic priest? Who did him in the missionary position something like that? That'll put that mic whatever his name that's stinko mic whatever that guy's name is that keeps him in the facts is right up against the wall. Oh, no God, he'll be he'll be running off to the church before 1230 he'll be over there confessing his oh machines Isn't that what they do they confess on their shins? Here's Hialia hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey I'm the one was the president of Catholic United for life. I want to tell you there's no case in the priest There's no fact in the church, right, okay? You're talking about that. Are you gonna be able to keep a straight post today or not? Yes, I am okay Are you gonna keep it straight? Yes, I am. I want your post You're the one who was talking about the priest the one you were saying that of putting he didn't think so him He was well, what do you mean they didn't do him what does that mean you didn't do him? They didn't do him you said well, they're doing but they said how you know if they did them You do him. Do you read newspapers? Yes, it's that a settlement was reached. What do you think that? What man? Oh, they just made that up now Give it a right to better material for next call. Oh, it's really suck. This is weak You're weak. No, you're gonna me. You're scared because the Catholic are the strongest organization The strongest organization. I thought it was a religion. Yes, uh-huh And we are the religion and we have an organization Let me ask you something did your boyfriend leave you is that way you're making all these calls You have a girlfriend, okay? You have a one. I have a girlfriend. Oh, okay I'm boyfriend. They're like you. We like to flung. I like the one a flung. Oh, the flung Now I don't prefer flung. Okay, especially our friends Canadians their group test can be hung up today People fact in the church. Okay. Nice to try pal. They're great. You're right yourself some better material next time. Okay pal He's got a girlfriend then Eddie. Oh, not that any sorry. Oh, but see I just I'm just a relentless bastard You're right. Just keep banging away in the position We're talking today. We're finding all these this great guys calling in we've had what 2000 call in Who said that they've had oral sex from men and that they enjoyed it and would like to do it again Here's a mobile in a four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir Let me try your something man. Hey, I mean, no, I'm trying to do a Cuban all day long So instead of problem I say brolling, you know like that. Yes, um, when I was growing up in Fort Loderdale Like when I was like 16 15 16 I looked older than I was yeah Oh, of course, I go to the assault bookstores for the you know the portable is it on that stuff when you were 15 or 16 Yeah, yeah, I'm like I'm like six to I'm not you know, it was big so yeah, sure they never gave me all the time So I know And I would go there, right, and I would be like I'd be watching movies and like I went to this one one time and I didn't realize they were like you know those glory holes You know glory holes and go you know what they are. Come on. Yes, I do. Yeah. Okay. Well, I didn't realize because it's dark in air course Of course, and You know I feel something like touch you and touch me. I'm like what's I help? And I sure who the glory hole so like the behavior to say I would like I stayed away from an appetite your section of the Booth of the established media and then if I was in an language it was a one-eyed healer monsters That would yeah, I probably would have was I didn't really see what I it was soft and you know It had you know, so thank God it was still soft right? Well, you know, I mean and so this is really embarrassing for me But yeah, I wanted to tell you but the only heading ahead and happening was I was in a golf bush door And I was looking up picking out the movies I wanted you know like to look at in the booth So yeah, I started heading into the booth and there's a black guy You know like like this year gay guys, you know like you're the gay guys They they like scam in there the way for somebody to come in and so you can do something. Yeah, yeah, so I Let them I'm getting ready to go to booth and it's black. I come to me. He looked like Really one of the old-time black guys. You know the movie is real black and his eyes are real balls Yeah, like Spencer, yeah, right right and it goes to me He goes I'm getting ready to go to both of those hey man Can I come in here with you and I go no man? I'm not into that and he goes oh shit Yeah, oh man and he goes I'll give you a you know a job and I go no man. Thanks. I'm not into that He goes I'll do it good and I go and you know Well, if you're gonna do it good, but come on in but yeah I never had the feeling so like I don't know if you believe me enough But that's yes, I do believe that what's why would anybody make up a story like this? No, I did make it up my old man had a salon a lot both boulevard Hair cutting salon so I'm gonna run gay guys I thought I mean I never I never felt like an NFL repulsive to me I just feel just a fraction of life that I just didn't have any Didn't want to describe to yeah, but I'll tell you one thing It's a genetic thing, but you know those black guys They didn't develop those big lips just by accident over the years. I keep it the far this looking away from being gay I mean, you look like a migrant worker. Well, that's very unusual because most black Fags tend to be like little richer. They're very very flamboyant I was kind of real-life screamers. I hate to generalize, but I would say 99 and 910 to black gay emails are like just real screamers Right, I was in Key West over the weekend with my wife and they're just like yeah, they got to wear ankle weight So it's been a ground. What they look good though? You guys are in credit. You know, most gay like black guys They look good because Louis Oliver was once tell me about that But I want where I fostered over here. It's all I'm telling have a great day Pound I can congratulations for having him for sending you very best So there's a story that like borders right on the edge of it Maybe they had mice or something in that joint. Okay. If I'll something squeezing through that little hole That's that's a good lesson. They of course in this down there aren't too many infected America generally They've taken the doors off the Booths the video booths and many of the adult establishment because God forbid even if people are in their alone We sure all want them to be doing nothing in there Do we I mean what the hell could they possibly be doing in there? Here's a mobile info lottery. Hello. Hey, man I know you know you're looking for people to call them defend the church I'm gonna try to do that. I don't know if I'm gonna defend the church about what? Well, you don't I say that what we're just say people who are offended about some of the things you say about the church Something like that and you know like you just made a comment about somebody about the money Some to give them money to the church and You know you gotta run right away things like that. I'm gonna say something one thing is is that like first of all It's like you blame the you blame what what the people do I guess I'm gonna go to the word on for what man's corruption You kind of you hold it against what I guess the Bible stands for stuff like that. Sir. Don't even don't even bring me the Bible Okay, I will not debate the Bible with you It's a silly book written by primitive idiotic superstitious people I'm over you're talking about today 1998. We're talking about religious institutions big business Let's stick to that. I'll talk with you about that But I'm not gonna debate all these silly books. I mean Okay, I agree with you. But that's my dignity to get into that crap Okay, I agree with you with the still men's corruption Well, what does that mean what does that mean men's corruption? I mean how black was God that it was a telling people to kill a law? What is it? Is it ready? Is your ready you wanted it back? Now that's just the echo in this phone line George. Yeah, that's going on here It's a horse phone line. All right. Let me explain if if you got a priest and I agree There's a lot I want a priest. I agree a Catholic. Okay, and there's a latter screw-up priest up there I agree with that I didn't see them myself. I think I should be in all the more for like three months I got it I did you get out of there because there was one guy who was a son of a bitch who dropped all the time I couldn't stand them one of the priests and I get and I just said forget I can't do this anymore But you know, I I've never seen firsthand that these guys are dead and molest children I agree that that's it. But you're gonna take and blame because of that You're gonna say that the rest of them are gay. You know the human beings You can't what does that mean? That means it just because it was you bad apples. It wasn't what is being a bad apple half into it being gay I repressed that I've ever met in my life is gay and I am what are you talking about bad apples? I'm not condemning them for that. I'm condemning them for their hypocrisy That's what I'm talking about and also the fact that that heterosexual married couples or couples that are gonna get married or Single people go to them for sexual counseling and these people are busy on the other side of the The confessional they're thumping away getting there other rock-saw That's what I'm talking about and you know it as well as I do You know, but you don't know how you can say it. She won't very easily I just would you like me to say it again sir most of them maybe all of them Yeah, but you say it. Did you get a saying we didn't know post today? You say every every pretty you met the fact That's right. How do you know that because there is the takes one and oh once you're I would bet every dime I got in the world. Well, you know I'm not to mention yeah, I said that the Catholic religion is fairly corrupt So we're gonna be talking about what is the point What is this point Halfway because you're gonna move phone maybe you're priestal buying new phone because that one really blows good out here I kept them on way too long because the quality of the phone was really horrendous But then if I would have cut them off they said see he has got somebody disagrees on there's gonna make a good boy He's cutting them off cut this cut the crap I mean we go through that hole and every time you try to have one of those conversations and I never said anything about having people defend the church That's not what I was talking about. I got this Mike's think oh guy that keeps sending me 400 Facts is here that evidently can't get over the fact he was molested by it A priest up time or whatever his problem might be I have no idea, but is obviously I just obsessed with his Catholicism if you don't like what I'm saying Mike So quit wasting the pet paper, okay? My god go find yourself a lot go take communion Rub your rosary beads. Let's take a wafer in your push go stick a couple of nickel wafer's in there. Get your blood sugar up God Man's corruption and man. Oh Jesus talk about a man who's got no gray matter left between his ears Just remember one thing sir. Take a fact in the church. It was a great chooser and pop Oh My The hang of the You think a big it long Hey Come play with my small You don't have the swallows. I have a large clause Aim with the fleas when you're going down on me Where is the sign of my on your legs My You By the way CNN, Mr. Howa Bernant you American people are and how they're not easily swayed before the president state of the union rest last night The poll was is does the president set a good moral example only 35% said yes after the speech 49% said yes He said to good oral oral moral it was it moral example or all example What are the other now 98% of them at all? Said yes the men women were little fifth off Andy Bliler a married 32 year old theater technician To Vancouver washing in school of arts and academics how the news conference Tuesday night to announce that he had a five-year affair Whittler winsky that little bitch and that she had bragged of a sexual relationship with the high ranking White House official Wilders lawyer Terry Jiles who did most of the talking said he and the bliler's went not to believe much of what the winsky told them because they considered her on truthful Kathy and Andy would both describe Monaco's having a pattern of twisting facts Especially to enhance her version of her own self image Jiles said Jiles said a winky told bliler She was having all sex with the high ranking White House official and was frustrated and agitated that was all he wanted He ended that she referred to the official as the creep the winsky me further the president as the creep on secretly Becorded tapes made by former White House colleague Linda trip the creep So are we starting to see a pattern of what this was all about in other words. She's a typical fat chick making up stories about how Roddy or love life is and everything like but even if what was true you see she was guilty And they finally tossed the ranch out because she was coming to work naked every day to go over the Pentagon They liked that over there. They'd like to send a missile a heat-ticking missile into you immediately and That was the end of that and so she felt you'll need to be trade and upset if this was all true and so not because she referred to him as the creep Is there any doubt that she was out to make a stimulus in a song and then and especially a stimulus because she's Jewish and oral sex to my Oh, sorry about that Sorry about that ma oh, you know, I'm not oral sex And so anyway the thing about Kelly Mitchell at Channel 7. I have a facts which I'm gonna know if this is true But it says they kicked her out of the anchors spot because she warned people to take their children out of the studio before she discussed Clinton sexual allegations on the newscast And they evidently had a little contract on their in the studio and she opened up a big person That was the end of Kelly Mitchell channel 7. How do you like that? Hey those kids want to hear about it coconut grow hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, what's going on? Did you hear I think I heard out of 1960 on the news? They said that this was any monocle bitch at the operator like a couple of a million to come out in penthouse and give a story in everything That's fucking bitch Like that a real slut a real major slut Who do want to see her put anyway in the exactly order face right? I put it like in big ones or something Okay, thanks for the good news talk about the low price spread here's a lady in my Miami. Hello Yeah, I'm calling you about it because you're taking it all the time about sex I wanted to know them don't give you sex or you retire What are you what are you saying man? What language are you speaking hello? Hello? What what what are you saying? What language are you speaking English? I think all languages Yeah, well, what did you just say? We would you like to hear your interpreter out of the closet for me and tell me what you just said? I say the you all the time speaking about the Routal well, let me ask you something on the news now when they're talking about monocle and the president What is that about is that about sex? What is it about the world affairs? I'm thinking about you. I don't talk about nobody else What is the what is the topic that is in the news? I think I think all so that a man you enjoy to be all sex that is a question You're giving oral sex man, you don't get it calling how the sex? Bye. Yeah, okay, go get a towel. She's probably had more In a remouth than Curtis got pills in Monica, Lewinsky, but she's less than baby She can tell you what I've been talking about all day long and since she says you always talk about this She's listening every day every single day But it compels her the spirit of Christ compelter like they said in the excess member that father Marin the spirit of Christ Compels you the spirit and they have a bunch of bull crap with us already, okay? Like David civil and the witch doctor once they start talking this religious cock on man It's enough to make you lose it. We're having a good time here today. We're having a hell of a good show and then all of a sudden these these Maniacs they started going to a heat because they started hearing all this stuff about priest and of course We all know that I mean that's no that's no big news that is that's as old as the hills and there's that's certain element Just like her. She goes off the defense. She may have actually been enjoying herself And have a good time with the show today until all of a sudden 70 said priest about I mean that I go by my she's going nuts out there Mobile in Miami when has taught this I do a nail great. Hey, I like to talk about your religious views I'm pretty happy that I didn't fucking something has the same views that I have it just It seems to me that whoever Can't cooperate with reality has to cope with religion You know there you go people who are weak people who are like little lemmings They don't have enough balls to deal with reality and with death and face the world the way it is Which is not that pleasant and so they have to have a crush that's exactly right sir Yeah, very weak people which is most people if you think about it most people that do turn to Christy Christian to end use to any of it. They're usually like recovering alcoholics or drug addict Oh, yeah, that's real prostitute for what have you know people that just can't cope a reality I just I'm glad that I finally have somebody that's on the radio and actually talking about these dudes Oh god exactly there you go All right, thanks a lot. You don't like talking God bless you my child. All right, okay don't sneeze. It's long overdue. There need to be about 10,000 of us who you know just talk it's not a question of anti-religion It's just talking common sense in talking reality and just trying to strike back at the stranglehold that all these big Corrupt businesses have on the brains of the human race and especially in his country You go to Western Europe and even though there are plenty of churches many of them very very old the attitudes of most people on religion Except in Northern Ireland where they're killing all over each other because of it the attitudes of most people is Ah, who cares? It's not a big deal. It's a bunch of bubble micees Which it is? Bubble micees like that old-spick woman a call to men to go just keep repeating that lady bubble micey bubble micey bubble micey That's it say it again Yeah, that's close enough for a start bubble micey just say that over and over again And stop giving and slept and giving your money and your energies to a lot of fairy tales So you can make a lot of fags and dresses richer and richer I'll tell you one thing now that they can't get any insurance anymore any liability insurance They may be not so where that's why they need more your money. That's why the folks run around say make a lot more babies We need your money because they keep getting all these lawsuits all these molestation suits and they keep settling them out of court in behind closed doors And in behind erect a Marine paid off millions and dollars so we know they must all be invalid or is that invalid? Hey, it's hot weather time On it On it Was the president please On it On it On your phone On your knees Was it ever or did he sin? This is why I thought it you spit Did he issue a sub-fer to wait On the night On the call You go Come to the other one The guy You're the third station With him on the phone From time you get started with a stiff But a retireder with the gas On the sun On the sun What's the dice you wish girl like you On it On it On it Where in a dress with President do you? Did you feel silly? And where you look dry To find out really was unsurced Com Sai Perfecto Rido Cheating Than a tiny smoke On the comonopon On the comonoponononononononononononononononononononononononononononononono On it comonoponononononononono Also speaking of Monica Lewinsky And you notice much much much much less to be said now Because Kenneth Stars getting kind of looked warm on this bitch You notice that And there may not even... there may not be any deal Because there may not be nothing there And maybe it's sold a lot of smoke That's fucking bitch That's why maybe she's only blowing smoke But anyway, if bury they should have been on the front page of the newspaper They'd be buried on page 10 A As they see in Toronto is these a couple of reassured paragraphs which should give you a pretty good idea where this whole thing lays and lies right now. It says in discussions with prosecutors that determine what a Lewinsky should be granted immunity from prosecution, Ginsburg, that's William Ginsburg her attorney, has not offered him to have his client make those statements at a lawyer involved in the case. One of the lawyers said that tapes indicate that Lewinsky now 24 characterized the president's remarks more as a suggestion and not a directive by any means. In other words, like maybe it would be a good idea not to let anybody know that you're sucking my, you know what I'm saying? And not a directive like go lie about it. I had said it right. You know this how the story keeps changing faster than Monica's panty that's changing like crazy. Also judge says maybe violated Don't Ask Don't Tell the ruling came amid accusations that the Navy is pushing senior petty chief officer Timothy Armored Bay would be punishing with the meaning jobs and exposing him to possible assault. In the first such ruling a federal judge said on Thursday that the Navy violated the military's Don't Ask Don't Tell Policy let it be dismissed to sail her for a homosexuality based on an anonymous online message. And it goes on and all and then of course they're going to appeal it and waste a lot of your taxpayer money. And the courts will finally say you're full of crap and pay him $50 million and don't pass go with federal. I really hope you use it on the year. I've been listening to you a m now for maybe 20 years at least at the living year for 40 years. I've never heard anything as disgusting as a newologist program. I've heard of me voice. It's on a graphic. I thought of my granddaughter of one of my kids looking to his door. I have to be a tell you frankly I am done listening to your station. This is a group of gross things I have ever heard and as far as I'm concerned. You're out of my book. Goodbye. As the days go on I think we must be accomplishing some tremendous things on this program because I'm noticing that there are like that guy we had on the V-mail there A tremendous number of people who are bitterly offended and deeply upset and What's the other word? Disgusted. Disgusted and offended. I was just upstairs. Several power people sales people and otherwise are getting of nox messages on their voice mail. Also just by association. Really just because we're in same building. All right. Excellent. So we must be doing because I've said before if you're on the air and you're not pissing off a lot of people and getting a lot of people really grossed out and Revolted and upset you're not doing anything. You're boring. You're just plain boring anybody can go on here I'd be boring anybody can go on here in kiss ass. But people on here and get everybody worked up into a frenzy and I noticed really last night at the hockey game at the Myemirina. I noticed before the game and in between periods when I was walking down the hallway to go take a leak and whatever else I noticed that even see it in the faces of people. There are a lot of people like you're always having to come up to me You know that I'm the hockey god the hockey maven and they're very appreciative of the fact that I've been speaking out for them And not just chilling like somebody's other people and then there's another gr- again, of course, they're whole bunch of people I haven't got any idea who I am which is fine and then there's another group of people who look at me like It's the epic right. It's that disgusting fact. Which I take tremendous pleasure when that I love that. I enjoy it tremendously So keep those up not just be nail messages coming and remember they will be played on the air But I get back I quite did you said I hope you do play this on here. He remembers 2 AM when it was When it was boring I remember that too like about 400 years ago When WQM and WFU and we're basically the only in stations that anybody cared about except for Wild which all the old far-tools to listen to Remember that station Wild oh, I hate that station and that was basically it that was your What about Wins? I and he was on here in those day jury, which there was there getting his wig stolen time at time again and freaking out about it Have it they weren't playing Abba do you think that jury witch there's wig is related to Bob Eisenberg Well, I have to check that out only Bob doesn't change color like Jerry's used to so yesterday We did this show when we were talking about oral sex because the President and Monica Lewinsky if nothing else they brought oral sex by me right into the forefoot of Americans society Everybody is looking in the into that so to speak and what why what why is it disgusting and Offensive if we talk about it here on the air when all the people on CNN MSNBC CNBC CBS ABC a Fox news They're all talking about it time magazine. I think I used to turn blow job or something like that Yeah, I think they did well, that's a legitimate forum and we're just a bunch of goofballs And we're gonna say it and then Twitter yeah, because we might actually enjoy it like the people at time magazine don't enjoy a good blow job right right See you can't deal with the truth we've got so many emotional cripples out there It's terrifying to me. It's very sad. Oh, I don't like what he says. Well, I don't care where the alike what I say But what I say happens to be pretty much on target and what I say also you won't hear anybody else in because like I told you the other day Most of more about your ass kisses why is it that so many people get very they they just become unglue when they hear things That challenge the preconceptions that they've been very satisfied the whole four years and years in years and somebody says well Guess what you're full of crap. Oh no, I can't be well Guess what you are you've been left on a garden pat you assholes see one other thing I want to make very clear and that is that those people who complain to the power 96 people Completed Regrid complain to the cleansing complain to this one this show ain't cool in anywhere Except straight to the top. That's where we're going. That's already there So you have choices, you know you can either continue listening and being pretend you're being aggravating You know you really like it you can turn it off on something else to do like a lot of play golf Would you be good for boring people who don't like this show or you can just like you know Just get in a car and just wander off the Hershey Highway somewhere and get out of our lives Nobody is forcing anyone to listen to this show But they're disgusted and they're revolting that are in good Excellent. This is such a goddamn boring town anyway if you can discuss and evolve people even that alone at least is making our juices flow a little bit That's all Monica was doing my god What those wrong with these up type? Prudish asshole people here's a day be hello. You know yes, sir. Hi one of the things though the reason I wanted to thank you And also to call you about this oral sex deal. Yes, I had heard about yesterday and was listening to you Of course and many years ago in a national fraternity that I belong to a lot of the pledges the guys that want to get into the fraternity They do several rituals and things and all kinds of crazy. Oh, yeah, but one of the nights they get together and they basically Collect money like a cover charge. They they show Poor no flex and whatever you they can pick up the V that was before the VCR's really there are all these the late millimetres or whatever they were right and they sell Booze there to the brothers and get everybody drunk to everybody's horny well they decided they were gonna bring in a couple of girls to relieve all these horny guys. They're about 20 or 30 guys there and I never had any oral sex from a man at least that if I have a you know that I know honestly But these two girls that came in they look great they gave oral sex to about 20 or 30 guys a couple of them went back in for seconds And the bottom line was at the end of the evening I found out they were men right there were men They were men and I don't know what wow and these guys went in for seconds So I don't know if that helped you guys find out about that after we're to well the pledges were scared to death They let the brothers know because they felt that you know They would be severely punished for that. Yeah, they did the macho a lot of the smotchow image You know and it didn't want we didn't want other fraternities to find out because there you go I think it proves that don't ask don't tell us probably pretty good idea exactly They did find out a couple of days later and most of the guys took it and stride and didn't think much about it They took it and stride But they did but they were To coin a phrase they were waxing the shaleelies pretty good that unbelievable thanks a lot pal What if you think you sir by buying having a good one there you go with your eyes closed who knows the difference for Turn it oh yeah, they do such silly things. What do you think they use a brief names and Greek letters? You're not talking about them are you here's a mobile and pop in a lot of Neil yes, sir Are you gonna grow up great last night? I was watching this movie on HBO You know talking about this brief thing all you know this week There was this movie called judgment. I don't know if you see it It was about this priest whom the left is a kid and then you know finally, you know they they they proved that he did it You see that you spoke about it. Well that was the one that was on the CDC first. I think I Don't know but I'm the same but That the end of the movie they had this caption where now the insured companies won't Right, I'm sure the church because this guy was sued on the Catholic church with suit for like What is point two five million and now they're like you know they're hanging out the drive these guys And I know it's just unbelievable. I think they need to really deal with this thing You know well they are dealing with it. They're paying off people behind people I mean they've been doing that for years. That's the right of dealing with it right in there in denial and every once in a while They're coming along to make a like a blanket apology and they say we're sorry that we did you on the blanket and That's their idea of dealing with it. They just they just continue being in denial 60 minutes to that piece with Mike Wallace of about five six years ago. What I show that so called rehab place in New Mexico or they said the priest to be rehabilitated and then they send us some other Some other Paris somewhere or for more of where they were in the first place and they go in a similar thing about your kids there It's it's just a like a shovel. You know, they just shovel them around different places for money when other and they just pretend It's not going on right well when I was growing up as a kid You know, I was I was sent to the Catholic church luckily I was smarter enough to You know not not not to become an all-the-boy and not to get into the I was even kicked out of Excellent congratulations. So I thought I brought I brought me after all the things we heard about Columbus High yesterday I mean got only knows what's going on. I turn around a lot to double also, so like I knew this one kid and He finally became the brook people when I was growing up as a kid this guy was A little strange. I was one of one. This deal was why did you become a brother? And I'm I think even now he's a priest I moved away from where you know We're at whatever you was, but I mean I've been living here for like 24 years now So you know, I guess this guy's a little he's an oddball congratulations, Dears sir All right, nearly take it out of there. What do you mean by that if you want a big This is sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Waterdale Gordon gives South Florida a major blow job Hey guys, if you're single and spend most of your night's learning your room. Why not work out? Get your drip it's easy with solo flex Son of flex is the high tech workout device that's affected because it works on one muscle at a time In fact it works on only one muscle But you can set it up in 20 different ways to work on that one muscle Yes, there's nothing like a session with solo flex to get sweaty and feel good about yourself Tommy are you in there? Hello What are you doing in there Tommy and when you're done or a winner ruptured The solo flex folds up quickly and hides in the back of your club Solo flex in the 90s working out alone is the safe and healthy way to go Come out for a free hand-zone demonstration. We got the mobile in Miami next. Hello Yes, sir. How are you today very well tremendous never been better? I listen I want to call it because I'm one of those guys who's had Both sexes give head and hi and Georgia the question bit my calling in. How do you like that? There we go For your listeners out there there's a different definite difference between a male and a female given head and what is that sir? Well, obviously guys know there no guys might the whole letter. That's my point and I also want to ask how many of the Catholics do you think you're gonna call it asking for those videos today? Oh my god. There's a fact in the turf definitely done I grew up here in my Emmy. I went to a Christian school and not come on a side God you're the one You're the one guy that didn't go to Columbus side that can talk about a story Actually I didn't but I wanted to call and in this kind of share that with you and your listeners. Thank you so much. I'm ready enjoyed it Hey, you have a good one and back to you. I wish I did the fact machine is very quiet They're just not gonna come out of the closet there and of course you let open up your big mouth about how we get the numbers What an asshole you are? We're not interested in tracing their numbers. We're not trying to intimidate We're just trying to force a little bit of honesty here, which is not gonna happen trust me We're not interested and I was who know we are not well you're not here's a mobile in the Hollywood hello in Hi, Alea hello. Hello. Yes, man. I just want to know why you're so mean What does that mean? What does that mean? Why are you sitting at home? I'm not why are you an asshole? I'm not a NASA. Why could you just be nice like all the gay guys? What about it? It'd be nice about what what are you talking about? I'm talking about you Why what is not nice? I'm one of the nicest people you'd ever know. Do you know me if you ever met me? I? I know you through the radio. Yeah, this is a radio show Do you know the difference between a radio show which is entertainment and real life or you want those people who so stupid that you don't I know the difference. So what are you talking about? I'm talking about you Yeah, so why do you listen to the show if you don't like what I do on here? Why can't you see my second? I want to ask you again. Why do you listen to the show? Answer my question. No answer my question. Why do you listen to rather than call me and tell me how to be? I just listening and you just like an asshole What are you listening for that makes you an asshole if you keep listening long enough to call in here? I'm thinking how about you? What is it? What is it? I don't know what you got to call me. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. That's some kind of, you're not even at the sandbox level. You're an asshole. Oh, you're a big asshole. Get out of here. You silly bitch. She just happened to be listening. You listen to the show where we damn day sweetheart. Every day my holy friend and a guarantee if I had tickets here for a weekend at Glaciers or Luis Miguel or Julio Iglesias or Ricky Martin or some spixinger about there. I guarantee you to be sucking around here like I was the greatest thing since sliced guayaberas. Whatever the hell that is. And if you don't want to wear them, eat them. Is what I say. Eat this. I can't you be sitting at Cali at a gay guy. Yeah, all the gay guys I know are real sweetheart. Okay, I know some gay people would like eat you up for breakfast. Not literally of course. Man, oh man. What a stupid stupid. There you go. One year is one of those ones you were talking about yesterday. Right. I try to tell you. Oh my god. Probably got a big fat ass. Two no doubt. Well that's the best part of the day. That's what I'm thinking. Here's Miami. Hello. No. Yes sir. First of all, I'd like to thank you for the shirt. I got a couple weeks ago from you. Thank you very much. Oh that Dick and the cider t-shirt? Yeah. Well you're certainly welcome sir. We're in good health. Okay, and I got a story for you about the men pleasing men thing and I'll get as I hear the say doesn't happen. Okay. Okay, you know those little keep show rooms that go at the end of the book store. Right? Okay, but a year and a half ago I'm inside of one. Now please don't tell me there was a glory hole in the wall because I'm not old enough to hear these stories. Well there was a glory hole in the wall. Oh I did it. I did not know what I did. I did not know what this was at the time I was in there. I'm in there for you. I think they were like mice in the place or something. Oh I didn't see it. Like I didn't notice it. You know I just went in there. Right. And I'm in there and about what were you doing in there? I was. But you can you can use your imagination. Okay. Okay. And I'm watching and I'm watching. I'm looking through about two minutes after I'm in there. Something pops through the glory hole. Definitely mouse. Yeah definitely a mall. Hold it at mouse and it was dark-complexed. Did it want to know what was in the next room? Sure. Needless to say I just closed the door. Oh man. And I got out of there in a second. Yeah. This place happened to be about two blocks from Columbus senior high school. And maybe it was father O.J. Oh man. Oh man. Let me tell you. I don't know if they were cute with me. They love you but they're all afraid to call you. Well at least they got that other bit share. They got her beat by about 100 yards. So let me tell you. They back out of an animal. Well I like to call the shower and aintran. A flaming douche bag because they're very, they're I mean they're just chicken to call you. Come to stand up for a full glory. They knew can we get can I check it out for a while and give it to you for them? Sure no problem. Okay. Now which one do you want? How about horse video volume one? That's the that'll be the big event of their weekend. I mean I like how are they really harm like a horse because that's the one they want. Like Harry Elefante. Like Harry Elefante? I'm gonna give them Harry Elefante. You want to say hi to Michelle. Now she wants to talk to you. You want to say hi to her? No problem. Okay one second. One second. Come here. Come here Michelle. Do not get on the show. Do you want to see what's up a little bit? Me or does not bite. Me or does not bite. Me or does not bite. You want to bite. You're a professional. I do for my little. Hello. Hi Michelle. How you doing? I'm finding yourself. Are you terrified of me? Are you scared? Do you have the idea that I'm some kind of a nasty, miserable band? No no actually well he is not just my co-worker. He's my boyfriend but he's coming some way story to buy you. I'll bet. Don't believe any of them. And keep away from those glory holes too Michelle. Really? No that was way before us. I'm so afraid. I think it was at least a week ago. Yeah. I'm on sweetheart. Well said you're something good. I hope thank you. Hang on. Take care of Michelle and her gosh boy from their line 3. Hi Ali. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey um you know that you had to have a color about the you was you had sexual to freeze. Did everything? Yes sir. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I think you did it. And I think you did it. They're no fact in the church. Oh this is the same guy again. Yes it is. Oh well what? Are you going to be calling us every day with this bubble noise? How much you come up with a new routine? What did you do? What did you do? I'm not talking about the stop sounding like something like Joldy now. Okay you auditioning for the morning show? No. Yeah no. You know the problem is you're the problem is you're talking about the stop sounding like a gilding. You're talking you're talking to there you go. Now you're talking about the sexual real man. You're talking about the kind of the kind of the culture. I don't know the kind of the Catholic church. I attack all churches, all synagogues, all Hindus. Are you giving your religion? Why are you sending your religion? I'm not ashamed of any religion. I know. Why are you giving your religion? I don't believe in fairy tales. Sir do you? You're not very dialed even on the ones who work here at QAM. Get out of here you're weak today. They look back in the church. Okay that's it. You already made promo once paled. Don't push your luck too hard. Sales people are ice holes. I want to start the amount of February in this week with something that I rarely, rarely if ever doing that is apologize to a sales hole. Because I've been saying since I came on here and again I don't you know I'm brand new on this station. I don't know a lot of these people. I don't know the different personalities, the different psychosis, etc. So everybody's telling me that Gary Sarner was an asshole and of course he gets fired and then a week later they hire him back and now I'm beginning to understand why. Gary Sarner you can correct me if I'm wrong on this. Is the sports sales manager right? Was. Oops. Used to be. Well at any rate he was involved in selling the ball games, the dolphins, the marlins, the pantas, whatever the sports stuff. Now it seems to me and again I don't know because I'm certainly not privy to any number is there any real insight information but it seems to me that when you listen to the sports events on his station that there's a lot of advertising. In fact when the game is over like a Panther game I mean on and on which is fine you gotta get those spots in there makes them bucks great but the fact that we've got what 42 sales managers here it indicates to me that maybe Gary now he is hung like a mosquito that part I do not retract because we've talked to guys who have shoured with him and he has to do have communal showers here where it was fast to tell me about that last week he said just like being with the dolphins you shower the sales people and I said from Lou and not involved not is she? Well maybe that's why I lend a door a left you couldn't she couldn't handle the heat anymore so the speaker was communal sales shower well if you're going to be a sports station you got to have that kind of sports ambiance so at any rate they have told me that Gary Sarner is hung like a net okay so I don't take that back but he may not be an asshole because at least maybe he's an asshole at least gets his job done so I've been thinking over the weekend because Friday is something happened to me driving home they're just I've been thinking about this a lot because I've heard a lot of people belly aching about there's no spots there's no this and then that reading book came out about two weeks ago and this station just went through the roof went through the roof Hank is sitting there with a 7.3 share and men in the afternoon number one by a country mile the morning showed giant share and men and I keep hearing people saying well this is no spots ready we've gone from all spots readyo the no spots readyo and I see somebody like Linda Doyle who's a sweetheart and a very very astute sales hole and a very conscientious person I see her bailing out of here and I'm saying to myself something is wrong here so Friday I'm driving home and I'm listening to Hank and we come to a break finally at long last we come to a break and now I hear that and it's that got awful muddy sounding distorted PSA that they were playing here on this show the first couple days when we get almost no spots and I'm thinking to myself afternoon you know get this picture afternoon drive Friday afternoon top rated show and they're playing PSA's and Hank they'll even have time to go take a leak or maybe a whatever we had to go take there with the a golf tournament because there's no spots and it's suddenly dawned on me thinking long and hard about it this weekend that louan is the asshole up in sales and of course you probably don't know louan but maybe we'll get to know her better maybe we'll make her into a celebrity because it seems to me that there's something missing here because the people are responsible for selling 6 AM to 6 PM other than brawgames there are the ones who haven't even if we had a 40 year they couldn't say a glass of water to a starving air for like one who pull whatever the hell that you're up to god what the are upset besides the old no what kind of a dinner or do they using uh huh good question see even the you mr. smarty pant don't know the denomination of the things that they use over there the rush into got their rupals the Dutch have got their gilders the Italians have got their lyria what did that what did the Arabs have besides the militant anti-submit agatitude which is self-hating because there's no much any are started it yeah we did and we're proud of it so at any right i'm beginning to understand that maybe louan is the asshole upstairs and sales because there seems to be like a little bit of a problem here and we have sales managers quitting every week and coming back every week and there seems to be nothing but absolute chaos up there up there meaning upstairs on the turd floor here at the uh power ninety six complex now if i were involved upstairs or not what is it denour denour no it's not time even for lunch yet much less denour reaals we're getting a whole bunch of stuff we don't really care to be honest with you okay it was just it was just a little uh thought there because i backed myself into a corner and i didn't know fill in the blank whatever kind of money that those barbarians use that was the point she couldn't sell on the glass of water she couldn't give it a way for free and they are water either okay is what i'm here and well maybe not that part because there's something seriously wrong here that's fucking bitch which is maybe why you know the beesleys are a little tight with their money while we still got that money sounding cart machine over there for a little over like that which i thought they had that soft and then George was telling me the story about the production studios over there and stuff is ringing his hands and wondering what pal it's all about course he's always been wonder what it's about since he came here and that the win we're not gonna be able to straighten her ass out i think she's uh maybe she better take a demotion that seems to work very well look how much Gary sander straight in himself uh oh he hasn't well like i said llan it's been nice knowing his sweetheart but uh get with it already well yeah i mean this sales department i thought you were i thought that all those months that you were working in production when i was in limbo having a great time i thought you were exaggerating i thought you were joking and then i came over here and we have like a lot of our own spots which most of me brought with us but other than that i'm telling if they took all the trade outs god only knows what this place is getting on these trade outs but if they took all the trade outs off the log on this radio station we'd have to have a tank of oxygen for each show just so we could continue talking at long with other than the interruptions it is absolutely unbelievable beyond a shadow of a doubt so some of you somewhere must be living high off the hog i'll tell you that because they got trade outs for everything in this joint couldn't we trade out a couple of cart machine well i'm sorry that has to do with radio we don't want to do that couldn't we possibly do that could we trade out like something that might benefit the radio station we don't want to do that Greg's got his car and this one's got this and this one's got a few cruises on the side and yeah we got a lot of incestuous stuff going on here too bad we didn't hire Steve Nickel to the PD then we couldn't have had a have and we couldn't really operate in the sheep operation there would have been no programs just spots all day i'd have brought my shop and cart haha oh oh man it's just shocking to me to see i mean how you can talk about rating success is only to a certain point but you can only get a certain share of the audience at that point if you still don't have people i can go out and sell it and make a make a profit then you got a real serious problem which is why the radio vultures in this market are circling over on this great dank rainy windy nasty horrendous grotesque day on which the turnpike was an absolute nightmare this morning or found which i thought i was going southbound and on your rubber neck is by the way you're a bunch of asshole is usual but on this day you can look up there even in the middle of the murk in the mung in the sky you can see the vultures swirling around right over this building and i'm sure over on Sheridan street just waiting for this operation to go belly up so they can come swooping it and added to their collection because that's not what it is in radio as you know and i told you this couple years ago when they started this insanity at the FCC and it let everybody gobble up the radio stations a few companies it's like collecting it's like collecting baseball cards we collect radio stations and TV stations and unless somebody gets their ads in gear upstairs you know when you have people i've told you that they've been owed money for eight months or nine months when you hear about these car machines so that they spots and promos and their little wolf wolf see i have to wonder about some of these other people i work at this joint there's such a thing is pride i mean granted not everybody's got the same kind of clock can open up a big mouth but how long can you just keep coming and working for a god damn paycheck and i say you know what little for a russ i'd like crap am i right how long can you just fumble your way through life without demanding just a little bit of excellence maybe not a lot of excellence but just a little god damn bit guys bunch of wince they're the sports guy there bunch of wince like algal states that a bunch of faggot that's a gait club you moron right on hell and quit eating so we're talking talk a lot about that too about the eating business the eating business about everybody you know like uh... presenting you with food putting food in front of your face i guarantee i predict right now i'll never see the first of march if this is the food thing doesn't stop and by the way my no lunch tomorrow sweetheart that the food thing is got to stop or i'm gonna be dead and yes i would climb her guy did buy a bag of mnms if he reenades a hockey game on the atampic game Saturday and you want to know why i bought a bag of mnms besides your week besides being weak and hungry clear clock game okay so i didn't really eat a lunch of which is a mistake we get there and i get a weeny they don't have the polis sausage anymore which stunk and smell real bad but they have weeny that's thinking smell real bad like maybe they once had four skin real recently and they weren't washed off maybe there's a little pecorino in that uh... in that weeny how come it is that at the stadium at pp park a lot of the food not all of it but a lot of food is pretty damn good and in the last few years they've had all kind of stuff they not only have the array of clean over there but they got burgers and they got all kinds of a deli sandwiches they got uh... all kind of stuff over there but it's a miany arena i'm gonna tell you and i don't think that that we can blame this one on ballty there i don't think he has any control over i think it's Mickey erasin and those bastards who must have some kind of incestuous deal with some kind of grotesque food the concessionaire or whatever they call them the food in the miany arena is unfit for human consumption and ordinarily i have my wild diet soda and that's it that's my that's the extent of my uh... in biving at the miany arena is a diet soda that's his is dangerous as i'll get and i'm gonna tell you that that weeny that they put on that i'm gonna tell you something that if anybody ever would eat one intentionally again they must be desperate and the same starving era been the desert who wouldn't buy the glass of water from louaine upstairs would definitely not eat that weeny even if it were kosher i guarantee that right now listen million 10 really get the zip for this yard. Let's make you high boys who did the other wreck. Rock, well I hate what we do without you, A. Yeah. Well, that Frank is back all next year. I'm going to this year and straighten it with boys for this high. Shh. Now I'll have to get deeper as that closet is in. So I'm going to press all the botch-hole prints. Check out the reports on the Hill Trailer side. Yeah, there ain't nothing I can have in my postports guys. Boys has asked the track to stay with well here's a whole castle like that. Yeah, stand up real close to the rain. You're gonna sit down and get their boys sit down and stare. Really mix my balls. They go in. And that girl man. We are these martyrs in my infractor. Here's a mobile in Tokyo. Hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, listen. I hear you talk a lot about your ratings. And I've listened to your show now for a couple of weeks. And you don't like it and you're still listening. Well, I'll tell you the truth. I mean, it's the same old stick every day. Yeah, so I'm still listening. Let me ask you why your listening is really good. We're going to call off in critique and keep talking and not take a breath. Do you want to have a conversation or do you want to make a speech? I just want to say that you want to make a speech or do you want to have a conversation? Let's have a conversation. I'm listening. You have talk about your ratings. But let's face her. I have never talked about ratings because I don't have any ratings on the station. Because I haven't read her long time. A couple weeks ago, I heard you say, you got the early returns or something was not. I did not. Those were ratings for the rest of the station. They were not ratings on this show because the ratings for this show didn't start to be at the January. And we won't have those for another two or three weeks. So your missed your missed kind of destroying if I can use that term when I said. But the reason that you're saying that your ratings are going to be good is because of your show. I say, so the ratings for this show, the ratings for this show at night time, the ratings in the morning, the ratings are going to be good because of what? They called you follow the first show. The ratings of the midday show that preceded me on this station were the worst ratings of any show on this station. And they followed the first team, okay? Okay. So let's come up with your next kind of a story. Let me ask you, how come I had big ratings on IOD for nine years and we didn't have the first team on our show? Was it because I followed Mike Winnery? Well, I didn't listen, so I don't know. Also, you don't know. Okay, and you also don't know about here because we don't have any ratings for this show yet. I've lost the fact that Hank follows you. I've also had a lot of people doing it in a 10 to more and also let me see it again when I was on IOD when Hank was working there. He was on 8 o'clock at night. So you're telling me people doing it 10 in the morning because Hank was on 8 o'clock at night? Well, the last thing I want to know why do you listen to this show? Sir, I want to honest answer. Don't give me this book book, crap that you don't want to what you're talking about. Why do you listen to this show? I'll tell you a little bit about this. Okay, I'm going to tell you. Because every time you open your mouth, your brain falls out. Okay? And it's enjoyable listening to that. Well, congratulations. I'm delighted that you enjoyed it, pal. Because every time you open your mouth, it falls out. We're enjoying it too. No, yeah. I have our ratings because I follow the first team. You should live so long, pal. And because Hank follows you. And because Hank is on after me, that's very good. A lot of people ask. And your hired paddier are new PD, you're the new fluffy Lindsay. Thank you, Lucky Stars. You have two shows to prop you up. That's right. Thank you. How did I ever make an IOD and Zeta and WS News and all those other stations? Without these guys to help me along to give me a walker for my zoom. I was on here talking about my ratings, which aren't even out yet. So you have no clue what you're talking about my psychotic little friend. Go back to your Playgirl magazine and leave us along. Here's a mobile in Del Rey. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Great show. Yes, it is. You know sports babe, but hey, what are you going to do? Thank God. You got a silver belt with Panther plates? No, I don't. Okay, a pass one last time thought me to assume. Not me. Yeah, what's that guy called about managed set the head base. You had a right managed to just think out loud about what Frank was saying to that woman up in the room. I want to bang you in the butt honey. And then another one too. And then the other one like, oh my God, you're breast beautiful. Yeah. But Bob and Tom's alright, but it'd be like you have an abstract or George laughing in the background. Just get something you're nervous about. Well, I don't agree. I mean, I realize that you can do too much of that stuff. But I, uh, it's just part of their show. There are a lot of morning shows where they do that. Okay. How are Howard show when they had all those people in there with him? They do the same thing. There's a half dozen people yuck it and up in the back. Yeah. I don't think it's as bad as Bob and Tom. Well, just for some reason. I don't agree about that. I worry about whether I like the material or not and whether I think it's funny and out where there's somebody else's laughing at it. There you go. Well, in closing, you know, how come they can say, Pitch on the other show and you can't say it? Yeah. Okay. We can't say what we can't say piss on this show. I don't know that. And I will see. We can say it is an out or a verb where you, uh, adjective. I don't know how to hold it. We can say we see whatever the hell we want. All right. If managed can come on and talk about banging people in the butt. We can see whatever the hell we want. I want to bang you in the butt. If I can't understand where I'm going to stop wearing a jock strap and then you'll be amazed that I'm going to be able to say. Please don't say the effort. Oh, Neil. My queen. Go. That dance bag. I can't stand it. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. The Devil. We're saying, oh, we look like it's a'dad. What the hell happened, like what the they call. Oh, you. How are you. How's the bacon? The side. The thick sound on my hand. It's going to link in your video stop. I'm going to say the baby. I can do anything I wanted to use. Your fist goes to suppose we'll end up kind of seems silly of you, on your patio. Oh, God! God bless you. God hasuria's powered you holding the throne. the throne. Oh, have you been in the throne? Oh, how a way to get your old show. That's the station that I leave with. And I don't care if you're waiting for love. Because one of the youth can throw a big oat. How about their save on baby? And you'll do only single what you do. And you can focus more on us, but your life will not entire you. And you can't go to the podium. Oh, yeah. That's why I'm a consulting because I'm just an ass. So what is a water stable anyhow? I had one in my mouth once. So Bill Tanner gives me a car from water stable from some broadcasts meeting that they just had. And it's from Sabol Media. It says, Bill, you are truly one of my heroes signed to WS. Isn't that, well, I put that in my, I put it right here. Right down in the area is a good place for it. Okay, let's go to a lady in the Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yes, it is. Oh, okay. A couple of questions for you. Okay. Is it true? Number first on call. I call destiny. Hang up. Please, please, hang up. Why did I hang up on you? You must have been up noxious. I said it curse. We're going to get me to. Okay. Okay. Okay. Is it true that you always got Jewish flag? Yes. You are. It is true. It is true. It is true. It is true. So what does that happen with anything? Are you a Jewish die? Or what? No, I'm a Jewish female. So do your thing, honey. Do your thing. But I don't understand. You don't understand what? You don't like Jewish women at all? I don't like any women from a sexual standpoint. Do I do not? I'm a fact. Do you understand? Do I have to draw you a diagram lady? Have you ever heard of that before? I mean, I know Jewish women tend to be somewhat repressed and like in the dark Hades, but have you ever heard of a fact? Yeah. Yeah. So what are you asking me the question for? Another question I would say if I thought of you. And other words, you have no material. Is that it? No. I have no material. Well, that's here. Okay. You know, number one, I think Howard Stern tries to be like you. Yeah. Number two. So like I said, you have no material. Can I say what? No, you can't. No. Don't ever put that picture on again. Can you believe this? You are so pathetic. And it makes me back to the days when I say, well, we have no women called They were the women. Trust me. We have someone in listening. And there's something we need to say like, what's it a great while fine? But it's not. Don't press yourself. That's fucking it. Exactly. Don't push it. God, Almighty. Desperate. And she wonders why I don't like Jewish women. Talk about a rhetorical question. God, here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I just want to tell you I've been listening to you since high school man. I've been about seven years and here I am. I'm still here. I love you, man. I love you. I just want to thank you so much for getting me to wake up and open my eyes and realize that religion is a bunch of crap. I was like, I was like, watch that thing about last night how they execute that woman. Yeah. I don't know how your stance is on it because I just got out of class. I didn't hear you earlier this morning. But I mean, hey, look, she killed somebody. It was very quick. And I had a point of law. She had due process. They found her guilty. They sentenced her to die to be executed. They executed her and now life goes on. And women want equal treatment. Well, there you go. Yeah. They're executing them and go ahead and execute some women. Amen. Like I just like that. Like they're at you, but they call them up three calls. Like I say, fried her ass before midnight. She sounds like a real idiot. And you know, I don't think she has any gay friends because she said, Faggot, she probably doesn't have any gay friends. She probably a bulldog probably. Probably got blow up. Bells of Rosanne. Have a great day, Miguel. I'll read it there. Come on soon. From director George Lucas and Francis Ford told the law. The newest chapter in the Star Wars saga. When the heads of two families collide in space, they become star-wav. Within all star tasks, James Earl Jones has Darth Bito and more than brand though as Obey Wop can obey. You should not have come back of marriage. Your powers are weak. You can't win the. If he's right, he's out now. My family will become more powerful than you're confrontably imagined. I miss you. I miss you. Now I'm a master of evil. Al Pacino as Tom Solomio. Come on. Come on, great up. You want some of me? Come on. You're going to miss with a bet. They held up to my little friend. You'll let this alone as two-bottle off. But look, they're you. Oh, you. You're you. You're you. I'm going to be with you. I'm going to be with you. With new features footage never before seen of the ominous Don Java. On the book, we know it's going to be marvelous. We lost our name. You stormed our freedom to be over if I just. Oh, Paco. Yes. We must know how come Han Solomio turned 3-0 into an egg in the fatal pie. Tony Danza. As Luca Skywalker. No, don't. We are. Chattacin. Welcome, my son. You must go to the table by. People love it. It's that in the swamp. No, it's a pile on seven streets. Roll it guys in and out. You must go there and learn the ways of the stars. The stars, what gives a gentleman his power. His energy. We're is the source. We can make each and each in your kitchen. It flows between the sources in the radio. The plaster in the meatballs. It combines everything together. With special guest appearance by Joe Pesci as Princess Leoni. Welcome on the phone. Welcome to the world of our last year. And we're here to tell you about the standar. We can't find a reason for finding a hole. Oh, what? We're the second in the middle of the mountain. We can't find anything else. We're here to find a place. And I want to ask you something. You haven't seen anything until you've seen everything. And don't use the final chapter of the saga. Return of the judi. Coming soon to a temple near you. Now you'll see what you see. If you're a carpenter.