3.560 W2M Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the NEO Rodgers Sky Rocks Act Talk to NEO, call 567-0560 toll free for native rower or pound 560 on yourself We are the opinions of NEO, his guest callers Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley-Weed acquisitions or the Beesley-Rog test No! NEO Rodgers, on sports radio 560 QAM I must be crazy, I must be nuts Was that Johnny Beesley? I'm not a rower, you know You looking good? Looking good? I'm not a rower, you got a mortgage for our pay The rock! I get 25% interest they've made I'll get some major scores Thank you Mommy Star And just a couple of months we're moving in I'm a naked women fill in our pool with gym Fancy, baby! I love chocolate, I'm a fan of the webchaps and coffee I love chocolate, just come over, let's have a day I'll take my pants off All my tent housemages, leaves are packed I'll wrap my water, bonnet's back Well, these things are too dark I'll head in north of 95 I keep smiling, and I know why Where I want to hide Can't wait to ride the coaster in ride Yeah, I love chocolate, I love chocolate I love the wind, jams and jams and jams I love chocolate, but don't come over, let's have a day Can't owe to it, 560 WQM But I've tried to do some strange people in this place And even though I've been here this long, I've been getting you realise How come I've been oblivious to that? About how Donnie Bees how sour he is What is it? Is he like a wannabe is that? He's upset that he's not like one of the year I want to be on that show I mean, when you get to be like, what is he? 48 when you get to be 48 it's time to move on Just being no seriously, just being a flunky phone answer And doing that pre-game show before baseball games That nobody listens to That's not going to, you know, won't fit your ego It just doesn't get to Jonathan Don't take it out on me in his crappy orange Sure, I wear every day Really sour today, and you're telling me he's always sour Puss How come I took me this long to realise that? Has he just been put on an act for me all this time? No, you stay in here, you're avoiding No, I see him coming in every day Every morning I come in here He's like reasonably, you know, hey, up your ass, you know? He's okay Sour guy, man, really Anyway, that's not something anybody cares about Is it? Anybody care about that? I'll tell you who's a real asshole is Chris Lone over there Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait I don't want to get started on that, but I should mention Wait, wait, wait, wait, stop Yeah, so many way, I don't want to say where I heard it But I heard through the grapevine that they're a little bit upset Over there, of course they're always upset with me over there And you want to know why? Because they don't understand this show They have no sense of humor They take themselves far too seriously And they don't understand this show And I don't know what to deal with with Mark Jones, the sports director I'm sure you don't know because they must have been talking about it this morning You only reason I even listened to the worst thing this morning They had Mark Parish on, hoping to get a little bit of information about the Panthers Well, it seems starting on Saturday just two days away And all I heard from Little Dog was, you know, he's getting laid And who are you going out with and how you doing And how you doing in the ladies same old-taired crap Did I learn anything? I mean, like one little thing Oh nothing So evidently this guy from the sports nerd on a whammy last night Must have taken the shot at them Which I don't care anything about that Maybe we'll get a spiry portal, find out something about that But there's a guy named Chris Sloan Not to be confused with my former producer for many years ago Chris Sloan, the old I and Z days But this guy's a real major asshole Who back when they were doing the TV show And destroying this show by the way And they did a magnificent job of that for several months By interfering in every possible way they could And I got sucked into talking all about a TV station Nobody was watching and wasting a lot of time and blown off my audience But nevertheless, because I didn't want to hear their photographer to come in For the 18th time and two weeks period takes some more stupid pictures Chris Sloan got into a sit I've never been treated so distrously, spectacular by anybody All the years I've been living all three years he's been in the business How old is he about ten? Eight? Child, a little bit of it, whammy. Is anybody you know watch whammy? Anybody talk about it? Nobody have any idea what's on or any more? No, all the local programming basically gone Huh? See, the station that they were trying to emulate was city TV and Toronto Which is one of those local channels that they really do a lot of cutting edge stuff And a lot of off the wall stuff And they didn't do it They brought in a bunch of flunkies like Maddie Lesham from Mother West Coast And no idea what this market was all about A lot of the wannabes who had no concept A lot of people had never worked until a vision before And I think my show was a classic example of what they did with everything they touched You couldn't see the video, you couldn't hear the audio Everything was a disaster, everything they touched was a screw up They couldn't even get to the amping on the air half the time So I think it's fair to say Whammy! Got it stuck Yes, fair to say that So evidently, you know, they're running spots on the station And I'm just show all the time which I have no idea why they run them on their show And I don't think most of my people watch whammy anyway But nevertheless we'll take their money We'll take anybody's money here at QAM Am I right? Yes! You bet, that's your sweet ass So anyway, yesterday after one of their spots and then we played the rejoin And whatever that thing goes in that I came back and before I played my comedy Bit I played Whammy! It's stuck Which I've been playing that for months, I mean many, many, many months And everybody, every time I play, you hear a course of horses going on FNA baby, it's a piece of crap, it's a joke, it's a turbo-retrieve station Which everybody knows that But it's a lot easier to get pissed off at me, Chris Lone and play me for the fact that Nobody's watching your crappy station because you got no programs on there Besides, 10, which is a bunch of young, they could people run around If you would just put 10s on like five, 10 times a day You might have some audience I might even watch it, you get some better looking people on there Or let's once again, let's play a needle for that And I also want to say because I heard right there at the end of the morning show before I start with my agenda here today That real, see saying real dumb sports nerd, it's like with Dundin That sports nerd who called in about the home runs First of all, nobody is paying any attention I mean, McWyer's got 63 and so's his got 62 Nobody is paying any attention Because even the most desperate, except for the dumbest of the dumb, which was this guy They're last caller that they had, except for the dumbest Most oblivious of them all, everybody realizes that not the fact that they've done this two years in a row Makes it into a forest and you know something Joe Rose, what's wrong with this man? You know what had happened? It started last year, it started like a year and a half ago when they be bald him with a Brian Murray business When he was the one guy that was actually of the group there in the morning And now actually, Joe these are one of the little pair, finally groomed But Joe Rose is just a suck up now To everything, oh yeah, I know it's got nothing to do with the baseball being the so-called tight-season McGuire really hits it so far, and my mama, oh crap Everybody knows the baseball to basically hitting golf balls is what they're hitting And you got all these guy damn expansion teams with all these minor league pitchers Who couldn't have made a big league ten years ago in a million years I don't understand what's wrong with these guys It don't want to say anything, I mean you don't have to, you don't have to rip something just for that How old enough for that hell of doing it, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, suck a lot Oh, yeah, there's so much better nutrition today There's no nutrition today Babe Ruth his nutrition was beer and hotdogs, he seemed to be doing okay Got nothing to do with it Scott to do with you know, the so-and-a-baseball real tight and it's got to do with crappy a minor league quality pitching Which is why J.L. J. Bell's got a hundred homeruns already this year too I mean it's a joke And nobody's been any attention. There's no big hoop-law like it was last year Let me say it again the fact that they did it a second year in a row again All it does is diminish the fact that it happened last year Maybe next year we can get somebody hit 150 homeruns if we start throwing b-mees up there God these sports people how is it possible be so oblivious to be so goddamn stupid to be such a nerds to be so lifeless That's why I love somebody to tell me what that's all about I just missed my rear end All the time I said the hundred straight about not brain-jured Good shit some people seem there no desire to do it It's a dream that he gave drugs back then so was the point He has a look at it and if George Bush is fine So I think he's gonna have a line Well he's a bad damn candidate I've seen Not all very big nonsense that I mean And the inflamed who was it taking my aim Sailing his to Bush He did a line I guess I just don't understand what they do He's had many presidents without us Who done learn and play near another Like Gerald Board for instance And obviously he was on the line as why was he falling down And thank Jimmy Carter for his label He was still a hopped up on stunt land He didn't even know where I was just for the first day of my dream And why even went back to watch you I knew the reason I jumped down the cherry tree It was because he had the lunches I'm sorry to bother you Oh that's it what I sure ended up with doesn't I was just back there getting this very important other part of this facts The monthly lunches for Brewer County schools one moment please Ah here it is Wait can you do this we may lose our appetite for lunch today By the way so the follow up on channel 4 why did they have that bitch to that piece It's a good piece by the way It's better than the piece that that Henry fraud is wearing It's just in superintendent you see him The assistant superintendent of the schools and they've counted with the worst hairpiece Makes Bob Eisenberg look good That's how bad it is I think it's a one he stole from Ron and sign up from CNBC But at any rate I mean it's a real good piece that they're doing It's great to bring an attention this because you folks out there Evidently don't give a crap about your kids And certainly the school board doesn't care about it But why are they having that super serious bitch doing it? That's what I would like to know she comes down there again Did the last night in this morning with that syrup bee that Michelle Gillon only she can do that self serving And the Henry fraud the assistant superintendent It says oh we'll all give you all the credit Michelle. I'll give you all the credit We're not looking for who's going to get the guy to inquit it? We're looking for something to do something about it And of course as usual when you catch a bunch of assholes like this a bunch of liars and boys Do we know what this place about liars? Wow, you know what I'm saying the way and do we know about liars in this joint? But at any rate when you catch them with their drawers down You know well, we were totally unaware we didn't know yadia How could they not know? Don't you think they get complaints from people whose kids can't get lunch at school Who get a stand online for 15 minutes to the right of food? Don't you think they know about that? Don't you think anybody with one eye can see the fact that these illegal alien But animal people that got serving up the food are standing there and handling the stuff Chicken there knows picking their food and doing all those other things and handling the money And then putting it touching their food and putting it on the goddamn plate Don't you think you can see that? Oh, but we were totally unaware you're not unaware. Okay, Mr. Fraud you're full of crap And you got caught what you got them a food down You're an ass murderer you're an idiot And what were you talking about yesterday? The idea that they want to keep out the fast food people and they don't want to Franchise out the meals in the school because they're afraid it's not good nutrition You should only live so long to crap that they feed in your kids in school, okay? Here's a fact that says here's the monthly lunches for barred county schools I look at things like chicken patties, spaghetti with meat sauce and think okay not bad Well my kid tried it. They totally they were ready to gag the chicken was like rubber Maybe they oughta said Henry Fraud on a rubber chicken circuit. He had probably had a lot of practice Serving it up to the kids Chicken patty on a bun or burrito and spinach oven fries, oatmeal cookie and milk Hamburger and on a bun or tuna salad on a bun and well, what's the difference? We're getting a hamburger from them which by the way you saw the crap that greasy pizza They were serving up yesterday to see that man old man Beef or rony or ham and cheese sandwich Chicken nuggets or egg roll and apple juice, green beans, muffin bread, cinnamon, crispy and milk And then of course don't forget we got the eventing machines back in here to make sure your kids can get a lot of those soft drinks And just OD on a lot of sugar Cheese pizza, oh yeah, there's the pizza again. They're big on pizza by the way And the one now that we did get the one call yesterday they said that Papa John's is a serving up the food near school That's got to be a big improvement over the crap whatever stuff they were cooking up at those schools That's probably wiping area back though before they serve into the kids I mean for the life of me, I just want to sit down and cry I don't understand what people are thinking about that call from little joy yesterday whose life is a school teacher And the classes are all overcrowded They don't have enough textbooks to go around so kids have to share the textbooks and they can't take them home because they're out enough to go around And you wonder why the average American is running around go like that Has an IQ lower than their goddamn penis size even a woman I mean what the hell are we talking about over here And nobody cares these are the kinds of things anybody gets pissed off about we never hear from anybody about this stuff These sports nerds like Bob Eisenberg, who do you want about the mess? Hey, they one last night Bob I guess what sort of the ester was you you lose your screwed good Those are the kinds of things that are important to these people Like I said yesterday people were taking up space people are want to go get murderers autographs say can I have your autograph Mr. O. J come on can I please have your autograph please Pretty please Some illiterate guy to kind of sign his multi million dollar contract with an X. Okay I please have his autograph and then the excuses. Oh, well, I'm into collectibles right Collect this Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How are you great? There's a very simple answer to this problem. Yeah Just bringing private industry has have McDonald's set up that's what you guys want to just said they won't do it I mean, I mean it's very simple. That's what the kids eat off camp is anyway, and I'm sure they'd all be glad to do it I mean it's a good idea and why don't the airlines do the same things haven't screaming about that for ten years now. Why don't they do the same thing? It's not trying to be in the food business, which none of them are capable of doing why don't they contract with a guy named fast food people How to put together a quick meal that would be edible. It has to be something about money. So that's all I can think of. Okay, pal All right, thank you. Thanks So disgrace it's a goddamn nightmare. What's going on with your kids and like I said nobody cares enough We got people throwing their babies off bridges. We got people killing their kids. We got people shooting their wives in their kids all over the place I don't understand. What's the point of making all these babies if you don't give a crap about it? I don't understand it By the way, it looks like Bill Bradley's gonna win the Democratic nomination. I just want to be the first one to say that right here I go in a apology the one guy that kept bugging me about that. Remember him and I kept saying ah, no chance. Well, it didn't look like he had any chance But because Al Gore is even more boring than he is no chance and Bill Bradley will in the election two by the way I know the George W. suckers out there think that he's got a lot no chance Bill Bradley kick his ass So that's a some good news there. We got a little bit of hope there at the other end, but the and the meantime It's on lip service your pain taxes. They they just reach in your wallet and they squeeze they put the big squeeze You have to work half a year in order to start getting anybody in your own goddamn pockets with the government reaching out in there and taking everything you know they can And where the hell is it going where the hell is it going? We got a bunch of people who sit back and Care about is cuckouride. That's all of American public cares about is nonsense and foolishness and who's getting laid and who's uh, you know I'm talking about the Hollywood people those celebrities. That's why they got 600 of those goddamn shows Art the Drecco drive and this and that all the other crap. Who cares about those goddamn drug induced assholes? Who cares about them? Where you about getting laid yourself don't worry about them? Here's a mobile and cross-pring, silo. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. I have to disagree with you on that. I just graduated from Douglas last year and they do a pass through there. It's up in Parkland. You have a night and date county. They don't on day count because they have people high. They have subway and all right. There you go. Right. How are you talking? Why can't all the schools do that? They sure they should be able to do that. But the only downpours that are there's not I mean you don't get exactly what you want. They only have a certain amount of like turkey and you know, cheese pieces and stuff like that. You've got something though, right? Yeah, it's something. I mean it's better than the crap of the seven in the cafeteria. Right. You know, but it's not too bad. I just want to make a comment on that really quick and I love your show and don't worry about Bill. You guys have a chance. Okay. Thanks a lot, Bill. All right. There you go. They're doing it in some of the schools and Broward. What's wrong with you on this show? What's wrong with your people at Channel 4? Why don't you suggest this to this goddamn guy with a bad hairpiece there? The assistant superintendent, the assistant of schools in the day County. And let me say it again like I said yesterday because this really makes my blood boil. And that just may or penis. He's just a pimped. He's just a little but there are a whole lot of these other idiots too. The commissioners. Oh, yeah. We got to build a stadium. We can't afford to lose our baseball team. Yeah. We got to for those a couple thousand losers who have no life. We think that that's so important to our community. How about an education and you people at the Harold and the Sun Sentinel, you ought to hang your heads in shame. You ought to be ashamed of yourselves. Shilling for a goddamn stupid ass BDI millionaire. That all we have a responsibility because it's so important to our community. It doesn't mean a goddamn thing to this community. There's not enough interest in major league baseball in this town to fill your goddamn segment. And we're going to have to do that right now. None. Zero. Zipity. Duda. And you know something? All this talked that they're going on this morning. I almost forgot about this. I'm channel surfing last night. And on the small dish in Chicago. I know it was in St. Louis where I was, that's where I had the double head of the state. There couldn't have been a thousand people there. In Chicago where the white socks are playing the red socks. There couldn't have been I swear to God. Not 500 people. Maybe 200 people. I'm not exaggerating. There was nobody there. Montréal, their last home game of the season, which we can understand at Marlon Game. I'm watching the CBC there. We're about five to seven games, starts at 705. There couldn't have been 200 people in the stands. I hate to break the news to you, but other than those places like in Houston and Cincinnati and with them, you know, the brave. Other than that, there's no interest. It's gone. It's already got a damn October baby. And you got about eight or 10 too many franchises there. It's a forest. So this bullcraft that we got to find money so that we can build a stadium for a goddamn billionaire. While your kids can't get a textbook in school, this is the most important God damn thing in this country that needs to be addressed. Is making the people smart and not dumb. Like Fredo. That's right. You got more functional. You got more dummies running around. This is a national disgrace. Jesus Christ other people in this country dumb. And don't blame the kids for it. Blame the God damn parents because they sit back and they couldn't give a crap less about the garbage schools that we got here. Portable schools, no textbooks kids. And then this fraud guy from the day county would have had a hairpiece. He's on her telling me, shall you? Yesterday, well, you got to understand, you know, highly of whatever, maybe my, we like high. They got 1900 students. There's no way that they can possibly feed them off. They got to let them go off campus. Which I agree with that, by the way. I mean, these other people, they're like the mad people. You know, mothers against the drunk drive, they're like over the edge. Going too far. They're hysterical. I understand, you know, they're the one mothers grief. We understand her daughter got killed in a car crash. But the fact is kids get killed because they drive you responsible in too fast all the time. Not just at lunch hour. But he's on their sense. Well, we got 19 of a kid. There's no way we could possibly feed them. Well, what kind of a school is that? What kind of a system is that? Whoever wrote a such a thing. So I guess basically what it says is they got too many guy damn kids in the school. They can't handle it. They can't do the things that they're supposed to be doing. They're paying your tax money for. But in the meantime, let's come up with some money to build a guy damn stadium. Let's come up with some more tax payer money to subsidize the American Airlines arena for that billionaire Mickey Harrison. For whoever's getting there, how a Palm Shmoor would who was in on that deal. They got like half of the goddamn season ticket aren't sold yet because nobody gives a right to answer about the heat or about the guy damn any of this stuff. How do you like that? So when we're going to get a goddamn local leader, it's going to come on and say, hey, guess what? This is a disgrace and they can even lie about it. We don't care. I wasn't aware of this, but this is going to be our number one priority. This disgrace. So nice going channel for even if you didn't put that bitch me share on there. I was going to say again, why couldn't they put a wheel reporter on there, but maybe like Gary Nelson, there's one guy that got left. There's a wheel reporter of sorts. They don't have much. Neil. What do you think? When I say, oh, I should say, oh, you're not. In the mood, the boss is so rude and cheap. That's why I say, calling him say, you're dead. Tell me why he's nothing but a heart. Tell me why he's so rude and cheap. Tell me why don't you hear me when I say, just calling say today. 1031.05.50. But maybe that's why the numbers are in the morning, sure. Drop it like this like a rock because they just don't have any of those three guys. So we'll have to say anything. I mean, even B.O. seemed like he was almost outspoken this morning compared to some of the others, which I don't want to mention, Joe again. What's wrong with him? I think they must have performed the operation like in the middle of a night one night and just sliced him off. Maybe that's why he can't figure out what's going on with the balls because he don't have any. Just something wrong there, little dog. Just the aim, what you used to be sweetheart. Maybe that's why they're down to like a two point whatever it was. They're going to be down to Brooks. Brooks, Brooke, Shields Daniels type numbers pretty soon if they don't watch it. If somebody don't grow a goddamn pair on that show. Man. 560. 560. 560. On the 18T wireless line idiotic letter to the editor in one of our papers. I guess the sun sent to this morning or my ass. I never can tell. Same crap. You can do my piranhas will be there one. NRA and merely a lobbying group like the ACLU writes Kenneth J. Vaughn of Hollywood. Kenneth J. Vaughn of Hollywood. I want to tell you right now. He's an asshole. One of the another stupid idiotic letter. Another gunhugger out there who says beside the ACLU is more responsible directly for human loss of life than the NRA will ever be by the successful defense and release of rapist murderers and sexual deviants towards children and so-called technicalities. Right. The ACLU is killing people out there. Not guns. That should be the next bumper sticker. Guns don't kill people. The ACLU does. There you go. Liberals kill people. Now we're talking. Liberals use kill people. There you go. I got a great editorial by the way from the Atlanta Constitution from the Sprite East September 17. We can have a go. Gun rhetoric baloney in this from a deep South newspaper like the Atlanta Constitution though less. Although of course it is a Cox newspaper. Gun rhetoric baloney. I just have to read this a little bit later on. Very well stated. And if nothing else, I will read the one second of the last paragraph in here. It says, finally there's the second amendment fiasco. The version in the Constitution is pretty straightforward in states it's aim right off. A well regulated militia being essential for the security of a free state, etc. And so on, it's clear purpose is to ensure an arm militia capable of protecting the state. Period. It has nothing to do with a bunch of crazy individuals running around with some right to have an unlimited number of guns. Military caliber guns. As the one guy says, he demands. Crazy people. With guns. Makes for a hell of a society. I'll tell you that. And just to show you that I don't just pick on certain religious by the way George discovered a new times magazine this morning, which is about a 800 page article I don't have time to read. By Ted Kissel, which sounds awfully Jewish to me, see if a gray wrote this. You feel all boys out to get the orthodox Jews. Holy rollers about a group of orthodox Jews there on the beach. Who are. Have a little fun with that there in ecstasy is what they are. Yeah, they're smuggling in ecstasy. A little bit of this, a little bit of that, a little method, a little coke, a little zanex, a little bit of heroin, etc. And so on. Yeah, it's a business opportunity. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Orthodox Jews, how seen them no less, okay? Well, I've had a visit to kill for our some day to read this. It's about 6,000 pages. Nice going, Ertette. And like I said yesterday, you don't want to brush any entire group. You have to deal with people as individuals. So the fact that there's just this one group of orthodox Jews. And by the way, they're smuggling the out ecstasy back from Amsterdam. Have you liked that? Oh, that's right. Talk about Amsterdam. Too many goddamn drugs. Oh, it's filthy and all those drugs. Remember that guy? Yeah. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? See you. Yes, sir. Great. Getting back to, uh, we're going to get in the buzz on the phone now. We're all at it. See, yes, sir. Uh, my son goes to the largest pool in the state, uh, in the nation. Yes. The out is where you, which is radical pool in the economy. Yeah. That's a closed campus. And they don't go out too much. So I don't know what Mr. Frost from the school system is telling you. That they can get, uh, highly amirming lake, whatever it is. Yeah. He said they can't be only kids in there. It's a physical impossibilities, what he said. Well, how do they do it in product when they got over 5,000 kids? Beats me. Uh, I, uh, the school system to joke. Uh, and, uh, the kids are the ones who are hurting. Yeah. And nobody gives a crap. That's true. Okay. Okay. Get into the phone. Thank you. Good guy, bad phone. How do you like that? Like the kids just before they're getting, you know, and we had to call about that yesterday. And some of the Broward schools, they got fast food. They're letting people surfer food that, uh, you know, so it isn't a great job. And we're, you're going to try to tell me that the stuff that I just read on this menu here for Broward schools. And of course, this beginning in meat sauce, we're talking sloppy. You see the kind of stuff that they serve in the school. Chicken nuggets. I thought you can get chicken nuggets and McDonald's last time I checked. Last time I looked and probably hell of a lot better and also probably just as our Mono Trisha's, then the swell, the crap that they're serving in your public school system. Chicken patty on a bun or burrito and broccoli. Oh yeah, that broccoli will do it because I bet it's real fresh and crispy. You know what I'm talking about? You know, what's probably like the, uh, what was that place that was it, Duffs that I'm always talking about? Oh, don't start crying about it now, George. Cut the crap. No, and it was called, uh, get off your Duffs. Yeah. That buffet place where everything tasted the same. It's that they're out of business anyways, so they, you know, they won't get upset. I criss-loin over there at Wami. They won't get all bent under shape like that. Put whacker. But, uh, yeah, Duffs, you go and you're in everything with a buffet. And area was stopped for people over the age of 100. So it didn't really make any difference because these to gum the food, all the customers. Everybody was over the age of 300. Do you, uh, spaghetti tasted like the tuna and the ravioli tasted like to go to them, uh, chicken. And everything tasted the same. It was all mush. You could gum it. You'd walk in there. You think that we're having an order? You're all the people saying, I'm gumming. I'm gumming. Yeah. You think you walked in a one of Georgia's wind clubs by mistake. I'm gumming over here. Yeah. Perfect. And that's the kind of sloppy servant schools you all know that. Okay, me and you saw it at an end about great nutrition and the public schools. That's a freaking joke. In fact, I'm here. The new dealer are going to do a date count. You're trying to solve the problem. They're going to put a riddle in tablet on the tray with every meal. We'll solve the problem. That's a Peter Leonard said this morning. As he was bouncing off the walls in here all he was very amusing. For entertaining Peter, come back again someday. Not too soon. Here's Holly Wood. Hello. Okay, sir. Listen, I've heard what you said about the baseball and the home run thing. I agree with a lot of just about everything you say. But I suspect. Well, but I think one thing being overlooked. And what is that? That is if the umpire simply called the strike zone. It's written in the rule. That's another factor. That's right. They've got a strike zone aside of a postage stamp in some cases. And that's another reason that they're hitting all these home runs. Well, you know, it's so much easier for you to say. It's got to be bell pie and down the middle of the plate for them to jack it out. And you know, I mean, all the off. Oh, I've got it all right between the belt and your knees. Yeah. They all stand so close to the plate. It is if you throw the ball sometimes right down the middle of the plate. Well, let me ask you what difference is the mechanism? It just that it irritates me because baseball as you know is a game that's very highly dependent upon statistics. They're obsessed with statistics. And so when you have all of these records, some of them are stood for all of these years. And you have them being broken in a manner that makes a fuss in a mockery of it. It's just one more step to a destroyer that you know, making a game of joke. But if the young parts were doing a job, the statistics like the like, a marises home one would be, would be special. Yeah, and if the baseball was consistent and they were hitting golf balls. Yes. Well, that's, I mean, they did have 600 teams with the 10,000 minor league pitchers. Yes. And thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, we're good a lot more response on that than we will about the school system in South Florida. And we're getting a because nobody cares like that time years ago. 100 years ago on KAT, I've told you this before. And I said to our program director, Lynn Russell, my good friend was on headline news. Now, nice going, Lynn. She got to be 100 years old. She looks pretty good for an old bag. Nice going sweetheart. He's okay. But I said there. I'm going to do a whole week of shows on education this week. And she looked at me with a really perfect, flex-looking went. Oh, yeah. Yeah, especially on that station where the median age was death anyway. And they care about education on that, for a constation. Oh, no. All they cared about was, you know, with the food soft enough to gum. That's all they wanted to know. This is the problem done here. You got all these old parts. There's no constituents for the kids. There's no constituency for the schools. Nobody seems to give a crap. And when some bubble head like Michelle Gilliams got to go around there and channel four, and she's got to be the one to make a big song at Antum. That shows you how desperate we are. And when they bring on your assistant superintendent of the schools, what is bad hairpiece, these go up. Yeah. You know, you really have to scratch your head. You know, you're gonna have to be a good spot where Greg reads always scratching it and Wonder what that was going on. God damn it. Nobody cares. Fuck it in and hold it. This wall on CBS meet a small town free to speak the word of God and adds a few choice words of his own. It's Father Tourette's Mystery. Clearly beloved. We are dollars here today. Join together. This can sound suck into the fuck. Fucker mother. In holy matrimone. Father Tourette mystery, a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago Holpless and NYPD Blue Ball. Damn, I only have to shut up. You're a little hurt by the longer you have to foster here. Sunday, this fall. Spending hour with Father Tourette. White after an all-new season of touchdown there by an angel. Only on CBS. Father Tourette. That's 25 at 5.50. It's the WQ. I'm speaking to the Panthers. I had that last spot there. Burray, okay, after Bighead. Both of those papers this morning. See this whole business is so terrifying to me. It's tragic. I mean, we know Chris Wells is basically a big. He's been useless so far. And it was an accident. You know what practice in the hit him like crazy. And Burray went down like a ton of bricks. It was one of those things. But that's not really the issue here. What is the issue is that the team, the organization is handling this so poorly. I mean, I hate to break the news to you guys. But hockey is a contact sport. He's going to get hit. Okay. And if he's going to be like, like, a, Uh, It's just a joke. Like a bunch of little children. Hey, if his knee is okay, he's going to play. He'll be great. Fine. If it's not okay if he's damaged good. Then the first time his knee gets hit. The first time he gets hit in the wrong position. Uh, he's going to be out again. And that's the way they're making it sounding. Like, uh, we got a paper tiger here on our hands. Jesus Christ. I mean, you talk about an organization that just to, And by the way, the rumor I'm here is that the new goal lights that we've been hearing about. So you actually see the red light come out on a goal of score won't be ready for Saturdays. Home opener is the rumor I'm hearing. I mean, And you wonder why fewer and fewer people are behind season tickets to these sporting events. You're putting on a, a, a forest. Put on a quality product out there. Okay. Give us some excitement for all the big bucks you want to squeeze out of the public. Then maybe more people will show up. But is any rate? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hi, honey. How are you doing today? Great. Did you see in the paper today, uh, Wayne Arnold has big competition coming in. Yeah. They're building, uh, stake and shakes down here. And technically, They're going to be building one up. I knew it. Let me know and sunrise. Oh, it's in the paper today. Well, we've been hearing about this forever and ever. But I didn't know there was a minute. Yeah. We're in the paper. Is this in the business section on the front page? I don't know how the business section. I always leave the wrong section home every day. Didn't bring it. Ha ha. But they're planning to put 20 of them down here over the next few years. Oh, right. I'll stand it. Well, I don't think they'll be building one in Wayne's neighborhood. If you know what I'm saying, they won't be building one in that neck of the woods. Now they probably won't, but it still is a great place to go eat. Yep. What they ought to do is put up a little memorial to Murray and put his picture up. Right. That sounds good. And then get the Jeff Bush's picture out of there. Exactly. Have a good day. Thanks for the good news. Okay. There won't be long steak and shake is coming. I told you. Come in. In fact, why not send the kids to lunch at steak and shake? Why not have one in front of every school? Huh? What's wrong with that? Cheese for us. In fact, in fact, you don't have to have the food trucks. I mean, if there's really a desire to get something done, there are more ways to do it than just sitting around, you know, going, you know, going, you know, I mean, you know, all kinds of places where they're construction workers and they have the guys with the food trucks come by and they sell inexpensive sandwiches and whatever. Probably better stuff than you can buy you get in the goddamn a school lunch room in most schools. How about doing something like that? How about making it available right there on campus? You work kids have to go off campus and go shopping to McDonald's and when he's in Taco Bell and play a traffic caliber around and I'll still go on. You know, I'm also going to be there going on and getting laid during that 40-minute lunch break, which is their business. Maybe maybe some kids are eating something that day and on the menu. Here's top of the beach, hello. Top of the beach. Hello. Yes sir. I sent you a new version of the 10 Commandments and I addressed it wrong. It says station W2AM 200 North West second avenue Miami. You're essentially a roaches and I just got it back. It's a long article about the new version of the 10 Commandments and when I was reading it, I saw a few. I've been listed a few for 100 years. You want me to read it some? No, no, God forbid no. All right. Now let me have your dress because I'm like, you're a drug sugar. We did dress. But no, I tried to get it. He said I got two options. He's a talker. You're not talking. Yeah. Well, why did you tell him that? Why won't you just tell me that? No, I'm sorry. I was in charge. Oh, George. Oh, he was taking forever to get to his point. I thought he had a big long story. Oh, yeah. He's a lucky opportunity now. Okay. You just wanted to put you to the, you wanted to put you through the ringer. Okay. Hang on. When you got to go through a little grief to get, you know, you think we're just going to give you the address for nothing? Is that what you think? Uh-huh. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. I love this. I may just read the whole editorial from the Atlanta Constitution. I know what people hate it when I read stuff on here, but too bad. It's great. In fact, every time I do read stuff on here, we get a whole Zidian bunch of people saying, oh, please put that on your website or please work and we get a copy of that. Just like that, uh, idiotic thing I read yesterday from Sherry Winston and you got them son Sentinel. I mean, this garbage this swell. Oh, people who just don't have common sense. People who are professional, Everybody are professional, black professional Jews, professional Cuban, professional Goiim, professional idiots, whatever the hell they are. Eeeeyy! Go on, yeah. Get with it. Always everybody else's fault. All we didn't, you know, the copy was that this reaching for a waste band. It's just an excuse. Sherry, you're a jackass on it. You're an idiot. You're eminently unqualified to be running a column. Even for the guy named Lucy Reader, even the kids would laugh their answer about you. Sherry, you're a civil den. Here's a mobile and watch Palm Beach, Hilla. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I got a date county school's uh, solution. They just have Jeff Cohen delivered to the school. All right. There you go. Hey, uh, another thing you'd better teach it and that's sloppy. I saw the other day. Yeah, another thing that's all John. I took my nephew to uh, to the opening day at the Panthers of hockey. Yes, sir. And they were nice enough to not charge the park. But uh, last year when we went all the food, everything was half price. This time it seems like they tripled it. Two hot dogs and two coats for like 1450. Yeah. That's incredible. Well, they just keep raving you man in the food sucks to begin with. That's, uh, I've wanespecally. And then the other thing they did was let her. That got her to ballpark like Hank is always saying, God damn food at P.P. Park. I wouldn't peep you on the best part of it. That's how bad it is. And next time we'll meet McDonald's. That's right. Next uh, the other issue was uh, last year they let you uh, go downstairs and go back stage into the locker rooms and check everything out. Uh, this year they were charging for VIP passes to go back there and everything. That's what that was kind of uh, yeah, not really a fan appreciation type thing. How do one friends and influence people? That's another reason they didn't put the guy in. Go liked him because they don't want to spoil the fans and give us too much, you know, for our buck. Hey, any free tickets for the opening day? No. Here's a facts from Bob like it which, oh, I'm glad that he sent this. Uh, not shocking for me to say that. But yesterday he sent this back saying, the good news is there's a new airline for all of you vagus lovers like me. National Airlines, which started this year and they've been flying from other cities, not South to Vegas, but as usual, we're weight on on the list. But Miami to Vegas, that'll be flying non-stop starting as December of this year. We'll be flying 757 with 175 passenger configuration and said the normal 200, 22 seats in first class. We're owned by Harris and Rios Weats, but make sure you get the best service. It's national airlines and they start this December. Non-stop direct Miami to Vegas. So say goodbye to America. Oh, God, are they blow? Also, so Bob Ross has a fact today saying, my new hero Governor Jesse Ventura in his playboy interview said all religions are for mindless wins. Nice going there, Jesse. So Jesse Ventura, see we can't afford to wait till 2004. We need Jesse to run now. Saw him on there, like was it wasn't on Larry King was on some other, I don't know where it was. I was on MSNBC. We need him now. He said, organize religion is a scam and a clutch for the week-minded. All right, there you go. And he also wants to decriminalize pot. He's also, he's made a very clear last night. His vision of the reform party is fiscal conservative. And socially liberal. How do you like that? There you go. What we've been looking for for a billion years. That's exactly what we need. Fiscal conservative, social liberal. Somebody with netizens sticking his nose and everybody's got them bedroom and the pontificating what everybody ought to do. Empyauton jail sells with all these poor weed people so we can put some real criminals in there. And tell everybody the religion is a goddamn scam. It's a big rip-off. It's a lie. It's a big frickin' business. Oh, God. We'll only have somebody like that leading this country. Or just even leading this town. Why am I in a sort of they got him? What, look what we got down here. We're stuck with Bush. Too much God damn Bush, man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, honey. So what are we going to have for lunch, by the way? Or you're over here. We're going to get pizza from a breaded Tony's today. I mean, I realize it won't be nearly as good as the crap that we saw in the me shall kill and piece on channel 4 yesterday. The greasy slimy pizza. Look, I don't know what that was. It was a little sauce on there, but it's not. But you know, she's handling and she's sneezing and she's farting and she's wrecking. You can know it's an arrest and then handling the food and the money and the handed goods your kids. God, almighty. There ought to be a revolution in this town. Oh, what's going on in this school system? In the fact that there's not. And let me say it again. It's not just a commentary on the town. It's a commentary on the parents. I'm using people out there. Most of whom don't see the give a crap. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil was a Mariponella spy report. He was at a conference this morning and he was the speaker there and he introduced his wife as William. My wife William. Yeah. I look around table and I don't know if anybody else got it, but whatever. I didn't know the man. Well, maybe he's married to a guy named William. Oh, you know, I'm human's always calling him out of comb. I don't know. Maybe they got a point. Yeah, that's true. Also, I want to ask you some, I don't know if you've ever mentioned this on the air, but I know Country music is for idiots, but how do you do what Johnny Cash? How do I feel about him? I mean, you know, he makes me feel kind of shaky to be honest with him. You look, no, I feel like John Lassette is wearing this straight. You're about to wear yours, you're just, yeah. All right. All right, Neil. You're the best. Okay. I'd like that Johnny Cash. He's your canteen, canteen? Oh, no. Never could sing a look. And I'll tell you when he's 140 years old, and he's got a, well, I'm looking to half in a grave. He'll still be making you another comeback. 10, 30, what is it? It's 10, 56. How do you like that? It's 5, 60, WQM. I feel like I just sat down here already. My, uh, rectum is on fire. I'm so pissed off about this school thing. I just, I don't understand people. I don't get it. I mean, it's not something revolutionary. No textbooks, no food, no meals for a whole bunch of these kids. And it's like, oh, yeah, what do you make in trouble for? What's the, we just, it's just the way it is. We got too many kids. We can't afford to feed them. And this is the assistant to both end of the school with a man here piece. Henry Fraud. God, are you people in Dave County, man? I wonder we all moved to Broward, Jesus Christ. Thank God. I did, I was dead ahead of the time before everybody started flying out. I did a long ago. Maybe I had a little bit of foresight, foreskin. I would in for free. No. No matter what you do. No. I don't care how hard you try. All you got to do is to take a life off. I'm so sorry for being clean. And I think that that you can in so free too. That is next job. And for this just a joke and your double ego. And the A.B. Snowing Sun. I would in for you. No. No matter what you do. I don't care how hard you try. All you got to do is to take a life off. Just think about it. Maybe that's our great hope for America. Let's hear out. Goddamn, draft the body campaign. So anyway, nobody responded a couple of days ago when I mentioned to you. In fact, somebody called and alerted me. Do it, which I thank the guy for doing. But nobody must have seen that piece on date line two night. To go, which they repeated an MSNBC last night about the Atkins die. And I sure that guy that lost a hundred. And it was considering most of the pieces are usually very negative in hostile. This one was pretty well balanced and the head doctor Bob on air looking old. And you know, but he's great. And the guy that lost a hundred pounds and it's kept it off for over a year. His cholesterol has gone way down. He's in great health. He hasn't felt better in a city of New Year. He's got all kinds of energy. And they showed us freezer and his freezer was loaded with meat. And I've always said, that's always been my motto, man, if you can't reach for some real good meat, you ain't, you know, life isn't worth living. You always got to have it close by. So it's kind of too bad JP went back to school, you know. But seriously, he had ribs and he had steaks and he had, you know, name it. He just loaded. And that's what you got to do. That's the only way you can stay on the Atkins. It's just just to make sure that you're whole house and also where you're car. Like when I leave here every day, if I had some slim gyms to take with me, some beef jerky, some slim gyms on the way home. Not when I come in in the morning, but on a way home if I had that stuff to not shine a little bit. Just to tide me over during that. And by the way, one of the reasons I'm frustrated when I leave here is no more a Soviet air to guide the intern plaque. Why did you people take away my girlfriend, Sylvia, you maniac, at the intern plaque by the guy named Paul Park? Since I raved about what a great person he was, now much I love, they're, she vanished. They probably put her at some other joint, just to piss me off. Some of you, somebody did see that. Don't forget our center once the starts tomorrow and all the spectators all over the country. All the spectators all over town in South Florida, they'd grow it in Palm Beach. Maybe someday if I live long and I thought, why you have your fingers crossed like that. No, no reason. What does that mean? Is there some doubt that there'll be in the aspects tomorrow? I told you the story, but they'll be nippentucked. It'll be there. They will be there. They will be there. You better tell me that there will be there. I'll tell the story about the golf tournament. They'll be there at the appearance. That's for sure. They'll be there at the appearance, which is it's specs. This Saturday I'll be there at the sawgrass mills mall, which is right at the blue, adult and entrance of your Ruby Tuesdays, offling a road near rooms to, to, uh, go, noon to two of the Saturday at the sawgrass. So anyway, and then also we're going to be doing the next appearance. It pizza loft at Tuesday, October 19, 16th, 8 p.m. Pizza loft in Davy, a university drive behind Perwin Impulse. You're a little bit nervous when you start talking like that, like maybe this, and maybe that, especially after the disgraceful and embarrassing story, which I wasn't going to tell on the year about the Fiasco. It wasn't bad enough we had all the OJ business going on. It wasn't bad enough for that. And then, and I didn't see it myself, but the rumor right here is that one of our people on a one-dimensional sand, who's as useless as Tets on a goddamn pencil. I don't want to mention him. But when on the year along with that embarrassing OJ crappin, just claimed that we raised 25 grand per cent of one of the golf tournaments, and come to find out from my historic lawyer, Norm Kandu, called me in the middle of the show. Yesterday during commercial break to tell me that we only raised over a little over two grand per cent of one, because all the rest went for expenses. So we went through all of that. Every dollar, every dime helps its great, it's a great charity. But the go-on year and tell people we raised 25 grand, when we raised really two grand, is that sound like a little green line you? But then again, line is our middle name here at QAM. Here's a lady in the keys, hello. Anyhow. Yes, ma'am. Okay, I call it a couple weeks ago about nominating you for staying hood, and the Pope said, no. Uh-huh. I'm sorry. And Pope said no? The Pope's name is Hatsawir. And then we're at the dumb column. You and your golden crowbar. Yeah. I've just a couple of things. I don't know if it was brought up. I tuned in an hour late today. Catch up is a vegetable. Right. We call that. Okay. And just hit on something else. She said last week that didn't want to be chronic. I think Columbia should be most favored trade nation. It already is. Well, I mean, on the record. Yeah. As opposed to China. In fact, if George W. didn't get to me, he's going to make it to an outset the first day. For the first day. I have. You're at nothing. Well, surprise. In fact, I would have to. I always write in. I am a registered voter. I vote. Real eddously. And I wrote in. Right. What happens, sorry? Are you that? I don't know why. I'm just going to say that. I'm just going to say that. You know, you can be dead. Votes itself for you. Right. You could probably be dead to run if you look at some of the candidates. I voted for Ralph Nader and Frank Rappa. Yeah. And I, I'm just going to see the body. What do you say? Oh, God. Yeah. I mean, and let's start a big movement. Right now. I say today. Let's start a gigantic movement for Jesse the body. We can't wait another four years. He puts the puck in the bucket. Right. That's right. He puts the obisket in the band. And I think if you're not experienced in a smoke in a little weed, you're not fit to run this country. Right, that's right. It's a new millennium baby. One more thing. Yes, ma'am. I have a daughter in rehab. Before to fix mom, she's 15 years old. She's in there because she has addicted to pot, okay? And this is what they say. And it kills all your sperm cells. And I don't think she has any sperm cells. Yeah. But that's what they say. And when they took her away, three people took her away to the place. I was co-instead in the judges chamber. And the judge suggested that would I voluntarily go into rehabilitation myself. I didn't tell her I've been smoking pot for 30 years. And I was feeling pretty surly. And I said no. And she insisted. And she said, and I said no. And she said, well, we can put you in contempt of court. And I said, well, you do what you have to do. But I don't care because I could use a little time off. Meanwhile, life is good in the keys. Okay. Hang in there sweetheart. Bye, baby. Okay, bye, bye. Wow. The best of the 99 CDs is coming Friday. Careman's specs music is being and proud of us. West, on the voice of catch the ill of hearing inspects our grass mills. So this Saturday from noon to noon. And feeling so bad to the deal. It's a benefit for us. And you're wise from 5.60 QA now. It was the notion in the basket. Because the proof that I'm in sounds like everyone else on the charts and the audience. And we sing just like girls. And we're really happy that I think. We thank each other. I'll remain in good condition. What you think is I'm confused. Got no clue. Because I know I'm bad I may be as good to me. The sounds of the round. As we grow south the same. Yeah, we're thankful they're easy. And just a little. And boy, don't you. So we're back in tight. Sounds just like a... I can feel you and it's gone. Maybe like a little. Or my opinion just the world sees it's lame. You're a bad guy. I can see. I know what you think. But I know this song's fake. No matter now we all have to true. Oh, I'm gonna ask you to do something. Yes. I'm so pleased. Oh, I'm so pleased. Yeah. I'm so pleased. I'm so pleased. I'm so pleased. I'm so pleased. I'm so pleased. I'm so pleased. Why do we keep doing that? Are we that desperate? Are we that? A bunch without any kind of principle whatsoever? And we put a man with no personality, a bland, disaster, a horrendous, rotes. President, you're wearing most of Amy has ordered the arrest of homosexuals in Compalade Uganda saying you and human rights conventions do not necessarily apply to Africa and newspaper reported. How do you like that? It's a happy canon like this. He's considering moving, but there's too many smarts out there. I've told the criminal investigation department to look for homosexuals, locked them up and charged them to this issue of the government owned new vision newspaper quoted him and saying homosexuality is illegal in Uganda and carries a maximum of punishment of life and imprisonment. The Uganda leader criticized the universal legislation of human rights saying it had not been drawn up with the participation of African countries and therefore was not universal in Africa. We'll show you a thing or two. Okay. You think we're barbarians? We'll prove it to you. That's in Uganda. Sylvia is working the second shift. What does that mean? So I don't get to see her anymore? That's a time. Well, God damn it. I miss you Sylvia. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Lone. I guess nobody did see that atkins piece. Because it was pretty good. It was pretty well balanced. It was almost the except for that goddamn, you know, they got to bring on the the naysayers. They've always got to do that just to cover their ass. Just in case a bunch of people croak. We're so far. We see anybody croak from any at all. All those crap about kidney disease. No. No. Here's Margie. Hello. Yeah, we don't know. Okay, sir. Did you know that this is the band book week? Really? Yeah. And six of the ten novels of this century have a makes that the ship battles. And the worst is in Florida, work in Pensacola. They tried to band human anatomy physiology because it showed explicit sexual drawings and human Gentiles. Oh my god. Human Gentiles. Oh my god. They were being free. A couple very much. A couple of Gentiles. That's what I say. A little house in a very great charat. And great graduate of all. They've all been trying to be sent to the one time. And they've got 150 members of the Congress. I guess they're not liberals. They're Christian Wright. I trained to have true, I think, strict, strict language and books. So it's getting worse instead of better. Oh, no. There you go. Okay. Pretty soon I'll be banding guy damn time magazine. It'll be next. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Oh, there we go. Line 8 again. We're getting that new phone in here someday. If we live long enough, so we won't have to go through that again. Oh, boy. I feel like, you know, this place you take one little tiny half a step forward. And then you take ten steps backwards. Just when you think you're making a little bit of progress. There's a North Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a kid in tempered finds my eye live there. And they're supposed to go to flanagan high school. She's a ninth grade, but they go out to the ninth grade, annex. 55 portables. And they have PE. Now the PE is done in the field out behind the portables. Yeah. No water to drink. No trees. No overhang. And the kids are there for an hour and a half class. Imagine what that smells like when that's done. Yeah. There's no showers. Yeah. There's no showers. No showers. There is no lockers. The kids must wear sneakers or carry them and the clothes that they wore during Gym with them all day long. Oh, my God. And I've been to the school already. And one of the things I wanted to mention before I go is that every parent that hears me, they are responsible. It's not a service. I want to tell you something right now. Okay. So the only caller I got on the board. Now, or nearly I wouldn't have mentioned that because I said a few days ago when I really meant it. Then I'm going to rely a lot less on calls since we don't get that many. But you're the, that shows you how much these parents give a crap about what's going out with their kids. They just don't care. Well, they're responsible. If the government doesn't want to pay for education, they should vote him out. If the school board is negligent and believe me, this is the worst kind of negligence. The water is undrinquable. And you know, the teachers, the teacher works out. They're all day long. Not to, you know, it's like, it's a joke. I went over to the school. I complained. I'm going to go to the advisory board meeting and I tell every parent that has a kid in times that has, especially in ninth grade. Yeah. 43 hundred students in Flatagan High School built for 1800. Beauty. And there's 1300 at the portable side, 65 portables. But you know what Florida is like in the morning, 90 degrees. They're an hour and a half. It's a joke. And they do excels. They must smell real good. They're the one who's wonderful. And the exercise, you know, they do exercise. They do exercise. They must run a mile. Then they do exercise. And where do they do it? On a thing of black top. Paint it green. Excellent. Yeah. And if they're not going to do it in the grass. And this is totally acceptable. You know, they say, oh, it's not. Lady told me lovely people worked there. I mean, it's a miserable circumstance. They said, oh, they're never going to put showers out here. This is only temporary. I said, how to breathe and it'll be. Five, ten years. They're never going to change. Never. And these kids are there. And then they want the children to respect the system, to respect the teacher. They want all kinds of respect. They want the kids to count out and they treat them like dogs. And no adult would take it. No adult would take it. And the parents should be ashamed. Amen. I'm in bed. I'm in the middle. How humiliated for the fact that just after this channel four pieces last couple of days, the publisher would be screaming bloody murder that there's set in their kids to school. And then a whole bunch of Middle East and Dave County aren't even getting fed along. She ever got to end. They don't even have an opportunity to get a meal. Well, my mother daughter goes as a year younger two years younger. And she needs to start eating lunch at 10 30. 10 30. And a finished lunch at one 30 in the schools over at two thirty. I mean, it's the politicians allowed to build their. The building building never thought about a school. And now here we are and there's going to be even more kids there. And you know, my generation, as I wore and always grabbed they aren't doing jack. Well, they're not worrying about making a fuck. Amen. And now when their kids grow up, what's in store for them? What's in store for them? Not going to get any better unless somebody just starts screaming about it. It's just going to get worse. And I love the comment by Jesse Ventura. Katie Corrick and those people in that show this morning look like somebody shot him between the eyes. Good. Our broker said, well, you know, he didn't know what to do. He was like, whoa, I gave it. And it's the, it's absolutely needed to be said, thank God. This guy, somebody. He's the only, hopefully, God, I'll tell you that. The rest of them and they're all the same. You put him in a barrel of the Euretgen and grab one. They all smell the same. It's so embarrassing. I hope somebody heard me. I'd love to see a thousand people at that advisory board meeting. It's October 18th or 19th. They can call the school. Burn it down. Okay. Thanks for calling me. Thanks. There's a guy that cares anyway. That's unusual. 560, 50560, POM560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I've been telling this audience for a thousand years. I've been screaming bloody murder about the priorities of the American public being upside down. And they are, man. Sick. Twisted upside down. God, I have a new stadium baby. We got to have a new sports facility. Yeah, right. Your kids are going to learn a lot there. Who ever heard of these things? Who ever heard of any of these things? Kids bringing guns into school. Kids bringing knives into school. Kids with no lockers. Kids with no lunch. Kids with the portable guide damn classrooms. Kids with no textbooks. And the bushes by the way, both of them. Over in Texas and here in Florida. Oh, yeah. We'll solve this. We'll put the guide damn public school business. Put the system out of business. What we'll do. The private and the pro-cule school. Is that a one's that a good. And if you're school by the way and up to stuff. We'll penalize it. You're for instead of trying to bring it up to level. Everybody else. If you got low test scores, we'll stick it to you. To guarantee that your kids won't get any education there. And the one school system in Texas by the way, I read a, that didn't, uh, wasn't up to stuff. They're having a nervous breakdown about bush. Who all voted for him by the way. And now realize what a phony he is a guide in a lettuce. Piece of crap. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Yeah. Let me just tell you something. I sat in on a parent teacher night at Tamarack Elementary last night. Yeah. I got to tell you. I walked out there and I didn't have high blood pressure walking in. I did walking out. All we heard is how shed bush screwed this up and jubbered. Screwed this up. That he didn't realize how many A schools we have here in Brown County. And now there's not enough money in the budget to reward the A schools. And how my kids have to learn a doctrine put out by the state, which allows them to pass a thinking desk. They can't write a sentence, but as long as they file a state guidelines. And as long as they're able to answer the task questions properly, they're promoted to the next next grade. So Brown. Right. It's just enough that I mean, what do you do? We've been fighting this for years. The answer is we got to move out of state. It's unfortunate. But there's nothing you can do to correct the situation here. It's a sin. What they put these kids to do realize my kids each lunch at 1.30 in the afternoon. She leaves school at 2.30. She leaves lunch at 1.30 to 2. There's no recess. She has physical education once every six weeks. It's unbelievable what these schools have become. And somebody has to wake up and somebody has to see what's happening here. Because Columbine is going to be a common occurrence. Because there's no way these kids can stand up to what's happening to them. They can't do it. I don't know. You're the only sane voice on the radio. I wish you could do something about it. But I know even you can't. Yeah. Okay. We're trying just like the channel four piece. Like I said, at least they got a response in one day. At least they got a response. Even though it wasn't a good response, but at least the public's eyes on it now. And more people got to start screaming about this stuff. It's unacceptable. It is unfricanish. And these two guys that call there and and like I'm always telling you, we don't hear from any of the mothers out there. We hear from a lot of mothers, but not the mothers are the kids. Women don't give a crap about this. They're too busy watching Oprah and Jerry Springer. That's all they give a crap about. Let me just tell you this. If that's your mentality, stop making babies. Okay. Get fixed right now. Stop making any more babies. Please do us all a public service. We don't need any more God than babies. They need to get thrown off bridges or stuck in pizza ovens. Please. All these crazy right to life or these fetus huggers out there. They don't give a crap about any of this. All they give a crap about is overpopulating the world. Which we've already done an unbelievable job of doing. Oh no, we can't afford to build any more God damn news schools. Let's build some more prisons so we can put some more God damn marijuana growers in there. Some more weed criminals in there. And you give me a song in a dance like that. One punk. Oh screw you on you. When I'm telling you about what a screwed up society. This is I don't care how many God damn strip shopping centers you got. How many glitzy neon signs you got or how many super highways you got. This is still a God damn slaughterhouse. This is a place for idiotic barbarians. This isn't a God damn civilized place. For people don't give a crap about their kids. All this empty rhetoric. All our children are our most important resource. Yeah, right. What a freaking joke. We got the God damn word police in a pot police. But we don't have anybody that interested in teaching anybody to have an IQ larger than a thumbnail. Get smart America. It's about freaking time. Like I said, Jesse the body. I'm right this name in. Floridians dumb asders. In theaters now from the producer of the six cents here. The seven cents. I smell all people. Let me do. Thanks, my life. Then get it. No, like most balls. Thanks, my life. I'm a galvanic. I'm like, you're falling. The seven cents. No, like an albatore stops with mom ball. Show me now. Okay, here's the news. The path is just rated Billy Lindsay to Calgary for Todd Simpson, which I had a fact on that earlier. But now it's official just happened. Did I tell you that they were going to trade Billy Lindsay not to let that days go? Oh, yes. 56050560 pound 560 on the AT&T. Ronald Sonson, we're doing something. And watch those calls just drop off like flies. Man, wow. See, they're really whipped up about this. It's that important to them. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Okay, sir. Okay. Well, just for all I'm the bad sign. I'll get to the good side. I just can't wait to see you at. Brilliant. Thanks for your usual brilliant call. 56050560 pound 560 on the AT&T. Why does line? Here's Daniel. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You're such a goddamn boy. Long live. I went. Yeah, long live Howard. Guess what? Howard A. Now, right now. Okay, you old fart. Long live Howard. Howard A. Not until 11 30 in a morning and you're listening today. Like you do every day. That's why I'm so boring because you know, that's why you're listening. Old, old, wrinkled tired. You're the reason that all these things go on in this state. Because this is in the state for young people anyway. This is a place for old farts like you. Who want to make everybody else dressed as miserable as you are. Long live Howard. Yeah. You should live so long. That's disguise only relationship with sexes. It's a listen to Howard in a morning. That's as close as this guy's ever going to get again. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello. Hey, you're how are you? Okay. I had three three stories. First of all, can you just go? I tried to talk to the school district down there on Brewer County about my kid's school. Nobody wrote the bus owners. No bus is everybody was driven to school or walk to school. And a bunch of us parents thought the traffic pattern was unsafe. We had us just to change it. You know, there's actually a class. You have to take a broader community college like the protocols and talk into people who work for the school district. Like you'd have to know when to kiss the ring and when to scrape it. Great. I'm proud of the protocols of speaking to people that work for the school district. Basically, it's like how to get through how to get your address. Your concerns address at the school district. Like a protocols of the elders of sunrise like that. And let me tell you something else too. Okay. Given it's if this is a plumber, which you keep giving them more money, the problems that they don't have money. The problems that have buildings full of people who never do it. Damn thing all day and get a salary. What we ought to do is we have to fire everybody that works for the government that doesn't talk to three tax payers a week. Make them go home for a month and then let the people who are left over vote on new gifts that come back. Okay. Because that's the only way to crowd out. They wasted money. And it's just like the fire chief wants a new fire truck. Well, he's going to learn a couple of houses burned down. I bet he gets his new fire truck. They put the pressure on at the point of sale, which is where our kids go in there. And they just ask for more money and more money and more money. And they don't do nothing with it. Except spend them on themselves and how more people want them. So they're a bigger shot. And that's the problem with every part of our government. Mom, I'm going to go to BCC and take a course and find out how to speak to the Colors. Well, I assure you that's the case. I have to get take that right after win surfing. Well, you just go try to make a plumber to principle with a school. If you get there. And if I tell you, you take in, you know, if I forget what the number of the courses or something. But you're a certificate. Like this guy knows how to, you know, address you properly. I have to make sure you have that. I'm also going to get into collecting 101 too. Make sure I know you need to bend down. And I'm just going to think of bars me. So think of bars me about you. I mean, you're so pro government. And it's this was a plumber. You would fire. Or is this another gunhugger? Is that what this is? Well, that's exactly the same thing. Well, okay, thanks. Because you weren't making any sense anyway. 5, 6, 7. Well, think that bothers me about you. Yeah, is that you're so pro government. What is that? I'm pro government. I'm as anti-government as anybody you'll ever meet in your life. See, this guy really, this is all a smoke screen. Okay, it's just, that's all he's concerned about. It's just don't take away my guns. So he cares about. Oh, you're so pro government. That's a freaking job. Get the government out of everybody's bedroom off their back. Out of your lives. And have them start doing the things that you're paying your taxes for. That's all we need government for. Educate your kids protect the guy damn public. Provide the services, etc. And so on. And keep the infrastructure going. And that's it. That's all we need. Have the government do the things that were paying our taxes to have them do. Period. Period. End of discussion. Let's get rid of the guy damn word police. Let's get rid of the guy damn bedroom police. Let's get rid of the pop police. I'm so big on big government. You should live so long, pal. You got to, you're just obsessed with your guy damn. I'm so small of you. Little phallic object. That's being a little smoothie this guy. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. I've never called up a show before. I've listened to it for a long time. And I've never felt like calling. But, you know, I have a 12 year old daughter. And unfortunately, I've been able to put her in private schools for. And the reason why is when she was. Start school. We've brought her to the old mentors who were supposed to go. And there were two signs. Probably eight foot. Big square. No guns or drugs allowed. These are five year old kids that have to walk into a school and be safe with something like that. And, you know, I guess, I'm having a rough time going because I don't do this very often. But she's been a private schools and the programs that she has. You can see the advantage. And you can see why wealthy people continue to become wealthy. Because there's such a distinct advantage. I mean, they're learning programs that I probably didn't learn until I was in college. It's such a tremendous program. I don't think it would cost anymore to put these in the public schools. I don't think it cost anymore to do a good job. And it does a good bad job. Except all they want to do here is. Again, I stay up to their armpits and bureaucracy and coddle the idiots to dummies who aren't learning anything and are going to be able to learn anything. So they can keep them there and keep advancing them with a so called. This bull crab that's been going on for as long as I've been in the state. We've been walking from year to year to year. And it's a bunch of garbage. Get them with the hell out of there. Take the disruptive people. Take the idiots where the low learners and slowers and get them out of the way everybody else. When it does get them out. And that's it. And you see that in school. I mean, if you're a problem you're out. You don't they don't pay attention to that. You can call the problems. It's one of the other kids. You don't belong here. We'll be one. And then we want to build more stadiums, which is another real. I mean, it's like. I want to tell you something. My blood curdles when I think about the potential. Let one dime more of tax money could be spent to build one more. God damn sports facility. And a town that's already got too many sports facilities. So much are hardly ever used anyway in the Miami arena, which almost will never be used. This is a crime and to think that the mayor and a lot of other politicians like some of the commissioners in for a lot of day on now. And in the mirror of Miami and all of these assholes are willing to try to get us sucked in again. And the both major newspapers by the way coming down on the side of this idiot John Henry. This is unconscionable. What hurts is the unbelievable. They're going to win. They're going to get their. But they're not. They don't know. They will not win. Believe me. They're going down when I told you that it will be no new stadium for the Marlins right it down in Braille. I just feel that there's so many more on. He's not going to happen, man. Just take a look at the penny sales tax. Okay. People are starting to wake up. Better late than never. I hope so. Okay. Good luck. And good luck to us. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the 18 T. Rattles line. Just what we need is to find some. See, I hate to break the news to you. Well, you know, the money from the tourists is a vet. But the fact is, it's still revenue that we collect. Oh, boy. Just like all the lottery money that was supposed to go to education. Did they all go to education? No. No. You can do whatever you want with that money because we're collecting that revenue. So you can put it to good use. Or you can put it up for crap for nonsense for garbage. So you can again help out the billionaires that these people are in bed with. You people at the Harold and the Sun Sentinel. Just on this one issue. Where the hell are you? Where are you? Where's your outrage? Where's your goddamn common sense? Or if they got their hands so God deep in your pockets that you, you, you, your common sense is gone. If you ever had any. Beware of exploding bald. From the creators of the fabulous show, who wants to be a millionaire is. Who wants to live in a trailer park? Okay. For 35 boot stamps, a child will have an IQ of 4. If your sister has sex with a her brother. That's me. Be for a cousin. I'm just a general see the town idiot. Hey, that's me too. Or D. The family dog. Scrubby? I don't know that. I didn't get no babies from it. So I'm gonna have to go with A her brother. My final answer. Yeah. And the answer is, yeah. Either A or C because you are her brother and the town idiot. And you do in fact have a son with an IQ of 4. Don't you? A stop trying to see if your bum crack Billy Joe Bought. And smile to the gamers. See you in the next time. As we try and turn those 35 food stamps into a double barrel shotgun with no safety. On who wants to live in a trailer park? On ABC, the EFG. It's 145 at 5. 60 WCM. They had a piece on it. It was last night again. It's morning about those two school bus accidents. Yesterday I run a country and two kids getting killed. And it's really interesting that at this late date, how many years have they had school buses? And now the big debate about it is, well, I certainly have seat belts. And a one group of people are saying, well, you know, you got to have them and I'll save lives. And then the other group of people, while we had a study and it shows that more kids will get killed if we have seat belts because their bones will crack in and get thrown into the set. Now it's a real good time to be warned about that, isn't it? 400 years later. But the real issue that they don't they talk a little bit about, but because we don't want to be insensitive to anybody is the nature of the people who are driving your kids to school and bring them home every day. And you know something, probably the less you think about this, the longer you live, because it'll stress you out if you think about the nature of those people who are driving the school buses. Ehh, I've got seen all of them. I'm just saying most of them. Most of them shouldn't even be allowed to drive a goddamn Volkswagen Beetle out there in a goddamn highway, much less a school bus. Do you know how difficult it is to drive a bus by the way? It's not like driving a goddamn car. Looks like driving a truck. We got people driving school buses who are eminently absolutely positively unfreaking qualified. Like the one guy was, what was it? Is fourth wreck where he hit the kid the other day? Is fourth a fourth time he had somebody? But it was a little black kid so we shouldn't be that worried about it. I guess that's what it is. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. You've taught me to call. I've never called your show before and I've listened to you for years. But in the sunset known, Miami, Harold, they had an article about this. He came here all kids and broke into Guy's house in Cooper City. And the guy shot the kid. And the mother was saying that, you know, he had her 18 year old son's been arrested 40 times. And there's something wrong with the system because the system failed him. The system couldn't help him. And yet, you know, they talked about how he had the 18 month old kid. He's still in high school. He's your mother. The 18 month old kid. He went home. He has an 18 month old kid. Yeah. He's not the one who made babies. Let's hear it. He's making babies. He's robbing houses. And there's something wrong with the system. The system failed. The make-up you should, you know, like steroids, all these crazy people that ever haven't Soaring and that are out there. First organization. Let me say it again. First sterilization. Yeah. Just discussing it. Or people on America like this to keep on reproducing kids to keep on out there. Healing things and, you know, rape and people. And yet there's not a long with the system because we can't re-evaluate these kids. Well, take care. Good luck to us, pal. Now the system is like us down, not him. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the 18. That's what Sherry Winston says. You know, she said, one fine fine taste good. I could do a cigarette should. And now what she said. And that idiot of calling yesterday about mama's and daddy's and all this other horse craft. Oh, Jesus. So anyway, Jesse, the body this morning. I didn't see it. It was on the NBC on the today show. Because I saw him on last night. Now did you have the exact quote or close to it? You were telling me before, but he said about religion. Apparently he said it in an interview, playboy interview and then he. Oh, and he not hated it. Yeah. He repeated it. And he said, organized religion is a scam. And a crutch for the weekmind. It's a rye. There you go. Scam and a crutch for the weekmind. It's so close. Jesse, the body of Ventura in his playboy magazine interview. And he also said, let them smoke weed. Come on. How do you like that? See, or nearly any politician in this country is scared crapples to say anything like this. Because they feel like got to be good at good to choose and they got to pander to the, you know, the, the so called middle America mentality. Wherever that is. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, thanks for talking about this topic. I'm going to show you a little something. I have set, I got five nieces and two nephews. And I have one of my nieces who's 15 is already popping out kids. And my, my other niece, she can she is barely literate. She's graduating high school and they gave her social promotion. Social promotion is my family. And they have, and also we got remember the grave curvature so that people who kids who get 60% of child is are still considered a passing grade. They're lucky, you know, they get 60% of their test rights. Okay, you're passing. And in my nephew who plays sports, we won't even go into that. They give them basically basket weaving 101 for a whole high school. This to keep them on the football team. And he comes on he's basically talking like an illiterate groom. And that's what, that's what my, my relatives are turning out to be. And I can just, I'm not going to be talking about. I can just, I'm going to be talking about some day they'll let you come and visit the trainer park. If you're really talking about, I should be, they do live in one that's the entire house. And we're talking to you with a meal. I am from Arkansas. What do you expect that? Oh, that's my brother. Yeah, my brother and his wife between the two of them. They have 10 kids and they can match between the two of them. They can match, lose Taylor's weddings amount of weddings. There you go. That's the important stuff. The problem, you know, the future. We must talk about, about, procreate the faith. Okay, thanks for the good news, pal. Babies, make it babies. That's what it's all about. God forbid, we sure don't want to teach these kids about birth control stuff like that. Because that'll get them all horny and whipped up to a frenzy and they'll start doing it. Keep a magnet, baby. That keep an ignorant bear foot and pregnant. That's the right wing mentality here. That's coming from me who's so big on big government. That's that guy. What an asshole that guy was. Jesus. He's called before what his right wing rhetoric is. Gun and sucking rhetoric. Oh, what worries me about you is what's wrong with you is. Well, the right nothing wrong with me, pal. I'm perfect. Just ask me. I'm a perfect asshole. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's my email. Hey, Neil. How are you? Pretty good sir. Quick point. I got here was on a little bit of a go up his daughter was in school and Pemberpines. Right. I'm a trailer. I'd like to know every builder when you build a new house. You have to pay impact fees to Howard County. One impact fee goes to Parks and Recreation. The others for education. Yeah. What in the world is going on? I don't know. I'll tell you that money they're collecting. Beats me. I mean, there's one case right there that got to have the money they're charging every on for it. So where's it going? More mismanagement in the government. Yeah. Going in somebody's pocket. That's the place. Oh, he's good. Just like that money was going to go to that penny sales tax and date county. Yeah. That was going to go into the right into Mayor Pinguish. Going to our mayor's buddies pockets. Right. Got it. That's it, Neil. Okay. Thanks. Have a good one. 560560, Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Are they whipped up about this? No. All those mothers on a phone screen in the L on the howl and about what's going on with their kids? No. No. No. They're like I told you. They're busy watching Oprah. They're watching Jerry Springer. They're busy with important things. They can't be bothered with stuff like this. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good afternoon. Good morning, Neil. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Whatever it is. I'm a little worked up over the subject. Yeah. I'm filming it tomorrow. I don't see the people. The guy who called about his kid at Pines Elementary in the state of Florida. It's illegal to withhold water during physical activity. When children are engaged in any type of physical activity. Yeah. They are obligated to supply water every 20 minutes. Now, that may be an approach that he could take as far as getting, you know, causing some commotion over there because they're breaking the law. They're not supplying water to the kids while they're out in the black top. Sweat and they're of asses on. Right. Okay. Number one. That's that's one approach he may want to take. If the marlins get another stadium, why not say in the will they won't? But if they do. They better not. We will have $1 billion in stadiums in South Florida. Oh, yeah. So we have no room at school to educate our children. People like yourself. And we have kids not eating lunch. We have no textbooks for kids to take. Right. Right. If you speak out like yourself and myself, like I do, we're considered to be an American or we're mal content. So we got to super screw it up in the mind. And we just don't go along with, you know, everything that's we're supposed to go along with. That's ridiculous. That's where our country was built on was people speaking out against something that wasn't right and correcting it. Yeah. Well, nobody's speaking out. Nobody's screaming in the on the bottom. I mean, I mean, I'm doing the usual routine here trying to, you know, listen a little bit of response. This isn't one of the things that gets, it's not a sexy issue. You know, nobody really gives a crap. No, we've created a society of uneducated, ignorant people on one side. And a lead is self-ish jerks on the other. Right. Eventually, it's going to come back to the heart all of us. Nobody means eventually. And all of us. This is a lot of our house. This country is going to eventually. We're already in it. You're right. And the scary thing is we haven't even seen the worst of it. Yeah. And anyone who has any notion of voting for George W. Bush for the president of the United States is either in a leadist. Or has not done their homework and does not realize that this guy is nothing but a criminal. And it amazed me that people actually don't 80, hundreds of millions of dollars to his campaign. It just blows my mind. Why should that surprise you? Well, it shouldn't surprise me. He's the tool of big money. Why should it surprise you that he's attracting it like a magnet? That's amazing. It's unbelievable. Anyway, Neil, you keep up the good work. And at least we have one person down here to, you know, you enjoyed both. At least get it. Okay, pal. Thank you. See you. Yeah, I'm screaming at Neil and Howard and Keringon is going to do any good. Oh, no. Can't change the public overnight, man. You can't change him at all. I mean, they're just intractable and immutable. They got all the answers. They know what's important. Like a sports nerd that listen to this radio station the other 20 hours a day. Oh, you're peeing on our parade. You don't want that stadium because, first on the, you got some. Are you some of his paying you off? I only wish that I had tapes. If I had had my VCR goal and I was channel surf for last night and went from a game there in, in, in Chicago, at Kamiski Park. There was nobody there. I mean, nobody. And the game in Montreal. There was nobody there. And in St. Louis, Marum and this double head of Marum, a choir hit two more homerons as if it was a big news there. There was nobody there. But let's spend some hundred, four hundred million dollars more to build a guy in the baseball stadium. So this millionaire can, uh, weasel his way off and make some money. Because it's really, very important to our community. Let me say it again. You people at the Miami, Harold and the, uh, four Laternale Sun Sentinel, you're a guy named disgrace to this community. I only, the one thing we need more than anything else is a real news paper here. And of course, because of your monopolies, we'll never get it. You can, Miami, go to the, yeah. Immunitis report. You said you didn't stop, cocaine. We think that question is lying. I've been it did a lie, cocaine. You're just kidding, Betty did a whole live. cocaine. Seven years is fair. It's like the chicken you're in, cocaine. Think it was a hell. We only like the smell, cocaine. He's his life, he's his life, he's his life. cocaine. Jones, W, Bush, that you think of, cocaine. Oh, yeah. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. I got two stories here. I want you to hear real good, uh, just like the thing that I read that editorial from USA today about the guns, the shootings, and the Detroit and Windsor right across the river. Here's one from the front page of the Harold this morning out of Tallahassee. Miners need parental OK to get their bodies pierced now. Teenagers looking to pierce any part of their body other than their earlobes will have to get written permission from a parent under renewal law that takes effect on Friday. Those under 16 would have to bring a parent along for the piercing. Can you imagine if they're getting their f*** pierced and they're bringing mommy or daddy or both along to watch? No problems as Alex Vescalzo a person who's had to circus in Miami. That's always been our policy anyhow. We said the standard as you can't be tattooed if you're not a teen, so you can't be pierced either. It's sort of unwritten law. Pursing a bunch of 15 and 16 year olds who aren't going to take care of it makes everybody look bad. You want the parent along so you can tell everybody how to keep it from being infected. The body piercing law, and this is for the asshole that called the gunhugger, that's given me a song and an answer about how I love big government. The body piercing law one of several going into a facts Friday was the work of representative Carlos Valdez, Republican of Miami who pushed the bill for four years in the state legislature. Oh, it's all you liberals who want the big government. It is? Huh. Now here's a story. Poor and law violates kids' rights man argues out of what a pigman atoba in Canada. A win of pigman says it would be perfectly legal for him to have sex with a 14 year old girl, but he's a criminal for taking a topless photo over. That's why Gary Michael, a guy who's using the Canadian Constitution in his defense against child pornography charges. The legal age of consent for sex in Canada is 14. But the law says nude pictures of anyone under 18 constitute the child pornography. The fence attorney Ken McAfrey said the law discriminates against those 14 and older, who want to pose for titillating pictures. The law also prevents his client from using consent as a defense, which is a law for having sex with a minor. Guys, a lot of 56 was arrested at the home he shares with his 80 year old mother in January of 97, and charged with one kind of possessing child pornography, police seats, photos of girls in various stages of on dress. Provincial court judge Linda Greesbach found that you disabled former cement plan worker guilty, but reserved sentence until the Constitution argument is resolved, a new court date of October 28 was set. McAfrey noted that guys will not advocating child pornography, but pointing out where the law violates junked his equality rights. What we're advocating here is that a young person should have a right to choose, then it includes the right to make good choices and bad choices. Prosecutor Deborah Carlson, countered that while a sex act is fleeting, a photo is permanent and come back to harm participants later on, McAfrey referred to the recent British Columbia Supreme Court ruling that struck down the criminal code section outlawing possession of child pornography, saying it violated both freedom and personal privacy. The appeal of that case will be heard by the Canada Supreme Court in January. See any of the disparities there? Uh-huh. But if you want to get your body pierced here, you got to be over 18, or bring a parent along here in Florida here in the US of A. And if you want to have sex, you got to be over 40. Look at that phone, baby. What did I tell you? 560, 5050, 5060. I mean, you're pathetic. You're just pathetic. Nobody can move you with a goddamn crowbar or the lightning rod with a foot up your rectum. Nothing can move these bastards off the dime. 23 years of the same agitation I've been trying. Everything I know standing on my head, squeezing my nostrils, everything that I possibly know. Can you do it? No. Can't move them for a lover money. Try to move the people in this company. I try to tell them not to tell a lie. 560, 5050, 5050, 5050 on the AT&T line. Here's Sunny Isles. Hello. Hey, you're how you doing? Okay. I'll let you saw the article in this edition of the New Times. There's a great article. It's just a noted, John Henry about the stadium. Oh, I didn't see that. Yeah, it's a by Jim Mullins. A great article. It's on page 11. I can text you if you want. But it's a great article. I got to write here. I got the new times in my list. Is this the one with the Orthodox Jews? The Holy Rollers. What the, that George Bush is crew the Holy Rollers. No, those are the Orthodox Jews. That's not pork George Bush's. Oh, that had drug meals. He's right with them. Right. So. Okay. Got to take out you. Thank you, man. Okay. There you go. Isn't that just saying, no, I wonder where Jim Mullins got that. Just saying. Oh. Urban environment league president Greg Bush says it would be great to have a downtown Nexus for activity. The lack of overall planning for traffic and parking is outrageous. Well, look at that. Did that all kill sometime? Maybe I'll be that. To see no, it's just, it's a disgrace. It's a national disgrace that these things that I'm talking about here today. That are on your goddamn television. Some of this. Nobody cares about these things. So you, you know, it, it will be, it will be appropriate. If you were the ones that were getting the fall off from your indifference. But the problem is that your kids are the ones that are suffering for it. If it weren't for that, I wouldn't give a crap because you get what you deserve. But in their case, they're not getting what they deserve. They're getting what you allow them to have, which is nothing. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I can barely hear you. Yes, sir. I'm right here. Okay. Right here, right here in this chair. One of your documents, please, this listeners. Come on. Long time, listen. First time following. There's another article in the paper about getting injuries. And if a trucker who was drunk and his employee knows it and gets you in your COVID, the state has now put a cap on how much money. Right, that's right. That's right. This is that from the thing. Yeah. It can be negligent and not have to pay you a dime. Just leave you out in the post. That's a bonding deal. Okay. Thank you. Everything else. That's the press and right on the top. Hang in there, Mom. Okay. Thanks. 560, 505, 60600 lines waiting on you here. 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Very, very unbool. This is unbelievable today. All the other days, it has been very believable because I'm getting conditioned to it. But this today is just unconscionable. So amazing. Watch the crazy. I must be nuts. These days, there's a lot of confusion about banking. More big banks are merging with bigger banks. And they're all making promises about free checking this and customer service that. But when it's all said and done, you want to bank. You need trust. One you can turn to. One that gives you what you deserve. Where that bank. You're this year reunion. At FU, we know you don't like long lines of the bank. So when you come to our bank and see the line, you'll say FU. Want to talk about customer service after talking to one of our loan officers about a home loan. You'll say FU. So when you're looking for a bank, there's only one thing we can say to you. FU. And back after, so 13 and 560 W. Two. Hank Goldberg at two. We got Hank and Bino at the five. You know, Cook rhymes with. And then six to eight. We got Hurricane Hotline after way to clock. But we got a couple and a 10 in between eight and ten. Two and birth. Did what we got. You don't understand. Oh, so you don't say it. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, new. How are you doing? You're topic for today is probably one of the best topics I've heard in a long time. And I agree with everything you're saying. And I think the school systems are really shot to hell. Like you see it. Yeah. I mean, it's really terrible. I mean, I'm a 28 year old person. I graduated from high school here. I coach actually basketball here. And it's a church is to see how the kids are growing up right now. And seeing what the respect level is right now. And coming ten years from now, what's going to happen? The people that are in the school that aren't worried about respect are worrying about. Anybody else. Those are going to be the people that are out robbing you. Those are going to be the people that are out committing the crimes. And the only thing you can turn it back on is say it's not the school's fault. It's a parent and the people that don't stick up for anything. Yeah, they don't give a crap. I've never seen anything like this in my life. These people, they should have their kids taken away from my thinking, you know, parental negligence. I actually think, actually, the coach, I think some of them would like that to be honest with you. Because they don't want to have the responsibility of their kids. They don't watch their kids. And I think someone like you, I've been listening to you for a long time. This is the first time I've actually ever called. And I mean, the things that you come out in you say really mean a lot to a lot of people that know what real is a Meas and I am definitely one of those people. And I really appreciate your show for you. Letting other people know that are not aware of situations like this of, you know, the real stuff that you talk about is stuff that needs to be said. And unfortunately, not enough people in the higher positions or whatever, you know, the laws and everything that they do. The laws and everything that's made don't speak up like you do. I think if they did the country, a lot with everything else would be so much better. And I mean, that's really how they up to set. I just really want to comment and tell you that, at least you know someone that's young that's in the situation, feels the same way that you do. And I really appreciate your show. Okay, thanks a lot, Kyle. Have a great day, sir. Thanks. Okay, I appreciate to got you all from New about the new times. You're more than article about the baseball stadium, but I just read it during the break. And it's, I mean, you know, what's any article is, is okay. But it is quoting Dan Paul and three other activists in town were opposed to the stadium. But it's all for the wrong reasons. It's not just a question of congestion out on downtown Miami. And you know, basically it's about that one location. That's not what the deal is. The deal is what we're talking about here today. The deal is more goddamn public subsidies for billionaires so they can play their goddamn fun and games. I hate to break the news to the boys and girls, but there are more important things in life than games. And I know on this radio station that's deeply presented and we got, I'm going to tell you something seriously. Those guys we got in the morning here. I mean, these guys here, they're just the, the game players. That's all they are. Professional game players. At least when Hank is on, even though Hank does a sports show because that's what he's getting paid to do. There's some emotion there. There's some involvement and some other things like the penny sales tax like the stadium thing. Like there's a, like there's some passion for something besides just coming on and talking about the same bull crap as if they elevate to a little level. Where it's to make it seem that important. It's not. It's not. And when you don't even have the balls to tell it like it is just like about the home run thing with a baseball's. I mean, you know, again, you feel compelled to try to put it up here on his big level. Like, oh, this is the most important thing in the work like Bob Eisenberg's name and me today. How about what's wrong with my mess? I look at those sports nerd people I say to my next, not that I, you know, I'm a whole year than now that I'm so much better than everybody else. But I look at those people and I out the only thing that comes to mind is, eh, well, what, what, what are you? What kind of space are you taking up? That this is all you live eating, read 24 hours a day. This is all you know. You could never conversation with someone else people about anything meaningful. If there lives the penny, if you have a goddamn Ooty and stuck it in the back, it still could never conversation with them about it. Because they can't function at that level. All they know is games. Like these silly people that a guy then you have him flip a that's on here and on his fortune is now by the way. And there's no legitimate interest there in the first place. It's a best lucky, a hang city yesterday. There's only two kinds of hurricane fans and that is bandwagon jumpers and bitters and winters. That's you only kind there are and he's right. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, and there's an endless supply of those people man and will supply. And you try to point a finger at something that they're like life in death like is it the heart or whole core of this country. And it's like, well, we can't, you know, we're gonna do nothing about that. Got these crazy people running around blocking off the goddamn streets. We had another one of these acubes and a mad bombers there who can't even get the goddamn target right. Bond the car in a growl because, well, the name was simmered the promotional agency that he thought was bringing in low fanbets and turns out that that guy even a right guy wouldn't have been a right guy because he ain't promoting and bringing them in anyway. That's the kind of stuff that goes on here. What can we get pissed off about even though it's marginal and a bunch of bullcran? Here's a mobile and less palm, hello. Okay sir. You know, if I thought any city that helps finance building a stadium would make money off of it, I would say, okay, well, listen to business venture they go into it and make a profit and put the profit to good uses, you know, without raising taxes. Yeah, like maybe more schools might be good. Exactly. The problem is that that was in the details and it's it's so nice to push it deal for the for the team owner and the city always loses money on it across the country, but city, the city lose money on stadium don't deal. Oh, next Andy, I go. Could it be losing their ass? John, also have a report one time on that kind of thing and in the stadium had a guarantee that a certain percentage of people would show up if not the city had a paid the owners money for the stadium but at night. And things like that which you know, that's why I'm afraid of those things that's why I'm against any city building stadiums because it's a civil fault profit, you know, and that's why I'm against that, but also, we talk about the, I cochillate, we talk about the new law requiring kids to be 18 to get the players. Here's the thing. Yeah. Are you against that? You're all kicked. I'm for that only because, uh, to me, uh, what is a parent has legally sponsored ability to be in charge of that person, the parent should know everything about that person. And I think something's going on. They should know everything about that person. Well, what happens to that person? To that kid should be knowledge of the parents. So, so what we should hold their hand all day long, too, until I put them a tuck them in in bed at night when they're 14 and 15 and 16 years old. No, no, no. Not hold a hand, but if something's going to do for it, I guess it's a good analogy, a medical procedure. You know, I mean some of these places that the medical procedure is, that's not really, you know, that's that's using an entity in terms. So if you have a piercing, oh, yeah, I'd rather I'll tell you we have a place to be pierced where you can get infected then. Why not? I don't like the way it looks, but why not? What is it your business where they want to stick it? No, it's not my business, but I think infections can occur easier then. So it's not another word here. If you're 15, you can get infected, but if you're 19, you can't, is that what you're saying? No, but at that point the parents are legally responsible for the person. But legally responsible, okay, thank you. You see what we're coming from? Legally responsible. So if you let your 15 year old kid get his eyebrow pierced, you know, and he gets infected, maybe he'll sue you for parental malpractice. Legally responsible. Thank you, sir. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line for the mobile's here's my email. Hi, Neil, how are you? Okay. I think everybody's approaching this school problem from the wrong angle. Okay. Everybody seems to think that it's negligence on the parents, negligence on the administrators. This has all been planned out for about 10 years. They're out to destroy the public school system and turn it over into the hands of the private family. Absolutely. That's all it's all about. You're including the governor right here in Florida and his brother in Texas, right? Well, in the school administrators too, they look around and see. The teachers, they see how much the pop private schools are paying. It's more that the public school. So the good teachers are going to go to the private schools. And eventually what you're going to have is you're going to have private schools opening up at our, you know, $10,000 a year like crying. Crest and don't cater to the more middle class. And the people that are left over that have, you know, they're just their mama or no mama or foster care, whatever. That's what you'll have left in the private school. That isn't right. That adds to game plan, right. And it's all planned. It's not, it's not some action. And this has been, they, this is in the planning stages and they're about halfway through when, when they get it completely destroyed. That's what I guess it's got to be going on longer than that because the parents are obviously so stupid that they're willing to sit back and nobody, we're not too many people open up a mouth about this. And they're willing to accept it. They'll, the tragic part. I mean, these are the same people who scream bloody murder about things that are so relatively insignificant, but something is important is this. They don't even give a crap about it. Most of them. What you have, what, the people that really care for off their hands and put their kids in the private schools and the other people are home watching Jerry Springer. Yeah. And that's what, that's what we're going to, I just, you know, I figure I'm not going to die by disease when I'm, maybe if I live to be 67 to 80. Some, you know, punk's going to hit me over to head and steal my wallet and that's going to be the end. Well, don't forget one thing. That's the American fucking wing. You're right about that. Okay, good luck, man. Okay. We're a hard helmet. Always comes in handy. 560, 50560, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. So far, response basically is bad. Yeah. And even something as simple as the goddamn school launches, how can you send your kids to school? I don't understand this. Did Michelle Gillen make this all up? Was she lying on channel 4? I mean, even the asses than principal there, Mr. Raphrod, even he acknowledged that, oh, well, we were doing where to wear this, but, oh, yeah, this can't happen again. And this is unacceptable and handling of the food that way. And yaddi, yaddi, yaddi. So they're not denying anyone other than God, call with a goddamn meals down. But these people don't give away a suggestion about something as basic as simple as their kid getting fed at school during the day. So who the, how can you expect them to give a crap moment? Did they learn anything? For what does a goddamn person that's driving a guy's school bus is qualified to drive a Volkswagen. Here's plantation, hello. Oh, there we go. Another one of our phone lines is just I was lying seven at time, by the way. You know something seriously, I'd like to pull a hand here. I'd like to pick up this phone and just smash it against the goddamn wall. Why does it take like a major song in a dance like you did on Tuesday in this place? Why does it take practically threatening to walk out and then threatening lawsuits and every other guy dancing to get these people off the dime? When a guy who sits down there and tells me to find my face how many millions and millions of dollars they're pumping through this place in power 96 every month. When they go to do something with it for us. Got the hoots, but sit there and tell me how our engineer tells them how easy it is to change this thing over. Well, let's see it sometime in our lifetime, okay? Mr. Reed, Mr. Bigshot, let's see you do something for us finally. Not that the credibility level is lower this place. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Good to meet you. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. I got a couple of comments first. I wanted to respond to the school and the viewers are about the sports nerds. Yeah. I tell you a problem that they have. I think a lot of them are very uneducated. They don't ever pick up a newspaper or watch the news. So they can't even participate in a conversation with wild-sized, stupid sports. So that's a big problem. They won't know what they're talking about. They don't even think they do read a sports section or support what they listen to the channel 7 sports, whatever it is with the Rosenhaus, the Sunday night there. That's what he's uneducated. They might have gone to college, doesn't he? They're educated though. Another thing is the school system. You're trying to agree with this, but I think the voucher system might work for the lower class people because the voucher system, if you give them first priority and what schools they want to have their children attend. And if they're a rational parent, they're going to want their child to attend, apply the best school in their county or in their district. That could help help the lower class people receive better education and better lifestyle. Why not just make all the schools equal? Why do we have to do that? Why do we have to penalize schools? Why do we have to let those schools get worse and worse and worse? The thing is it's a human nature. There's no way you can make every school equal. You're going to have to buy a lot of money. Why not? Why can't you have minimum standards for every school? Let me answer because certain teachers are going to be bad. Not every teacher is a robot. Certain teachers are better than others. So right off the bat, you can't get any, you keep, there's no way to get equal schooling because they're certain teachers are better teachers. They're certain, they're certain, that it's just not computers and books that make it school good. It's the teachers as well and the teachers are robots. Certain teachers are better than others. Yeah, so why can't we put better teachers in schools that are failing? Well, that, why? I think we need to pay teachers better. I'm not said of encouraging parents to take their kids out of those schools so that only the drugs, the best baratos are left in there. That's part of what this last guy was talking about. That's part of the game plan of destroying the public education system. But that's the only way it's going to improve because right now the schools are crap. They really are in the, and the key, the thing you know that, but Neil, let me finish though, the thing is, a lot of the kids, I'm sorry to say the schools might be crap, but if you want to learn, you can still learn and get a good education and then further education and go to college. I have a couple friends, they're African Americans and they went to Carroll City High. They really, really, really crappy schools. Yeah. I, I got a law school with them now at the University of Miami. They obviously, they obviously better themselves. They said they even said to me, they go listen to school stuff, but if you want to learn you, you're, you're going to learn. You go to honor class. You take honor classes. You listen to the teacher, you behave. Yeah, so you got to worry about safety issues at times, yes. But if you want to learn, you can learn. Okay. Okay, thanks, pal. Alright. Jordan, Lydia, and they don't come anywhere else than new Rogers. Okay. Well, pretty too, a QAM. Well, we've, we've, we've, we've got behind there. I thought. Here's a fact from David and Jupiter, who says, very depressing news. Just a short note to tell you how the voters of Pittsburgh voted 70% against the building of two stadiums. Guess what? Even after the people voted against it, they're building two stadiums. Subsettising the stadiums for the runes and the Maclatches, the two assholes are each worth more than $200. And by the way, we'll go back to the thing about the school buses and the story that had on the news last night. If the studies found out by the way that seat belts on school buses did make the kids safer, we still got a big problem. You wanted to lie because they're too expensive. Because they're cost and arm and leg to put seat belts in all the school buses. Can't come up with a money for that, can we? No. But building new stadiums for millionaires and billionaires, there's no problem. And we're a command. No sweat at all. If the voters are against it, we'll find some of the way to bring it into the goddamn Macdoor. I'll tell you, the leadership at this town, you can't complain about the leadership here because there isn't any. From the news papers from the politicians, from anybody. Here's Papino, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. We need to buy more lottery tickets to increase the, uh, there we go. There you go. I'm buying some right now. I had one other question for you. Do you know the points spread on the Panthers game Saturday night? Yeah. Now, five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. Well, there's a real funny guy. You're a real comedian man. Point spread. They don't call him points in hockey asshole. But what would you know? Here's a mobile and store. Hello. Mobile and store. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. I want to make the wherever message I just left on our mutual fact this testing garbage pill with friend Al Sunshine. I told him I said instead of maybe running around hurricanes and stick a microphone and honest hard work with people's faces, why don't you maybe now grab the governor to super and tend in their family and make a sneak surprise and just go have lunch at one of the schools on the afternoon after that this testing after so maybe they should really do something and go ahead and do a year trying to do rally to people behind and put something good for the public. Yeah, we're like to know again, where is the mayor of the county who's, you know, during a hurricane he was on television every couple of hours hyperventilating and all this appointed because we weren't psychotic enough to satisfy him so we couldn't exploit that for his political gain. But now that we got all this embarrassment in the county since he is the mayor of the county, what is he? Where is he? Where is he? Well, actually we used to you just hit it on the hand. You know, I mean, when those things are like, you know, all the people they listen to me, he's the leader. Now he's this should have been in the embarrassment. He's a little bit. He's a whizel and he's also a co-conspirator with Mickey Erson and the hero and all these other great robbers that want to steal our tax. Money and use it for billionaires. I told you. I told Mr. Suncha, I left the my name and no Mr. Suncha. I said Mr. Suncha. Well, I told him I said if you're a little bit. I said if his balls were as big as his head, maybe this stuff, the prize they're not. He'll do something. Well, they got the search party out. Thanks. Have a great day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, me shall start at this thing and you know something, I congratulate her, even though she is a simple energy makes me nauseous and I like to break her legs, even in spite of all of that, I congratulate her. Good job, me, Shell. And I'd like to know how come it takes to investigate a thing on a goddamn TV on channel for there for us to find out about these things and how come it took those three kids and highly get and killed in that car wreck for all of us to the other, you know, on the tank electice. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, 0, 50. On the AT&T wireless line, here's a mobile and Cooper City. Hello. You? a couple of things. One is the truth. I want to spend, I was reading the paper, so it must be the, they want to spend $25 million. The bill, the NFS over this circle, which means nothing. So, if somebody has the things that need to be done. Oh, we got to reserve the circle, man. I'll just understand that. The circle jerk. Right. That's what they're doing with it. Then another thing is reading the paper, which very solemnly reading the meaningful, but if you were Clinton wants to give $37 billion in debt to the court contract. And the donations and the Hispanic company, and you know who the one with the champion for that was the Pope. I think Hillary was. No, the Pope. Yeah. Yeah. And the reason that there's no poverty-stricken is because there all been over, we're reproducing like rabbits because the Pope told them to do so. Now we can forgive their debts so they can start from scratch and build up gigantic debts all over again. I think the taxpayers should never write the decide whether you're going to forgive 30 loans. No, we don't have a right to do anything. They just they use our money like monopoly money, man. We just get the shaft. Go to it, Neil. Okay. We just pay where we go to jail. That's all. 5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, yeah. Just keep making babies, man. Just keep making lots and lots of desperate babies. The Pope this man, there are people on death row for much less crimes than this man is committed. This man is responsible for more suffering than probably any other individual on the face of the earth. Spreading ignorance and suffering and starvation and poverty all over the world with his stone age rhetoric is bull crap. Now of course, maybe he's gotten the excuse. Yeah, maybe he got some bad weed. Maybe that's what the screw up is brain. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. They're getting this next damn thing in here. I'll see. Look at that. Oh boy. It's a goddamn communist plot today. I just can't get rid of that. I had to get rid of that. 22 to 11. I'm just so worked up about this. And I don't know why old fag like me. I don't have any kids. I'm never going to have no goddamn kids in the public school system or not. But it just makes you want to cry. When you see in it and again, don't blame the politicians. Don't blame the guy damn school board people. Look at the mirror and blame your subs because most of you people don't give a crap. You can't complain about the behavior of a parent sitting about their parenting skills because generally speaking, I don't think most of the McDonalds. Just like the two kids out there in Littleton, they were building all the goddamn bombs in the handgun age laying around. And the parents were like, well, we're kind of oblivious. You know, we're too busy. We didn't hear all those goddamn pipe bombs going off into the behind the garage. Station stands for nothing. There, paints. I don't think I'm lacking anymore. You just watch me, Chase. Now you do stare at the floor. Go, there, paint. I don't like the mirror anymore. Did you see who made a paper towel in a dirty bag? I don't need it to get in my bag. Now it's the same thing to change that I think that you're the one who's lying there, paint. I don't like any more. He's saying this, right? They're running. I don't think I'd like to get in my bag. When you get to drinking, do you put me in places I've never been before there, right now? I don't like the things I'm like. Why can't we just get a grip on our man-to-hand relations with the grass? Now the terms are truly howling feel. If we put our heads together, we just stay home forever and stay our feet. I don't think I'd like to have some last girl. When running, while you're shaving the chase, my... I'm talking about the 5.60 WQM. Here's an interesting facts from a gentleman in Boko. The copy of a letter he's written to the mayor mayor of penis and date county, about corruption and discrimination. It says, dear mayor, if you're trying to read your city of corruption, you may want to take a look at your building and zoning department in the licensing process we were exposed to. We've been trying since July of this year to acquire license to lawfully do business in your county without success. Every time we take we've met all of requirements, something else seems to pop up in our way. What we're trying to do is utilize a vacant piece of property zone for retail business operations to sell souvenirs on the days the dolphins play their home games. Our operation is in no way like a flea market with bins of use merchandise thrown about for people to pull through. All of our products are new and officially licensed and are displayed on professional store quality racks. I don't know how we could cause any sort of negative impact on the surrounding homes of businesses and a lot of the depressed nature of the area and overall appearance of the adjoining properties. We've made at least a dozen trips from Palm Beach County trying to complete this task. Each time encountering additional costly request, for things we were told with that accomplish our needs. The issue of issuance of a license or permit to do business legally. Each time a requirement was put to was it came with a referral. By the way, my uncle is a surveyor, would you like his number? Or my brother designs it is shop or I have a friend who can do that real cheap for you. We would accomplish each requirement with our own business contacts and not through the referrals, but we could not acquire the license because yet of another costly requirement. We've spent serious cash on the requirement for that before us only to have more and more pile on. We're now being told that the only reason we can't have the license to this point is because an NFL game is not considered to be a special event. If it's not a special event, then wire extra police on duty. Wire special city buses running from three counties. Wire extra emergency service people on duty. Wire hotels and motels hit with a surge of business. Why do people from all over the West line to the game if it's not a special event? But the biggest why by far is why will we require to spend so much money in the first place of getting the license wasn't possible? I would submit it is possible, but it just wasn't being paid for through the right friends and relatives of the people with power to approve our request. Permanent issued for firework sales a dangerous product. Christmas tree sales another such temporary situations why not ours. Because an NFL game is not a special event. I would also submit that this decision is a personal one and is not based on code or law since NFL games are recessed municipal impact fees because of nature and scope and can even sometimes have these fees. Wave to be able to host such special events. We have acquired by a nail all the permits necessary to do business in three cities that we're driving to this season and yet we can't accomplish this in our own state. Can you do anything? Will you do anything? Do you care? If we do not receive an immediate response to the situation from your office, we'll assume you won't mind as turning this matter over to local media for their scrutiny and other agencies. Interested investigating government fraud and corruption signed with a side name and a whole deal on her. I would like to talk to you. My friend in Boka. You just work recent to write poems. You weren't sure you were in the right people. I guess that's the problem. Also somebody has fact me finally. The estate can shake thing here. A stateless Midwestern chain looking for about 20 locations in South Florida. Based in an inapolis, by the way. Does this have locations? Please. Does this say somewhere what's going to be? A plan to include a 99c 30693 square foot restaurant on the northwest corner of San Marized Boulevard and Flamingo Road. Oh my god, I could walk there right near South Rasmills. Others are at a site at US 441 in Wilds Road and Coral Springs and green acres in Palm Beach County, the project of a zoning and other approvals. So we still got a but you know, I guess maybe we'll have long enough because he's taken shake here and so forth. Thank god for that. So there's some good news. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T, Wilds Line. Here's Booten Beach, hello. Okay and have a great day. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I need you. Yes. How are you? Okay. I love you show. Uh huh. You're great. Yeah. This one thing is this obsession you have with hatching. Yeah. Okay. Here's a mobile in Pompano, hello. Wait a minute. For 20 minutes for that. What a hole. For 20 minutes for that. Jeez. Hey, god, how you doing today. Okay. Listen, I got a couple things. I got a friend of mine who works at a piece of subway, that's near a high school on Chinese line road. And they have to come in early. Just make 300 pieces a day and they card them over there. Right. I don't know. I don't know if that's all about. I'm going to go over there. And uh, my I have a 16 month old and a three year old and all this stuff that I'm here and my god, I don't know what I'm going to do. It's just frightening. And you like yourself like you just said five minutes ago, what do you care? You know, you're just a faculty and you're getting a kid. That's right. But the thing is, you know, is you are human being and you do care. But the people don't, they don't care. They don't care. They don't care. I know. That's what pisses it off. And this state is the most embarrassing place you could ever possibly go on a face of the years. I just can't believe how so many morons migrated to the same god damn place. These people are in law law land. They came here to escape from life. They came here to escape from reality. And as a result, everybody else who lives here as the suffer from their god damn indifference in law law land mentality is pathetic. I know. And the sad part is I live in times and what that guy was saying about planning a high with 43 hundred kids for school. That's for like 1800 or whatever. I mean, it's going to be 10 years or so for my daughter goes to that school and my son. What's it going to be like that? I don't know what to do. And it's just ridiculous. Well, they can go to school in a stadium because we ought to have one on every street corner by the time they get ready to go to high school. No, actually what I'd like to do is make enough money, which is, you know, what we all want to do and have my wife teaching them all. Yeah. Okay, I guess you just grabbed the phone over. That was the end of that call. Five six seven. I know something somebody's did a little bit of this phone today. There's no question about it. I've had more guy than people get cut off like in the middle of a sentence and vanish and disappear. Listen, you know, we don't want George Corso to bust his ass getting on property of his phone situation. You know, we've survived this long. Terrific home of massive indifference. You have no idea how I'm biting my tongue. That's where people thought I was told this morning that I promised I wouldn't repeat. But I won't. Five six seven. You know what I'm talking about? Yes, I think you do. And pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Just like just like having our guy go on there on TV and lie about how much money that embarrassing O.J. Witten golf tournament rate for center one and it was only a couple of grand and he's on there. Oh, we raised 25,000. Yeah, right. You're back to him to God's ear. So full of crap. So, Joe, and they're all in there this morning. They're high five in with him and he's like, you know, hey, hey, hey, hey. You know, much as simple. Like I said, this radio station is basically 10 a.m. the 6 p.m. the rest of it. I wouldn't give you a dime for. Hey, to say that, but that's the way I feel about it today. Here's a mobile in Hylia. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, New Hawaii. Okay. So, I just want to send my condolences out to the parents of the three kids that I didn't highly had to shame that um, and now what they're trying to do is stop kids from leaving lunch just because three kids went out. It's ridiculous. It's impossible. It's impossible. I mean, certainly, I mean, we have to not certain right. That must do to myself. And I'm not in school right now. This will fight that left for lunch and I haven't come back. But um, it's impossible first of all. We need to go out. We're stuck in school. School is in that great to begin with. And then they're going to try to stop us from leaving. What's the reason behind that? I'd like to know why these people who are busy collecting signatures on petitions about that. Why they're not. Why they're not the ones that are raising hell about the kids that aren't getting fed lunch every day and why the kids have to leave the campus. They go and get fed. Pizza sucks. Right. I mean, I'll, I'll, every time a food that they bring in, they even the pizza that they bring from the outside because they do is they order some pizza by the tongue. I mean, they're bringing like 30 boxes for lunch. Industrial strategy. Industrial pizza. I don't know where it comes from. By the time we get it, it's cold. I mean, it's, it's disgusting. This shouldn't be a reason why we can't leave school. Right. We should, it's still, it's, it isn't a reason. Right. I think the news. I mean, it's tragic as it was. But kids get killed in accident. And actually, it's not exactly. It's the worst way to get it. On a weekend, late at night. It's night today. It didn't. I mean, I myself had so much else as friends by an accident. But they weren't in school times. And it was just just a habit that it was a six o'clock in the afternoon. Right. It doesn't matter when it is. If it's going to happen, it's going to happen. And I mean, it's just a shame that they're even trying to do that. And most likely, they're going to succeed because these people, like you said in this country, or in this county, they don't know what they're doing. They don't know what they're doing. That's because they don't care to find out. Okay. How good luck. Thank you. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. So, Tom, like I haven't, I toyed this for a hundred years. But Tom, that refuses to care. They don't give a crap about anything. We got a whip that there for a couple of weeks at the end of July. And they came out and they voted in massive droves against that penny sales tax. And then they went back into their coma. Yeah. Don't start causing trouble. Okay. Don't start trying to be misdirective as to, okay. Just play that funny stuff and let's sit around and go. Yeah. That's it. Leave that to the important people in Tom, like Michelle Gillin. Ha ha ha. Hey, we raised over 25 grand for that set of one by the way, Hank. Lie, guess what? Another lie. Two grand out of all that aggravation, you know. I would have put up the extra two grand just to avoid all that, OJ crap. Another lie. By the way, that was a nice dumpy to yesterday on yourself. Didn't work. That was great. I almost peed in my pants. I almost threw off the road. And I think you may have had a point there two by the way. Yeah, there's the only other guy in this guy named radio station that stands up for anything is the Humphorset and then there he's the only other one that cares about any of these things. The other guys are like, yeah. Yeah. That's oblivious, you know. That's just the oblivious and just kind of wander our way through life and take a guy then paycheck every couple of weeks. Right, Joe? Yeah. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music I know these things When the fat lady sings, It must have 800 people to open the ryth9900. The 5.ms ticket blessed cure and<|haw|> is choir thank you reminding me of the people are ISO and then someone you're right. And anyway, so letting our test broad in which I'd already seen this, but very timely. Thank you, Lenny, and you still can't speak. But nevertheless, he brings me in an article from the Harold that was in Sunday's paper. Sound Florida School's failing PE. And it says, more Broward Elementary schools offer physical education more than once, no more than once a week. At some schools children get to 30 minute class only twice a month. And it says the emphasis of PE comes as obesity among children is in the all-time high. The percentage, maybe that's a good reason we shouldn't be seen them once in school. It's just starving that there's a good idea. I just solved the problem. Forget about lunch and dinner and breakfast. The percentage of youngsters were overweight as doubled in the past 30 years to about 25 percent. Pre-adolescence to they are more likely to be severely overweight than other children. So we don't have daily visit like most people used to release the two or three times a week. Now some schools could get 30 minute class twice a month. She, I say, I mean, basically you people don't care about your kids anyway. So in a frame, maybe most of them were accidents. I mean, you know, they're in school. Now they won't hear that. It's kind of embarrassing to admit it. But they must have been accidents. You know, like you were in the middle of scored score. Anyone all that good stuff, you know? So why not your shift mop to like camp? I don't mean like summer camp. I mean, like maybe concentration camps. Maybe that's a good idea. Or they can have some bread and water and they get plenty of physical exercise, doing hard labor. And we'll stick them out there and they got them chained gang. And they can rebuild the infrastructure you know? Yeah, we'll get a hold of Kathy Lee. We'll send none of the sweatshops. Oh, sorry, Kathy Lee. I have never ever in my life seen a place where the people were so disinterested. All the, you know, the goody two shoes. They say all are my things. You know, oh, we have to take care of our children. There are greatest resource and yaddy. You know, all the bull crap. They don't give a crap at this country. And we have squat. And this guy that's given me a son to the answer about how I want bigger government and that guy. Man, I'm going to tell you, if you looked up asshole in the dictionary, his pictures right next to it. Here's one of the things that government is supposed to be doing. And once upon a day did do a good job of. And that people are paying their taxes for and that is educating your kids, educating the country's people. That's what goes on in civilized countries all over the world. What is surprise? And when you give me a son to dance about how filthy and about how disgusting and drug-laden Amsterdam was, I hate to break to you to news to you. But for some strange reason with all those sex with all the drugs, Netherlands is number one in the world when it comes to education scores. How do you like that? What is surprise? And they couldn't have even the food and all that great. But there must be something about the nutrition here because they still grow them tall and lean and whatever. Very few fat people run around. It's certainly no fat young people run around in Amsterdam. None. Zero. So how are those possible? How are these things possible? And again, when you're cloistered, when you're perokio, when you're brainwashed and you live here all your life and you've never been anywhere. And you believe all the propaganda and all the bullcraft, all the garbage, this isn't the way life is supposed to be. Your kids deserve better than you're allowing them to get and you and you know something I've busted a goddamn gut here today all these four hours and still got a very mediocre response. And like, and like I told you before, I don't have any kids in school, I'm an old fag. They've got it on have kids. One of the blessings of being an old fag is not having well, I'd be terrified. I'd be up like all night long. I'd be psychotic if I had kids. George, he has credits got only one and she's a genius. She's smarter than both of us put together. They may be that's the benefit of having only one by the way. I realized that punching amount of a couple of years every nine months, whatever. I realized that's a goddamn hobby with a lot of people in this country, with trailer park trash and certain minorities which I don't want to mention because they're very thin skin. I don't want to say no more about their skin. Sherry Winston tastes good like a jackass should. Here's my any, hello. Hello, you, yes sir. I want to talk to you about the law for the MNC on to. Yeah, are you going? Am I going? Yes, no, are you going? Got it for for it. Yeah, okay. Have a good time. We'll put the pieces back together like Humpty Dumpty. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pond five, see there's another asshole. Okay? Everybody's a big joke. Yeah, you're real funny, pal. And by the way, I hate to break the news to you, but there's horses. You know that? They're black humans. Did you know that? Oh, no, I'm not going to go twice. Okay. Here's Holly with, hello. Hey, Neil, what's going on? How you doing? How to change the subject, but one thing that you are aptly correct is 10 to six is the only time to listen to your show. That is correct. This station, the other than 10 to six, it's an embarrassment. Well, I made the mistake of listening to the beginning of a Miami game on radio. And I've always heard you talk about Mr. Sagaqti, but never really. Mr. Sagaqti sucks, okay? Okay. I never really experienced him. His opening statement was he starts talking about, you know, Eastern Carolina that they, you know, half their team doesn't have home. They've lost all their belongings, families, and just going, you know, which absolutely true, this horrendous thing that happens to him. Right. And then he goes, and then of course, Miami lost the newter team. So they're both going through adversity. Oh, what about what I'm sent to you? I'm a what a personality. And I immediately thought of you and started laughing and I just turned to the ooze. Yeah. And I said, this guy's an idiot. You know, something that word, Dullard, would be a compliment for Joe. Well, I believe you. I always do believe you, but I just wanted to share that with you. He is so dull at Mexican jumping beans, commit suicide while when his voice comes over these speakers. That's right, please. Oh, have a great day. See you. Yeah. 8 to 10 o'clock tonight. We got Joe Sagaqti. Are we embarrassed about it? Yeah. You bet. We're, you know, we're humidified about it. And mortified and mortified. And mortified. How about those orthodox Jews in that next to see, huh? Let's hear it. Oh, those how seen him. Barbarians. 9 minutes after one at five, 60 WQM. Here's great news for you guys with that ball spot. There's another deal with Lord Keep screwing up. Yeah. If the Lord would have done things right, you'd have a nice head of here. You'd look good. You know, why do you have to get old and wrinkled up and stuff for a God? What's that all about? Why can't we look, you know, get to a certain point like a beautiful rose. Oh, there it goes with that horrible analogy again about a flower, how it blooms and it gets, you know, oh, gee, we can't. We're too emotionally crippled. Listen to that again. Okay. I won't say it. It's all right. Okay, fucking blow. Want to be with that? So, Melty? One thing I know, I just love the soprano, who's making twin? Ostec's keen, and his cause Tony's a bit ducky The ducky, they did me the sun's keen They did me the sun's keen They'd loolin' They'd loolin' in the carmed out living new chest me They are family Coz to better fangirl They can girls dead sing out Oh, the time Fing for the fangirl But a finger They aboard the cops, little stop Ah, the sun's a friend Oh, yeah, I love them We will see the Tony, we have to see big pussy His mommy, he crazy I'm not nobody, nobody Nobody, nobody Nobody, who I know Nobody, nobody Nobody to miss this show It feels so brand new Oh yeah What's this going to come to? It's going to come to the studio It's a article about the software school's name He and he As in, we're doing a really crappy job That was in the Hurlonsunday The infrequency of fizzed in Broward Elementary School Is disgraceful, said, our our let-peri researcher Nexasized physiology at the University of Miami Once a week isn't going to result in any improvement in any result you said Anything less than three times a week is probably a wasted time But administrators in many Broward School see little choice Principal Rebecca Meyers says he only has enough money in her budget To employ a half-time physical education instructor at Florenda Elementary School in Fort Loderdale The teacher sees Florenda students at once every week or two Heavy construction is swallowed up the baseball dime In the kickball field and the basketball court at Florendata And research classroom teachers leads students to any remaining patches of open space With ropes to jump and chalk for a hopscotch You know this is it's like it's like a 20 if it's like a stone age country Like a tenth world place is where we are at Which we always knew that date County government least was a tenth world place And you just sit back you know and like hey, what's wrong with you I think I was right we better go out this weekend and buy a lot more lottery tickets And hope for the best here sunrise hello Neil yes sir listen to the new news as far as a gucoco town city of Loderdale Yes if you own a house there and you rent it out and make you get an occupational license Which is 68 60 yeah the new ordinance Just starting something come to Kenjini's got his finger in that what surprised me Okay, thanks for the good news I wonder where that money's going is going for education no for us visit no teachers 560 560 pound 560 on the AT I mean what happened to the days When you'd go to school and what you wanted it or not I mean there was visit and it were like after school all these activities Both athletic and other kind of stuff Oh no we don't have resources for that why the hell not They don't even have they could swimming anymore we got really had that in my school thank God we have money for every other kind of crap You name it there's skies the limit and let me say it again because every minute of every day my blood is boiling a little bit higher temperature Okay like about 698 degrees Think about the prospect of a dime of taxpayer money. I don't care who it comes from the fact is if it's revenue that's coming in here to South Florida And it's going to go to help build a goddamn ballpark for John Henry or anything for Wayne High Pingo we are going to put up with it man And those people out there that's it well, you know, it's not what we can do about screw you guys okay you whimps you're a pushover It's unacceptable is what it is absolutely on frickin acceptable Here's Miami hello There we got sorry about that. That's your air's line eight again. I'm not even gonna get excited about it. You know nothing I can do I got a Mickey Mouse moment system we've been in here since early March March April may June July August September's almost gone 7 freaking months and finally Tuesday on inform that now maybe because of the fact that they thought I was going to sue the joint Which I wasn't anyway, but I probably should maybe now we'll get a goddamn phone system in here You know if you people would play games less here and get down to the business of doing business this would place it be a it would be a picnic to work here I said that many times it's true A picnic without the ants on our forget that we do have the ants we got to head start because we can't afford an exterminator Sorry about that. I'll spill a bugman doing by the way. Haven't seen him in a cool age Now he's just been from the encosteric again with those little girls. Hope you have a good time Phil 560560 pound course he's getting fat and sweaty again. You know he's probably gonna like Oh, I don't do it Phil, but I'll lose some weight sweetheart getting fat and starting to sweat like a pig again I can really take a breath of a spit and all over the place I heard he does his shopping at Pupix Here's a park land hello Hey, Neil. Yes sir I'm Mr. Early party your show. Did you read a letter that was in new times today about rap music? No, it's time page three if you thought you two times it just loaded I was talking about the how seen him smuggling ecstasy and other drugs I was talking about that stupid jemala article about just say no to John Henry which he's got a point there This one's on page three. It's called Wake Christmas and South Florida. It's about rap music. You ought to read it's the best letter I've ever read my wife Oh, it's a letter to the editor. Better to the editor about rap music at that school is there Okay, and secondly, yes, sir Do know that showers are optional at PE classes and Broward County High School and if the kids think and they got their headlights and all that because most of them don't take showers after PE class Oh, she went out of bed lunch from the Brad and Tony started that because they thought it was it would hurt their self esteem If they saw others naked around that one I went to a meeting No, I'm telling you the truth. That was just I have a okay city can smell like crap the rest of the day and you said crap with an SH Thanks for the good news sir. That ties in with what the guy said before about the school where they don't even have any showers Oh, God walk it around schmutzie all day like I said before what you're doing what you're allowing to be done to your kids in here in this town is criminal criminal Oh, this is this is a letter. This is no letter or it is a letter, but it goes on it goes on forever and better be done good The case for rap music whether you want to hear it or not Lauren Hill Oh, I know this is a good letter This is a horrendous letter. This is a just to try to justify rap music and give us a saw Lauren Hill couldn't sing a word of a goddamn back to me. Oh, man Whoo thank God I like before I started reading that and it was long and pond was too Whoo Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. You know, yes, I am what a great show. Yeah, I'm a 74 year old native of Miami. Yes morning candle. Uh-huh. Oh boy I hope you've been able to get to some of the parents today. No, I don't think so there are oblivious. You don't think so. No, I don't I hope so because the schools would not like this, but I I went to school here. Yeah, and the schools would not like this No, they never were like this only last you know several years that they've been generated this point because because did this this generation of parents They're busy. I like it like we said making money and watching Oprah and Jerry Springer. I guess you're right me You know these people should have all been fixed you've been here a long time, right 23 years 23 I got a lot of my friend. I was a major D and and interplay with the record the dough will for 20 years Right and we had to beat them there on the itself and so I got calls yesterday that Supposedly it was on channel 4 have you heard anything about it did the beetles are being named the number one entertainment of the 20th century No, where there are parents on the itself and so at the do real. No, I didn't know that. I did not know what either I thought for sure what have in the back street boys. Yeah, I Don't watch him. No, I don't have her think I don't like Have a great day pal. Okay. Thank you. I'll see you to the bill Yeah, exactly. He's a little guy means well. He's just boring. Okay five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wild the slide. What do you want? Okay? Can't all be exciting and settle. Lady like that old fart Howard rule. Yeah, I got his blow up Deli. How can't do anything with us? Yeah, hi Just pathetic man. Oh, she's if we could just lower the demographic down here. I guarantee if we didn't have to buy a medical info. And false teeth for all these guy. They moved first down here. Then we could have some we could have PE. We could have you know sex. Ed. We could have all kind of stuff going on in the schools. We could actually have showers I wonder if that teacher and Hollywood took showers with that kid, you know Think they shower together That's what you're supposed to do is go home with your teacher or just have the teacher move in with the family and then you can shower together at the house Five six seven oh five sixty past five sixty on the 18 see I'm even after all these years. I'm finally beginning to realize what how primitive this state is I mean there's this places in the dark ages and you wonder why people are terrified of send their kids to public school here Here's my me be chill. Oh, I don't know yes, sir. Here's a Dutchman from Amsterdam. Oh great. What kind of an I was who? No, he'll good. I was listening to your story about the schools that I was seeing what I don't understand is why everybody so excited about all this college football and all this I'm listening to you guys in the morning Right, I know can you tell me can you make a pass? Right. I should worry about it's great instead of playing in front of Yeah, that goes back to what I was talking about the other day about our weird true freshman and about our red shirt. You know a 50 year senior all the other bull crab Which basically what they're admitting is this is a moron who's been kept in school for five six ten years because he can play a ball game And say he's taken up a spot that a bright kid that wants to really get an education ought to be in there getting It's good. I happen to be on the right and he's gonna end up like it to meet around the world. Yeah, what a night thing. Yeah Nice. Oh, I know it is just close my back. No name or Mr. Aaron very nice man. Okay. What's the talk every day around the block? But that's what they said about my landscape to yeah, okay. I'm still on the dam. Soon soon. I'll see you on the dam wreck. Okay. I'll tell you something baby. Okay. Donkavel. Okay. I'll still leave five six and see now it's cold. We're I'm working on a lot of speak Dutch are wonderful. That's a tough language. You know, I was starting to get a little Italiano there. Part of one poquito de italiano But Dutch man you can't read it. You can't and it's good like oh you got to have you got to eat a lot of cheese Which I love cheese, you know even on the ad can you can eat a lot of cheese. Which you've got to be able to do a lot of that Kill good Five six seven. Oh, five. I'll tell you one thing. They probably have very clear nasal passages over there because you get it out all the time when it doesn't get it out Which is why I keep going back. Oh frosty lad Right It Okay. What's the last five, 50, as we were on letter from? The guy was on a wrong page. I guess because somebody facts me another letter about this, which is the letter I'm sure he was talking about, not that idiotic long piece of crap. White Christmas in South Florida, question mark is the headline. Regarding Tristan Court ofums, the article about Trick Daddy, I wish to offer some ideas on the subject of rap music, music and quotes. Haven't been involved in music as a single performer in a folk trio in an in 10 piece band. I can say without fear that there's a big difference between art and artifice. Without Japanese drum machines, to produce the beat and sampling machines, to steal other people's work, there'd be no rap medium. I can't bring myself to call it music, music has melody and harmony and something worth remembering. That's why we have standards, tunes that are worth hearing again and again. That's why white Christmas is the most recorded song of all time. 30 or 40 years from now, who won a reminisce about some street punk crack dealer with his big, long and collective mindless something. All hoes, mindless hoes, started to read it's a bad copy. Without poverty, poor housing welfare mothers, illegitimate children, robbing, drive by, and crack smoking, there wouldn't be too much to rap about. Who would buy a record about a nice black kid with two parents who got good grades in school, stayed out of trouble in a way from drugs, went to college, repayed a student loan, went into business, had his kids after he was married, stayed around to raise them and didn't back to his wife. Just what's so glorious about the ghetto. These proud young men so eager for respect to give an up on the main ingredients of African music, drumming, learning to play the drums, the master then would take months perhaps years, who's got time for that. World the next art-blakey, your art tailor or duffy Jackson come from, not the ranks of rap. All these rappers who think they can really throw down to get a couple of John Hendricks record and check him out. Not only could they articulate back to the new average rapper, he's saying about things that made sense outside the ghetto, and did it in a swinging musical style that's been widely received by a broad audience, without being crude or vulgar, he was a musician. Rap will never produce another wind in our cellus or Joshua Redmond or Christian McBride, we'll never again see the likes of Duke Kellington, Count Pacy, Ella Fitzgerald John Cole-Train, Miles Davis, Johnny Hartman or Coleman Hawkins, as long as black young people are attracted to the low-life musical expression, known as rap. All right, rap, that's right, they love to see off rap, that's what they meant. They just felt it wrong. God bless you, whoever fact that, that's a letter that I was talking about. Thank you, sir. I knew in my heart it couldn't be that other suck-up piece of crap. Did I say crap? Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. How you doing now? Pretty good, sir. I just wanted to thank you for reading my letter on here. That is that your letter? That was my letter about the license down there. All about the license in you. The license in problem I'm having down there in the town. I didn't share the right guys, but I didn't grease the right poms. Well, Wayne wasn't bent over, why could I say? I'm going to stock a right in his wallet. Exactly, exactly. I'm going to stock a right in his wallet. It's the right deposit. And I put her too, also, yeah. But you want to know what the biggest thing was, they would have given me a permit if I had to win over and rent it properly from Wayne. Is that it? They told me that. Oh, my God. And give your permit to go with a stadium, but to use this other person's property that's right across the street. This stadium, no, that's why. Wayne, Wilson, you're going to have to pay to rain just to keep your balls. I, I, I, I figure he's standing outside the little port of potty. They're collecting too. Probably. Probably. But anyway, thank you, sir. I appreciate it. So where do you stand? Are you still in limbo? Where do I stand? I'm still bent over waiting for a stand down in the parking. Okay, good luck, pal. Thank you. You'll need it. He's still in the squatting position. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Thank God for good honest politicians like we got in date. God. Oh, by the way, speaking of honest politicians, I didn't read the, where the hell is it? Ah, Christ, I got all this crap now. I got this just a pile. I got piles in Josie Lambeats column today. The last thing about, uh, Bernandes divorce only took ten minutes. I'm on the get the drift of it. You know, Bernandes is, here it is. Nobody ain't long gone. He had a wife, you know. Who's still screwing around with the, uh, his ex lawyer, right? And that's why they got divorce. And the only took about ten minutes. They said, hey, back this way, Bert and don't trip on that chain between your legs. Here's a mobile and baby. Hello. Hey, how are you doing, Neil? Pretty good, sir. A little fuck up, action. Thanks for giving us the form to scream about the education. So don't let it head. Nobody's to work up about it except me, I guess. Isn't that amazing? I mean, you know, I got, I got a two kids, and one of the elementary school, one middle school. And it's a scary thing. I'll tell you what, the parents need to wake up a little bit. Because I at least spend probably an hour and a half, with each kid every night, going over homework, going over everything that they've covered during the day. Because we know nobody's doing it at the school. I have about 100 horse stories. So I want to talk about two. And I mean, you know, horse stories. Uh, one is the, um, one is the fact that my kid in middle school can't even lunch. That little school, if she wanted to, I was trying to get imagined. But because there's too many kids in the line. Because by the time she gets out of her class, it takes her 25 minutes to get through those lunch lines. Right. That five to ten minutes to eat. The second thing is the kid's out at Western High can't go to the bathroom between classes because the line is too long for them to make it. So what do they do just make in their pants? They hold it. They hold it until they can rush out and make it to the bathroom. It's just, it's just a, uh, terrible, terrible situation. This is the thing. So we got kids who can't take a shower, who walk around smelling bad all day, who also can't take a, anything, uh, natural like that holding it all in all day. And also can't eat maybe. Sounds like a way to, I mean, I've ever agreed, uh, learning experience. It's, uh, you know, we, we've spent a lot of time screening and yelling and talking and sending taxes and calling people, uh, but, you know, sometimes you feel like you're alone out there because the politicians and the, and, uh, school board, I mean, they know the problems there, but it really used up to money and priorities. What would the priorities? And you guys talked about it for out on the how long, you know, is the stadium of priority is our future education or is the future of country of priority. Right. Let's, let's decide, right? Uh, you know, let's give up on the stadium. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Back then, I read the name. So I'm a sandwich. That's what I say. Well, it's, uh, and all, all, all those sites where they're talking about building a new stadium, how build, by building a new school on each one of those sites. How does that sound? Yeah, the civilians are dollars that they're talking or the millions of dollars that they can talk about. It's just amazing. Um, and I'll tell you what, my kid in middle school, she gets six weeks of his head. Uh, one hour, I guess a day, but then the other three quarters, she has other specials they call it or other labs they call it. So they only get six weeks of physical education. At the other time, they don't have any physical education at all. So they only get short period of time to do it. So, all right, this is, it's just one of those situations where we, we need a tax space and we need to, that maybe we just have everybody leaf water, then they'll go release some moon in the schools for the kids. Yeah, okay, like I said, all the old parts and all those people are always screaming about how much better it was someplace else. If, you know, we woke up on Monday morning and they were all gone. I bet you we have a lot of room for schools. Yeah, I also agree with you on one other point that you made earlier. Uh, you know, we can't watch that one certain TV show because we gag every single time we see gag. The gag. Yeah, I know. We can't even watch the show. Okay. I won't mention it. I won't mention it. I'm just saying the land is stationed in two of them. Thank you. Okay. Eight to ten o'clock tonight. Good time for nap, by the way. You know, a pre you're going to bed, nap. Push. Hey, hey, hey. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. I don't know. Oh, oh, oh-oh-ah. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh-oh. Oh, oh, oh-oh Oh, oh. Oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, oh. Now coat, coat, paint You'll just lie and you smile and disdain You're turtable You tell your drugs to fail Except for one day, coat, paint You're mine And we're all painting shog This one is where big, black, coat, paint What a shame, it's just scammed It's ground Okay 145 is five six year WCM We took a poll in the surveying building I'm correct Other than Jeldy the morning show Just the wimps Jeldy's got like a tiny pair that's growing in I guess maybe that is getting married you might need him And the other two guys just You know hopeless So what's Geldie and 10 to 6 and then everybody else you're on your own That's all we can tell you that's what Dani beat told me this morning So he said Well you're right, he's a sour mother scratch, you know? I never realized until this day I always thought it was uh, to tag you Here's a candle hello Good afternoon Yes sir, how you doing? Great before I make my comment Could you just imagine that Jelmy you had on right before the break Is you know all of these kids that have to hold it with a little kid needs to be like in about 10 years Yeah, that's great What a wonderful way to go to school And why are you a bodily functions all day and a smell real bad and here's the other thing They can't and if anything happens to those kidneys in 10 years because of the jet bush they can't sue That's right Anyway, I was gonna ask you were talking about the foresterization earlier I was just wondering if there's a possibility of El Papa and below everybody below him Can tell you see there are a lot of blows. Is that what you said? What they're like that's right here But the thing is can they they have a certain number that they want us to stop at because the United States is a two hundred 70 million I think right and a world of six billion You can't make enough something we've decided to slide the catholic church. It's not possible Well, how about the uh how about making it? In the right? powers You know the ones running for president who will short to the thing jury power yeah, yeah and him and uh Robert soon and all these guys they they like had to happen and they're walking ads for foresterization those three But I just want to know if there's a number of wouldn't even stop that yeah 10 billion oh there you go thank you sir. Okay that that's by beginning and next year I remember there was like two billion people in the world Now there's like about five six something like that Can't understand all this poverty and starvation. Haha can you Just keep making babies and babies and more people not paying no child support and no daddies in the house and Throwing kids into pizza ovens and the blowing their brains out all these things can't figure that out boy Must be those bad movies here. Everybody's watching must be the guy in a radio that keeps saying crap must be those bad words Must be those evil video games, you know that must be it Here's a mobile in Reno hello Okay, that was interesting what that was that all about how's that possible 560 maybe it was Jan Arena 560 560 560 560 maybe she dropped the phone. You know she's old shaky here's Miami. Hello Now it's online 6-2 let's hear it, baby the whole phone system is imploding today This is ceasing very, thank god it's a 12 minutes till 2 This is ceasing very very rapidly of being amusing nothing that ever was Can't do a guy damn talk show in here because we don't have a phone system that works all when you know George Corso's on top of the work It will how about it sometime in our lifetime would be good you know Just like the cable what is that cable coming in here like any day now we keep hearing right the cable Here's West Palm hello Neil Okay, so I got a quick store for you when it comes to the school system in this tricani region. Yes, sir Years ago I'm in I'm in grade school Come originally from of North right so come down here I don't get homework and my parents want to know why The acetate her she shocked that my parents are asking her this question About why I'm not getting any homework right Meanwhile the same woman turns out later was a literate Well, not you know not not a literate, but wasn't you know in our ticket. Yeah, and she's a teacher right stole money from the kids Oh, I'm from field trips You know, but it's stuff like that that makes it that may be a little bit. We got principles down here Who are totally in our particular we got teachers who are illiterate and then we expect them to teach the kids to I do yeah, yeah, and they want to and you know they want to build another they will build one of building other stadium That's why it's plays so many over everybody's dead body men. I mean you talk about a place right here, okay? Where you want you can't support for venues in this town You can't do that here. They're not gonna fill up either the tune to the newest to anywhere I know I know that he is having a dead they got Pat Riley on his hands and he's begging on the TV spots Well, somebody please buy a ticket and everybody is saying oh and the the panther's around 20% Reminds me did you see Bill Lindsay was traded? Yes, I had that on immediately for Todd Simpson. Yes. Yeah, all right Take it easy. Okay. Thanks You think that's gonna make a big difference. No, we'll see 560 50560 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line and we'll see if we have any lines here that work on his god damn phone Maybe maybe not that's the QAMF in way baby just keep raking that money in and raking that money It where the house it going besides the way to John Henry anybody knows oh no Sure ain't going on equipment. I'll tell you then