Sports radio 560 W 2 AM Miami Ford Lunderdale presents the Neil Rossi Show talking Neil called 567 0 560 toll free for David Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone The opinions of Neil is cast's pollers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of W 2 AM of celuie dann position for the Keystone broadcast now Neil Rogers on 14 dollars 2016ฏA ind bağing ah Through ammo遭 Dragote I'm a movement, I'm a tool I'm a toilet seat, I can swing To the bumblebeats, the radio play Oh, so we don't know And I'm all tools for someone's feet I got to tools, a little bit of faith But it's all I need So I can break my high knees, I can see I don't have to push guys, it's just troll When I'm moving side to side, not the toilet closed I never have to train, it's up, out, hold It looks a little like the two zeroes I'd wait to the left, it's wait to the left From the green sheet, you can't tell you why I don't be our burning calories, but you never ever get a big red ring That's why, it's like guys We can't do the exercise, it has enough fun When they make a bomb, open up or two Hey, let me out of it, I'm doing the math Hey, I'm on the toilet, it's just a toilet I don't care, I'll get out 10 out of 5 60 WM, I think I've discovered the greatest thing in history This morning, when you agree? I mean, I didn't discover, but we just been introduced to it Not just for the acting people, but for people trying to lose weight Or just people looking for something different in tasty God, if he's good Only problem is, why didn't we have ten or twenty more containers of this? No, seriously, I didn't take long Well, why would it take long? Is there, it's like sucking on air if I can say that, can I say that? No, sucking on air Okay, like I said, it's like a looking wind Or breaking wind, it's delicious, I'll take about a minute Maybe I'll just milk it all through the show And eventually get around with greatest thing in the history of mankind Zero calories, zero carbs, no artificial sweet, no one else Man, that could keep me in the ocean I could do like a fast for days on that If I just had enough of it, I could just suck on those things But anyway, that's not the subject It's something even almost is shocking Besides the fact that sky is falling, we're going to have a lot of rain And it's going to get windy and it's going to be more crap Which we ought to be used to by now You don't have to go rushing out to Home Depot You don't have to go running out and buying flankslides batteries And bottle water and having to risk breakdown Yes, Irene is a hurricane voice in girls, but it's not the end of the world Same minor, just barely a hurricane, 75 mile an hour winds So 125 miles south west of Havana Which quite frankly, maybe the Lord is punishing somebody down there And I'm saying after that Aburant behavior last week That just might be a part of it, maybe God is pissed off Maybe that's why there's the big blow in Havana I'll sure wouldn't be the very first one And speaking of that I don't know what the scream or eat a banana Editoril and the hero this morning, anybody else see it out there? No, I mean a shock and unbelievable shocker So I'm just like I said, maybe I just eat the editorial This appointing failure to lead Mayor Penalist wrong to block Los Bambam This is the editorial in the Miami-Herold today Oh, I can't miss the true, can this be real that I dream it? Was I hyperventilating because of all the noise in the thunder and the clapping overnight My little dog barking was at it? No, no, I have it right in my hand here in the goddamn editorial too So we'll get to that And of course, OJ continues Soyling everything he touches, just like a bad GM Everything that comes near him, it's like a guy with leprosy Maybe he belongs in a leprosy, what do you say? I'm going to be just a leprosy colony would be good See how they like him, maybe for dinner But at any rate, two cops all smiles with OJ pulled from a street Oh, it was around here that all kinds of people You know, couldn't avoid the attraction And now these two cops that went and responded with 9-11 call Come to the defined out that they were also big groupies I don't understand it, I don't get it What is wrong with you crazy people out there? This is a freaking murderer, okay? A scumbag The lowest subhuman who all but he was he's a whole of famous Like that asshole said yesterday that chronic asshole The whole of the famous it was a football star He did those hurts commercials And that's where you told the colon run Only hurts for a little while, that's what he said And I think he might have had a point So we'll talk about that John Beneb of course, that's all done, we ain't diet anybody there Cops contaminating evidence again, maybe they're a busy getting autographs over there John Ramsey's wealthy is pretty famous guy A lot more famous now after they murdered the... I mean she got... I think she committed suicide is what happened Uh-huh I think she would probably suck And you know how we always blame these things on movies and on the show business Saw the excesses too many times she was doing herself a Linda Blair routine Never the crucifix Which is why they think that she was sexually molested She was doing that routine and then she finally did the rope around the neck routine or whatever And just the hunger cell Huh? I mean, I had to be a suicide, nobody killed her There are no murderers And just the fact that they left and contaminate all the evidence there Within hours after they found the after he went downstairs And was allowed to supposedly find the body That amazing how he just happened to know right where to go to find that body Right of pack up With kind of a blank look on his face Holding it out like like you'd be holding out You know some papers with dog poop on it like that So there's another great case of justice in America But this meringue that's what it is I'm going to tell you right now this is the greatest stuff In the history of the human race This right here this is what I've been looking for all my life All my fat fat diabetic life It's great No BS this isn't see what I like about this is that there's none of that Zyletal and Sorbetal and Manital All the stuff that makes you crap your brains in all that artificial There's nothing to it It's got water egg whites, modified malt vanilla extract Salt baking soda, period that's it There's no artificial anything There's no preservative, there's no additive And there's just the meringue things Which of course is kids we always used to suck on those And then the meringue too And what a great snack And they come like a little plastic container This is like about what about 15 of them and there's something like that Of which you had about two or four and I had about 10 or 11 Nobody but seriously there's nothing to it there for a light But what a great nosh what a great something All in by the way I heard that stuff this morning They were really desperate that business about they want to go play Because they want to go play basketball at the Jewish Community Center And they're crawling over there is it okay for Gentiles See in the words of Albert Einstein and maybe in his most famous The statement shickers a guy Remember him saying that? Einstein? Oh yeah, that's what he said So just stay there alive there on your claim Just go go find your own damn place to play basketball Yeah, I mean the Schwarz is in the oven Plankers there, you know they might teach somebody something They might teach the Jews out of play basketball again Although I don't think Arney Ryzen's making a comeback No no No Morang Meringue Meringue Morang like I said keep the damn spik talk out of this Spik's made it I don't care who made it It's not it's not important to me No it's important to But it's just delicious It actually got taste Did they say there are a lot of these products that are very very good And they kind of like tied you over But we don't pretend that they're like really delicious like a substitute for a Ben and Jerry's fish dig or something like that But this is good Delicious What taste? And I can only envision now after we get about 2,300 containers of this No seriously leaving here every day with a container with this in my hand on a way into the car Tides me over until I get home no pit stops for Ben and Jerry's That's one of my biggest problems Just get the dust bus route when you get home For air, yeah right Let's just let me one crumb for get that I suck them And the meringue too Hey, sorry, sorry Come to me my child You need a light Suddenly I don't find I'll drive your home With me You can trust me I'm a priest It's the least that I could do I just want to be nice to you I'm so sure for the measure Say You're right to have some young man Why don't you Hey, Jerry And you're my magic Oh, you And how do you think that To you And Oh Fine I'm over these steps together I'm inspired as your older church you will Who? What's today? I don't feel First of all, I think I can use the double child I'll have to do this on the side Or somewhere in our shelter There's a chance for me Oh I think it's the bridge I think it's the bridge I'm really excited If they showed us what I did with you Thank you I was only speaking that To you This is me with your passion God be with your passion 10 to 15 I should thank our girlfriend Allen I'd like to voice book We're presenting another care package And all those great photos too By the way, like the slim Jones Diet, the fool food berry soda With zero count And it doesn't have any asspertaminate No calories no carbs No nothing I realize it sounds a little bit strange Oh yeah, we're eating meringue And rickened fool food soda What do you say to that? I probably want most people Would say, well, t you okay? Too bad And also probably ought to give a good little plug To our friends that the delightful bakery Because they were on with us for quite a while And that's our good piezons done there in Kindle At 151 30 Southwest Seconded So I said it in a second I remind Because it was a manufactured this meringue And you remember we had a lot of those snack products From then those different custards and whatever Those who were there The chocolate loose Moose, damn moose Rocky, bowling, kilo whole deal But this meringue stuff I've never had this before I mean not in this form And not for the purpose of a bean on the egg and snack This is I haven't This is what it's all about This is exactly what everybody needs Everybody who reaches for a candy bar For a Snickers bar Everybody who reaches for a Ben and Jerry's Everybody who reaches for a stop That just destroys your whole day And then you get pissed off and just go nuts You say screw with anybody and I've screwed up the whole damn deal So if we can get like I said six or seven hundred containers of this Five the end of the day I'll be all set for a couple of weeks anyway And Alan sends over a whole bunch of other very low carbon Some no carb things here too Which if I have time I'll talk about those But first it's very important editorial Let me take this call and get out of the way It's annoying me mobile and my me be chill out Okay Yeah What is it? Okay I'm glad I got it Another bad phone What we had in Epidemic Abad phones lately Uh-huh In fact I don't think there's anything such as a good phone How come I do I do I hear them all over the station Bad phones out there maybe it's the weather you think that's it No, maybe just the phone company sucks that might be the problem Here's this lead editorial in the hero today of all places like I said I'm still in shock I'm still checking every word to make sure this is the met with they said or they said what they meant This appointing failure to lead Mayor penis wrong the block laws bond a band ban Surely County Mayor Alex Penelis penniless a university of Miami law Oh he's a U of N graduate I never knew that before that explains everything we need to know Yeah I'm sorry I got a little carried away Surely County Mayor Alex Penelis a university of Miami law school graduate knows that he's outside the bounds And asking the US State Department to deny visas for non-corporations of low span ban in Miami on grounds that could stir up more protests Not only is that an indication of leadership on his part It demonstrates upside down logic Laminging of the visitors those van van for the disturbance outside of the Miami Rinalaz 30 night rather than those hotheaded few along the protesters who through dangerous object to concert goes is just plain wrong headed Under the first amendment in the bill of rights the Cuban van once it had followed all the requisite federal and local rules had a right to perform Just as those who oppose the groups of parents had an equal right to protest But to demonstrate his precious right did not extend to the floor Stone agro battery being loved and seeking the cost of van second performance Mr. Pinger like Miami commissioners is putting the weight of his office on the side of those few who apparently failed to grasp or prefer not to understand that the American writer free speech is given to all not just to those who agree with them Is the her of really saying this sounds like everything I've been saying for 20 years it goes on to say These agitators do not represent and indeed embarrass the majority of two but Americans in Miami did county whose rain, whose range on views of those van van the parent runs the gamut from apathy to apoplexie The strongest sentiment this week within and beyond the Cuban American community is a growing awareness with a whole issue. Oh god say that again Mr. Pinger likes to paint himself as a leader who builds bridges among all segments of the community He like and himself that the link between Cuban generations as well as among Cuban and other ethnic groups In several instances he demonstrated that skill even at political risk Yeah, here was a great opportunity to lead the chasm of cultural and historical misunderstanding and write emotionalism by correcting those who count selective repression and keep blue it Let me say it again, keep blue it Mr. Pinger's keep them away from Miami attitude toward Los Van Van and thus by extension any other controversial cultural exchange between Cuba and the US is a lost lesson in leadership Instead of showing the importance of living up to the basic tenets of a free society despite the pain one feels the mayor appeared to support Nate what was right to what he believed was popular What's more while Mr. Pinger's stand on Los Van Van and on-core may serve a shorter man visions it could exact a great price to this community Siding with those who disrupt public expression is a cancer Let me read that sentence again in the Harold today in the Harold oh my god Siding with those who disrupt public expression is a cancer It transmits the worst possible message about greater Miami saying that we like both tolerance and maturity that isn't the case Well, that's a matter of opinion isn't the good nevertheless Yet this community's fabric often strains with loud and passionate debates especially regarding Cuba But those debates are healthy like relief valves releasing dangerous pressure It's a pity that in this instance the community's most popular and able leader squandered an opportunity to remind all of that Oh, this is just exactly what I've said and I want to take credit for because I'm sure that I forced him to write that that I'm positive of it But after yesterday's show because like I said I said where's the outrage Where why are people decrying this kind of behavior especially those idiotic comments where he says almost be cast or sympathizers who are throwing a riot right as if he did some kind of a survey No, he just assumes that because once again he's pantering to this mythical group for this mythical element that he believes is out there which is just a handful of old misfits and malcontents Mayor Ping the wrong to block most band band there's the lead editorial in the hero today saved forever Frame it Tap it to your back dome or whatever else you like Oh, that's it's just shocking goes to show you that if you scream in yellow and carry on long enough sooner or later You course even those people who generally panned or like crazy to the most unacceptable elements in this community They're forced to come around and say what they'll make sense And for them to you know here's a guy who's all alone out there on the ledge out there on that little limb Because that whatnot and obviously he's lost one of his greatest allies because if you'll be called back during that 40 penny sales tax election The Harold oh yeah, you got to go for it and so was the son settle on his side and Then after the election the very next day wrote an editorial chastizing those of you who voted no Telling you you're gonna regret it and your bunch of assholes, but now Now a lot of a sudden the war must turn Probably because at one hero plans that they stuck their finger out the window and they see the public reaction and they The vote on that election are in favor of Mayor Pinga anymore. He's no longer their furry heard boy He graduated you end See not now that I read that I wasn't aware that Now that I read that I can almost excuse him. I can't but I mean almost could excuse him for his total lack of class Common sense he went to you event. I'm making believe school a phantom school Oh my the ladies and other big article here in the you know, which one is his son settled today Marlon's narrow sights to waterdale in Miami waterdale in Miami sights as Marlon first to his oh Get out of here every day This is just like back in the days last year when every day there was a story in both those papers that don's My Louis vine of islands and usually on a front page of the front section remember those Did he buy them all in no Did they get the story right no when every day they're on a front page there was that story Don's my always right on the verge He's right on the edge. He's gonna do what he's gonna do it. Did he do it? No I was crumbled my I'm gonna lick the inside of this Plastic container by the way until I get some more these my meringue gaze Mmm, these are great. This is like I'm serious. This is like going to heaven This is the answer to all of our lives So anyway, there it is in the sunset and do the same as I did just say no to I must be crazy. I must be not the crazy one Two cops all smiles with O. J. pulled from street duty like I said he's a cancer just like they let me read that line in it. I still can't believe it Like I can't I just can't believe it Siding with those who disrupt public expression is a cancer. Oh my god You know something I mean have sexual excitement before this show is over today just for meeting that in the Harold anybody else Right, did you say well, I'm actually a lot of sense lies going but the Harold right, did you say not only does it make a lot of sense But how can I took you guys a hundred years to figure it out? It's a freaking miracle. It's unbelievable and like I try to tell you the warmest turning baby the warmest turning Because now even the Harold the worst pandlers in the history of the human freaking race even they are decrying this Average this growth test this unfricing American barbaric behavior that goes on here over over again and politicians to endorse it politicians who excuse it and invite it And even condolent Nice going Thank you. I take all the credit for it. I really do because it's like reading my own material again just like reading a lot of those sports columns Or they rewrite like that Mike Mayo column a few days ago. We wrote my whole show God, I'm a guy have the shivers and chills up and down my spine. It could either be from those morangs or else from reading that editorial So we'll get to OJ and all the son of good stuff and John Bene And a hockey game last night which I didn't see because I was at the track and because sports channel floor digital now They couldn't get it on their last night. I do have it on tape and saw the saw the winning goal there by the way And I hate to break the news to you remember my good close personal friend. There's no such person as Roddick Pro Radic for over as Yannick for over last time. I checked that was the same Radic for role. I don't want to you on nitpick remember, but I never knew anybody named Raddick for role on the maple leaves What did he just say? It was a little bit the base stands for not while I had him cute Because I wanted to listen to him said over and over again. You wanted to lie because Neil is just I'm covered another scandal here at WCOM. I mentioned this a couple of days ago But I was absolutely positive now. I'm sure beyond any shadow of a doubt somebody in his building is stealing live of males Lied commercials from the neo-rodger show and has been doing it for several weeks now I don't want to mention no names How do you like that? And after our sales manager just waddled in here before the show for the third week in a row and I told her the situation And she keeps telling me of course she would never make up stories or lie to what? Oh no, the same thing over and over again, but she's going to check in with their plan fast And at least they're doing a Jim and Tandy paid baker. They're selling spots that they don't have to sell Robbing from Neil and the paying to the beesleys. I guess is that how it works around here? Yeah Including a guy that I know for a fact bought a spot every day on a show for a year That's getting spectacular results right Alan is that right? I was just talking about him before and for the second time in four days Well, I'm Monday he never got on at all Because I wasn't positive although I did give him a plug because I assume he was supposed to be on when he's supposed to be on Oh, yes Now you'll notice that there are no empty slots in there that they're sticking all these other commercials And so what they're doing is that they're selling other spots that they don't have to sell And bumping my people on here. I just want to go on record is saying that because this time I put my foot down because I sat back like a schmuck During baseball season, they do it last year or two. I don't remember But I know this year they did all year long Where they took people to bought live endorsements spot on a show and a stuck them in Marlin's baseball And we had day baseball games a bait and switch routine And if anybody complained that was at all while you didn't buy the Neil Rogers show you bought a day part You bought 10 a.m. the 2 p.m. and if there's a ball game in there you're stuck with a Marlin game that nobody's listening to Did they buy a day part? Oh, first not they bought the Neil Rogers show But I was obviously beneficial to the radio stationistic those in there because they were getting a much higher rate obviously for those spots Then they were for the dollar-wahaller spots in a Marlin game So they're trying not to lose the spot. So you're following what I'm saying boys and girls are you radio people out there? Patent switch On ethical, unconscionable I mean where is it end? They can't I won't let them squeeze any more spots in here So they will end up with 9 and 10 and 13 and a breaks love the other shows So what they're doing is they're like, you know, moving stuff around if they're convenience If they can sell somebody else something there they shove it in there And take people who have already paid in our expecting to be getting that advertisement to the show They're just in limbo somewhere which is right between purgatory end and a back traffic room How do you like that? What an undelightful experience that is Much of roll crap You're not pulling anybody's feelings and of course they're all in it together You know it's Greg and Louie and it's Philos and whichever one you talk to Oh well I don't have to go talk to the other one because nobody around here knows nothing It's just like that Oh, I think for the golf tournament where everybody was busy, you know, like a little circle jerk A little bit pivoting around 20 and anybody they could blend a finger at You people around here man that the party is over baby, it's out of the bag The horse is out of the barn he's 100 yards down the road The old ways ain't gonna happen between 10 and 2 Just not gonna happen here And don't come in here and tell me that they show us sold out with live commercials And then all of a sudden we have four old rings one day five open is nothing And why because people are sticking other stuff in here They're playing games with a goddamn show And with our sponsors That's how desperate desperate desperate desperate this company is the pay John Henry and Wayne Hezinger There is nothing there are no lights Let me say it again if we let them run 40 minute commercial breaks every hour They say okay great We'll go on sell it. We'll have it all sold by tomorrow Over the stadium diner there's graffiti on the bathroom wall about QA and spot load How do you like that? We've become so notorious that even in T-rooms all over the world now There are angry men and women writing messages about the goddamn ridiculous spot load on this radio station People sitting in their drop in their own load I write in about our spot load. How do you like that? There wasn't bad enough we got all the bad publicity with OJ and that government and our general manager Putting up a big dumb mouth talking about OJ related expenses Somebody might have done nobody can stomble leave that he said that Oh my god Jesus, what what a thing that is to say And what OJ related expenses are we talking about by the way in queer lines we'd like to know about that too While we're at it Little bait in the switch here, okay? You can't complain about our screw pulls in our principal here at WQM because quite frankly we don't have any Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello Yes sir Hey how you doing? Okay I just want to say about Miami I'll place this like a it's like an unruly zoo there Yeah, I mean these people they come from you know wherever they come from and they act like animals man You know, they have no like no respect for themselves or Or anybody else I don't care if they've respected themselves but for nobody else Huh? I said have a great day 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line See a system he says huh at that point I know we've kind of lost each other, you know He's going on his way. I'm wandering along in my way Maybe he's like caught out there in a rain or something in the middle of this storm Maybe that might be it. You think that could be it? Uh-huh, could be Another scandal here at WQM, the spot stealers I've alluded to this because I've been on to what since they started doing it and when you keep getting an answer All the other honor of yours and then it keeps showing up here with all these other spots stuck in there Somebody must be telling story somewhere You know I'm talking about yeah somebody must be fibbon Not that I would use the word lie because nobody around here lies you don't understand that I hope Because they have very very important reputation to protect anybody believe that Eeeeh! No, by the way is lying for a work in today Oh yes it is thank god look at that Here's a mobile in Miami hello Hey Neil, yes sir Have you ever heard when rain delay comes and they say the tarp being bought out is bought to you by Sherwin Williams The tarp has a sponsor too Right I believe just like the extra point on the dolphin game I'm driving back from the airport on Sunday after known listen to the dolphin game against the cold And you know dolphin gets the touchdown here comes a Linda Marley the kick the extra point This extra point is brought to you by I know she's perfect I thought Jesus Christ that we did that spirit that we had to sell the extra point That's where we are The poor booge I mean he did show after the game he says the National League scores Then they go on a 10 minute break Then they're American League scores a 10 minute break It's unbelievable they can give you all the scores at one time If it's a miracle that this station has got any audience listed on it really is I can't believe that the arrow audience must have the patience of job Yeah, unfortunately I drive for 11 so if I flip by and I'll pay here some of the marlin's games Anyway you have a good day Neil Okay, thank you Thanks for the good news I'm sorry if I this score is brought to you by This storm is brought to you by This fart on the knee or Rogers there's an idea for you, okay? Part number seven is brought to you today by Sherwood Williams Yeah Their paints melt a lot better than Europe's dance 560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line I mean I've always said that those of us in radio business were all horrors and we are including me to a point But when you work here, it's like working for like a you know a Flaphouse not like not like a refined house of prostitution Not even the dirtiest little whorehouse in Florida But like a real CD flaphouse You know I'm talking about yeah, where there's like lights in vermin and bed bugs A lot of sexually transmitted disease No clean linen no idea. Yeah, let me just go In the summer of 1999 one movie captured the imagination of the country and this Christmas It'll happen all over again The second I Could people walk around like regular people what do you see I see Johnny Carson What I see Johnny Carson. Oh, how are you? Oh, oh boy. That is wild that you see me of course. I'm not dead. I see Johnny Carson You see what you want to see and can you see me? Oh, yes, Johnny of course I see him again Standing right in front of you apparently this time the kids all mixed up all the second six then I see what he had in this crazy I will stop whispering and course you can see me. I mean, I'm still alive I just think millions of dollars out of condo You want me to do this. This is not snow don't do anything I can't hear you The second six ends this Christmas theaters everywhere Okay, 1045 at 5.50 W 2 AM anyway, by the way, you've fans up there in Atlanta. You're almost as bush league is down here And just kiss Ted Turner Street that you got an owner with a lot of money wasn't going to sell out your whole team Two playoff games up there which they went both by the way the first two in the met series and 44,000 people in the stands for each game Of course the only problem is that they're brand new beautiful stadium holds a 50,500 plus Six and that's 6000 unsolved tickets for each game For a playoff game Remember all the crap we took when the marlins won the world series three years ago and all the garbage that we got because they couldn't sell out the playoff games Uh-huh, right Atlanta Most phony the most fair weather the you know, they just laughed out of a good thing and they just keep suck at it for all they can you know, they don't deserve the praise Atlanta deserves the thrashers. That's more right right in line with what you're all about Biggest goal and I know we have people listen up there in the internet including that bozo to call the couple of days ago That was dissoned in marino or whatever hell a crappy was talking about that doesn't was asked from his elbow in the Falcoons only wish they had him You're real bunch of phony's up there in Atlanta. You're not fooling anybody anywhere in the world. Okay. I like your team. You got a great team. Let boy you people really blow 6000 empty seats twice in a row For a playoff game And of course the excuses Well, you know, we make the playoffs every year. We're so used to getting knocked out and I yeah, oh yeah, right. That's great You suck it two cops all smiles with OJ pull from street duty post for pictures with OJ A lot of people who post for pictures with OJ get into real serious problems A pair of Miami-Dade police officers have been relieved of duty for smiling alongside alongside OJ Simpson for a photo a department's postman said Do you know training officer Ralph de Hazus 42 and a rookie trainee at the hammock station are working best jobs Pettigan turn on investigation over the response distance in 9 11 call last week the take of one del Castillo said The two officers were sent to what townhouse in the crossings neighborhood after Simpson called about 615 p.m. on Sunday to report that his girlfriend Christy Prote had been on a two-day drug binge and wanted to go into rehab Oh, he didn't say that didn't know he didn't he? He later said he called about another friend not probably although Prote is named on the police report. It's in there. It's right in there Two other officers who work at the hammock station gave an accountable what happened they spoke on condition of anonymity After the investigation officers interviewed Simpson and searched the neighborhood for the missing woman they returned to the townhouse to give Simpson a pamphlet about domestic violence And a car with a police case number The Hazus then has Simpson whether the former football running back and murder suspect or is that murderer would pose with him for a polar white snapshot Oh, I got to come back to this because you know what they reminds me of polar words that shot Now the day that Jason brought in the picture of that curly turt of his in the abol Right about lunchtime two by the way nice girl nice time and he's in use sick bastard And I never really dawned on me until yesterday, which was I must have had a lot of idle time yesterday How did that come about in other words did he take his camera in with him? I've never heard of anybody taking a polar word or another kind of camera into the throne planning on taking a per a picture of his in trails Or did he just leave it and just leave word make sure that nobody on oh don't flash on the right back and run out to find somebody with a camera Don't flash out there. I'm coming right back and found somebody with a polar word camera at the Christmas shot of his curly turd The one that was shaped kind of like a candy cane Only course being Jewish where we don't the paint a much attention to candy cane. That's kind of a glacier thing a Christmas time Or getting the story and where the camera came from. This is a very important thing by the way Because I can't imagine that anybody would take a polar word camera in the toilet with them all depending I guess on what they were going to take pictures of Maybe there was a glory hole in there. I don't know if you find out I thought we were getting a spot that was unrelated or was that related to one of our bit What does that mean? In quarry minds want to know about one of our bits So anyway I'm a big fan that he's who said would you mind posing for us a polar word smash out with me? And of course OJ never mind so he just loves the publicity just loves all these people who suck up to him To his murdering black ass. Oh, do you say black ass to his murdering black ass? That's exactly what I said just like John Ramsay and his wife and they're murdering white ass The haze-oose and officer for five years retrieved an instant camera from his patrol car. Maybe that's where Jason got the camera from officer the haze-ooses patrol car The rookie then shot a picture of the haze-oose wood Simpson who was acquitted in 1995 by California Jardre Murturing as a strange web Nicole Simpson or Firm on Golden ID 94 a civil court later found Simpson liable for the two deaths or didn't pay the victim's family's 32 and have many dollars After the photograph Simpson told the haze-oose to wait until the image developed and he autographed it How do you like that? I wonder when he wrote on it? Eeeeh, probably Sheepersley the rookie officer ass Simpson if he could also pose with him too Monkey see monkey do see not a good idea So I'll never trust a guy named Jesus Simpson agreed the haze-oose then photographed the rookie with Simpson later the guinea officers How do you like that? The guinea officers can you see another like that like a couple of teenage schoolgirl Hey, we got O.J. Zadagra, like the people around here, tell people Hey look at this everybody, we got O.J. Zadagra, are you a press that we got it right here? We're holding out a word squeeze of it and the autographed toe Later the guinea officers returned the ham station 10,000 Southwest 142nd Avenue showed off their pictures Sergeant Ariel Rodriguez 35 made in large copies of the pictures to display at this station and that's when the last ended just like that Word of the photograph Scott back to police director Carlos Alvarez one officer with the ham station said A might have been because Simpson went on television to talk about the 911 call and said the responding officers only wanted to take a picture of him How do you like that? Playing right at the hand to this murdering son of a bitch The haze-oose and the rookie were taken off the streets relieved of duty And given desktops They were cited with conduct, unbecoming a police officer and a third officer works with them A set a third whatever the official position of the gate county police benevolent association Such as they are is that the officers did nothing wrong TMI president Rick collagey whatever hell his he's all about confirmed that the informal investigation was under way said when did that there was no war against posing for a picture or singing autograph We certainly don't see a violation Collogey said although we conceded that the officers might have used poor judgment In 25 years with a force I don't remember anybody ever getting in trouble for something like this the pictures are now missing and some other officers are upset about the suspensions and a article in the hero today The pictures are now missing. How do you like that? Maybe when they find those our lives possibly with them the ones that disappeared You know what I mean? Yeah, maybe it and isn't it interesting speaking of O. J. that all his pictures are in her office too Maybe that's where the missing pictures might be. Yeah along with our missing spot And all those other view lights So there you go there's the latest lesson for all you kids out there probably not a kid skip school that I because you didn't kind of weather in the rain and it was a pain in the ass Didn't have an umbrella whatever good excuse There's a message for you don't get your picture taken with a murder or okay if not generally a good idea Don't get your picture taken with somebody who is reviled by almost every same person in the human race Everyone with any common sense any class and I can I'm just envisioning this scene just like scenes We've seen around this place of these two police officers, well, of course work on your tax dollars in date County coming back to the police office The giddy officers return to the hammy station go and Like that oh, look what we got we got okay and look at that Everything he touches turns to pure undedulterated crap Maybe he's part of that cancer that we're talking about in the heralded at the Toro that I Why would any same why would any rational person with any kind of judgment whatsoever Want to be seen with this piece of turd I've asked this question so many times initial never ever can get a reasonable response We keep bringing up all the axiomers that are on death row the Ted Bundies that David Berkowitz is John Wayne Gacy all of these people getting marriage proposals in the mail while the ring jail on death row We need to get their ass fried Sad desperate people And let me tell you again if you look at most of these big slaughter the bigger they are the bigger the celebrity are the more neurotic they are They may not always be true, but generally speaking what a list we could make huh we're talking big big worldwide super stars live a tailor Michael Jackson What's the one that's in the keeps going back on drugs Bobby what else is name I can't think about the one that's in jail again But it's cocaine problem that he can't beat Which one oh I don't want to say quick and slater because you don't like him Robert Downey, Jr. Robert Downey, Jr. I'm sorry And how about the river penis house eat and all once he hit him on So why is it what is that all about what is this hero worship what is it that's missing in your life that you want to attack yourself to some kind of scumbag If you enjoy their work if you enjoy their movies if you enjoy their books whatever it is, okay, that's fine But why is it that you feel so insufficient about your own meaningless little life, which evidently you feel at a must be that you have to latch on to these people these desperate autos these slime these scumbags Who quite frankly are even lower than some of the people we got here and that's saying a lot that's that's quite a statement That's really pushing it to the max Even the barnacles on the bottom of the ship will associate with some of the folks we got around here and those people are lower than these people here I'm talking about That's right they down there with Jacque Sto way under 20,000 leaks scored score onto the sea But just doesn't stop there's just no end of people they all they got to do a scene. Oh, okay, can I have your autograph? Oh Jay and put the knife away, oh Jay What is that all about What does it take to make you people understand a scumbag is a scumbag? Is that what Einstein said just before he said shickers a goi he said a scumbag is a scumbag? This is five sixty two a.m My dad's not me He makes me a When I went home again I Was killed by my daddy I walked through a night and I was a kid It's not a meeting of it I'm a criminal He beat me and he beat me throughout their house And just my head and you know He's up and oh So they're gonna let him go My dad's not me He beat me to get it up So he's up on who do they You live in here in that city But I don't know I don't know I'm going to say a lot of those two five sixty two Just one other thing here of us is OJ business and these two police officers I want you to stop and think about one thing Remember the contradictions that we had when we first heard about the 911 call We heard the tapes and channel seven and channel four they were all salivating with it And then the next day they interviewed this bitch. I mean it's so young lady Oh, of course OJ changed this story and basically said that the police officers got it all wrong Basically you said they're full of crap. They're lying. He never talked about Pedro Guerrero That was mistaken and he also never said that it was his girlfriend. It was somebody else. It must have been a misunderstanding they're full of crap But the fact that he's really calling them liars by changing a story and ministry which is nothing new for him You know, Pedro Guerrero is out there chipping golf balls now. That's a catch-offer. Everybody's chipping balls are slicing next or something like that But the police officers that he made look bad They're running around with his autograph and his pictures. Oh, look what we got look what we got Of course not having any way of knowing that before the day was true He would do his best to make them look like asshole and liars and in the Jackassus So like I've said a million times all your kids out there if you want to get ahead in life If you don't want to get fired from your job, if you don't want to get suspended, which is seem to be a lot of suspensions going around these days From people posing for pictures with OJ for whatever reason just stay the hell away. That's a real good idea If you see and run like a son of a bitch and cover your neck So John Benei, I guess committed suicide John Benei grand jury finds no one to accuse all the evidence lacking in death of six year old after we get the big build up We had a lot of four play for days and days. Oh, it's getting close. They're getting right to the end and the grand jury's got to come up with something You know what they came up with What they came up with Yeah, they're squatten on it and of course it's only a couple months away from the two year anniversary of her Christmas time murder two years Our suicide December 26 1996. Well, I'm sorry three years ago. Can you believe that? December 26 1996. We're coming up on the three year anniversary. I thought it was only two time flies when you haven't fun Couple of months. It'll be the three year anniversary of her suicide or whatever and we still have no no culprit Critics claimed that the and I may be OJ when he's out there on the golf course can not only find the people that you'll run into cool But also the permit we'll be the same culprit they're not that far part LA and Boulder Same company. John Benei wouldn't surprise me. He's on the case right now In between shipping balls Critics planned that the investigation was compromised early when detectives believe and they were dealing with a kidnapping allowed friends and family to roam through the Ramsey mansion Contaminating all the evidence Finger prints whatever whatever other evidence was there or might have been there Contaminated by all these people and then of course police also asked John Ramsey to conduct a search with just Accidents and finally led to the discovery of the body didn't take him too long either he knew right where to go right where to find it just right where he left it This kind of police were it sounds just like what happened in the which if you've heard the book because it's before I was born and most of you too I'm sure the kidnapping in the Lindberg baby in the murder of it same kind of police work Contaminating all the evidence Contaminating the footprints at the base of the ladder that was outside the window where the Lindberg baby was kidnapped from Beautiful police work And then of course where we now and then when we do have good police work done when they find the bloody glove When they got all the blood evidence the DNA matches all this stuff and we still can't can't infect anybody Now you know that was all planted. Oh, that's true. I forgot about that It conspiracy. Well, don't you think we'll have a whole bunch of white folks calling into the same. Hey, we got away with it again White power Yeah, John and Patty. Alright, let's hear for John and Patty. Maybe some white folks got off this time What's wrong with that? What's good for the gooses good for the esports or what's wrong with that? I don't understand what you're laughing about. I'm I'm saying that very seriously a couple of nice upstanding folks who just you know probably murdered their little girl I mean the the ransom note that she wrote out two and a half page ransom note. Oh, yeah, we're a group of individuals representing a small foreign faction We respect your business, but not the country that serves it at this time. We have your daughter in our possession And I know that if I was going to go into somebody's house especially a gigantic mansion like that with all those rooms and all the different hidden places I know that I would just sit down take my time and a risk rob nice letter And then I would make sure I took her down into a place that was almost impossible to find Behind the wash room, which most people didn't even know that little room was there and the door there so to speak And then just kind of like you know tidy up a little bit and saunter out take my sweet time I mean anybody will believe that is got to be insane and also I don't understand this other business of all along. How is it to kind of pick and chose when they were going to speak to the police I don't understand it. Do you understand it? In other words, if police say we want to maybe we've been watching too much perimation But when they go to somebody's house, they say we want to come downtown. We're going to, you know, we want to interrogate you. They come downtown They don't make it off for the can't refuse Isn't that the way it usually works? Unless of course you're multi-millionaire, which shows again black rich people like OJ they get one kind of justice and white rich people They get that same kind of justice. They get away with it. No, what Brian Blades didn't want to talk to the police. Are you starting with him again? He had an important thing to do. He had a run fast in jump high I wonder how high OJ had to jump to get up to run sec with that machete Huh? Which is pretty tall. Although he can't run fast, he got those damn artistic knees. Yeah, I think he wouldn't have needed the Bronco. It's not regaled that far away. On 1997 white Ford Must thank convertible. I was so depressed when I read that. It would have been so beautiful if it would have said On 1997 white Ford Bronco. Oh, God, I would have spasped all of myself above whatever that. I thought it had been perfect As he just keeps rubbing the noses of everybody in. Do you remember that? Got this place all screwed up? You got this whole joy here in turmoil Got the police department down there and the hammocks got them all up in turmoil And like I've been saying, very easy solution. Just go away. Just bother somebody else. Don't go away mad OJ. Just go away. And don't come back line you're at it. Just go find some other white copage. Okay, please. And just don't come back here. Not thought I'm saying that this one is or isn't Because maybe he was talking about somebody else and then again maybe he wasn't. Maybe Pedro Guerrero was offered For a couple of days and maybe Pedro was out there chip and golf balls. I mean let's get serious. Who in the world could possibly be stupid enough Roy to believe this crap? I'm trying to set me real Oh I I Once did a girl Oh, should I say She doesn't need She thought this was good Should I whip out my morning moon She asked me how long it was staying And I stopped in the last I've done You're digging in fire, girl It's tricks when you pee in the bathroom Work hard But when I woke I was lost She chucked this dog So I torched her house Better not I Oh I I Oh I just thought I would mention since I saw Where did I see it on any summer? Maybe it was on I guess it was about John Lennon over the weekend And he was a real asshole All these people are like all I mean forget about his music if you liked it You didn't like it, you thought he was a great writer Or whatever you thought But regardless of that he was a real major asshole By the way speaking of asshole, Jeff Gordon will be on Joe Costello's Motorsports Center. This is Saturday morning at 6am for all you racing fans out there Jeff Gordon, I mean you know he's boring What are you? He's a little forpiguy And maybe he's an asshole I don't even know he's got enough personality to be an asshole But he certainly is very very famous And Joe Costello said pretty please mention it will be on an area go No extra charge Joe 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Here's the rail hello Good morning Neil Yes sir There were a lot of things he spoke about Let me see where I can start First of all OG since I think I such a liar Why do people even give them you know like the time of day Since he'd lied about worrying those shoes when he was in court He wouldn't work those ugly ass shoes He didn't work in 60,000 pictures of wearing the shoes Yeah about a million right All fake Jesus Another thing I wanted to say Oh why didn't he on Miami police officers get in trouble when they arrested Joseca's sickle when he beat his wife And he was in court and all these cops If you remember seeing that all these cops started taking pictures with him And it was caught on courtroom or surveillance camera He's the next person Star struck cops man So it's right off the bed If you're a famous celebrity like that you got the edge Because the cops are awestrous They don't give a crap who you beat up Who you murdered what the I did Oh G could I be a autograph OG OJ I try What else you know what I'm just surprised You know what I actually called for Since you got the a herald their hot and steamy In a section 2B which is the inside story You want to be yet Yeah The inside story of Willie Tridino Saying his part about the event And they're playing with them On paraphrag, paragraph 6 and the inside story It says yes he janned with the event A ban more than once not only that He also bought instruments for some of their members So what? Well they also says those people are not my enemy They are not your enemy Only castors my enemy The singer proclaimed and I resent anybody doubting my cubaness Or my position as a free cuban I have a heavy heavy We've been saying that already for years Right No, it'll be interesting to see What these cubaness exile crazy people are going to do next Are they one going to listen to what he just said And not protest when they're banned Now we're not No, they don't have it in addition to what you're forgetting The Spanish language radio stations and the politicians like Tomás O'Dragadolato Or all these other assholes They'll have them so whipped up by December that there would be five times as many people out there Or two or two They protest in December and they have to protest Cheneyne also Yeah Because of him saying this which we've all been saying for a long time So that'll be interesting to see what happens next I hope didn't rush this one under the carpet Don't we always see we just stop I mean you know, right Right, it didn't happen to you You know, no, it sounded like this media frenzy You know, especially the latin stations And how about that hero that tutorial today sir? Which one? Did you hear when I went? Oh yeah, I've been hearing everything you said The one about knocking a mayor, ripping a mayor of big ass Oh yeah, you know that they're saying that sighting with those who disrupt public expression is a cancer Yeah, right You know that when I when I watch the news with my dad every time they show this guy his face on TV He just walks away He can't stand Yeah Okay My dog starts puking on a floor when he comes on Have a great day Oh, seriously my little dog he said Good And then if it's Oh, I'll just say Every time a mayor pinger comes on there My little dog is allergic to a pinger 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line Here's Hialia, hello Hello Yes sir Any other, you know, have you heard those? Ojee found the story Did I heard what? The song of Ojee, it's called the story Let's know you're a Voting No Can I play for you? Go ahead Here you go O' black goody had a wife 660 here O' black goody had a big old night Looked here Looked here With a sample in a dead due there Here we go near a coat Everywhere I'm sorry O' black goody Could you wrap up Oh, looked here O' black goody went in a coat Looked here Went in a coat In the judge was a neck The material here Here Could I play here and take a look at it O' here and there Everywhere I'm sorry O' black goody had a big old night Here we go near a coat Everywhere I'm sorry O' black goody had a wife O' black goody had a chair Looked here O' black goody had a chair Looked here O' black goody had a chair Looked here Looked here With a zapsapir Zapsapir Now that burning O' black goody had a chair And he came through there In the same way O' black goody had a coat Everywhere I'm sorry O' black goody had a coat Looked here O' black goody had a chair O' black goody had a chair Thanks and thanks to Howard too Bob and I even like Bob of the way If he's the one who could have pulled a switch Even will mend our fences 560560 Pound 560 on the AT&T Wiresline I guess I'm the only one I just blown away by this A hero that had a tour of the day Maybe they're just so shocked That the cats got their tongue I would have thought that people would be Just hyperventilating about that It's one of the highlights of my life It's just indescribable And what do these people say? Not much we got 1600 open lines here as usual See nothing faces these people It's just the same you know They just like that same boring note Here's sunny aisles Hello Yes sir I'll line 7suit up Come me back on another line sir Sorry I can't put that on here The inside lines Did they work today? No The business stuff oh no Line 7 is that fixed? No we got the cable though Nice going there George Of course we got our cable here So I can watch the weather channel There's some nice music for the weather channel While we're showing us it's going to rain like a subtle bit You can get custody in this game when we for a couple of days And you people on the west coast you better watch it First of all if you're by pamphlets and pure water But that's what's on or you've already seen it a million times And then of course today we find out for sure We got the shadow without that they're ripping off our spots On the show and the playing games But if we don't just be cooperative like the other shows And one thirteen and fourteen minutes every break We wouldn't have to worry about that And believe me they'd love it they would do it All I have to give the green light and say hey you got all these other spots Just throw them in there we don't care we don't care about the audience We don't care about the show we don't care about ratings We're just here to make you people money Which wouldn't be so bad I don't mind making the money But I don't like putting it in John Henry and Wayne High Pingers pocket That's what really frost my big fat aging ass Pierce Pembroke pine Hello Hello, what is it? Hello, Neil Yes I'm these surprise and then you don't talk about the idea of me I was fighting in the street With these one people and then Yeah, I already talked about that when it was going on months ago Okay, sir, so I don't know what you're surprised about I've one track my one no Charlie or whatever your name is Rodriguez Final again roll yeah hit him again roll punch him in ahead nice going baby Let's hear it for our rule Oh, there's some excited and highly they're eating roll five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line You're boring sir you're boring you're monotonous you're tragic you're pathetic and by the way you put them in there in a first place So what do you bitch and us about I'm not gonna do with it? Just there's can't kill tell you here's a lady in Miami hello Hi Neil Yes, man enjoying your your right on as always If you did that transcript in the paper the Harold She sounded like he was O.J. was in a domestic dispute with with the girlfriend Proty And she said she wouldn't come back until he left Right and it sounds like That's what it said yesterday and I'm going shotgun these 600 parts to yeah it's not an echo replay Right and if that happens if he kills her I don't think that they'll convict him even for the third murder I've kind of the point after the bene Same where the parents I don't think if he kills his girl I think he'll get away with it again I really do Yeah, what do I think well I'm gonna start you know, projecting before he does it let's live with them do it first Then we'll conjecture Well I'm so cynical now about the judicial system I think he'll get away with a third murder And you know something if he did kill her and it was the same kind of a trial and we had to go through much more that's with the story results Something people that are kissing his ass right now and looking for his autograph They still be kissing his ass and looking for his autograph and posing for Polaroid pictures of O.J. with his hook shaped turd You're right you're right. You're right on isn't it now either can you explain do you understand that well What is wrong with people is it low IQ? Lowly don't the steam low self esteem people who feel that they are little tiny meaningless people who want to be like Sam the sham in there And appendage to somebody else they want a latch on like your goddamn leech But don't they realize if this guy jumped on 10 human beings they don't care They don't care and you know something even the ones who believe just as much as we do that he did is they still don't care They want to rub shoulders with somebody's famous Unbelievable exactly Right, go test Pukinducing All right, I'm gonna throw up. Okay Give a towel 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line nobody has yet to explain to me just like our quest for a wide gotten vetted hill Maybe so O.J. could go there. Maybe that's the reason Just like yesterday I tried for hours to get answered that question if we get anything that made any sense No, of course not Same thing here today why do people gravitate why do they surround everywhere he goes everywhere people of his ilk go surrounded by all these breathless admirers You gotta be out of your mind you've gotta be a very very sick little teeny tiny person Who can't complain about your ego because you don't have any no self esteem no self respect no common sense no dignity Just like looking at me. I work for these people Anybody have a heart or a liver In toy store now from the makers of tickle me Elmo it's the all new take that thing out of me Elmo Mom Elmo taking my temper, you with his hands the new take that thing out of me Elmo and coming soon the vibrating Elmo I think I'm falling in love with Elmo In toy stores now See sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't when it stops So line four let's see if line four is doing it again here. There. Oh line four screwed up again Again What a what this thing is that good you're right. We gotta get a real one. I scroll it over for Brian. Nice try it's a lot of fun Okay, how about line seven how's that when doing? Oh, every now and then a kid's but it won't work. Okay, so we're sitting here again the same will crap day after day after day. We're making any progress around. Oh, no They're stealing our spots or equipment doesn't work but we're doing the best we can okay. You got the cable. What do you want that's where we got the cable today so I can watch that big purple and orange blob on there and uh, oh, that's pretty sure is pretty and by the way it's stationary You're loving a clock I forgot to give that the coordinates 21.7 north 82.4 west For those coordinate nerds out there who plot these things and it's still exactly the same spot. Well almost 120 miles south southwest of Havana She's still sitting there waiting to see what she's gonna do make up her mind like most women just take it or time for her not what she's gonna do So it's gonna rain. It's gonna be windy. It's gonna be nasty, but over here on the southeast coast don't have an earthquake down I don't know she want to make Ryan or cross-saccing. Here's parrine hello Hello, yes, sir. How you doing sir? Okay. Yes, man. I got I got a real I got some beast this morning I got some be with me a pingo. Yeah, I'm gonna stand up and I'm gonna get these I'm a young African American I've been listening to you right I listen to you know a lot. I might not like you but we do listen to you right He's talking to the start and take this out in this These are you fed some about he right in the letter to try to get this two women banned a Castro ban or whatever right Right, they're Visa and their master card. Okay. We'll check this out. He want to get involved with that. What was he when? He's a Cuban-spick buddy shot for black man in Liberty City of the D and we was trying to get him to write a letter to the federal agents to come and investigate the Corrupted by the police department. What was it in? Yeah, he's not the police officer shot the scumbag that was Yeah, I'm not gonna try to get don what he did with man's death. He's supposed to be the man for all people not just Spanish speaking people You understand home-me-sectional Spanish speaking people at that home-me-sectional Spanish people right No, I understand all right. I have nothing to do with that major. I write a canochrome Me, you are right right now. You're fast. They're like this. We don't like him. I hate us good I'll be doing a plane in the crash and in a lake lake somewhere. Yeah, he's not bro like summer. Okay, okay If you're gonna be flying over Lake somewhere Mr. Mayor. I think I might be a bad idea. I want to change your route because this guy says you be gonna crash there Just like Linda Blair he said. You're gonna die up there something like that Just before she did her scored score at P soup five six seven five six eight a lot of P in that movie You know, is that P on the floor P soup? P all over the place Five six seven five six three we're operating with a half a decade again. They didn't even realize it See it gets it gets really old doing that and you're pumping the number of puppets that are then all of a sudden you fight a half a guy Damn lines are working again and you got howling sounds and puking and you got the There you go and you got this one. This one just you punch it up and it rings by itself. It just those all kinds of fancy screw up things So that's why we ought to really all the shows ought to be on this thing I'm just going to be in the middle of the This is a mobile in the market market. Hello. I don't I'm doing okay so it's all become just a big joke to me. I'll just take the money every two weeks And if they don't care to them, you know, there are jokes. I do notice that the biggest comeback more than media exploits the situation Well of course We have 75 of those tabloids shows under there and they're for the making money big time Exactly and we have all the And why do you why do you think Dan Brad did the lead story on CBS evening news tonight to go to I forgot to mention yesterday Was they had that surveillance film now from column by and high and they're showing those poor kids hiding under the desk in the cafeteria And hiding under the tables. I mean like we really have to show that to America. We have to subject those kids to more abuse and bring back these horrible memories And right there the lead story on CBS evening news which is supposedly a responsible news outfibre which of course is not is showing us this crap because it's available So let's put it on there. Where is the unsubrived interest pictures of people all kids getting their head blown off exactly But they you know what's outrageous. Where was and I'm just saying this for general information. Where was the guy like just even to attend years ago Wrestling yeah exactly but why didn't somebody like him come to the forefront and well better late than never what do you mean? And what was he 20 years ago? Where was he during the year and see exactly and better late than never man. He's there right now. I say grab onto them Yeah, there's no doubt. I mean he's definitely an inspiration and that's what the people of this country need. Many people like you who speak to truth and they did guy like just even sure to run for political often. All right, I would that in mind. I think I'm done. Okay. Stick your fork in and he's done and that would joy would say I don't say that then. 560 5060. 560. Let's bring joy Reynolds back. How about you say no how about for two minutes. No. He'll put all the chronic son. Bring in the bill. What's his name? Bill Marshall. Do that stupid little laugh loop. Oh, all the chronic sin this studio. Oh, yeah. He'll have many are holding their hand. Find out which one smells the best. Here's a mobile and Weston. Hello. Hello, Neil. But I think we have a no yes sir. I listen before your show comes on. I occasionally listen to Howard and I was wondering what if there was any truth to the audience. Articorn and paid six to the post that was read on the news about the Lago Maro J. Deal. What do you mean if there's any truth in other words, I think Howard discovered that story. He got the power out of the New York Post. Greg, but it's that most the majority of the charity money with. That's not what the story said. Greg Reid and his stupidity are general managers and some of it went to O.J. We laid it expenses. First of all, they never raised any $25,000. They raised a few thousand maybe five or six of which the charity got over a couple of grandest. As far as the accounting and all that, I have no idea. But to say that most of it went to O.J. We let expenses will be ridiculous. But if any of it went to O.J. We let expenses, it would also be totally unacceptable. Exactly. If you'd like to especially in line with the fact that we made it very clear to ourselves, the prominent some of the people that went out of their way to bring him in here, that we didn't want him to have anything to do with this. It was made very, very crystal clear to these people. And go, the people that are responsible are now paying the price. One of them is, what is one of them has been suspended and hopefully won't be back any time in my lifetime. And you're ready to walk it around Scott for you laughing in the line. What did they want to gain out of? What did they hope to get out of O.J. We're going to show us, me, especially. They're going to show us that because O.J. is their buddy, they're going to bring him in with me like it or not. And number two, they want to hear the chance to show us to be big shots. Just like I'm talking about, little tiny people who feel very unimportant with no assault respect. And therefore, they got a latch on to this murdering bastard. Right. I mean, all you think that publicity for the VWQAM is, is, is, worth being done any kind of publicity? They, they don't care. They, they do not care. They're not here. They're not here to see. Now you're suggesting that there's some thought process involved there. They don't care. They have no concept of damage control. I mean, why would a general manager talk to somebody in the media and say, some of the profit went to O.J. related expenses? Kind of a comment is that. Crazy. I mean, really, what's the bad light on your old radio? Absolutely. Nobody like that guy. Right. I mean, everybody just fly. Nobody with a brain. Nobody with any common sense wants anything. They want him a million miles away if not further. I don't know why they don't even go live in Europe or someone in bed. No, they, everyone, they already tried that. They told him, no way, Jose, get out of here and take your vision and green cards. All right. Well, keep up the good work. Okay. Thanks, Tom. Okay. Well, listen, what can we do? It's embarrassing to work here. We're here for the money. Just like they are. They're here for the money. I'm here for the money. At least I'm up front of you. I'm not going to lie here and say, Oh, yeah. We're here to be the great sports day. I'm not just here to hold the money. That's all we're doing in boy. That's why you hear these 85 minute breaks because they don't care. They don't give a crap. Don't you understand? They don't care. Dispacions, dams for nothing. Oh, that. He's a wonderful boy, Tom. Adam, may you win, sir? Excellent. She had a win. He could read him off of two words. Correct. He's winning, my way. He's facing the head. And the title, too, with the title, he's facing the very heart of the world. And the heart of the world. And the heart of the world. Just get him by the door of the dark. Or the rainbow. We could get him that time. Why the math is larger. The friends you said, J-bar. They're there. They're there. They're all decidels. When they find out you think it's dribble. And what can they do? I can't afford you, J-bar. Go on, I can't even take me. Go on, I can't even take me. Go on, I can't even take me. Well, yeah. You know the race track. Lefty can't come through there. It has to be a stand close. And your socks just like all Hoover. This is the door for a guy in front of me. And you said you liked the house. The question of you always meant is, It's a good time is where I'm in front of. And the wall is digital. When they find out you think it's dribble. One is straight. A down the floor is gay. You're a man. You're a man. You're a man. You're a man. You're a man. I think you're a man. I think you're a man. I think you're a man. The first question you'll ask is, hey, Jeff, are you really. Also, since we're prone to everything on the station. We're going to have to go to the station. We're going to have to go to the station. We're going to have to go to the station. We're going to have to go to the station. We're going to have to go to the station. We're going to have to go to the station. We have to go to the station. We're going to have to go to the station. We have to go to the station. won't you hear no more I just say they just blew it right off yeah it's show there then it in at right you agree absolutely all how could you go to a murder scene where we're even a and a ledge kidnapping scene and just let all these people just go rumging to the house not only that they lost this kid on a trail three three miles or eight miles you know the three year old kid and he met two fishermen and a fisherman or a four considered kid they just let them go something's wrong with the people in Colorado hey man state a lot of their man also Brian let's go to school or yes Brian Craig okay great thank you five six seven other light bulb was near five six seven oh five sixty nobody knows who that is sir and nobody cares nobody under the age of five hundred cares about the light bulb people don't you understand that sir oh can't you get it oh God five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line here's Hollywood hello yes sir the morning sir all right okay not much material just the question for you the meal these people that you work for they got to hear you on the air when you give them a good action not that yes and let me don't they feel whenever they're in your presence don't they feel just a little I would just say embarrassed embarrassed for what they use you see two minutes what they really are no no no no no no shame at all of course not no they didn't visit they've been doing this business long before I came to here and I'm sure they'll be doing it this way long after I'm out of here they don't care they just have to put up with it because they have no choice because this show is making a lot of money but they don't have care they have to have no scruples they have no principle they do it their own way and that's just the way it's going to be and then they run around they tell little stories and they try to cover each other's tracks over and there's a place operated it's a joke nobody dollar is not pal that's not the most important thing it's the only thing I know you said a while back you know if they were planning on bringing O.J. into your station to let you say that he comes in you go out that's correct I know you're a man of your word you would have stepped away from your contract absolutely and I respect a meal or I say thank you for being yourself keep up the good work and I bless you okay and I got this for there's the Chinaman Chantson Heli would do it because they already know just from the overwhelming the negative I've just been showing up at the golf tournament just like you know Pete Bolger what a genius he is when they tried that last year another one of their desperate acts oh we're gonna we're gonna pay him to do one hour day are we're gonna sell it all but the deal whatever was thousand dollars a day to do one hour some crap like that as a desperate publicity stunt because just like our third two chief to roll right in anyway and just in the day between the the time the announcement was made in the next day when they retracted the offer all of a sudden to O.J. they got a torrent of threats of cancellation from sponsors and negative vibes from everybody all 20 other listeners I bet you even all three are her listeners we'll probably threatening you uh... turned it off five six out of the course of your listening to her you know that you got a crystal radio set to nine forty won't pick anything else up open five six out of five sixty pump five sixty on the eighteen t line here's my any hello no one else yes sir uh... i think i've got to come this morning uh... i just to name with the other you have to to my amy spines that uh... replied is nine one one call out there were up but on administrative i read the whole article yeah i i i'm gonna because they had their pictures and they were a snapshot in autographs and where they're sucking around with them and like i said before and then later in the day after they were uh... screwing around and giggling in the gitty back at the hamics police department and then he makes fools out of the next liars out of by denying that he told them all the stuff that uh... he did tell them that that's a reward they get for sucking up them is a they get suspended and be he claims that they're full of crappy never said those things exactly and the guy couple calling to go what was with patchy rancy in the colorado in a little boy was probably that's the okay the little kids keep seeing the scene to keep disappearing every time the rams he's around i want to and i said the judge this during the break before this is the end to it if they would have found the statute drugs in that house even with all their money i bet you that they had the TV crews in there they made a big bus all john rams he's a a notorious international drug dealer we found all this code can be found a huge that because drugs removal murder that's not so bad but drugs are real bad it's like the american mentality that says sex is evil and bad and dirty but violence that's okay here's hollywood hello pay neo has a good okay sir and unbelievable it's about to come on the news again about roul martina's attacking that kid uh... highly mayor he attacked the kid on chel seven why don't you know what he's talking about first of all and get on channel seven news why why why why want to see that again because this kid is supposedly attacked the mayor and they finally show the videos of the channel seven after the old news he's in the narrative and all news nobody cares okay get a life get a life my professional who you know friend get a life nobody cares i'm watching the weather channel right now i'm watching hurricane i read good night whatever that song was i don't give a crap about roul martina's you're boring your pondress your terminal we wish roul martina's would go away to just like maybe can take oj with him pack a maybe a no-chay and a god damn a small black bag and get out of here five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wyrless line sad here's a mobile in the polls hello hey neo how are you okay sir hey i don't get you show very much but it sounds pretty good i just had a couple of quick comments first of all oj over here in kai yukani we send his ass up the tala has to go sparky if uh he did anything as far to hopefully this maybe even up to our kid yeah well hey our kid yeah it would make it out of life um but i want to just to say that it's a pretty good show and a sorry i can't get it too much we're getting ready for the hurricane but i've led the last call or cleared up the issue about some guy named roul martina is like i just heard that other thing but uh i wanted to call mostly about oj and uh okay thank you okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wyrless line here's a mobile in four-laterdale hello hey neo how's it going okay sir pretty depressed my friend today is my experience what do you think about it jew one thirty it's the first day oh poor baby feeling old yeah i'll start for thanks neo i love that little jingle yeah i love it it makes no better hey better yet how about uh telling uh mayor martina is that oj called him a scumbag maybe it'll go after and that's my good idea uh you think i think uh we're all could take care of anyway two cycles and a pot right there anyway uh just wanted to call and uh which we have to press that you okay well okay nobody's don't be curious about me have a great life pal we care about you not really but if you believe it or make you feel better especially uh yeah we care about him a little bit not a whole lot we don't own yet maybe we might tool for me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wyrless line how about line seven is that working yeah now sound like it is working the only problem is i think when you call and line four maybe they got that fixed now let's do that just that sound like it's looking a little bit no oh they are you can hear the buzz in the background you mean from guiding life buzz or he sure got problems that was he just can't do anything right you know and it's been i mean you know by the way those of you the 10 of you that do watch guiding light you do know that bed is gonna get over very soon and i mean talk about dragging something out they've already got about 400 suspect everybody who's promised to kill bed rightfully so but i think enough is enough i say let's kill him this week get it over with never worry about who done it is wrong with the I'm a big piece of life There's only one thing that I want I was born with all And I started to make you look for yourself I was born with all I was born with all I was born with all I was born with all When we tried to For a few times more There's more than a shower More hot sauce I can almost smell them Cluster cheese It's based on me and me So soon when you go through the dry foods Then we can eat in the car We're the door The kind of mistakes you know I'm not here I'm not here And just another one that's what's got to flow I'm here I'm not here I'm not here I'm not here I'm not here By the way, just see the thing in Alabama They had the lottery On the ballot the other day Governor was a push-in for lottery Money for education by the way And the voter said No, it's immoral God says the Bible says that Easy money, something for nothing It's all against our morals And the voters of Alabama said No, no, no You don't need to go to school And get to heaven That's right In fact, the summer you are the more likely You're going to believe that little crap So let's keep in the dumb and pregnant Don't need your fancy bookload 560 We got 1600 open line here today All of a sudden, I don't know where And some of them actually work I mean, many of them don't Some of them do some of them Like, uh, here's a mobile in Bokello No, you don't know that Line 4 actually worked this time Let's hear it Oh my God Yeah, what about line 5 I don't know You know, I used to live in Alabama Terrible place to live Terrible for a Jewish man to live Oh my God Oh, Neil Three years ago, two years ago Or a year ago, and those midday guys were on And you were coming on, I thought, I thought, bad But it turned out really good I turned all my friends on you Yeah, and here we are still two years later And I'm still here Here's the thing, Neil Next Wednesday night You're going to go to the poppino For what? You're going to go back What does that mean? You're going to go to the track next Maybe I might, maybe I won't I think we got a hockey game next Wednesday, I believe Well, when you get a chance, Neil I want to be your guest in your box You want to be my guest with fat rich No Why not? Why didn't you want to be my guest for you, Neil? You've got one? I'll give you some tips in the race No Come on No chance I'll bring you fish food No No No Can I call somebody a douchebag? No 560, 50560 560 Are you seeing you wonder why I told him Forget it? Just stay to hell away, pal 560 on the AT&T wireless line What's it? What just happened here like in the last ten minutes? And that was online force So what's the minimum state? Because we know line four doesn't work Does it? Do you want you wind up with this paranoia with this phone thing? Because this place we can't ever see We just can't get the people at Bellsauce To get our phone things straightened out here This morning they're calling out to the Jewish community center That's how desperate it was to see if go ahead and can go play basketball Because it's going to rain That's how desperate we are Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hey, I want to be your guest for dinner sometime too Sure, no problem Thank you Line your eye Yeah Line your eye on Chicago Hope They're going to say the S word on Are you doing it? Oh, you did? Yeah, okay I'm out of there from front to right Front to rear Isn't that revolutionary? Like we're really making progress in America No, it could make a change No, I don't think it would be here Yeah, right, there you go Okay Okay, thank you But we don't give it an S H 560, 560, pound five 60 On the AT&T wireless line Line four working Sounds like it to me 5 Sounds like it's six? Seven Eight They're all working There's nothing wrong with the phone lines Now that they're all working now, we'll send it to Saturday at the end That's it Put up a bunch of long kids, man Put up a bunch of deadheads It's just Beyond belief It should be unbelievable No, it's very believable Here's a lady in dear field, hello Can you? Yes, man I'm a long time listener Way back in when you were with the deadbeat stand We never paid you back But anyway I want to just say I have breast cancer And I get my chemo treatment And if it wasn't for you, you know, I put my head set on And just drip the crap in me But you make it go a lot easier And you're, you know I'm sitting there laughing Everybody's looking at me But I wanted to tell you thanks a lot And I'll get through this Damn disease But I wanted to do They're going to sit on Chicago Hope but we can't see it here on here She said a sage 560, 560, 560, 560 On the AT&T, wireless line I would do believe all eight lines are working on Now that we don't need them to be working Now I think they're all working maybe Just like you were office full They're working for about 30 seconds Every now and then And it's a working line Light pattern has changed Which means maybe it'll work No, I will find my way to make my light pattern work real I'm just disconnected Hey listen, you know things They've got to take their time Maybe we didn't pay our bell-saw bill Last couple months and they're going to even The shit things that could be in this place Here's a mobile and plantation hello Hey, you know I'm doing Okay sir I just wanted to say I'll tell you I was reading the internet through the day They were talking about an actual post I'll be carrying out They're supposed to be doing this Lottery thing Possibly for the AT show teams coming up Right I'm hoping that God that goes through Because the history of Pocky really belongs in Canada Right And you know the Canadians are losing their high It's in the end over 5 years Much of Canadians wants to $11.8 million last year It's a combination of the exchange rate And I think the fact that If you take a look at the kind of draft that they've been having And they kind of players have been able to acquire I mean it's ruining Canadian hockey That is unbelievable to compete That is correct I mean it's a combination of what you got a lot of small markets They're like Calgary and Edmonton And they can't compete They can't generate the revenue Yeah, I mean small market market teams I could share less about small market Canadian team That means something to me Right You know hockey history So I just want to say good luck to the Canadians And they're an act you feel The French Canadians are better get out there And see your hockey team for great sake And take your easy nanny I'm going to go okay Nobody talked about that game last night The least three in the panthers too Just like I told you And by the way if you're anic parole Remember okay not the radic parole Yannic parole Got some of the letters right but let's get it right Will you fudge back him? Hello What do you wear? Where are you from? Got him sick out? Yes I mean no I'll thank him from here man Or you? Sir, what you just did was sick Yeah Didn't you know you could have made this fall For 50% less just by dialing 1010 per person? I had no idea That's right Just because you're called a scene Doesn't mean your bill has to be With 1010 per person you can make harassing phone calls For a little 10 cents a minute Wow Now I'm really excited 1010 per person It's the number for all your one-handed calling each Oh Oh Just get it Oh Oh Save it for the phone I've read 1010 per person But you want to reach out and touch yourself Man, I believe this calls for you For 14 is 560 WCWM 560 50560 Pond 560 On the AT&T Wireless line don't forget our pizza law Patients which was scheduled for next Tuesday Posted back a week just to make sure those New and veteran improved CDs The ones that are going to be okay will be a done and they will Tuesday October 26 to 8pm at the World Famous Pizza law Here's Miami Hello Hello Miami Yes sir Okay I've got a little bit of a call I'm going to go and talk about the Alabama Lottery And how they had voted that down And there were more or more reasons I was talking about that I don't know if too many people know this But the DPN network this Paul Crouch organization Paul Crouch They've been found Paul Crouch He had put together some type of program To try to influence voters And there's nothing wrong with persuasion And try to get people to vote a certain way But there was a tremendous amount of effort On his part to try to influence those voters in Alabama To vote this thing down This guy I don't know where you feel about him But to me he's a little out control I don't know what we need to do about somebody like Paul Crouch Paul Crouch Paul Crouch, what do you mean what we need to do about it There's nothing you can do about it He hides all of this business to his under the Clocco religion He's a businessman that's how he is And he keeps putting up these low power TV stations All over the day and the world They must have about 6000 TV stations Now all over the world Out of the guy who's spreading the good word And all he is is a businessman He's got a pyramid scandal Right, well you know to me I mean I just raised the wife I grew up in the South and I saw a lot of tent revivals Back in the old 50s and the 60s and stuff And basically to me this is what they are They're just tent revivals who found a void In the 70s and the 80s through cable To attract us a hell of a lot of men a lot more people And bring in a lot more money Right, so I don't know I guess the only thing you can do is basically educate people and turn off the remote And when you see them on TV We're going to be able to understand You can't educate the people that give them money Because most of them are desperate lonely old people Well only old women send them majority of the money to these robbers Well maybe they can't put them in a tournament When they said they're weak and not a people Well exactly that's right I don't know what to do But I mean there is a real There's nothing you can do But you can do it Danger to the two side Of course it's dangerous But there's nothing you can do Because the median is country are terrified Of anything I have to do with religion And they're terrified of somebody like Jess even to Who speaks out and identifies it Calls it what it is And there's nothing you can do Please keep speaking out Right so you just need to keep speaking out about it Hopefully people will get educated And then you start it off You don't understand Those people are not going to get educated They were educated They wouldn't be listening to what the sending this Grabber they're money in a first play Right Right Nobody's going to force you or anybody in Alabama To buy a lottery ticket I know fine because I think it's a real bad That which it is Right If you want to go to a casino in Gamble If you want to buy a lottery ticket If you want to go to the track That's your business Nobody's going to force them to go Well you should have that right It's like the thing with the art museum The Brooklyn Art Museum up there in the New York If people don't want to go and see it They don't have to go and see it Absolutely Right Well I just think people like Paul Crouch I wish there was some way we could stop people like that But I guess it's naive to think That we can stop someone like that It's he has a right I guess to be on the airways And to do whatever he does He doesn't have a right he's a fraud He's operating a business under the name of religion Tax exempt business Well if you have the problem I mean how does he get away with that I can see a church a little lowly church In a rural area of Kentucky getting away with a tax exam situation But this guy is Raking in millions of dollars Literally milk That Robertson Or that Robertson Obviously I mean this guy is What about him Baker before they found they were cooking the Absolutely Failing Phantom condos I am his my grandfather was sending You wouldn't believe the money he sent to the people I mean it was in that grace Well you know and why is that? Is your grandfather some kind of a simpleman? Well he's not necessarily a simpleman I think he's just naive he grew up in a Bible Bell he was conditioned from a very young age To believe these things He is brainwashed Well brainwashed is a good deal Brainwashed is a good way of looking at it But I think he is very very simple People in Alabama I saw this whole thing They showed several segments on it And they are all carrying on the ministers They are holding up the Bible Let me say it again if you don't want to buy a lot of reticots Don't buy it If you feel it's a more if you don't want to go into a topless club Don't go in there But don't deny everybody else the opportunity to go in there It's up to them Well it's like any victimless crime I mean if you don't want to If you don't not a crime You have to get out of the crime The family is a crime And sometimes why Well it shouldn't be If you want to gamble, gamble If you want to go to the house of prostitution Do you are not bothering anyone Why not? I just feel the callcraft is this person I don't know Listen you said it a million times I appreciate the Senate Thank you so much Hand going away sir He isn't going away He's got more money than God If you are part of that Damn God That's a question 567 Oh these people must all be at home Depot I forgot I forgot all about this Rain Well you know if it doesn't rain here Too much down here in South Florida 560560 560 on the AT&T Wireless line I mean sounds very simple to me You do what you want to do Do not harm That's my religion Don't hurt anybody All of these people Whether anti-Cocino gambling And they're anti-the-later And anti-Coup Kims are crap They're anti-Coup and anti-Mirawana I mean anti-Mirawana I mean anti-Mirawana is like John Aboney Ransy And OJ Simpson that's what I'm anti People who do harm to other people People will kill other people And we can't convict most of them We can't find most of them We got people killing infants left and right here It's a new epidemic in this country People killing babies Every day now on the news here Right here, forget about any place else Right here in South Florida Every day we got another horrendous Roastest story And you take a look at these people And right away comes to my mind Two words Four sterilization I keep screaming at the TV Said how could these people They reproducing What do you expect People who are obviously not competent To raise and be responsible for the child You're going to drive a car, you've got to go Take a test, you've got to have a driver's license Of course, if you're in Florida, you're 90 years old Or we knew it in the mail for 10 years They're in Garblas At least in the beginning You've got to show us our proficiency Do you want to own an arsenal of weapons Or make babies No problem with all of VR guests That's okay And then if you don't work out, then the state will take care of them If there's still alive Oh, of course we're concerned about the manatees That washed up on shore And the baby whale Why do they show those stories on the news? I mean, I'm an animal lover But don't we have our parties just a little upside down Oh, yeah, here's, oh, and they're trying desperately to save the life of this poor manatee That washed up on shore and the whales that beat themselves Anytime kids are getting slaughtered And they're left in the right and it's like, oh, we don't care They're good eatin' they understand Oh, are they? Good for school lunch Kids are manatees Oh baby manatees, here's sunny miles, hello In the Ohio, you doing? Okay sir At Flint, Alabama, home of the Clucs plant I'll in place you can buy a beer and a gun And a gas station And they're wearing, and they get dog tricks They're worried about, uh, you want to call it Well, they're worried about you Lottery tickets, evil Yeah, evil Hey, uh, even though the money's going to go to education See, there are fear that if the money goes to education There might be some folks get a little smarter than they are Which isn't saying much, have an IQ larger than their thumbnail Yeah, I lived there for a year, I got deported from Buffalo, Alabama for a year Oh, hey, uh, it's last band band, they're not, I think they're affected from tuber Are they, no Well, they defected, they'd be the number one heroes and south Florida wouldn't they But ain't gonna happen Right, right, one more thing, uh, but you're right If they announced tomorrow that they were defecting, they were gonna stay here All these people that were throwing a rock in the bottles They would surround them and it would be, you know, kissing their feet Like, they're gonna say, they would be those guys, you know what? I, I, I, I rely on a bunch of people, I'm in sales and I rely on a bunch of Cubans Until fill orders for me and things like that Man, I got my faith in the wrong hands, they're killing me The driver, me nuts Yeah, last comment, I think that uh, heroes are a crutch for weak minded people Excellent, and we'll just vote Uh, Jeff Gordon is John and Rien this guy Okay, come out here Okay, there you go, Joe Costello, John Henry's gonna be on the Saturday morning Thought I was gonna be Jeff Gordon Joe, be asking a very important question, are you really, as boring as you look Jeff? Are you really one of those, terminally, uh, personality less people? He really is, he's a real little perfect Jeff Gordon, you'll hear him Here's Hollywood, hello Hello Yes sir The Polar Reg Gamers With the police officers Yes A little suspicious, uh, they taken pictures of the biggest musty girls there And that, uh, apartment complex Oh, you know, you know, some red, you remind of me that do we ever hear any more about that? No, no Of course not Good point No All right, thanks Thank you, thanks for reminding me because I should be asking that every day Because that bull crap, you know, some jackass calls me like two months ago Oh, you wait and see, there's a big internal investigation And when this all comes up, nothing's coming out The only thing that came out was something out of their pants From every goddamn police force all over the day, counting in the scandal It would be so widespread if that hit the goddamn news and channel 7 They'd be hyperventilating and ping all over each other over there It had to be walking around, squeeze each other's bag, there'd be so much But it just all of a sudden vanishes I mean, it was only like, you know, 14 and 16 year old girls, whatever it was Procolution ring Which let me say it again Don't do as we do, do as we say If you guys go out there and pick up a hooker Then they're going to bust your ass, you're going to go straight to jail If you guys happen to have scondred a little bit of that pot that they just got from a whoever they busted and threw their ass in jail And you are happy to be doing a little bit of a resellant some of it You're going to go to jail, but not them Don't do as we do, do as we say That's the American police, F and Way And don't ever forget it Because you live in a police state Here's a mobile and heelsboro, hello Hello Yes sir Hey, you have a satellite, is right? To him Right, if you haven't moved the channels on yours like on corn stars Yeah The last couple weeks They've been running this movie on Liberace's light But they have like two different versions They got one guy playing Liberace And then last night I saw one other version Have you seen the movie about Liberace's light? Well, long, long time ago I would never want to see that again Who wants to see it? Funny though, all you think they're funny? I think what's funny The movie, the guy playing the guy I got the only thing that was funny And a very pathetic way was the fact that all these women Gravitated Jordan, just like they gravitated Richard Simmons I also don't understand that I know that I can never figure that out Well on the one Liberace, you might not see it Maybe because he's all about your flaghags Well they can completely try to downplay On one of the versions of it Like that he was basically just asexual And then he didn't really care about guys And then at the very end they said by the way They had a fact that we're not asexual He wasn't Canada used to tell everybody Hey, I'm really sexual, eh? Hey, right? Anyway, I just wanted to see if you saw that And then, is it true that Hurricane's named after males Have been more destructive than hurricane's named after females? Absolutely. Okay, thank you Yeah, this hurricane, I read it to Real Pussy 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line Rain, wind, don't panic Okay, don't be running into the goddamn store Please, that beg you Just stay calm like me Don't let that Brian Norcross And the Ricky Tickie Sanchez And all these other people, these great robbers Get your all whipped up and high-preventinating in Please, I beg you, don't do it Don't get nervous, don't get jerky, okay? She makes orgasms I think for a play I think We think life is easy Like the seas but we must have knew We swear we'd like to see What these are different Like men They'd be the truth Your eyes We got men We swear in my gaze We look like kids And they'd be the same We think life is a bunch of gurney I know I'm a strange, I always hate And says we got a thing We swear in my gaze I'll be a strange, I'm swear we're older To speak with FQF and D. Yeah, I think it's older They all figured out We're hiding our latent teeth One thing is for sure we gave Me and you We will Watch our world We're the galaxy We've got a goal Don't you feel the obsession We're the galaxy We think that we should stay We think that we should stay I swear we're not gay That's not what I hear I mean Lou Furman You're tall, you're tall, you're tall Pretty 2.560WQF 56050505060 on the AT&T line So what any rate Disappointing failure to lead Lead editorial in the hero That they would read We're baiting on the hero I'm so excited I could squeeze myself 20, 30, 40 times You want to get one call about this? No, no. This is like a turning point This is like a monumental event This is a major happening In the history of this community That the worm has turned That even the almighty hero This finally said about our mayor Pinga, they finally have come out and said These in the assholes Some of those who disrupt public expression Is a cancer It transmits the worst possible message About greater Miami Saying that we lack both tolerance and maturity How do you like that? Oh God Thank you And you see generally speaking Because you know, just like the guy To call me with the yesterday Just tearing me and ass Because I don't say You know, he finds me very interesting And of course he can't shut it off He's very upset over the fact that I tell him I'm on a toilet this is And I knocked this place even on making a lot of money But you know, something the fact is That's a majority opinion People don't have any feeling for this place I heard him talking In the morning, he was showing this morning about You know, no passion for sports There's no passion for anything I tell you that every single day of my life It's true There's no passion Maybe for early bird dinners And freebies That's about it No feeling for this So the fact that this actually happened to you Think, wow, this is like a major of people It'd be like falling all over themselves Squeezing each other And instead Ehh A deafening roar And here like a schmuck Again I'm expecting something Well, what's wrong with me I just, I must be the slowest learner on the face of the earth I must be really, really Ehh Done Not smart like Fredo Dumb Must be an idiot So I come in here in the morning You're expecting this stuff to work in here I mean, you have to be out of your mind to think that Like picking up that internal business full And here, expecting a dial tone They're all going Oh yes, sure Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Can you know what's up? Oh yes sir I don't know, I don't watch a lot of TV I do a news, you'll fast away I kind of read it out of the paper But last night I was watching TV after the baseball game And Did, did, did, did Has anybody mentioned anything about that role? More teenagers attacking that kid Yeah, yeah, why are they talking about that? Why are we seeing that? Are you talking about that again? I haven't heard anybody care Oh, let's meet with you, hold on Give me, let's go No, I can't No, I never want to talk about that Look, I just got through seeing No matter what I'm talking about here Whether it's the Alabama lottery Is gonna put you with hell No matter what it is Whether OJ and the two cops They can pull the right pictures Kissing his ass Whether it's this editorial in the house No matter what it is They got through on agenda We don't give a flying crap About role Martinez We saw it already And if they've got it now They'd like to rob the king thing They've got it blown up And slow-mo and freeze-cream And I still don't care I don't want to see it again Any more than I want to see Those goddamn surveillance films From little to high school A column by a high school Little to the camera I don't want to see him again, Dan Rather, I'd rather pup my guts All over myself and see that again And CBS sells out Become another goddamn tabloid newscast Making that the lead story to that To go, they got it We'll show it to you Well, that's nice Leave those poor kids alone already Leave all those people alone We're not gonna learn a goddamn thing By seeing that other than the fact That the media are a bunch of animals And exploiters with no conscience Maybe that's why this place fits in so well And the media No conscience Where the epitome of it Here's a mobile and for waterdale Hello Daniel Yes sir I got a couple things Something that's right in true about the media For several days They announced they have a store Coming up on the Ranzi case Decision is going to be made The city is saying They're waiting till the city is made And tell us they have to tell us for three days Oh yeah They've got something that's not coming It's the story they came Yes, they see it and was anticipating Something they were going to come down with an indictment Because they said, well, they've been talking so long And they were studying and they're sticking around So they must be on the verge of doing something And did they do something? No No, nothing Exactly Nothing too How can you do something When all the evidence has been contaminated In the cases three years old now Exactly The other thing too You brought up about gambling And the lottery You've been to a Nashville It's so comical there You walk downtown And you've got all these You know Salt book stores Everything like flashing right in front of the street Right, you walk by Sure there's a barren of anything And then you can And a church across the street Exactly You can't buy a lot of these And you can't even even outlawed bingo Right So it's just a joke And one last thing And I'm all that Maybe they got a different attitude Sex is okay Bambling's evil That's it The last thing I want to mention I'm from Cincinnati I don't know if you have a listen to Gary Burbank at all No He did this thing The soul's get the About a year ago He kind of did a parody on hooked on Sonics He called it hooked on Ebonics And he could in front of the classroom He'd say All right, everybody with me now All together now There are 44 sounds And the white man's language 44 And he's hooked on Ebonics You ain't got to use one of the mothers Oh, for example I'm down in his hooked on Ebonics I'm representing in our footage He's saying Just give me an out of oil I'm kill like a vill Got my nine hours spin With an associate due to the game It's a one in his ever one in man Pro-True See With hooked on Ebonics You'll be conversing with the boys And they're hooded no time Just call 1-800-SALSIDE That's 1-800-SALSIDE And get hooked on Ebonics All right Okay, 21-1-1 Before 1-1 At 560 WQM Can that really be possible? Wow 560-50560 on the AT&T line Two Rogers guys Getting a head start in learning Is very important with your child No matter what language your school system recognizes We'll meet after me ACI-O-Q And if your school system endorses black English Then getting that head start means getting hooked on Ebonics Class repeat after me ACI-O-Q Hooked on Ebonics teaches your child the intricacies of his new language Through direct comparison with regular English Just listen Max, you have a cookie Good, now try it in Ebonics So give me the stamp Hooked bits Very good to me Hooked on Ebonics is the Learned Home Language System that will have your bright young preschooler Talking like a violent gang member In just six short weeks You'll learn the double negative I know The excess plural Don't we know that's toy-be-man And the proper way to pose an inquiry Let me actually question Hooked on Ebonics Order today And by the time your child is ready for school Hey, go into no danger He'll be ready to drop out That's our guarantee Hooked on Ebonics He'll stand up on it He's not endorsed by anyone in the right mind While 43 at 5.50 WCM So what is it about three weeks Four weeks now what the disastrous golf tournament all of business And in that period of time When it and of course we had many many spy reports With OJ showing up there That wasn't bad enough But was the worst part all the people going and sucking up to him there And during that four weeks I have yet a no matter how many times have I had yet Other than the one guy who had admitted that he went and got a helmet Side of well on a collector Yeah, you're a collector all right I've yet to find one person willing to take a crack at that Because it's embarrassing isn't it? That because somebody is famous Therefore you suck up to them and follow them around and settle up to them I don't know what is it all about Especially if they're notorious and probably a guy there in murderer And a scumbag See most people don't want to admit that they feel very, very tiny and very meaningless 5.670560 Pound 560 on the AT&T line here's higher, hello Neil have you ever heard of the same That great mind is because ideas And small minds it goes people Yeah, okay chronic Go find a hobby, okay Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach, hello Hey Neil how you doing? Okay sir. I talked to George I think last Friday maybe when you were in there I happened to play in that golf tournament Uh, that OJ was here at a couple weeks ago Yes, I was in Atlanta over the weekend And I don't know if it was AT or one of the wire services picked up the story And I heard something they said something about somebody at your station Eventually got suspended but the question I was going to ask you And then another comment first of all at that tournament For everybody that says there are you know OJ haters and then he's a commission This means that you would have never known that if you could see nobody's shaking it in And what do you get a picture with him? I mean that's what I'm asking, what is that all about? I don't know, I mean it's I don't have an opinion where another but I mean I listen everybody that you talk to They've got something negative to say about OJ But when you see all these businessmen The take good money to be there Standing there waiting in line just to say hi It was kind of funny You thought it was funny Tickling I mean not waiting But also in this story that I've seen in the heard on the radio or TV up there Since I'm about they raised $25,000 but 20 I'm not going to say let me say it again I have to keep doing damage control here Because this place is out of control They didn't raise $25,000 The person who got suspended made that up He went on television standing next to OJ Showing his smiling face and made up a number Oh yeah, we raised 25 grand At the tournament and we raised all I money for centre one And then come to find our way to grand wet centre one We didn't raise any 25 grand They raised maybe I don't know what the number was but it was very small Okay, well anyway And I mean just figure it out Where were the 25 grand of come from There just weren't that many people playing And it didn't cost that much to play No, I think I think it was a buck in a half for person Right So I think there raised maybe $600 for forcing Right I don't know if I don't know if I sold sponsorship or something like that But that was the story that I heard on when I was up in Atlanta Well see anyway This is what happens when you have people with loose lips And the ship sinks That's the way it works I have to go work the home And eventually you'll prevail Damage control man damage control it never ends 560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line I think it's going to be music Thursday if you ask me it looks like it to me There you go Think we have no choice Every now and then you'll be rolling along I mean we've gone for what weeks and weeks and weeks and generally speaking Even last two Mondays Rolling along all of a sudden these lines are ringing people We've got almost something to say And now when you're least expected you hit a brick wall Not one person and even this guy he was out there at the he witnessed it He saw it he saw all these suckles shaking his hand and suck it up to him All these jackasses especially the sports types Oh, he was a great athlete, you know he was a great running back who gives a crap he's a freaking murderer Oh, yeah, but he was a great at the he's been you know of course he had a cell it I cannot deal I cannot cope with that mentality. I can't relate to it. I can't understand it. I'm mortified. I nauseated by it Here's Hylia hello How can you say that this is a police state regarding marijuana and then make a statement like they should have forced their Oization isn't that policing somebody's private park? No, yes, it is no, it's not You're police. You're mama. That's who should have been sterilized chronic 560 pound 560 on the 182. Well, maybe go on smoke a little number okay. I'll lighten up a little bit Come down down here. We got some good Jamaican buddies in this neck of the woods. I can turn down to some good stuff. Yeah, like I said Here's a pig reporting in the West Palm. Hello Hey, you know, I just gotta tell you what's happening to me right now. There's a big huge wreck or something And I'm coming across the boy Blake Boulevard. Yeah, thank you very much I half hour it takes me to go from the ramp you know the end of the ramp to the top of the overpass Where's this? Yeah, what street North Lake in 1995 okay, what's Palm Beach right I get to the end of the ramp There's nobody moving you know six lanes traffic dead stop. Bob I've lost so that's where yeah Don't sell yeah We've got to go you know so I turn around and go down the off ramp are the on ramp To go back because there's nobody coming up it because they got to block off Well, I got a cop now right and you take it to go backwards down as driving the one-way demo thing and I said sir I've been sitting there for a half hour I look up down there's 15 cars behind me They see me get into get their help turnaround all in half and I'm like Lawrence you're gonna make them a thing And he says life you'd only write up one person at a time Yeah, it's this very Dickie lifts or what yeah, it's for and rain you have a half hour stuck you I go a hundred yards and a half hour Yeah, and now they're gonna give me a ticket all by myself But there's you know all these other people drive it up here For getting cops amazing hey, man. Okay, good luck. Okay, man. Don't do it again Here's a very bizarre facts From KP Of two Bubba's I love these facts is especially the ones from people that try to change their name You know like Tracy Foster Neal the reason normal and same people don't care about the heralds editorial section regarding may or penis is those van van The soon is that 99.9% of the heralds readers read sports business in front paid sections first and the local section last or not at all If you want to read the local section turn on TV stations 4 6 10 especially a channel if it bleed to lead 7 Besides name another major metropolitan area newspaper right then headed at the editorial section Which is supposed to be an intelligent commentary on world national and local events very in the back of the paper second section and buried one page after the deaths or bituaries page PS what is it was van van van van van and pebbles That's not the point it isn't a question of whether they read or not in fact if they didn't read it I did a great service the fact is that it's a revolutionary moment A moment of almost clarity another YC of mongering this time And they don't give a crap because they don't care about this town Here's a mobile the navintura hello Yeah, you tell you to me. Yes, sir. It sounds like okay great. You know, I'm from Minnesota originally and Despite the fact I speak Spanish. I speak it fluently. I read it right and I don't know if anybody mentioned them The herald the other day they had a in the in the English speaking part of the heralds They had an article where the president of Venezuela was visiting China and he said since I'm a military man He says I I feel an empathy to the people's army that started in China But in the heralds no evil heralds in the Spanish section Screaming across the front page They say the president the Venezuelan says he's a mow is yeah, Kamalista Kamalista Second part I don't know if anybody mentioned when the van vans were gonna play that That public supermarkets did they mention that they had big articles on the inside of the first section Saying the public supermarket no longer no longer will be selling tickets for tickets Master including the van vans. We will not be selling tickets for them either What does that mean? I don't know It's one if they wanted to appease the the Cuban community by thinking that's going how do you know that? How do you know that? Because they're not selling tickets for the outland and mentioned The van vans. If they're not selling tickets for any of the ticket master as an outland But the They made the decision Okay, have a great day Yeah, they're gonna do that. They're gonna spice themselves. They're gonna shut down all their ticket master outlets and stop selling tickets for all the other concerts Back street boys who everybody else in the world because of Los Bandbed is they making a sense of you no Oh my god Congratulations Jesse this guy was from Minnesota Papa Five say don't come down here and start riff in public. Okay. We love publics 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's member fine. Hello Neil how are you? Okay, sir. You're absolutely right Neil the front run in front He's in this town the collectors and the suppose and sports freaks are following all the wrong examples Instead of following your example I help him people over the years come millithouse and eight center one They go out and they want to get their little autographs and your picture taken with the uh supposed murderers That doesn't have any of those people make me one of vomit. I'm just not just from that You can pick them out. They're right over flags on their cars for crying out loud up and down the street when the team wins When the team wins and say hi, right? It's absolutely ridiculous. Our running phony is absolutely correct You've said it for years and years and years and years you know I wrote by the uh the macarena last But you could have played roller hockey in the park alive, right? It was unbelievable Well, listen to that by that they were playing in Toronto something there was this unbelievable Yeah, typical night. I'm not a hockey guy A little late in Toronto the next time I see O.J. out there drinking his cold 45 on the corner I'm gonna be squeezing the trigger all mad. Okay. See you. Yeah What's wrong with you people? How come that in the parking lot was empty is a macarena last night You phony sports fans you don't support your panthers at all So what if the game was at the air can't at the center in Toronto? Don't you think this guy had a good point? No come on then you have a good point. No yes He did you front running phony bans is parking lot empty panther game last night Panthers in Toronto pretty good game leaves went three to two by the way and you people were you zero last night at the macarena? No god damn Pony there were no hockey fans in this town he drove by there and he took a looking said you know something needle is right there Our no hockey fancier. There is a goddamn car parked out here Nobody empty zippity do da and they're playing right now Right the middle of the game there was nobody there Even the players cars weren't there What does that tell you Stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop that's it That's what I've been doing 22 years here listen at the old friend That's all I Yeah 567 560 I think I'm losing my mind today. I really do I It's a miracle I've kept any semblance of a dislaw I mean it's one thing to make your point and I don't disagree with you sure I mean obviously these people are dead in door nails. They're like the walking dead, but To condemn people for not going to a sporting event that was held 1200 miles away in another country last night I think might be a little bit unfair Just go over to you. I just a little teeny tiny bit Huh Prop 56 at Q a n this is 560 Q a yeah, oh boy. It's the one to two hours She can With limited She's with the cork girl that means welcome under covers with style she's the truth lonely so make a person no shed mess the heart or your visa she'll call up your wife if you can't say her thing she'll write mail to blind but she's always the cork girl to me oh, I'll help you got the cash she will lay the few walls you'll be the still her life oh, you'll see her with her when you lonely one in but she's watching the time she can kill all the prisons with candid affection as if they're trying to use your mind for the reaction while your son fades and tabloids she's on her shopping screen label her first class of her but that sounds like the call girl to me the guy rollned was like well the new of a summer in Alabama some newspapers the news like the mobile daily new or whatever. And it's not going to read only a couple of short paragraphs, but it's an article saying no to the lottery not enough. Written by James L. Evans passed your cross creek. Cross Creek, Baptist Church in Pellum, Alabama. He must be watching too much guiding light name in it, cross Creek. Hope we're even on show up at that church. And also serves as director of the Interfaith Alliance of Alabama, he wrote this for the news. On October 12th, he writes thousands of Christians from across the state will vote, no, on the lottery referendum, and they did. They will do this because they're convinced they state supported lottery is gambling, and they believe gambling is a sin. This is where any goes on on on Jesus to this, and this one of them, he said, this is where the Christian community is on to something. Both the Hebrew Bible and the New Testament revealed dramatically that the poor received special attention from God. The weak and powerless are not to be victimized by the rich and the powerful. There is a persistent call for justice throughout the Bible. A state supported lottery is inherently unjust to the poor, and at the end he says, gambling is a means for public funding, for funding public projects can only travel to society that is willing to sacrifice its poor. As people of faith, as people believe that moral truth is revealed in scripture, we cannot stand idly by and allow powerful forces to victimize the weakest and most vulnerable in our midst. We must say, no, to any political agreement, whether it's gambling or regressive or tax structure that profits by some in publishing others. How do you like that logic? They got dog tracks up there and all they have. They got gambling. But the lottery is going to be impoverished to poor folks who just don't know any better. Even though the money was specifically your mark for education and they had promised to do a much better job of doing it and make sure the money went through unless you're in Florida, we're going to go to those words going. You see what the so-called Christians don't understand. And they're agenda, they don't want to understand this because they don't care about what I think of anybody else things. They want to run the country. They want to make it a Christian country. Total intolerance for any other view. So what they want to do is have the country become what they want it to be. Whatever they think you can do, read, see, listen to, watch, touch. That's what you can do. Not just good enough for them. This is how intolerant they are. Not just good enough for them and those stupid enough to believe their bullcraft, but all the rest of us are supposed to do the same. Even though we have nothing to do with them, even though we may not interact with them, we're not going to harm them, we're not going to live next to them by them a turkey sandwich. Do anything with them. That's still not good enough because they're intolerant assholes who want to impose their view of what they term morality on everybody else on what entire society. They want to take away your choices and your freedoms. Whether what's a woman's right to choose on abortion, no matter what it is, you pick the issue. They want to take those freedoms away because they're going to make you live the Christian way with the elected or not. They're going to drag you kicking and screaming into Christianity. What do you want to join or not? Which of course Christianity is famous for doing that all throughout the ages? You don't want to join? How do I think? Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I keep saying you talk about O.J. and I was wondering, if you was a white guy that killed two people, well, you suspected me to talk about John and Teddy Ramsey. Would you keep talking about the Ramsey today? Are they white? Are they white? Are they white? I don't think you, yeah, you're a jackass, you're a professional spook is what you are, sir. I have no respect for people like you because you don't want to have a conversation. Maybe you're too stupid to understand the words, sir. Right there, I talked about it at length. John and Patty Ramsey, they murdering white people. White, white is a fallen snow. Rich white people. I did not say that when you're rich, whether you're rich in black, like O.J. or Rich in white, like the Ramsey, you can get away with murder and it looks like they both did. And then I say that today, yes, I did, but you don't want to listen to that because you got a professional dark chip on your shoulder. In addition to which there were no white murderers that were brought in here that I know of, that were forced in on our golf tournament, forced into this community, and forced it on his radio station, causing us great shame and embarrassment in humiliation. Sir. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line, pepper client, hello. Hey, how are you? Okay, sir. I just want to call in and reference to that, uh, doom that called in earlier about publics and, uh, tickets. Yeah, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, have their own call. You're beautiful, show them, put down publics. We saw, uh, I'm going to pull you a publics and we've done a little bit. We've done a little bit. I'm God Dan there of that, Jack. Can you believe me? He's a carpet bagger from Minnesota. I've already said just even to her, I probably shipped him out. Right. The things that talk about, he's got to call him put down ticket master and publics. Right. They've been out for a while, long before I moved my phone. He's right. He tried to suggest that the publics was pandering to Cubans because, uh, you know, they cut out ticket master. One had nothing to do with the other. Exactly. And they were out way before this band even thought about. But like I said, talk is cheap. Just like the guy who tells us, he's very embarrassed that there were no fans of the, arena last night for the Panther game, even though, of course, anybody with a brain knows the game was played in Toronto. It was. Yes, sir. All right. You'll have to all want to see and have a great day. You too. And God bless publics. You got it. All right. Bye. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. Absolutely. Please, you gentlemen. This is Rainbow Foreign. Bye. Oh, you. John, Rainbow Silver Live. I want to make movies for it's five. My life ain't going great. The Hollywood broke unfortunately. I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why I heard my penis and it never ever grew. Rambo 2 was an 85 late. And Red Moth 3 was an 88. Shoe is. And 2 is. My God. I did not make this movie with my son. And then he said, he was in Rocky 5 and daylight. It's all a movie. A little bit of cash. He's what I mean. I got a good one from the cloud of creed. I got a habit of looking movies or Broadway show like that. I mean, I get no idea. But stop the pain. It was still good. I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is gentlemen. I'm going to make Rambo foreign. Bye. So, call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. Delight comedy. Action. Adventure. And drama. The deal with the guy will not do his MCX for the llama. So give me a break for goodness sake. I used to get over and I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one man selling pork capsi. Basically I'm going on a point. I'm going to get a one from the cloud of creed. I'm going to have a nine-minute movie or Broadway show like that. I mean, I get so much more money ever so I can't blame. It was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is campus living. Let's fly ladies and gentlemen. I need to make Rambo foreign. Oh, my God. I've got no news. One 15 to five 60 WCM. So for that dark, complexed, very angry collar before who refused to have a conversation and one listen, you know, the real question is, well, not what I'll be talking about OJ. If he weren't black, the question is, would you be talking about OJ if he were white? Would you be calling in here? Have an nervous breakdown because I'm talking about OJ. You couldn't give a crap less if OJ was white. See, I happen to be an equal opportunity, Bashar. If it's a murderer who's white like John Ramsey and his wife, I'll bash the hell out of it. If it's OJ who's black, I don't give a crap because when somebody kills you, it doesn't make any difference what the color of their skin was. I know that comes as a great shock to you, but the work. I have never had one black person in all the time that all the years now, it's five years with the OJ business. Never had one person calling say, oh, gee, you're saying terrible things about Ted Monday or David Berkowitz or Charles Manson or any of these people Jeffrey Dahmer or the Ramsey's. Never. Not once. In fact, I never had any white people calling say that. So who's the racist sir? Who's the moment of big fat dark chip on his shoulder? Looking to make excuses for a miserable scum that murdering scum bag. Don't leave out the adjective. Here's a water hill, hello. Yes sir. I didn't realize that while you're on hold to can hear you, and I'm sitting at work, crackin up left and you and people are looking at me. Anyway, I was watching television the other night last week. I just was wondering if you saw it. They were talking. They went to a few in that guy down on that kid down on Miami. They called him there. He was going into a vote on something. And the reporters asked him, is it opinion on it? And what he wanted to say was, well, I can't answer that question. I'd be tipping my hand. And he said, like can't answer that question. I'd be tipping my hat. Yeah, I might come back up. I can't act up a little bit. I don't know when the piece of it. Yeah, but you're forgetting what you have been. That's all I got. He said, keep that in mind. He went to you with him. Okay. He's a hurricane. And you know what they say you have been? Eeeeh. 560, 560, 560. I mean, that's to me. Even just learning that from the senator on the first sentence. Surely county mayor Alex Pena, the University of Miami Law School graduate knows that he's outside the bounds and asking the West State Department to deny visas for uncorperformance of those van band and pebbles. How do you like that? Right in the first sentence. And then later on, I say, because I want to say it again and again, siding with those who disrupt public expression is a cancer. That from the hair of today. We've made a major goddamn unexpected unbelievable breakthrough. And you people are like, eeeeh. Like that. But you're goddamn gloatious on and you're on brellis. We're at about a year off. You feed a rain. I thought that most people that was their goal in life to get wet. What's wrong with a little bit of a, or of Wayne? Maybe that's why nobody wanted to go to your ringer last night. You know, too much Wayne is a bad thing. I mean, that was one of the great calls of all time. I mean, the guy was on a roll. He's going on the people here. Sock that is. And then he's bitching him out. That's there's so a different. There was, there were no cars there if you're reenolized back. The panther game was in Toronto, US. Another hockey fan. Another expert. Well, I was thought they'd hung out in the park and log just to get soak up the atmosphere. So the panthers would know up there. They had that support. It's not the way it worked. Eeeeh. We love you. Panthers. That's what we should do every time the panthers play out a ton. We'll all drive into the parking lot there. It will all be rolled on a window and go. We love you. Panthers. That's what we should do every time the panthers play out a ton. We love you. Panthers. That's what we're going to do that. No. It's wrong with you. Here's Miami. Hello. Uh-huh. Five years ago, he will never ever again in a million years beyond the air. Terminal boring. That's the number that we want badly, by the way. That was at a mobile phone. Oh. Oh, it's always at a mobile just to make sure. Well, I won't be on the air again. Jackass. Just pathetic. No material. No life. Part of that little grab ass plan. Here's Miami. Hello. How are you doing there? Okay, sir. Um, I'm a young African American club. About OJ. Who? About OJ. Oh, yeah. And basically this is what I want to get my opinion on. Oh, man. I, um, first of all, I'm not an OJ fan. Yeah. I really don't like the fact that he turned his back on when African American himself was a majority of his life. Up until he became got in trouble. He was got into the murder driver in all of a sudden. And once he once he got out, now he's back with his wife, friends again. Okay. But this is what I will say. Because he's someone that I can relate to as far as that looks similar to what I look like. I was happy to see him use the system to his advantage, the same way other people had in the past of different races. And because he had money and because he was and good attorney. Because he looks because he looks like you. Yeah. So in other words, if there's somebody who's a murder and a scumbag and a drug addict and a wife Peter, but they happen to look like you, then you're glad to see him get off. I'm all I'm saying, you know, he is. No, I asked your question. You know that he's all of those things. Just because he's just looked like just because he looks like me. I'm very kind off. No, that's not what you just said. What I'm saying, Neil, is in the past other races of people have used the system to their advantage when they would give him perhaps. And I'm just glad to see that. So I'm going on the other way. See, this is that dumb business again. In other words, because white folks have got off before because they had a lot of money. Now we can get one of our people off. Don't you want to see people of our murderers pay for it? Yes, I do, but is that. Fine. Realistic. Is that okay? It's unrealistic. Thank you. You know something. I'm going to start bringing a pukepag to work. Every time I get on the airline, I'm going to because I never, you know, never had a chance to use one hope I never do one of those pukepags that put in the scene. I'm going to start taking them. Put them in my suitcase. Stock up on pukepag. I'm going to tell you there are so many of you people out there. That's why they show us so great. Because it gives the opportunity to listen. There is the ones who are passing, sitting back and listening to this. To understand really what this world is all about and what this country is all about. You're thinking is so unacceptable. Don't you understand that you can because he looks like you. Even though he was an occult time, even though he wanted nothing to do with black folks, even though he lived in Brentwood with his white wife. And even though once he used black people to play the race cards with his buddy Johnny Cochring and those two lawyers of his. And that old drunk watch his name, see Bailey. Want to hear what that is right back to the white chicks again. And by the way, his payroll career will black. No, I don't think so. I would ask you a sand black, but I better not. I don't want to insult our black friends. Here's what a lot of deal. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I think this two of all took with a little coke for Pedro Guerrero to steal my girlfriend the way for me. Listen, I'm just having balls out there. You know, it's just been honest. Listen, some outrageous. I got to tell you about it. I go to get heat season tickets a few weeks ago, right? I go up to their office and the same. Oh, I don't want to go look at what seats were available. Yeah. They only had a few seats. Listen to this scam. They only had a few seats available that were really good between the net. The only way you can get lower ball seats in between the net is if you contribute a certain amount of money towards the deposit for WNBA tickets. Now, they know that the people that they, those people weren't going to use the WNBA tickets. And they even said, we'll donate it to a charity for you. Right. That's the scam that they use. Oh, yeah. They didn't take it. They didn't take it. They never got a self-finding house. They didn't take it. They had $15,000. They had where people putting down deposits to get good heat seats. And they're going to donate it to charity. And they're not going to have anybody at those days. Right. So that's the scam to get these in heat seats. You got to pay them a $5,000 premium for WNBA seats that nobody wants. The word is no desperate. Now I did it anyway. Okay. You'll have a lot of elbow room. Good luck. Oh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here. Here's my bank book. Here's my check book. Here's my bank account. Here's all my investment accounts. Just take it. Here you go. Just take it. How come I can't find a few people like that? And of course now that the Arizona State, you know, is going to get raped at the 5.5 billion they head over there in Israel. And Daddy died too soon. Oh. We're going to have to pay like maybe up to 55% in the state taxes. You better go out and buy your heat tickets because Mickey's time's going to be tough. So only got a few billion left. Here's my me lakes. Hello. Hello, you? Yeah. I want to know the rugby. Let's go to a lady in where she's in Marguer. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah. Being down here in Florida for only four years. I'm still not used to. It seems like I'm in a foreign country. Uh-huh. But you know what. I really don't like about these foreign people, whether they're both people or whatever. They come here to this country. And you know, they're only concerned as for back home. And they vote accordingly. So they don't give a damn what happens. Attacking in this country. Yeah. So. And. Well, that's why we have. Mayors that are Corroyo and so forth. Well, so what's stopping everybody else? What's holding everybody else back? Well, I care. I notice when they want to input to impose that extra penny sales tax for this, uh, pines sky transportation, uh, bull crap. I noticed that a lot of other people got out including, uh, anglo's and black people and all kinds of people came out and voted no. Well, you're right about that, but you know, why don't they just show a little gratefulness? Because they don't have it. And stop complaining. Don't have it. All they do is complain. They don't have it. Okay. I, yeah. I understand. You're not going to get a cheap bag. You're, you're, you're, you're my, the guy that called her. I mean, you're, I know you're intentions are good. But you remind me of the guy that called me for about Paul Crotch and Paul Jan and Paul Crotch. I'm trying to be broadcasting in their phony religious network. And what are we going to do about it? There's nothing we're going to do about it. Well, I try. I talk to the politicians. You're actually harder to get them to white house. Right. I call the white house. And their number is easier to get them. I try. I talk to the politicians. Call their offices and write. Right. Mark. And I'll put maybe a few bucks in the envelope to a can't hurt. Have a great day, sir. All right. Bye bye. She's trying. She means well. Thank God we've got a few people there who mean well and God, damn it. Let's all meet at the McAureen. There's no game going out right now. But let's meet there anyway. We love those pastors. We really mean it. We really mean it. Do we really mean it? No. We're just we do we mean it. We feel it. We got the passion, baby. We feel it. Oh, God. God. God. God. God. That sounds so good. Does it? Huh? He doesn't. How about? Yes. I'm feeling so. Yeah. That's better. You'll McColl. I don't want to work with you. You can get someone over here now to treat you five Brett McRain, see you back. Please. You little. What are they doing if you're running here? Hey. They're what you're not. Who's your mad woman? Where are you just harassing her? You're gonna care if I'm in the middle of the basket. I'm feeling so. Did you just say I'm alive, but we can know what's going on so the police can get there. Okay? Who's your god? No. That's not the cloud. That's okay. If you come to say I need to share what's calling on the line. You know how to say? Is he going? Yes. Okay. If he has even drinking? It's not whether you win or lose. It's out from your kiss. 131 at 560 WQM. Tomorrow we're going to be talking to gay people per staff about the mystery that is every domer. 560, 560. And then we're going to be talking about the mystery that is 10 Monday white people on Monday. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. I need all of us to jump back in the conversation about the guy who showed up, who was a complaining that no one in the San Francisco. We were in the last minute. Yes, sir. It was pretty empty. And that parking lot, God damn it. Well, you know, if he's such a damn fan, why the whole wasn't either? Right. Good. Well, he would draw over there. He probably would have best of intentions. But he didn't want to be the odd man out so to speak. Yeah. Love me. But if he's so adamant about supporting soccer, you know, and he's in the feet. Why? It's not to be a true fan. I mean, soccer, right? I'm sorry, hockey. That's just to be a true. If you profess it, and you can tell on the big fan. Right. If you profess it to be a true fan, then why wasn't he? And how many was in San Francisco to pick it off and try to buy his ticket? That's right. Maybe he was. You know, let's be poor. Think of it. Okay, sir. I'll talk to you. By the way, by the way, you know, I want to make a movement here. I think a lot of us South Florida should get ready to move down to Cuba. We'll see you, but we'll soon because we'll have less Cubans there than here. Okay. We'll pack you sandwich. Good luck to you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. No, he won't have less Cubans a day than here, but he will have less aggressive Cuban death. Oh, well, look at all. They've been well trained. Neo, I've been a lieutenant to you since you were in the O.S. C.K.T. 2017. C.K.T. What's that? It's the big cat. A-80. K-80. He's very well. What do you want? He's right here or there. Yeah, I'll see. Listen, and this call, a few co-facts. This man, they say that he was happy that Hojai beat the system. He's one of the most likely. It's one of the greatest co-everage to show the kind of people that live in this community, as a family. Smart Minnesota business community. I mean, there are a lot of black people all here. You remember, after the verdict, they were doing the black power thing, and they were joking and driving in high five. And all that. Because we beat the system. You know, it's art, you know, to get the world. The verdict was the way it was because part of the jury, unfortunately. Most of the was black. I'm quite liberal. So I really have absolutely nothing against any ethnic group in the world. The radio member report. Radio, man. Radio, man. Radio, man. Radio, man. In a program, an annual clock, called thing, Caliente. I mean, very hot. In which the three people that participated by the one in 74, the other one in 76, and the other statement is 81. The, the start of the show, the second start of the show, who's think the marguer, that's his name, said that he would have wished that somebody had blown up the arena with the people inside. Isn't that nice? It's a reporter in the here. And like I've said before, if we go on here and say something like that, if some incendiary comment like that, the FCC is going to come down on our ass in two seconds. Well, I have contacted the FCC. Well, yes, and they don't know. Oh, and then we don't get any of these. The answer is we don't have personnel that speaks Spanish. And we're all in really care about frequently interference. In other words, not the one station, not to get a job. Well, if that's the case, how come they care so much if I say crap on his station, when you're working family association or some other Jack Ball, right, you know, complete to the FCC, how can they try to find us for that? Well, because they would say they just speak English and they speak English. Oh, and that's not a mistake. And today, the director of the station, officially said that his event van return in December, they will not obey the police orders, which by the way, they change for the event of Saturday. The Miami police is a professional force. And they had a plan to keep the demonstrators at a reasonable distance from the entrance to the event and the politicians and the civic leaders of the views of fortunately community. First, them to change their hours there. And we had a walk through a narrow path in which on both sides, there were these people insulting us, which every, the language you're, I mean, you can repeat it. Right. Troy knows that things insulting us in and out of the place. And now, even that is not going to be enough, officially announced that they are not going to respect the police barri. Yeah, well, guess what? Not that the a herald is turned on Mayor Pinga, they've all of a sudden gone after him today. They're really interesting to see what that little weasel does in the, what two niecing in the moral correction may have been get the correct. Absolutely correct. Okay, my friend. Hosticanio Vetus. I'll read it over. I'll read it out. 560, 560, pound 560, the see, we got these subversive guy, they have lunatics on Spanish language radio in this town with their 90 year old listeners. And do an all kinds of unacceptable illegal and grotesque things irresponsible. And the FCC says, oh, no, I'll let's find you all a key. Oh, that's great. That's wonderful. And that's one of the main reasons that the crap goes on this town year after year and year. It just never stops. And then that's the only reason that those old parts are listening because they whisper and you're at a shout in the ears, exactly like a parrot, you know, the same crap over and over again that they want to hear. Margate, hello. Margate. Oh, Margate, how are you doing here? All right. Hey, I've been listening to your show for about two weeks now and I must agree with you that you are equal, opportune to bash. All right. You and I've been driving everybody. All right. I agree with you about everything you say about O.J. I don't have a problem with that. That's what was up to me. We've been answering from the race. But my question to you is this, who has the most money to deal with the case? O.J. I have a state of California. Who has the most money to deal with it? Well, I'm saying, I'm just wondering how when they put together when they put together the, the first team of parliament. But it's not just a question of who had the most money. It's a question of the skill attorneys that he was able to hire as opposed to these schmucks that they put in their Marcia Clark and Chris Darden who couldn't, you know, convicted graphic cardamom right in the act. That was my question. He didn't California have enough money to get together their own dream team. Well, they didn't do it. That's what I'm saying. So the fault. And in addition to which there's no, that just doesn't exist. And the prosecutor's office is you're not going to find those. The people that worked there make a fraction of what the Bob Shapiro is in John and Conquins make. They're not multi-millionaires. Right. Until after the couple is over, then they all went on television and wrote books. But even in the truth, as so many people that were entered a prosecution had no experience in a case. They were pathetic, at best. And the worst, of course, was Marcia Clark and letting him put those a black woman on the jury. They hated, they hated her like poisoned. They were calling her every name in the book. And she thought that they were going to be sympathetic to the call. But I say wanted to get, oh, Jay, what? Could they put together all start seeing you take him out? I mean, that was my question. Inept. Inept. Yeah, I hear you, never. Same re-footed. John and Patti Ramsey are walking around for you today. Yeah, I think they'll never get them. But John, unless you know you have some, some, they're both black listening on your side. All right. You know what I'm saying? Yes, I do. It's nice listening to you, man. I'll be listening to you in the future. And I'll be seeing you. Okay. Fine. 560, 50560, on the 18 to 20. Yeah, why didn't we have the dream prosecution team because they don't come up with those kind of, they don't pay those kind of people that money. That's why they have slippers like Marcia Clark. And I've freaking the Chris Darden. Oh, yeah. He was, he was a real one. Even at a bad haircut, I don't give a shit anymore. Yeah, well, that's obvious. Taurus, I think, though. Hello, this is my doll. You know, a few years ago, I had to prostate surgery. Initially, I was very simply about recovering. And I began to worry about the post operative side effects like erectile dysfunction. The ED sometimes known as impotence. Also referred to as whiskey weiner. Leg of lamp, soft serve, bounce Harris girl, wildly wily, flascent flagpole, head and south. Spaghetti syndrome went fiscuit, you know, banged on the witch's dead. But there is help. He needs to see a doctor with a little courage and a proper treatment. He can help you achieve an erection sometimes known as a boner. Often referred to as a sippy hard time. The rock is granted gumdrop, concrete, crawler, rollercoasters, a jubby, pitching the tanner, being harder than Chinese algebra. And when you do get help, there's no reason to be ashamed. Because there's now hope, the men and their partners. Hope that they'll soon be able to have intercourse. Sometimes known as sex, often referred to as the hunky dance. Fuffin ugly, hide in the salami, squittin the uprights. The dude's take muggy, get in the salamiya, imagine that. You know, take a trip to the mound. So remember, it's a little embarrassing to talk about, but with a little courage and a few creative you can leave behind the soft rock, get yourself some hard salami, ride the baloney pony into a bright new future. I'm Bob Dell. Thank you. 145 at 5.60WQ. I'm there all whipped up about this role of Martinez in this supposedly skinny kid. I don't care what house skinny he was. I say, let's hear it for role of Martinez is what I say. Okay, beat us. Beat us. Not out of them. Every time we have another one of these incidents, including by the way last Saturday, a bunch of these punky kids, punky punks come out, hoods, and they decide, oh, this is me, good to have everyone have some fun. Crapped this servers. That's what they are. Professional crapped this servers. It's like after there's a riot, and they start with a looting and all like pull crab. Got nothing to do with any political statement. Got to do with being a scumbag. That's what it has to do with. And so a bunch of these young punk scumbags come out there. Oh, let's have a good time. We're going to start making a mess out here. Can you imagine Mayor Pinky and eat that? Whatever hell his name is? Can you imagine him going out there? He'd have to find somebody real small and skinny. Start flailing away. Yeah. What is limp wrist? Oh, you better get away from here now. Get away from here. Yeah. You know who you have out there with him? Yeah. All mayor is a fight. It's a fight Mr. Mayor. It's a fight. They could squirt in the gather I think. And the tears too. Here's Conlarade, Jellau. Yeah, this is a kind of real call in the long list. You know, I was listening to Pedro Carrera father that called in a couple of months ago. Talked about either white leather. He can't even speak English that way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's going to get all old gay men. When the kids come over here with a shady trying to kill a coast guard. They try to reach to the coast and deal with trying to kill a coast guard. What a great day that can you speak English that good. You know, okay. Well, I'm good. So all thank you for your vote. But that's my personal opinion. Okay. All right, Neil. And get me the phone. Okay. What's your sense in it about Pedro? I've a lot of peed rows running around there like that. Five six seven, five sixty,<|th|> five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Understand what he said? No. Oh. Here's a lady in candle. Hello. Yes, man. The answer that guy before about where California didn't hire their own dream team. Governments don't hire outside there. Right. They're off to it. Of course not. That's the answer. First of all, it would look like they don't have confidence in our own people. So they'll do that. Secondly, the road is, and I called, is you take you got problems. Guess where my public is? The crossings. Oh, my, oh my God. Oh my God. That's where my record is. Oh my God. Are you sure you're in the police? Oh my God. Yeah. I lived on just just east of there. And I've got to go there now. What do I do if I see him? Oh my God. Go get an autograph. I don't know. I don't send you the picture. Not. Yeah. I take your, take your Polaroids. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. That thing about the two cops. They were just pathetic. The giddy officers, the giddy officers, returned to the Hammock station. They were giddy. Rimes with the, you know, rhymes with giddy, don't you? Yeah. That's you. And so off their pictures. They were flashing and they were showing them. And the pictures do. Which suddenly disappeared by the way after this whole mess came down. And there are no words. I mean, you know, if you want to do it, it's up to you. But I'm just telling you where I'm coming from. There are no words sufficient to describe the revolting. I feel for people who suck up to scumbags. Because the way I look at it, if you suck up to a scumbag, you're just as bad as they are. Because what you're saying is, this is my value system. You're a murdering scumbag, no good load down. Why feeding son of a bitch? And guess what? I admire you. And I want you to embrace me as a human being. And make me feel like I mean something. That's the way I look at it. And I only wish. I only wish because I never really pursued it because we had so much other crap. I'm all the fur flying from that guy then golf tournament. And all the fallout in the damage control, which still hasn't stopped. But I sure as hell would like to find out the names of the sales holes down there on a second floor. There were there that day at Lago Mar, sucking O.J.s. I mean, we know that. But they're because he's the one that along with Sam Brottom in here. In spite of us making very clear, we didn't want any part of him. And he was not to be there. He was uninvited, specifically uninvited. There wasn't anybody else in the world that was mentioned. But he was specifically uninvited for obvious reasons. But I would, I'd love to find out which of the assholes down there. Because it's a sports club down there you realize. So, you know, naturally there were there sucking up and looking for autographs and shaking hand. Oh my gosh, they probably have some of those guys probably haven't lost their hand since.