Any case, the сay. Sports Radio 560 WT plm Labrador︲ Screen. Battle 42561 Yes! Colors, or anyone else on the show don't necessarily reflect those of WT plm-b weekly chat-places or the upp likelihood-列cer now The Neo Rogers on Sports Radio 565QA and... Quite a youth-press-field. Get off your duck, get off your duck. I took the post of the e-founder. They say the future be sad, so me. Now I can't get no job. Cause I have to catch no leads or a speed. I have to talk in like an old Negro. You can't predict how this way. Now I can't do nothing. But the heritage says that okay. Change my name to shoot flow. Try to do send a code of any kind of life. Power of info when I was stealing. Hold the white pants, cause hanging outside. The bell to the bell to the bell. Ground the blue, sound bar to the teeth. Why deals got no job, holy in time. Facts. Sorry, remix, if my not the chance. Now I can't pass it. Got to go in cell, low track, low change. Practicing, track, low change. Practicing, track, low change. Practicing, track, low change. Practicing, track, low change. Loady with a bar in the song. Keep on explaining the sound funny. Got nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make mold money. They have a fool sound good to me. I got plenty of nothing. Keep on agreeing to meet anywhere. Maybe I'll muggle old white bitch. Steel of thirst and full of hair. Then I go and take some money. I'm very old and afraid you're there. I remember when I was stealing all the white pants, cause hanging outside. The bell to the bell to the bell. Ground the blue, sound bar to the teeth. Why deal with got no job, holy in time. So the panic would get my not the chance now. Got to go into the old track, okay. Practicing, track, low change. Practicing, track, low change. Practicing, track, low change. Practicing, track, low change. Hello. I'm your boss. My boss is a jerk, of course. The boss seems like I'm back a lot. He's packed and bald and he's a door for a wish that he dropped in. He goes, yeah, can he act full of tizzacly face turns around. And I bet when he was a jerk, his not an joke him on his hand. My boss is under to hurt you first. He's got all the rid of a hum, and he's hurt. You've never heard of a talking, you're? What's all this second in here? Well listen to this. Get off your stuff. Okay, 10 or 4 at 5 60 WQMHS is astonishing to me. I'm telling you, I feel like a little kid back in the kindergarten. You know, in a playground sitting in the sandbox with a pale and a shovel. Making all those gutterle sounds like, yeah, that's how I feel. Listening to all this crap. And of course, the one thing about the morning show, you know, all like blends in together because the audience is perfect. Juvenile, immature, hysterical. I mean, that audience on the morning show on the worst team is the most amazing audience I ever heard in my life. But at least it was entertaining. I actually was able to avoid popping at CD on the way to work this morning until. Because I was listening to all this bull crap and that's what most of it was about, you know, Joe Rose and Buff and it's in back and forth. And then some asshole from New York has to spoil a whole thing. I wanted to talk about the next and bingo. There goes that CD right in the guy damn thing. Because that was entertaining. And there's a good message for all you people in programming. Not to mention a names. What the hell was that? Oh, it's supposed to be. Get off your dog, I was post. But at any rate, maybe he's on the phone again, give you instructions. See, that's bad. That's where he like totally lost it. See, I kind of like waffled on this whole thing with a Joe Rose suspension. In the beginning, I thought it was like clear cut. And then I thought, wow, you know, who knows? And now I'm going to start getting like default. I'm waffling. I'm all over the place. All over the road. That was another thing that was really amusing this morning. Here's default. And they're talking about bluff waffling on the phone for it. Which he had no business calling in. He told me yesterday said, well, they're going to discuss it tomorrow. They couldn't say whatever they want. Okay, fine. So leave it alone already. Okay. Don't keep calling every 20 minutes. Oh, wow, you shouldn't be talking about this. So not to call it. Why not? It's great. It sure beats. Hey, we wanted to talk about the nukes. It sure beats that first call on Hank show yesterday. Talk about a degenerate gambler who wants to know about the pictures for the hurricane Zanella Bama at the Carl, and I'm driving home and I'm thinking, oh, no, this can't be what I think it is this call. Because this isn't like some college age hurricane fan. This is like some adult that they threw out on New York. And sure enough, well, you know, the line is 1.70 or, well, oh, no. Even the Humphor couldn't believe that this guy. That thing on college baseball. Well, there's nothing else going on this afternoon. I have some action. I'm going to listen to the game. Gotta have some action. I like action too, but that's not exactly what I have in mind most of the time. God, pathetic. But at any rate, it's, it makes for a great radio. This is what, and like I started to say, this is what they should understand. Nobody wants to hear about the crappy nicks or about that horrible hockey game on Margarita Ice last time. And nobody wants to hear that. They want to hear about everybody have it a brawl about how, you know, Joe and the bluff were trying to punch out each other's lights in the hallway. That's your Rosen Joe Costello. Now, see, there's a better match. Show Costello and bluff. Okay, because Joe Rose is about what 7 for 3 and 2.55 with a head that weighs about 200 pounds. That's not a good match. But as usual, the morning crowd calling in, they have no idea what they're talking about. And also was usual on the only one on this radio station who tells it like it is. The issue isn't only whether Joe Rose told the bluff Lindsey our program directed to F off. That's obviously a big part of the issue and somebody ain't no one's got fired for that, which I'll tell you in a minute who that was by the way. Hey, stop it. But nevertheless, the real issue is there's nobody here who disagrees that there's too many goddamn spots that that format blows in the morning. I talked about it when I was still working over an eye. Oh, the. About what a bomb that was there in the morning with that format. How could anybody on AM radio whoever heard a such a format with 45 minute commercial breaks? Nobody disagrees on that. But if you're going to get started screaming and yelling at somebody and I love the one guy even wrote it down. I just, oh, we want to thank Joe Rose for going to bat for the audience. You see what a bunch of sucklings they got on that morning show that audience? Yeah, these are the same guys that run around with their hurricane jerseys on. You know, like in public, if we go to Roots Chris for dinner, somebody else was buying with like a hurricane jerseys or dolphins out for them and a baseball cap on backward. Oh, my God, give me a break. If Joe Rose wanted to go to bat for the audience about that format, why wouldn't you go to somebody you can do something about it? Not the program director has got nothing to do with sales in this company. I told you that yesterday and don't tell me the morning audience doesn't listen to the show because every goddamn one of you are listening right now. You're in a closet. Okay. God. Going to bat for the audience my fat ass. So not only did he open up a big mouth and put on a just a psychotic historical routine that was totally unacceptable that most people anywhere were get fired for talking their superior like that, but he also was taken it out on the wrong person. And I want to by a told you about this place that goes on here all the time. People brow beating other people who have nothing to do with whatever the problem is. Or some people brow beating a you know, boardops and producers on days when they're doing a crappy show or getting crappy calls as if it's the boardop and producers fault when they're doing a horse crap show. You know, I'm talking about. Yeah, he's easy to take it up and that was on the on the quiz links. Anybody can do that. God. I'm going to say after 10 at 5 60 W Q A. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. Alright You come on true fuckin �in wanna think That I'm с all Oh, this thing is about me, don't think you know Oh, I'm on your way I'm gonna see you sure they're dead The milk is loaded, share this with me It's a free, you're under the bread of me She was 25 but she just left me Look at me, I'm in my left, I'm free Daddy, call the call, man My best part, perfect, you think Because I'm here to tell me You're my cousin, it's my name My best, you think we're all around Of my shows She's overage She's overage She's overage She's overage You're the middle of these ghost bandaters A sign of mine A sign of mine I'm seeing this trophy five to six She's just the key Oh, my God, you're the first to appear to call Okay, 10 to 15 at 5, 60 WQM I mean, all these people are dead That's what I love it And, you know, at least they're consistent When they talk about sports, the colors, the distillation Do they know what they're talking about? No, when they're talking about the Joe Rose Bluff thing, but they know what they're talking about No, but you know, they all got an opinion They all got a big mouth, they all got an opinion, great But they haven't got the foggy idea what they're talking about And I'd like to know, you know, Default didn't make one good point in the middle of his Incessant waffling, but at least he's consistent, he always waffles But, you know, who and in the right mind Anywhere Works for people and then tells him to F off and expect to keep their job Do you know anybody like that? No, I don't Because we remember that episode at IOD years ago When I don't want to mention it was Hank, do I get a mention at? Hey, stop it, had a little a concertom, stay with Boygiri And he always said, you know, and you know what was about Because actually Hank was in the wrong on that too Because he was doing hurricane coverage And we were like basically not doing our usual shows And Boygiri wanted him to do the hurricane coverage whatever And he said, no, and they had a big screen match And Hank said F off and Boygiri said, goodbye See ya, and that was the end of that Now of course some of us having better contracts than some of the other guys We could theoretically I could do that theoretically I could go and say hey, F all you got you know And they could say nothing they could do because there's nothing in my contract They can fire me for information coordination But I still wouldn't do it Even a big loudmouth pain in the ass like me wouldn't do it And then one of my favorite calls this morning At least it kept me doing it in that show They ought to milk this for a few weeks actually I might listen One of my favorite was the first one I get in the car and they're already in poor The biggest thing about Joe's been suspended by Papa And here's this guy, oh well, you know they ought to understand We just the audience depends on Joe being there And the sponsors depend on Joe being there Is this somehow the spots are going to get on Did we miss any spots that Joe would have been doing this morning? No, no Air v single one of the spots is on tape Air v one of them got on the ear Did we lose any advertising revenue? No, no Because that I keep trying to tell these audience That's what we're here for is to make money And they think that that's a joke Oh, when you know that robber is he's always shady Yeah, well, there you go And of course especially the beastly read people This is they're doing this isn't bluff linds He's doing or any other individual in this building This is what they got set up here And they've got to do it and see these jocs And if they don't want to understand that they don't want to accept that The best place is mortgage to Wayne and to Jockey Call them Wayne Henry Whatever his name is John Henry and Wayne high-pinga The place is mortgage to them for those franchises So we can have the honor of putting on those crappy Marlon games and other stuff Then nobody is listening to that we can't sell for lover money And especially for money No chance No It's not difficult to figure that out When you're spending this enormous amount of money for the rights The broad cast stuff that first of all most of the dolphin games are on television Unless it's a blacked out home game All the other games are on TV Plus they're on in Spanish Plus they're on on FM So when you narrow it down to what's left over for AM With a crack snapple, snapple crackle and popple Whatever it is for the people in the car who might be listening Is there any much left? No So there's no big benefit having the dolphin games on there The Panther games as much as I love my hockey You know there's like kind of people might be listening to that And Marlon games is there anybody? No nobody listening to those I mean you have to get a search party To find anybody not just listening But anybody is a ballpark who isn't working there in concessions See that's an udially try to make it look more respectable out there So they've had the concessioners take off their outfits And they go out there and sit in the stands and pretend that they're fans there Yeah, that's an udially pbpark Yeah, we depend on you being a non-curious How about those times? Because all of us and believe me, we're grateful for this at least I am Because like I told you they don't care here And like guilty pointed out to me that's a great deal Like Joe Rose has another gig with Channel 6 So I would like to the heat we're playing the next in the series They're up there in New York. Joe takes off a couple of days He goes up there to cover the next heat game Not for us but for our Channel 6 Because he's got another job Hank goes up to New York to cover the Belmont baby seat He's gone on like you know who three, four days Four power to him And so we're still getting paid for it The dancing to us No So how can you not that? So how come the neurotic morning sports audience can't function with Joe Because he got suspended for two days But if he's going out at town for several days To cover something for Channel 6 Somehow they managed to scrape by And guess what? This spot still get on the air That's right I heard him singing Error on the club He's not even here he suspended He's still doing Error on the, you know, with that big 40 pound head of his I like Joe, Joe's a good guy But he was wrong he was full of crap Not only don't you abuse somebody but you sure as hell don't abuse him For something they have no control over And I don't think there's a slightest bit of disagreement there Any rational person who's not ever been in radio But ever listened to a radio ever maybe even owned one or New somebody else who did Would agree that the format in the morning and the afternoon On with those awful, those terminal long sports or whatever We call him It's it's ponderous It's a tune out it's like an invitation Oh Oh Thank you But that's just the way it is Is it going to change? No, I mean I'd bang my head against Walfore Almost a year and a half here until I finally took a liquid guilty And there and he said, hey, here's the way it is You're right You're absolutely positively right And I don't give a shit I feel much better for him I'm just smoking these days I don't want to say what But I mean what's not to like You said back you take the money and they so if it is a day late once in a while Big deal the checks still cash so far Just like a money python you look on the bright side of life You don't look on the negative side of it And not only that but what difference is it made Because there are people out there complaining about it They're still listening Those sports nerds especially I can't compete with that to you because those people Like I said the guys who go out in public in the like 40s Like 40s 45 year old guys We're in like hurricane outfit in public You know, I like to work You know the kind I'm talking about And Zubah's pants Oh, yeah, Zubah's pants I don't want to mention anybody we used to work for With Around So anyway getting back to Rocky Rottenberg Oh, yeah, we got stories George and I were reminiscing about the old I-O-D stories And about program directors we've worked with And four and around before Yeah, who make bluff lensic See that's your roses been here too long He's had a couple of pushovers And he asked in woods and bluff lensing here He sure had a working his business with Steve Nichol Or boy Gary Then you know what hell is all about And let me say it for the 50 million time I never heard one reference to it on that channel I heard a lot more this morning In fact I heard more the morning show this morning I've listened to it last two months put together Because they weren't talking about the guy Damn Nick's or all this other repetitive boring crap Or that game on slash last night in Dallas They were talking about stuff that was amusing And we're getting a lot of response to it too And I think you're full of crap That's an asshole, Joe's full of whatever It was great and this town thrives on that Be honest, love that Even if it's contrived which this wasn't And I told you yesterday Joe wouldn't be here I kind of embellished it a little bit Here's Kendall, hello Good morning, Neil, how are you? Okay sir I just want to kind of switch gears for just a moment Why is that? Well because I'm a little bit like I've got And I'm just believe I'm a little bit like Last night the House of Representatives We can gun laws And they're answering Okay listen, call off the Wersol and ball Okay, I'm not interested We can gun laws in the ten commandment We consider it talk about it from now to the cows Come on, I'm not going to change it I think it's great I'm going to put the ten commandment up on a wall And it doesn't finally go through Because then they're going to see nothing is going to change Oh, dude, we tried, okay, who cares? Who gives a crap? They do the invoke, yeah, this is probably the same guy who goes to a dolphin game And they say the invocation there in the beginning he stands up for it, you know? All new people are whining and yelling and will He is carrying out about Jeff Bush and about the right wing And at the same time you're just a bunch of sucklings Okay, just go along with a program I try to get everybody to sit down there when they're doing the invocation So they might put a stop to this crap Totally inappropriate, will they do it? No, there are a bunch of pussy, they're like most of the people are working around here There are a bunch of pussy, pussy is their middle name But have a great day, sir, just calm down, take two in college in the morning And we'll give you a Bob Barrett's personal direct line tone Number, he'll straighten you out 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line We got an important stuff going on here at QA, okay? Stop that effects the people in this community Because we depend on the little dog being there in the morning Don't we depend on him being there? No, huh? And don't his sponsors depend on him being there to get the spots on here So we don't play those tapes? No, no. In fact, I was going by in the hallway and they asked me to come and see if I would sing Arrow around the clock, I'd not say no, I don't do the singing I'm not in the right union for that But never once did they may reference to the fact Like I said for the 4 billion times That when a guy goes after a guy who not only is his superior But has nothing to do with his problem even agrees with him Then the guy is totally out of line But don't tell that to the audience at a morning show Because there are a bunch of sucklings Here's a lady in Hollywood, hello Hello Yes, man You were talking a couple of days ago about the most influential person of the last century A couple of days ago, right? Well, nobody mentioned Alan Okay, good. Alice, but Alice, no. Like I said, now see this? This is what I'm talking about I do 23 minutes, I'm worked up here, I'm fired up and pissed off Or pissed up and fired off, however that thing goes I've taken two calls, they got absolutely nothing to do with the important stuff I'm talking about We're not doing a most important person of the century anymore, sweetheart We don't want to put God damn a frecky linemen and teenagers on there Although we should be in the top 10 God See what I mean about the callers? They'll put you in your goddamn grave if you let them On the ringmaster here, okay, on the one with a goddamn whip in the chain, alright? Just keep it in mind 560, 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line Friday, you first, cheers Join the end, alright? You're done today Happy stuff, I'm down from prison fun Well, your friends away, we'll back you all, okay? You're spending your right, you're on the sun When you think of all the benefits you're getting Life will be sweeter When you pass your heater to carry your lights and silly deadly Come on and go, I'm sitting there, it's the American way For the unmemorow, and our ral In for the end, in for the chaps And only the important head, in case they're laughing up And sharpen your skin You'll pour some liquid, be there, just spend your right to all the stuff Come on and join, can you be proud to say you're on the other hand Or a-a-a So anyway, the net you just listen to the door and say, get off your duck 1032 at 560, WQA, I'm so anyway See the sports nerds are emotional cripples Maybe that's why they have to hang out of that jack strapped thing all the time They have one close by, so they can make you like sniff it To help them get through the day, emotional cripples So now the fact that you've got to spend it for a couple of days Because he participated in totally unacceptable behavior That these people all want to have their answers fired for By the way, each and every one of them that are calling in with their big mouth See, like I said before, anybody can call our radio talk show And they get real brave on the other side of a phone But what it comes to talking to their superiors Oh yes sir, Mr. Smith, Mr. Schwartz, whatever you're saying Yes sir, anything you say sir You're going to be behind their back, you bastard, you know that crap Traject So anyway, don't come in to work on Monday Neil Yeah, I had the, I was very close to that same business with Bob Green Once upon a time because unfortunately, like I told him before Bob Green was like kind of a part-time friend He was the boss, he was like a part-time friend when he was in the right mood And maybe when he was getting later, whatever was See if he would have given him the math to show him that place back then Maybe he would have been the better friend of mine, but anyway Don't come in on Monday And that wasn't even over spots or anything like that Or certainly over program content That was over promos that we weren't running because it had to do with spots Because Nick Turgoni up at Atlanta from Cox Broadcasting Decided they weren't making enough money on the station So let's add more spots in the hour And at no time by the way did we ever even come close to the spot Load of this station, did we come close? No, no, at any time of the day or night on that station But nevertheless, so they added like a minute an hour And I think it wasn't said a 15 minutes an hour running 16 or something like that And to try to, yeah, and plus we had newscats, we had all kinds of crap So then try to make it a list of the full format I went into Bob Green one day and I said, what were we going to do? I just dropped the promos, just don't worry about them Just to cross them out Okay, that'll help Four breaks an hour, that's two minutes an hour So we got the one minute back plus another minute, that's great So then Steve Nick will get his nose involved It's been a bit, but I'm so coming on Monday morning, of course You know, we kind of like quietly agreed that maybe we would run I don't know what the deal was, and we didn't run them on that one day Under my instructions, so right away, they're ready to To a blow me out the door and we're going to suspend you And we had a big meeting about the screening and shouting And basically Bob Green finally had a whistle on the net that he told me Yes, you don't have to run them at all But these are the, yeah, this is what you deal with When you're working for other people, that's why life is generally a piece of crap When you're working for other people on less, unless you adopt the attitude of Steve Goldstein, the Nathan of Radio, the Nathan of Human Survival Just don't give a crap, just adopt their attitude If they don't care, why should you? And I know I've said that to myself so many times over the years I tried desperately to be one of those people who just didn't give a good God damn, I couldn't do it, but now I don't, I don't care Oh right, and I'm very proud of myself, how do you like that? I'm ecstatic that I don't give a shit anymore Right, feel much better for it, shows going great I feel like I've gained 20 years in my life, thanks, guilty, guilty for president And so if the commercial breaks are too long, if Joey ever gets to be the adult Which might happen someday, he's a good guy, but very, very juvenile Something he's trying to grow up, he's got to understand he's a former jockey He is at locker room mentality, like most of his audience does But if he ever grows up, he'll realize that there's no sense getting all been out of shape And out of whack, because there's nothing that blufflands you anybody else on God's greener, it can do about it They're going to keep running those long breaks as long as we have more than a one share They don't care, they want the money, and they have to have the money So that maybe someday, they might play for those franchises See, I've landed sports nerds out there, I've landed those people Because if you don't want to have all those stupid guy damn ball games on it, this station could still be the sports station Without all the ball games on effect, this was the sports station before they got to dolphins Right? I think the first thing they had to got to Marlon's in the panthers, they made that deal Was that anything to write home about? Oh no! And how to make it even worse? Now we got her a cool in the sports coming Now you remember those days that I OD, well we had dolphins in Hurricane And all the other spots that are going to have to run on all the other promos You think the format's bad now, wait until September, October, whatever it is When the first hurricane game comes on, football Oh my god, you'll say cheese, we should be lucky at the other way But everybody's in expert, they all know their craft Here's Miramar, hello Hey Neil, yes sir Hey, isn't it true the real red and voter of this station is exactly the same as it was I OD that's you in the dolphins when you're in season That's about it I don't think they make a lot of money on the dolphins, the dolphins is like busy work And the dolphins is even less subreddin' but are they used to because like I said They now forced them to carry out the game on FM And the game is also on in Spanish And except for the rare blacked-out home game, all the games are on television anyway So the audience that's really left over for the dolphins is miniscule Compared to what he used to be I remember growing up as a kid, I used to step up my front door And every radio that I've down the street Oh, he's echoing the dolphin game on I OD with a back then was a... The receiver man, he was like a staple of my fun time back then Exactly That's a good old day You know where we were now He was on queer streets right now That's where he is I miss old receiver Yeah, he was great And at least we know what his name was, too that was good I remember his name I grew up right there on a 20-year-old I watched him greasy and they meant to him my dad Yeah Yeah, one more thing And anyone who had this, but did it date? Did he put an operandogone at least? No Oh, sorry, he invented that They put out for the new man on there though No, no, I have a great day pal There you go 560560 Tom 580 I want to say this audience isn't pissed off and worked up about it This audience couldn't give a crap a lesson's usual And I like that I like that about our audience They're not as immature and juvenile as the morning show audience Aren't you the emotional cripples? Oh, what are we going to do without the little dog? Oh, you read the penbot in the good-to-art day You know, if you depend on any of us to get through your day I would say I see a good idea Because we do suffer in this world for a severe overpopulation problem Don't tell the Pope that You can get another one of those bad headaches But nevertheless, we have a severe overpopulation problem So if you're like that dependent on like somebody like Joe Rose to get through with a, I would suggest Just kind of like stepping aside Giving a little more A breathing room and fresh air for the rest of us to breathe and enjoy That, I mean, just the thought 560560, pound 560, edible one How about that game last night? Oh, oh, boy, that was painful I told you that Dallas would have two Did not pick the score, I said Dallas two But I said Buffalo three instead of Buffalo Oh, of course when you're playing in a quagmar What Dallas has done to this game into this series It's so unacceptable and so grotesque And that excuse for ice that they're playing on down there It's just, it's a mockery And they're almost certainly not going to win a series Then oh yeah, the stars won the cop the stars their great, yeah The stars suck, okay With all the respect, I mean, Val for played good, but how many touched, how many shots Periodity I forget about top, how many shots do you have in a game? 16, 17 again, coma time, coma time Just when we thought we were building a little excitement moment And right away, there you go And that's why Gary Bentman does want to talk about the humanity and the temperature in there Because again, sweet but out of the carpet pretend it's a great Pretend it's real life, okay, pretend it's a real game, edible I carry you piece of crap 21, before 11 at 5, 60 WQN She's right! Oh right, alright, judge Judy You know she's tough Hey, if I want any more libout to use Mr. I'll scrape it off my gable when I smack you in the mouth You know she's home spot Look, don't pee on my leg and tell me you're frightened But now, judge Judy is taking it to the limit And in all new, prime time special Damn, oh, oh Oh, judge, Judy On Fox, the attorney general, the great citizen Texas is allowing Descero inmates to have their final appeals heard on TV before It was so good to be You'll see a judge Do what if like a discount for a liability you You must be quiet if you think I'm gonna buy that loan A crap A sentence you could death by the electric chair you were sitting in now And he lasts for it before I like Jeff on National TV Can I get a cigarette at anything? Mokin, don't know now I'm fucking proud and quiet That justice death roe judge Judy's tire Should I drive me fuck Let's do this design and support that for that I don't know, come down Thanks, Greg, to know Yeah, the door, what not, babe? Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay Okay, give us a maximum of into Bob Cole, okay? So I'll just feed real bad last night on the CBC But that's okay, what they're into to make like David Janiel says in the paper this morning He says this barely qualified as ice it was more like a margarita That's what they were skating on last night. Slush Like it like ordering a slushy or a smoothie and then trying to skate on it And he called that a goddamn game. No, but that's okay people's are just excuse No, it's not an excuse, but that's a kind of crap they do down there 560 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile and lake worth hello Hi, Neo, how are you? Great. The guys who purchased the marlin's game Are they still working for the station? What do you mean are they still working? They own the station, Greg, all in the bees lives, yes Oh, they want some meat? Greg weed is a general mangle, yes, he's the one that had a satisfies on eagle by being Mr. Sports But the marlin's game, if anything, the marlin should be giving those games to the station Or actually paying the station They're not, we're spending millions and millions of dollars every year just for the honor and the right To try to sell advertising on a crap that nobody wants Do you have to play the marlin's games? Yes, they do You can't just suck it down and we can't talk it down We have to play the marlin's game, yes, we can do And you know, we're assuming them and they're willing to do a big good mess Because Greg weed wants to be a sports hero Well, the dolphins aren't so bad at least that's once a week and it's on the weekend But for the person who's driving during the weekend I think the dolphins, if we're lucky, they can break even on the dolphins Maybe make a little bit of money with a pregame and a postgame and the 85 hours of 4 play and the draft show But maybe they can make a few bucks on that The panthers have got to be like, you know, how much money can they get for those games So that's a wash, they can't make any money on that And the marlin's worth losing millions of dollars every year on So even in Palm Beach, like the other station, JNO When you have an afternoon game and I get in the car, I'm going between Hank and JNO And I hear Joe Angel on my, oh my god, the marlin's, it really makes you not even want to listen to the station Yeah, the one in alternative station, you must be killing you They're killing us, yeah, they're all screwing us, financially and the ratings wise, every other wise But like I see again, I mean if Joe Rose would have gone in to the Greg Reid who will conveniently By the way, was out of time yesterday and again today If he would have gone there to Greg Reid and said, F.U. I mean, even though it would have been an appropriate, probably would have gone, can we just said, hey, here's the guy who really has some balls And like the one guy said, there's more went to bed for the audience But by going to the guy who's got no control over this whatsoever, what's the point? Now when they bought the marlin, did they, was it packaged with the ball fin? Yeah, so it was all one big unhappy package, right? So it's Wayne. The, the, the, well, the marlin's now John Henry, but the rest of it is Wayne, that's right. But at the time when if you don't have the ballpark, it's Wayne every day and have a great day 560, 560, 560, 560, I mean, to me this is all hat because I talked about it over there And the other station, I talked about an IOD, and essentially I said they've mortgage the place away They'll never make the money back, they're going to lose their ass Which is why they had to bring me over here so we can put some spots on here in midday And bring a lot of cash in here And believe me, they're, they're rolling the money to this place like water coming out of your faucet, okay? That's how much money is coming through here and it still can't make ends meet And that's why still people like manage have to come in here and get their checks like three months late Because that's the way they operate So we can afford to pay for Greg Reid's, you know, it's like a little kid with a monopoly said, you know? And in his case it was the more expensive an opposite, it's all those sports franchises This was his dream, this is his lifelong ambition to be the general manager of our sports station So we can go around and say, I'm Greg Reid, everybody can go Yeah, we know, we heard all those spots But it's your kill does and good time this morning 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello Hey Neil, yes sir It's obvious from listening to you that you have an extreme jealousy, Joe Rose Yeah, I've heard you go to Joe Rose I'd tell you why I've got a paycheck He's an athlete and you could never be an athlete, probably uncorded I don't have any desire to be an athlete He's got more talent as the radio's getting Let me ask you this, how come Joe Rose doesn't have higher ratings than we have on a show And how come you're listening to the show right now? Because, you've been in it, so in other words, because Joe Rose was wrong In this case, which guess what? He admitted that he was wrong all the year He's already admitted it because I'm saying that, therefore I'm jealous of Joe Rose Do you, he was wrong? Yes, oh yeah Yes, well what you're going to do? Are you going to quit? No, what's going to happen to us? What's going to happen to us? They'll be back on Tuesday, can you handle that? Can you wait till Tuesday? No, I can Okay, well I go blow your brains down, here you go And there's another one for you That's what he gets said Yeah, I'm jealous of Joe Rose Yeah, I wish I had a big head like that I wish I could sing Air around the cliff, do you know what I'm saying? I mean, I will grant you one thing, there's one thing Joe and I haven't common I like the wee wee Yeah, there you go, I would agree with that But other than that 560560, pound 560, unimobile one line Yeah, I sure wish I had a lot of work about half of those jobs to scratch out of living I wish I could do that Joe happens to be a good guy I like him, he likes me But there you go again, he ought to be loving to do this Contrived, counter her, and driving the wedge Yeah, you again, Joe, yeah Because Joe was full of crap Like I said, emotional cripple The word those words just keep rolling through my mind I'm saving them their delicious Just saying them emotional cripples And this guy's a perfect example of it Oh, he was once an athlete Woo wee Was Einstein ever an athlete? No, no Rose about? No, I'm not in that chair, I guess No, no The most important people in the history of mankind So I know this comes as I know You probably have to sit down before I see these words Okay, and hold on to something real tight, squeeze it real tight The most important people in mankind Word athletes I'm jealous of people who are not a brain Those people I admire People who can speak like 560 languages I'm not jealous of those people People who actually know something that might mean something someday I'm real jealous of those people But somebody who played a stupid game and got paid for it And were a bunch of tight pants And a jockstrat and shower with a bunch of other guys Well, maybe I was jealous of that But they all were ugly in those days 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line Emotional cripples I love it Here's a mobile info lottery, hello Hey Neil Yes sir I've been thinking about this for a long, long time Probably six, seven minutes But I think you should make it a home shopping network And you should be the only one on there Yeah There are between Are you already heard? What? We must first love that out That's what I think you should do Put all the guys out and put through garage sales of the day And we can do the action option Yeah Yeah, and I think we can do that in the morning And they have to do a hand kit like So we can do a bookie thing on here We can get all a bookies on here And we can run bets and we can like, you know, skim off the top on that deal Well, I know you get all the lady collards for the garage sales So you'll pick up some good points We get some women on which we have no women collards Or yes, they're right Anything on this station That's right Okay, there'll be a mobile Okay, start Monday Thank you sir Thanks Monday Huh? And next Monday starts the home shop That work here on the And we'll be running a 60 minutes an hour That's the way to do it Tell wood like a 9 minute break We'll just do 60 minutes of spots all spots all day Who is the one by the way to call it all spots radio? Oh, because that have been Oh God Yeah How come I could pick up on that so fast Like two years ago before I ever came anywhere over near and near this joint I know it was going to be And this audience is like like I said emotional cripples Oh, I love that So anyway, what do your thoughts on that UML a ban the game, you know Vegas odds are 560560 So instead of blaming the commercial breaks for ruining this radio station or some of the shows How about like I'm doing telling you the truth and blaming some of the callers How about telling it like it is instead of sucking up everybody that's on the air Especially in the morning I'm sure that I'm not the only one who is a guest When I hear those kinds of calls I mean just just in disbelief That there actually are such lifeless people that they got to call in a radio station To fight out the line on a goddamn college baseball game So they can make a bet to get through their afternoon As an emotional cripple, what is that? I'll give you a hint It's a, oh is that one of the mouse pads that they were thru under in the acy game? Oh hey Joe Rose, that's Joe Rose, Joe Kustell is still got his No the reason I know it's not Joe Kustell Joe Rose is because this Joe is here today It's a mouse pad Oh I can tag the bar like you Oh look at that, that's sweet Joe Kustell Was surrendering his mouse pad to George, that's beautiful I wonder if there's something for you in about that Because generally one one guy gives his mouse to another guy 560, 50, 50, 50, 60, on the mobile one line That must be one of the ones that wasn't shown out on the field of the night And maybe the only one Here's a lady mobile and Hollywood, huh? I can't wait until golf ball night at the estate, yes man Hi, Neil, I'm doing Pretty good Oh my think about you last night when I was watching the news I heard about the proposed item in Congress And there's some out about range and sentiment That's real And I think they should do it I think they should put that in I think that the kids were studying your bum It should be within the hospital during one room period And eventually the rich point We're not only the kids who bring guns into the school But the teachers will bring guns into the school There you go, I think that's on I think Bob Bar put that in the bill last night in the house It's about two in the hospital I hope you can see that, get your real line Bring their guns to the school, okay, thank you I don't give a sh** No They can put the hot door and the tank command is all that stuff I don't care, it's not going to change anything It's just a bunch of crap It's more of the busy work that they do up there in this country Because instead of dealing with real problems, they come up with this crap And most of the public suck it up Oh yeah, that's a good idea If we just said a lot more of prayers and stuff, everybody will be real good 560, 560, 560, and a mobile one There's absolutely no interest in the listeners in this show Whether it's your, it's fact that, that would be a good pull Does anybody in listening this show, care whether your road ever comes back That's a good question Because I still like you know who Oh yeah 10 times the athlete, 10 times the abroad castor 10 times the sense of humor, 10 times the men's Yeah, there's a guy In fact, you know something I think that there's something I don't want to mention a names But there's some people working on this radio station All the kids are grown every day and thanks to the Lord That Jim manages got that construction business That takes up most of his time Because can you imagine if he wanted to pursue a full-time radio career? Huh? Oh my god Yeah There be some people out here just, don't let the acid in Don't let the acid on your door on the way out And that how that goes, something like that 560, 560, 560, and a mobile one line 10 times Ok good evening 8,000, 7,000 10,000, 10, 1000 15,000, 100 get so much money Get fed the homes 10,000, 20,000, 20, 100 get so much things Mauds getting home You know when you think it good, that's pretty much in writing Then all the ways you learn, Karl Like nature? Was one of the best friends to learn with our manicured goaties, is a gay day after all. We'll be holding hands in adventure, let's watch a live. The man that Lee Marching and Will Make Your Is, treats with a kiss. On the cheeks, it's a gay day after all. We can wear a tight shorts, play the gold, love mugs, and they wear mask arrows like we can win. So, way as we can sense a shake, it's a gay day after all. And GM will have a liberty, false hostess by a lifeteller and roof of their leader. And hockey rocks, not to mention people like us. It's a gay day after all. It's a gay day after all. It's a gay day after all. Okay. And the other side, back to you, they're pretty upset about that. The Catholic Church is upset about that. Mad Damon Ben, we'll see that the church is going like, a black man on an on-a-coast. And all these people, you just see the thing about the tank of my men. See, I'm not going to get myself all bent out of the shape of those things. Because you want to know why? That's right. What evidence is it going to make? Not going to make any difference. And like I said, all these same pussy's out there that spend their own money and they go to some sporting event. They have to stand there while some getchkeys up. They're giving some prayer. You know, it rings hollow with me. Because 99% of the people in this country will go along with the program. No matter what the program is. So what difference is it make? What are you bitching about? That was shot not the be an asshole. I was shot not to be a douchebag. That shot, you know, so what what difference is it make? Put it up there and you'll see it isn't going to change your guy damn thing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. And just like they have the invocation before they open it at a set of the house. And a set of every day. And they're still a bunch of assholes. Those still are still in bed with the NRA. If you saw that, that's what evidence is it make? We'll change nothing. Here's a mobile and hell and Dale. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Great. I just wanted to make a point. The car called earlier is a few days of a West Palm Beach I guess. And you know, sometimes it'd be off at you by six months ago. It was in my car like all day. It started from the U. The morning shirt on 4, 10, and hanging out to no. Yeah. And I got to be honest with you. I get in the car by 12, 15, and I just hear that voice of that marlins cast. And I'd be so depressed. I mean, as soon as I hear that voice, I just, I feel like somebody's like stabbing me in the back. Right. I don't understand how it could be left out. This entire audience feels like they're being raped like they're being ripped off on those days when we get preempted for now and a half because the marlins are playing a day game. So I kind of like it. Listen. Because you get to go home. That's right. I always say to myself, Why not? I'm going to call a lot. I just want to thank you. You think my day a lot, you know, that you make it go so very fast. In fact, you know, something just dawned on me. Thank you very much for bringing us to my attention. I think I'm going to change my tune about that dome stadium. You know, I think we got to build a dome same because then we probably have a lot more day games. Thanks a lot, pal. All right. Okay. Huh? You're following my logic now? See, they're not going to play day games now because it's a hundred and ten degrees in the shade. So they don't play very many home day games. Most of those day games are on the road. But boy, if we had a nice dome stadium, it was always like a cool 72 degrees inside and whatever. Huh? Never rain? No rain delays? 12 30 every day, baby. Oh, let's see. April, May, June, July, August, September. Sounds excellent. One call on the board here are real slow Friday, but that's okay. You want to play like that? I'll just leave early. 5 6 70 5 60. What? Oh, I'm not joking. I'm dead serious. 5 6 70 5 60, 5 60, 5 60, on the 18 T. I mean, I really thought that the audience was whipped up and that to a frenzy bottle, this already doesn't care. They don't care if your rose is suspended. I mean, they don't like wish him any bad luck, but they don't care about your rose. Unlike that one guy that called all emotional before, again, pretending that he only listened to the show because I piss him off. Well, great. At least I make you feel something. Okay, sir, which in this town, that's a miracle. 5 6 70 5 60, 5 5 60, on the 18 T. While it's lying. Greatest actors and actors. And by the way, you want to know why they were never getting a response on it? Because first of this whole thing is based on these old farts, which I mean, granted, they were great actors and actresses, but they had to be their debut. I had a little curve before 1951 or a curved after 1952, but they died. You're following what I'm saying. It's not easy to figure that out. But nevertheless, in other words, old timers. So that's like the thing with, you know, with Roosevelt, nobody in Saudi is even knows who the hell FDR was, much less, the long and on the list. So we're not going to get any response on that. Who the hell in the Saudi is? Has he got any idea who Fred Astaire was? Or Jimmy Cagney, or Clark Gable, or Gary Cooper, or Gregory Speck, and Audrey Hepburn, and Ingrid Berdenman with the illegitimate kid and Greta Garbo for quite an Atlantic was back before I was born. So let's go back to the geriatric show that we used to do and talk to some old farts, you know, and then we can relate to each other. We can talk about things that we all understand. Instead of these punks. 560, 5050, 5060, on the AT&T Wireless Line here's Tamarack, hello? Tamarack. Hello. Yes sir. What am I on already on now? It sounds just like you. Well, I really wanted to talk to you before I got on hair. How are we going to do that? Well, I really don't know now. Well, it's possible I should have called before an HST talk to you personally. I don't do that. Oh, I see. Oh, I was told that I could speak with you, concerning the seminal Indian gaming reservations, concerning the bingo hall that they have. Yeah, what you can't. 560, 5050, 5060, on the AT&T Wireless Line. I mean, just a pillow. Oh, am I on the ear now? Just from the beginning of that, I knew already we were in trouble. Oh, my god. Oh, see what I'm saying right off the bat? I love those people because they're, oh, well, we listen for the callers. Yeah, you listen for the callers. Yeah, it's okay. Like right there. You talk about lifeless. You talk about, I mean, just a little bit of oxygen. Couldn't hurt in his case. You know what I'm saying? Just a little puff of oxygen. Couldn't hurt. A little puff on maybe something. Yeah, that might help. I'm going to tell you right now. Instead of nailing up the tent, commandants on the walls and all the schools. How about free weed for everybody? Okay, Melal, everybody out. Then nobody to kill each other. Christ on mighty. You just, you get out there in your little car, your big car, whatever a piece you're driving out there on the road. Then you look around, you look to your left, you look to your right. In fact, if you're in your car right now, do it. Look to your left and look to your right. And you'll say, Jesus Christ, who the hell are these people? Where am I? You'll be like Admiral Stockdale. Who the hell am I? And where am I? Here's a mobile-in-send-for-moderate, hello. Here, how's it going? Great. Where there is the top of the Navigator tracking you for a long time in competency in radio, management, wind, stews, say that, IOD, and now here. Yeah. Why are there's a great vodka, I think, always bring the incompetent people. Because usually they hired glorified salespeople to be in men's, but they don't. Or an consultant, like Walter Saber, yeah, they'd bring in, but he's also another one. We're glorified salespeople, I know I do about programming, who don't understand their ass from your elbow. And you're fine? Just being, no. I heard him say something that the caller's made to the show, and I almost drove off the road. I did hear that, yeah. The caller's at the back bone of our show. Maybe they had a kind of examinant. Especially with listeners. When there's a show, and there's three guys on the ear on the show, plus all the other people working to background, for anybody to get out and say the caller's at the back bone of the show. To me, that's like an admission that the show sucks, you know? And here's another thing with the show. Now, if you ever show, you know, the other station over there is carrying the hurricane games, the show, the championship that you were ever to see. And now, when you're in this championship now, they're going to carry the final game. What's with that? I mean, why would we be allowed to do that? I mean, just a concept of how they'd be. Because it's on a Saturday, they'll kill a lot of good times. Exactly. You have to pay anybody to be on there. Just like with your display, we're copying. I don't want to pay anyone. But I'm trying to get it to fill her. That's right. I have to pay any hate to come in that day. That's right. I'm catching on. I mean, one of them just get for you. I call them service tapes. I'm going to put on 100 won. Just keep playing the same thing. But it's going to show the rules. You should be working the gravity. You see that on the air? Yeah, I would agree with that. You think that it's fast running? I'm going to tell you. Until I embarrassed them and hearing that Gap at his T-60 was going nowhere. Until I, I don't want to take credit for risk of where I'm going. I'm going to go outside. But I mean, even. And how do they get into full neary? I mean, you could call the room a little bit. Okay. Yeah, I take all the credit or maybe it's blame. In this case, forgetting Joe Rose as far as he is because until I've got for the T-T would like the laughing stock of the market. Remember that? I just begged him. They acted there. I was over there and I would be. But I still I'd see him there on channel. So Joe, please run television. You can't have like the, you know, that 18 inch missing Gap like the Evelyn Woods or whoever it was. Rose Mary with James Woods. He's got an 18 inch gap in all those craters of what he's got. And all of a sudden one day I look on Aaron. And his Joe's got his day. Yeah, he went got a little bonding there with his dentist. And now he still looks like a, you know, a geek, but never less. At least you have that big gap in his mouth. You know what I mean? 10 past 11 at 5. 60 WXU and we're ready. Okay. Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problems. I would like to announce the development of a new software system, which will be year 2000 compliant. This program is known as millennia year application software system or my ass. Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass everyone. We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at my ass. We have not addressed networking aspects yet. So currently only one person at a time can use my ass. This restriction will be removed after my ass expands. Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in my ass before. I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively painless and she was actually looking forward to doing it again and was even ready to kiss my ass. As you begin using the program, feel free to put anything you want in my ass. As my ass grows larger, we envision a time when it will be commonplace for supervisor to hand work to an employee and say, here, stick this in my ass. It will be a great day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond here. I just pulled it out of my ass. Back home speaking of that by the way, this is a black deal that we're finally brought us back together. Roll! It is warm to enough. I mean, I'm not really sure where this has been and I'm not sure that I want to know. Believe me, but nevertheless, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And didn't I tell you by the way, today is the day to kid you all over the school, right? Am I right about that? That's right. And what did I tell you about today? Today is the beginning of the demarcation line. I might just take off earlier, because of that. I'm not sure where anybody. 560, but 560, 560, 550, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's my me, Leg. Hello. Are you doing? Great. Are you hearing me? I hear you're just like you're on a phone. Yeah, I am. Let me turn this thing off. Are you doing Neil? Let me see. What do you think I'm hearing? It sucked. It sucked. I wanted something better, but I could see. One of the ice, one of the worst games I have for you. Oh, the ice was an embarrassment. It's a better one than the ice. How about those two referees? Yeah. About those two referees. They were spectators. I think they had to pay for their tickets last night. They were spectators. It was so embarrassed. But the main thing that I wanted to talk to you about is that we thought we finally had a real series going to the middle of a sudden. Oh, right. That was garbage. Garbage. Starter has one more team, one more game, I guess. Yeah. Let me ask you something too. Two thanks, Neil. I have a friend of mine brought to me from Cuba from the cigar's Monte Cristo. See? Is there any way that I can wrap one up and give one of those envelopes send it to your office? No. You know, it'll lose something in the family. Oh, I will. I appreciate it. But we got eight million cigars from next year, and we don't want to. But you don't have Monte Cristo. No. I'm sorry. I don't. Okay. The other thing that I want to talk about, I'm a fan of Gary Cooper for the stairs. Yeah. I don't know if you saw that. Fred is there by the way. There's another one who was not an actor. He was a dancer like Jean. Yeah. What do they do? What do these dances doing on the acting list? No. There is number five. He was the fifth greatest actor of all time. Oh, my God. Fred's there. Fred's there. Yeah. I know. Gary Cooper. I think hi, no one is one of this. Well, Gary, two four number 11. Remember that? Yes, I do. I know. That's one of the best films I've seen. I think Gary is going to be at that gun show this weekend. Okay. Yeah. I have a great day, Fred. I know. Okay, come down. See, that's another thing. Somebody called me. Was it yesterday or sometime in the last couple of days? Well, you know, there's a spot running during your show. I know how you feel about the NRA and he's gunlo- we have no control over that. All of a sudden, the audience is so concerned about spots. Okay. Well, I never have any control over that. But Fred's so much. Get out of here with that crap. There you go. But all of a sudden, they're all like, you know, just stop being so concerned about things that you can't control. Okay. Stop. Yeah. You life will be much sweeter a lot longer and it will all be a lot happier. But of course, being too happy here, they don't like that. Five, six, oh, and I forgot. This is great. This is the all-time greatest experience I have ever had in my life. So yesterday, I go over to get my mail at my private box, you know. And I'm driving through the lot there to go through the little strip shopping. So I'm going to go out back on through a broader boulevard. And I'm coming to the end of the row of cars to make my left turn to go to the exit Lane here. And there are two guys standing there. One of them, one of these sports nerds that I was talking about when these left. We kind of like a lot of facial hair and glasses. Look like a real nerd. And he's got like either a dolphin or hurricane jersey. I'm not really sure which. Okay. And adult, not like some kid. Like I would say, you know, 38 to 45 somewhere in there. All the nothing. Oh, better. Look at like a clown. And so as I'm approaching, where they're standing, which is the end of the row of the cars, he gets this look at it. And he's not even looking at me. Okay. Looking at my car. Well, I got a new, I'm driving my metallic blue. Beautiful 99 new Corvette. So there is many reason for anybody to scrunch up. There we know is when they see the front of my car or the ass and either. And then he looks at me and I'm sitting there with a stoogun. I'm off. I just got the mail on the seat there. And he got like like that. Like a look. I would like that. And so I had to sit there and look both ways to be formed. Maybe I left this either. And as I'm sitting there, I give a glance. Like like Igor. Yeah, like Chris to bath house. Giving me a look like like like I just opened a window. Oh, real bad one. Like I just opened a window. It's long out of pile and elephant crab right in the space. And I started laughing so hard. I mean, just take a who this is. Here's an adult standing there with his with his little dolphin jersey on and is it. Oh, and I'm thinking of myself. He's an asshole. Wow. I sure hope I see again in the parking lot. By the way, I'll show you just how far that car. How fast that car goes. And how easy it handles. Do by the way. 560, 50560, Pont 560 on the AT&T. Why was that? That was so precious. That told me everything I needed to know about this place. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Great. I got a question. I complained. Complaint. Why must I listen to the worst. Ethnic Albanian 50,000 times in the morning use today. Yeah. And in crossing. Sorry, what you think of the weather this weekend. I'm making plans. 560, 50560, Pont 560, the AT. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. There's must have been a guy standing there. What did dolphin jersey on? You think that was him? Oh, I think so. 560, Pont 560 on the AT&T. Why was that? Your votes for the greatest actors and actresses of all time. The older the better. How about real felon too? No, you know he was a. Yeah, we know about him. Noried all those bull dikes. See, there's all new kids out there. There's always a real good tip for you. Okay. When a guy keeps hanging out with or even worse, Mary's dikes. That generally means he's probably. But nevertheless. Here's Del Rey Beach. Hello. I'm you. Yes sir. I'm sorry to date the radio died, which was when no disrespect to you when 1001 left. Yeah. I let's know all day every day and that was just the best. But those douche bags and you know, the directors have to go screw things up. Well, that's a long time ago. We can't live in the past. I mean, I don't know. I don't know. But he's not here anymore. He's not coming back. And we're doing the best we can. Okay. It doesn't work for a minute. Yeah, yes, it does. When it comes to that stuff, we can't live in a past. It's okay reminiscing about like Rocky, rotten burden that last trip to Vegas. That's fun to reminisce about. And as far as the caller's being the backbone of the show, that's so far off. It's you ripping the backbone of the caller. Right. That's the show. All right. Listen, I got news for it. If we had good calls on his sound, we have like a we'd be number one half. If we had the call. Yeah. You have some ear. Some good ones. Well, you have to go through about 100 before you get one at worthwhile. You should be starting the big mirror on the self-portive scene. If what it is, it's bucks and it's embarrassing. Okay. That's a nice place, light, heavy great pacer. We're shining the big flashlight out there. And it's not a pretty sight. 567.0560. 556 on the AT&T wireless line. Rocky, rotten burden goes to, hey, we're going to do another trip to Vegas. All right. Let's put it together right now. What do you say? Huh? Yeah, you like it. Yeah, you'd like it. You get a free beach. That was perfect. What? That was perfect. That was your wife. Oh, you mean with Rocky, rotten. Yeah. How about a channel in a long? I got a great idea. Why better not say it on the air? No, I was just thinking of at least four people I could go on that trip together. Over several people's dead bodies, but nevertheless, maybe we can go that gun show this weekend. Get some of those taser guns. Some of those poison darts. It was good enough on that one Sherlock Holmes movie. 567.0560. Yeah, Rocky, rotten burden. This was one of the all-time great promotions that wasn't bad enough. We had the first two Bob Lincoln disasters. And by the way, I don't see Bob Lincoln hiding her hair with my travel books. I don't see him, but I got the invite him in any more with my official capsules. Haven't seen hide and her hair of Bob Lincoln. In a long time, but I do appreciate him, by the way, for hooking the up with Virgin Atlantic Airlines. God are they great. I love Virgin, shaglantic. They're the best. But I don't see him at all. So we had those two disasters. I mean, just unmitigated disasters. And being the stupidest I was, Steve Nicholson, me and oh, yeah, well, he's got all the contacts. A's got to make sure it's done right. Well, consider doing it one more time. You know, Rocky, rotten burden. Who now, who is she related to? It's good friend that was always, uh, horses and Susan, uh, charades. A Susan, charades. If you want to say, Susan, Susan, Susan, who is once in a sales department at IOD, and somehow became developers in Sesame's relationship with Steve Nicholson, who never met a behind the door or a deal that he didn't like. What? Are you considering saying it or not, well, don't say it. But at any rate, so it turns out that Rocky, rotten burden was like her mother and law or something like that. That's what the deal was. So he sets up this, uh, third deal to Vegas and makes all kinds of promises to this woman. And actually, we had this tremendous drop-off because people that were involved in the two Bob Lincoln disasters. Most of them didn't want a particle to Vegas with us again. Because they, you know, it was a nightmare. And that's the best thing I can say about those for two years. So now, keep in mind, the station, which had forced Bob Lincoln to buy a lot of commercial skids. We'll get the free plugs on the Vegas trip. Do they ask Rocky, rotten burden to buy any spots? No, no. Because this is an incestuous deal. I'll cook up behind a scene as usual by Steve Nicholson, who had his finger in it. You always had his finger in it. Okay, the free premise. I'm getting to that. And so I'm promoting it on the air. We're going to Vegas. Here's the dates. And if you'd like to be involved, call this number. And Bob, Bob, talked to Rocky, rotten. And she buying any advertising. Oh, this costing her a dime. Am I giving her $50 million worth of free promotion? Yeah. Yeah. And now she starts calling George like every time we turn around. I was promised a lot more promotion on this. You people aren't promoting this. Have all the enough. I'm not getting enough calls. Even though we had recorded promos running around the clock. Yeah, that's right. We also gave her, we're running recorded promos the rest of the day. Which she wasn't paying for. And it wasn't costing her a dime. Oh, my God. What, what, three years in a row of absolute pure living hell. And guess what folks, I can afford to go Vegas whenever I feel like it. And lose my, you know, when a thousand, they're lose 2,027, 100 or whatever it might be the next time. And that's it. And have a great time. And I'd have to worry about all these poor desperate, the disappointed people at the airport. Looking mean the eye would that evil look like. Why did you do this to us? And then sitting on a plane if we ever got on there like that second year. Never we saw the plane. It was sitting on the other side of the runway there. But we couldn't get her over because Bob Lincoln hadn't paid the fee. The, whatever the fee is to come to the gate. Oh, God. And he's on a phone talking to his son out there and Vegas was getting married that we can. So Bob is getting himself a free trip out of this deal. Did we have to go out there to his son's wedding? Which obviously was his number one priority. Love like at these 200 people are near poor wondering what else going on here. And why do we see our plane? We just can't get on it yet. And the wedding party took up a giant table at the QA and part of it. That's what we're supposed to do. I would be, I would be part of the internet to be bubbling and sons wedding. So nobody could get a seat right and the crowd would. And that's the main thing. Of course the first year when at 747 showed up like about two hours late and the air conditioning didn't work. And we couldn't get anybody to push it back and for a lot of day or a report because they didn't have a thing to push back to some 47. Oh. And there are still people with a straight face saying, Can you never go to another one of those group trips to a Vegas again? Anyway, hey, listen, this is back and put a big round on your post. Okay, and calm down. I mean, a guy who called before about the, What did, what's one we see mentioned? Oh, the amount they could have, so I've had money crystals. They're very good. But you can get cigars as good or better from our friends in next. You don't have to go bring in bootlegs and imports. And all kinds of fancy, fancy expensive cigars. Why do you wear school? Have an excuse in my mouth, but the rest of me is okay. And after worried that not looking there, Not when you have double reason. I know that the guy's there. I've been blessed with a great pair. I've found it hard a time to reach my guitar. But you've had the thing they missed out. My best or small night, I'm not fake, See all my own and the long as my career goes on, I will never show you. I'm a pretty good five 50 WC. By the way, we have a special, We do have an all-off spent paid trip to Vegas for two for the first time. You're out into the spirit's Brittany. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, Pond, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hi, Nios, chair and Hollywood. What is it? My name is Karen and call from Hollywood. Long time listener for a time caller. Okay. Nios, talk coffee. Yeah. I think the favor will do it? No. You wrote a picture? No. Do you like the Buffalo Savers? Yes, I do. You're listening to the show. You just said you were a long time listening. Well, on and off. Oh, I'm on today. I got to the front, if I'm working, I can't listen to your show. But the team last night was pathetic. Was it a disgrace? It was an embarrassment to this view. The human race. It was the game. You didn't think it happened to me. The other thing about it was horrendous. Yeah. Yeah, you didn't think it happened to me. Yeah, you didn't think it happened to me. That's what the Kennedy's always said. How did that crap happen to me? That's right. And they're all you to bad. Okay. Have a great day. No. 560, Pond, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah. My fingers work in real fast the last couple of weeks. I mean, I've got that baby sharpened up like I put it. Little pencil sharpened. I got that thing as sharp as a guy named Razer Blade. 560, Pond, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hey, man. Yes, sir. I got two more for your list. Two more one. Two more people for your actors list. For my one list? For your actors list. Okay. Well, you know, we got so many lists this week. Yeah. You got fine list? Hey, what about Robert Downey Jr. Yeah, he's great. He's there. What about Gene Wilder? Yeah. Okay. Robert Downey Jr. Yeah, he's good. Five six, seven. So let me ask you. That's our bull course. You're like an actor. Takes it up the record. No, it's better. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, he's a great credit. And who's the other one? Charlie Sheen. He's another, you know, always having a few problems here in there. Of course, right. You know, when your father is now, obviously, the father is Irish. And the mother was Mexican. Was that it? Esther Fest. Or was that like only one of the, that was only a meadows mother. I forget. Oh. Yeah. Hey, you better listen, Mr. You better start. I'm not sure about his name with that. So it had to be at least a garden sheen. Martin's original name was a sheen. Sheen. He's from the sheenie Alps. Esther Fest. That was his real last name. Martin sheen is Mexican. Oh, he's not. Yeah. There's no way. Yes. Martin sheen is Martin. I remember, I think it was born in Ohio or something like that. I would be named Esther. Oh, I just. That he was one that changed his name. Okay. Wouldn't have their mother's last name. I think you're right, but it's just like, oh, he just don't look Mexican to me. I always thought he was like, well, maybe they, he's like, I'm not letting him. I'm letting him like liberal. Okay. Let's see. Martin sheenie, no, it just has the list of the movies that this never been in for me. Well, there's somebody we'll call him. That's a vaccine guy. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, yeah. Yeah. With the next 10 minutes will have everything. Well, I have a shoe size. Well, I have his penis size. Well, I have every piece of information about Martin sheenie. You could ever want. And I'm sure I have a lot more that you'd never want to know. God. I mean, all I'm doing is asking because Charlie Sheenie is another one of those, you know, all these problem people have gotten a Hollywood. By the way, anybody seen River penis lately? Oh, yeah, doing to good. And my good buddy Johnny Depp, it used to be such a great guy back in the days when he knew me. See if he'd hung around me, he'd be in a lot better shape today. And so would I. Because the mobile and forlaterdale, hello. Hey, Neil. I just came back from Las Vegas for the first time. I was there for nine days. Yes. And you were there for nine days? Yes. My mother moved out there. She lived in Summel and so I brought the kids down with me to kids that didn't like it at all. They say it's a family town. Yes, they have 19 or 20 year old children. Yeah. But it was an interesting place. We would have a memorial, you know, memorial day and stuff. So you sound a little bit hostile like you didn't like it. There's what it sounds like to make it. You know what? I like it. I like this strip. I want more money off the strip than I want on the strip. I want on the strip. What do you want? This is a make where you win this. Well, you never go to the Establish. I'm going to your pardon. Did you ever gamble at the CSB? I never even heard of the CSB. How about central faces? Yeah. Did so many, you know what? So what is your point? What are you saying? I want to know, did you see the new old Del? Yes. The beneath. But what are you saying? Your first just started out by saying the kids didn't like it. And it was supposed to be this, but it's not that. It sounds to me like you didn't like it. You know what? I think I don't really. I'm a gamble, but I've got to go to the Bahamas somewhere. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh my god! Oh! Put them on a boat. You're on a boat. Put them on a slow boat to Nasa. You know something? I just come down. Just be birdback. Just think of guilty, okay? Just think of that squeaky voice. I don't give a sh** me more. There you go. See it works every time like a charm. See first of all, those of us who go to Vegas, we don't want you to bring your little punky kids out there. But if you had a brain, you'd understand. There's a million places you can take. I'm going to even drop them off there. Like at the MGM and at the circus circus. They got 50X caliber. They got 50 trillion places for your punky kid. They got amusement parks. They got big rides there on New York, New York. There's all kinds of things they could do there. This guy likes, you know, in nine days, who the hell in their right mind goes out there for nine days? Whew. Put him on a trip. Put him up with Rocky, Rotton Burgundy, nickel by the way. Give him their phone number. I wish told that we're supposed to be getting a lot more promotion for this guy than it. And then of course, I would talk to when she'd deny it, you know. I didn't call him. Yeah, right. Every time she would be nice. Well, that's because, oh, and I almost forgot. I'm so glad. Oh, Hallelujah. It was a good segue. Speaking of people who are absolutely beyond a shadow about totally and positively full of people are walking. Yeah. Okay. I don't want to mention no names of somebody that was in here on Monday morning who's ass I kicked out of here. And I don't ever want to see again. And what was that whole big song that that's all about that he wanted you to make a tape? And I finally had to make a photo copy of the piece of commercial copy here after seven months and not giving me anything to work with because the client wanted to make some changes. And that was on Monday that we had a big song that and that and by by his usual big dog and pony show that he puts on. Now it's Friday. Is the same piece of copy still there? Uh-huh. Has there been any change? No. Any addition? No. Any information? Anything happened at all? No. No. I mean, here's the evidence. It's right in my hand and the copy too, okay? The evidence. The director. Once again creating a big song that's running all over the building, but, and see, only here where they put up with crap like that. Only here where they tolerate this guy. And again, because nobody is in charge. I think that's what poor Bluff was trying to do yesterday. Finally, asked her to himself as precious as Greg was out of town. You know, finally say, hey, I got a little bit of cloud here. I'm going to flex my muscle. He's been working out at the gym a lot. He might as well flex it. And his muscle too. Yeah. And for that, I salute him for waffling all over and call him that morning. Show this morning I say, oh my God, you know, either you're going to flex it or you're not. You can't be, uh, you, but anyway. Todd Drec once again, striking terror into the hearts of radio people and sponsors as well from coast to coast. Makes a big fuss. A big song to dance. But when it comes down to actually get in the job done, getting the information, servicing the client. Does it happen with a sky? No. No. Absolutely positively not. Is it a parian bomb? No. Is it a square in and bomb? No. Is there anybody that been out? See, so like I said, I'm not going to get all upset about it. What's the point? Because it's not going to change. I don't give a shag's exactly. Thank you. Thank you, Gellie. Twenty-two noon at five, sixty-w-two cue. No people are ISO. Big summer, there's no level up. Oh, you got to see. Who is there, full of the exclusive? I see. Ninety-nine. This will change on the box. Five, ten. Girardos. Three gold. One. March you mark in the funky bunch. Because, Rocky Market. Very minimal. The other one. The other one. The other one. The other one. And the guy. From Millie-Binnelly-Ven. And the kill-do-do-do-do. Yeah. Train in the old room. Those are old rooms. Ninety-nine. Fun sired by value jack. Master of ceremony is Kael Kael. And Monica, with the old rooms. Ninety-nine. Those are old rooms. Ninety-nine. Those are old rooms. Okay. So as you predicted, our fate of the factory is factoring. It's all kind of stuff. Anything you could ever possibly want to know. And I held up a lot of stuff. Nobody in their right mind would want to know. First of all, about Martin Schene. And now Charlie Schene, which that's in a waste basket. Anyway, Martin Schene, you were absolutely correct. Was one of Ramon Estovazs in Dayton, Ohio. Now see, the reason that the people like this aren't on this list is because they don't need to qualify for occasions of the American film Institute, which makes this whole list of waste of time anyway. Why should anybody onto the age of 100 be interested? So I take back what I said today. William Holden definitely in my top five. But Robert Duval from my money is the greatest actor of all time. And you're going, like with, like with, like, with my, like, Marlin. What? You know that. Now, Marlin Brando, I mean, the godfather was great. But the idea that Marlin Brando was the greatest actor of all time. And he was like, maybe the fattest actor of all time. That's the down bell of ease. Like you said, we all have our favorites. Yeah. And he's not mutiny on the bounty. You'll not butcher. Yeah. He always, he has something he didn't need to cotton in his cheek. You know, he always had that same as dollar. But anyway, he's good, but not Robert Duval. Look at all the great network and godfather one and the great Santini. And then that one way we play the crazy preacher. I mean, Robert Duval, any all different kinds of roles always spectacular. And Martin Sheen should certainly be on list, but he's not on list with you don't qualify. Because his first movie, the incident was in 1967. But I'm on Estevez. Now, of course, one kid, the Emilio S. The Estherves, as the board used to say, Estherves. But Charlie Sheen was born Charlie Estevez, but he changed it to Sheen because Daddy could have found sure as hell better than that. Well, because Daddy changed his name. And if you're in Hollywood, you're supposed to have everybody in the family with a whole bunch of different things. And different parents. Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. Hello, New York. Yes. Listen, if I'm on Estevez, it was born in Dayton, Ohio, like you said. Yes, August 3rd, 1940. And he jumped the name. Because a nine-day shoe size. He took the name Sheen, okay, from a Catholic priest that was very influential when he was growing up in Dayton. Oh, yeah. So he took this name from his mentor who was father Sheen or whatever. So in other words, he was used to be Mexican but now he's Irish. No, he is not Mexican. His parents were Spanish, they're Spanish. Oh, they were Spanish. How can they not speak for the list? He does not speak for guerrilla. I'll phone so I'll phone with a list. That's why they spoke with a list. I don't know if you know that. That's why they won. They speak with a list because it'll King Alfonso. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. The first quote I think the Romans got to him is what to him. Yeah. And it's very interesting. I don't know if you've noticed. I'm on a step as Martin Sheen and Michael Douglas Participate together in a lot of movies. They're very close friends. They work together in New York in the 60s and Danny DeVito. You know, a little guy. We didn't play shortstop but good up right. Danny DeVito. He's also a good for the Esme. Yeah. But he's a very good up. I like that movie. LA confidential using. Yeah, I like the cookers. And Joe Joe's martini. I want my cigarette smith radic. That's why you're a little bit less. I'm not sure if you can make it. They're all close friends. That's why you're a little bit less. How come we never saw that guy again? A moment of glasses. Mr. Edwards. It's not like I saw him in a movie afterwards. I think he was in Carried. He was the best. He was the end of that. I want my cigarettes smith radic. But my favorite one was when they were playing polka. Yeah. And the shit there in my guinea breaks his cigarette says five cents. And Nicholson goes into his IRA. Yeah. That's a classic. Listen about Bill Holden. No, Bill Holden was it in that. Yeah. He wasn't in that work. Well, it has something impossible in there. Yeah. He was in that work. I like the old Bill Holden movies. My favorite is the counterfeit terrorist. Okay. If you ever get a chance to see it, you'll love it if you're a Bill Holden fan. I love Bill Holden. He was great. He was a great guy. I was a hero. I don't know. You young people out there don't get in the Hollywood because Bill Holden was one of the great actors. He died. He died. He died. Drunk. He died. He's 30. I'm 30. He's old and I love Bill Holden. Yeah. I love his favorite old guy. Max is three Bulgans. Yeah. That's a bad thing. Nobody's perfect. Okay. Have a great day. Have a good one, Neil. Have a good one, Neil. Have a good one. How many bucks have you been at one of the two, Beth Pull? Because he will share a smoke. I mean pack of candles. Or Carton is the case, maybe. I mean, that's why I'm a call. Always talk about that boy. Women who drink a lot and smoke a lot. You don't have the real Husky voice. You know what I mean? 560, maybe that's why they have handicapped sisters under 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 18s. Maybe they're just, you know, larynxly challenged. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Niel. Yes sir. Yeah. No, I wanted to especially about devol, although we all love them and adore him. He is a great actor. I have to pass along one bit of, one kid better, news about him. One kid bit, yeah. Christian scientist. So? Very very dear, dear. Why? Very baker, Eddie. Yeah. Well, what about this? I guess, you know, they're the one group that does leave everybody alone. Okay. Okay, thanks for the good news. I mean, what a, why do I don't care if he's a scientist? A Christian scientist. If he's just a rocket scientist, I don't care about those things. See, that's one of the things, one of the problems that we've had with the paparazzi and all of us that are all these tabloid shows, the tabloid morags is that, you know, we got to know all of these things. And of course, the more you find out, the more unpleasant things you find out. Because most people from Hollywood, like I said, only moments ago about Bill Holden, they're drugs and drug addicts and the generates, whatever else it is, you know, it goes with the territory, I guess. So I just like to enjoy their work and not have to know a big whole song of the dance about their shoe size and all the other crap that they're doing and what church they're going to, etc. But for retail, they believe it. In fact, I didn't even use the mind Charlton Heston until he became like, you know, a real radical right wing phonetical gun sucking views. Exactly. 560, 560, 560, on the 18, I'll tell you what they Martin Schene is sure made a lot of movies, man. He has made a lot of movies. Wow. And also, um, oh, it's got all his stuff. I, I see. Here you go. Because you also produce a lot of movies too. Screenwriter, director, etc. Bill and Jurin Trapon. My favorite though was 1983. The movie he made about South Florida, the Dead Zone. It's a great Martin Schene. He's good. He's a great actor. Although I do like his, what about Emilio? You know, is there something like missing his, like a screw loose there somewhere? He's always got that real, even. I know he's an actor, but even in his acting, he's always got that deep press look on his face. Like he's a little bit off, you know. He wrote and produced a lot of movies also. Yeah, like for a little punk. And he is a little punk, but he's okay. He looks pretty good. I only depressed. 5, 6, 7. In fact, he looked like the one hidden class. He'd be the one running around, shooting everybody else up. That's where he always looked like to me. But what do I know? And then it turned out to be the brother was the one that was the, the psychocase. Here's a mobile car, carol city. Hello. Hey, good morning, y'all. Hey, sir. Great. I'll tell you another great thing about this, buddy. You get so angry tonight. Yeah. I didn't know you knew that. What do you mean, uh, you, you didn't know I knew that? Well, I didn't know I'd heard that. How old I not know that? I've only been to Vegas 8 million times. Well, you always say how you don't drive in a round and you always on the strip. When do I say that? I say every time I've talked about Vegas, I say, don't ever go there without running a car. That's true. How about carol grant, he analyst? Number two. That's perfect. Okay, have a great day. Yeah, I think his pictures on Mount Rushmore now by the by Curry Grant. They knocked Teddy Roosevelt off the district, Curry Grant. Five, six, seven. Who was that? Was that even Marie St. that was North by Northwest? Was that the movie? The Hitchcock movie where he was running around with her up on the Mount Rushmore North by Northwest. Oh, because there was that there were a group of women like Tippy had run. She was in the birds and even Marie St. And by the way, all of them were hated Hitchcock like poison because he was trying to hit on everyone. He was a real old troll off to that Hitchcock. And of course, why not? I mean, when you look like that, take it from me. Take it from somebody who knows. You've got to be an old troll. So anyway, Monday we're going to be doing the first of eight ten part series about old Cuban trolls. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty, I think 18.2 miles lie. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Any of you? Yes, sir. Yes, I got back from Vegas when they, late Monday morning. I had a great time. Even though Delta missed my flight up. Okay, is not ready when we are all talking about Delta blows. And it's a little. I had a great time to stay to Sam's town, which is a great place, set for its location. Never been out there. I see their bus all the time picking up all those nine year old people to slap them out there from the other joints, but it was good. Oh, I had fun. I went to meet people. I talked to them in the computer. That was fun. You've got to go to the red rooster, which was very much fun. Yeah, it's, uh, I get out there once a year, at least. So it's, uh, it's at a great time. Okay, great. Thank God for you, sir. Yeah. And have a great day. There's a guy had a good time. I know that's unusual because that other guy, he said, Vegas sucks. He said, you don't want to take your little kids out there. And guess what? Most of the rest of you don't want you to take your little kids out there either. How do you like that, sir? Leave your little kids at home. Get a babysitter. Went out there free load and staying with Mahoul is out there for nine days. And, uh, you know, probably went to all the cheap buffet that the places where he didn't have to wait online. Although I do like palestations. If you're going to place the gamble, the food there is at Standing in there. There, he's right about that. You make the, you're, you get better odds in the office trip joints. The office trip joints are tourist traps. And the other places are where the locals go. That's fine. But that could be. I think that's only the second guy I've ever talked to in a hundred years that I call that anything negative to say about Vegas. Which is fine. Okay, because we don't want people like you out there. We want people to smile on their face who are having a good time even if they're losing their goddamn life savings. We don't care. We just want happy people. 1256 is the 1256. He's done better get out of here. 1156 is at 5.50 W to QM. Now the league of the charges to the server. They're in the sheet of greener. Don't make fun. They're very hard for this. That's a bad house. And speaking of that, don't forget. Hank Goldberg to the staff. Then we got Donnie B. A little four play before the ball game. Did I Donnie B. at 6 o'clock? 830 pregame. Marlins at the Colorado Rockies and the interest. No. I mean Jim Marlins. I mean whatever his name is Jim Leeland Marlin is out there. No interest. 567 can't like they showed today. 567. 560. 560. 560 on a mobile one line. If I argue a T if I had like a million dollars for every person in the audience who's in Vegas right now, I wouldn't come back on Monday. Can you imagine how many of our people are out there in Vegas right now as we speak? Because as I told you, I predicted yesterday the last day of school. And here's the demarcation line. I bet you there are as a zillion of people who just couldn't wait to throw the kids in a car that dogs in the trunk and just beat it down a lot here. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Not to change the subject, but I saw something in the picture. What is the subject? Well, I don't know the actor saying, you know. Let's not this subject. Well listen, you know, supposedly they're having another drug debate up there in Washington if you can call that and these right wing y'all who's up there want to make sure everyone knows that they're still have a hard line approach. You know, against all the criminalization issues even medical use from marijuana. And I knew that already, but really angered me is that there's a senator from Indiana. He equated people that are for the decriminalization drugs he equated them with rapists and and child molester. You know, he goes, you know, who we had then coats? Mark suitors is named. He says, you know, he goes, we don't debate the pros and cons of rape or child abuse. We don't bring rapists in here to let them explain their views. In other words, you know, equating these people that are for decriminalization. That's a project. It doesn't. It just makes me sick to these idiots that have been doing this thing. And he's got the same crap for 20 years. The problem is not that better. It's gotten worse. Yeah. And when you talk about it on a shave about that's America either, you know, either get with a program or find a place where it's a real country, which is not. I don't like being included with a rapist or a child abuse or because I'm I'm for decriminalization of all the drugs by the way. And it just it's just that's the type of people you're dealing with. And I guess it just made it more clear to me, but anyway, I know it's it's old news, but anyway, it's for the actors and goes, uh, I think similar to Jackson, Texas. Okay. And have a great day and put this stuff away. Okay. I just don't understand some of you. What do you get in all better out of shape about? I mean, you have to adopt my attitude just to be a little bit more laid back. Keep your passport ready at all times. It's just to calm down. Like somebody has surprised that right wing lunatics come up with these, uh, these irresponsible comments. Why should they be surprised? Five, and you know, you have to do the goody two shoes and drugs are able. And that's why these kids are doing all these things. I was reading just a couple of days ago about some study that they did, that they commissioned the 80 million study. And they, you know, they studied to behave your pattern of all of these young people. And one of the things that they had in common among a couple of others was smoking marijuana. How come all these people around the rest of the world can smoke to what could we do? They're not shooting each other in school and doing all of these things. We're watching the same video games, watching the same violent movies, which are all on the screens of Europe all over the place, watching the same violent TV shows, which they have almost nothing but American TV with subtitles. How come they're not doing all these aberrant things? I wonder. But that's the kind of hypocritical phony country you live in. If you're surprised at that, then you've been doing along that. 560, 50560, 560 on the immobile one line. Here's a paper on in sunrise, hello. Paper on in sunrise. Hello, this? Yes sir. Yeah, anything on your influential list? We have been a Jamaican god emperor. Is it a Latino guy? Ramon. Yeah, yeah, the Jamaican emperor. Helly Salatia. Jamaican emperor. Why he got around a lot? 560, 560, 560 on the immobile one line. And this guy was on a painful. How do you like that? He was paying for it. Just leave the bag at the bottom underneath the instrument. Okay pal. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. First of all, my favorite bill Holden movie is that so be. If you've seen it, the Christian coalition and other religious groups are a little pissed off because Bill Clinton wants to give the gay community a month, gay pride month. Yeah. First of all, we don't need a month to be who we are. Second of all, if we do get a month in your Christian, don't celebrate with us. Yeah. Ah, the AFI. I wish they had let me take you off the period and I wish they had sent something from Vincent Price like maybe number 48, 49 and that's better. Okay, I have a great day. Oh bad news from Algurolds in his office by the way, at least for a couple of days there. That's all right. We want you. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Why do you wear a spoon? All right. He's been through the King Hall watching mom and dad. He's been through the King Hall the most than we ever had. Mom and dad were playing text right there on the bed. Mommy was terrible. Be at the telephone board daddy's head. Mommy's head was Bob and Geo most got wet wash. I don't know what she was drinking but you got a no-mouth wash. Hey, Vincent, you're a little handsome. What I see? What I showed you is I think more. What's the baby? I'm a baby. Mommy and dad were hooked together. What my Lincoln wants? What's my nice work? Something like that? Mom was yelling at the door. Dad was breathing heavy. Mom was on her knees. He was that hot up, boom, boom, gosh, he just went to the wealthy team. He's been told to be home watching mom and dad. He's been turned to the home the most long time we ever had. We watched a little longer. The nice started to get sick. If daddy's name is Helbert, why mom asked for a ditch? Daddy's grown in his eyes, bro. Dad, mommy wanted more. She's gone back on top of him but all he did was beat him through the keyhole. Had for many minutes, Dad. I can't wait to try to get up. I'm going my class. Well, I can't wait to try to get up. I'm done doing my class. All right. From an afternoon at 5.60 WCM we got Hank Ober to show it to. We got Donald Z Brennan at 6 o'clock with the a pre game for play for the Marlins game which means that's basically when we go off the year from 6 to 830. Marlins pre game made 30 in a Marlins at the Colorado 839. I read it whenever that came start. Didn't have too many calls about that hockey game last night. Thank God. You want to get to the press. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. A lost Vegas. The very, very fast. We went for our honeymoon and on your recommendation we say that the MGM grand. Yes sir. The plan passed. The place like we even planned one day to to just like spend by the pool like part of the day. We didn't get a chance to do it to like the third or fourth day just because there was so much to do and see and it was a fantastic. Absolutely correct. And I great big breakfast there at one end there by the lion's. That's the S&R. The best. This fantastic. What did I tell you? I have a list of this sour post I've called before. I did have a good time there. People like him should stay the hell away from Vegas. We don't want people like him there. Yeah, you know we have a little daughter now and I love my daughter so much but my wife wants to take me back to Las Vegas because I liked it so much and I just don't think it would be the same taking our baby with us like. No. It's not the same kind of you know free to have that excitement. Yeah, you want those good nannies. Did you see the thing on it was you have a night about the nanny that was beaten on that little kid. Probably not that. Okay, my daughter's over here. Glad you had a good time pal. Did you see that? Yeah that was really nice. Next my blood run. Well she was like I don't want to say it. I don't want to say she's Nick and I want to say that but she was and she just kept beating the kids and then slamming down on his little tiny hands you know. Oh my god. Maybe we can get watch your name back from England. What's all this her name? No one from Boston. The nanny. I can't remember. And I don't want to remember. Please don't call them. Tell us. I'm trying to forget her. What was the name Louie? Jesus, Louie's. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Yeah, now how you doing? Great. All right. I was just calling you to the spot for that gentleman who called up a little while ago about the smoking pot. Yeah. One little thing I wanted to say. I think that it's kind of weird how we complain about you know smoking pot and you know trying to make rules about smoking pot. I mean it's not only being did you get the faith of fire. It's just country to be better off. People that were small pot. Why is that? Why is that? I don't know. I've wanted to fire. I've ever known the smoke pot. You know they're about to hit 30 hippies. But yeah that's interesting. Because virtually everybody in this building with the exception of yours truly and probably Hank can't probably know that well these seven are maybe those two everybody else here smokes weed. Right. Okay. Well we don't have any. No don't say one more thing. You make or be a victim of statement like that and then like in one more thing. I mean how can you make such a statement? No, no. Just a lot of one thing is when you guys prepare your power so much better in Europe because then one can smoke pot. No no sir. That's not why it's so much better and that's only in the Netherlands. Okay. Have you ever been there? No I don't even want to go to Europe. I don't like people from Europe to the honest one. If you're willing to go to Europe. Well then we don't like you. Okay. Ascle he doesn't like people from Europe. I wonder where his ancestors came from. Maybe the North Pole. Maybe Mars. Maybe Uranus. I think that came from back to Uranus. Maybe he's an Indian. Yeah I doubted Indian's like smoking a good stuff. Yeah everybody that's well there and I see there's a guy. I think God he doesn't make any stereotypes and of course isn't that exactly what I said about Europe is that everywhere you go there. No that's not what I said. But of course it's always good to have a lot of real strong opinions and a lot of mouth when you don't know what you're talking about when you've never been there. And guess what? Just like the other guy in Vegas they don't want him there. We don't want you and you are believe me. You can take your Pasa Porto and stick it in your kingdom. Just want to do any good. They want one chain. Are you put the word out? You're out. Tom. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. When you're typical on culture, self-loority and there, Neil. I'll talk about you. You have to like your opinions. I know. I do some kind of phobia for that. I forget what it's called. But anyway there's no good movies out there right now. Except for one the I don't know if you've heard of it. It's called lock stock and two smoking barrels. The English movie. It's compared to pole fiction. Oh and that's huge thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Oh and guess what? You'll never believe this. Well, now Goldstein told me you found out that in Amsterdam they put mayonnaise on their french fries. Get up out of here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 6, 10. And also by the way in a lot of genre of old movies, as far as we'll see what it's sent to his violence. I guess what I mentioned that even though he's assigned to all of this. Look out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10. 5, 6, 10. On the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi, you guys. Do you want to hear me? Speaking. Hey, hi Neil. How are you going? Great. What's over Dallas? You need with Dallas? Yeah, Dallas, you know, hockey team. What does that mean? What's up with Dallas? What does that mean? That's nice. They want to last night. Yeah. I mean, uh, do you think that was a good game? Yeah, I really think that was good ice. Do you think that we're skating on a real ice? I think they were probably skating on water. They're going to skate it on a quick sand and had a better game than that game last night. That's what they were bad. They look like the panthers off. That places they disgraced the league and we got Gary Benton to thank for that sir. We were hoping we had our hopes up for a real good game no matter who won last night and it was a disaster. It was a traffic. So it's going on with the Maple Leaf. You think maybe maybe next year? Yeah, maybe next year. Okay. What's going on with that action? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What's going on with Dallas? I'd say one of your people, man. I mean, what's not going to baby talk? Okay. Teach your people to stop talking baby talk. I think we'll talk about that all over the place and then New Jersey stuff. Okay. God, New Jersey. ZZZZZ. How do I wonder how those people would say? ZZZ top. How do you how do you say that? At least it's not a New York accent. Oh, like I said, thank God. I'd rather hear, I'd rather 15 million those who do accent in a row than hear one New Yorker. You look. Yeah, like I gamble yesterday to call Hank about the odds on the world's college world. Sir, I'm going to tell you something. I know you're listening right now in between talking to your book you. Okay? That guy that called the hammer yesterday. That was that right there was the worst call in the history of the human race. Okay. Even Alexander Graham Schwartz never heard a worse call in that. Even when he was going very hard a little lamb. Even that was a better call than that call that was made yesterday. What are your thoughts on the pictures and at the hurricane Alabama game? Because our got to have action. Got to have action. I'm going to tell you something. This station should be a magnet. We ought to be tracing those numbers for GA. Seriously, we could like quadruple our membership overnight with some of the losers that call this radio station. I want to bet on you know, parchesey matches and you know, I'm surprised they're having been on my job yet. On next week. What's the odds over in that lawn mirror in Hallendale are having that great the my job tournament? What's the odds on? Digmacks. Here's a mobile in Hallendale. Hello. Yeah, sir. Yeah. That's all that actors thing. If I act as a hundred actors. Yes, sir. And there was one actor on there that should never been on there to the simple fact that it's styrofoam. Miss Biggie. You've credited Jim Hansen or Frank Oz. Yeah. It's Miss Biggie is plastic and styrofoam. Miss Piggy is on the list. It's what I saw on TV. She was. Yeah. And I mean, she's plastic and styrofoam. You ought to have a good time with it then. 560560. I mean, we got something big black plastic and whatever right here. It looks like Roy had a real good time with this weekend. Have he do it? Get that out of here, man. Oh, look at that. It's a warrant. I can't even stand up straight anymore. That thing. They're put it on its side. Let me see it again. Freda Stair and Gene Kelly being in Freda Stair number 5, Gene Kelly number 15. That goes to show you those people out there in Hollywood. You're idiots. They're impossible. Those people weren't really actors. They were dancers. They're tap dancers. Okay. Like Donald O'Connor. Which do they may have been great dancers? And if you're one of those people that love musicals, I guess maybe you know, they're big on your list. But I number one. I don't like musicals. And number two, they weren't actors. And it puts somebody like Freda Stair above somebody like Jimmy Cagney or Spencer Tracy or Gregory's pack. There's somebody with a mental case out there in Hollywood. Okay. They do these things just to piss people off. You know, just like that thing with your roses suspension. They knew that the kids were out of school yesterday. They'd have to do that. He knew that everything's coming to a screeching halt. Nobody gives a crap about anything. That's other stuff going on. The hockey player is good as history. Now boring is held last night. Nobody gave him. We were tired. He heard about the god damn Nick's already. They're going to get swept too care. And so that brings us to the end of the line. So you got to get some people pissed off. So therefore you do it. You start with contrived controversy. I wouldn't be surprised if that whole argument was a setup deal in the hall. Yeah, because you know Joe, he would never say if you got like that. Huh? I'm telling you. He wouldn't do it. I think it was a setup. I think the whole thing was staged. Including that silly memo that somebody put in here this morning. And by the way, don't be put in memo is that you stole off stuff's desk in here so that when it comes in here and sees it. He thinks I went in there. I think Mark's forming must have put that goddamn thing in here. So look at me. Must have been something was here like we were early in the morning when they knew that if they opened up his door, he wouldn't be in here. I'm saying that it was here early this morning. I don't want to mention no names, but must have been. Well, we should be good if I did this little bit early. You know, where's Joe? By the way, where's Joe mama? See around? I'll be right. All right. I'm just checking for you. I don't want to leave you a hangin. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. First one caller. I'm a Jewish who will be a from Argentina. Oh, I. At least an I agree with you. I'm a percentage for the Robert the ball being one of the talk. What is your type of a stack is right? You got to put in the same kind of go. I think we've woven in here and now Latino or Christopher Walken. Yeah, which by the way was in the same movie that's owned with Tony scenes Martin Schene Martin Schene. Yeah, Bishop Schene. I think he was in there. Two bishops. Yeah, how about a Brian Lennon and Jim Hagenman? Gene Hagenman's great Brian who den he? Brian Lennon. Yeah, that's nice. Yeah, he was seen out of that. He was, you know, he was okay. For what he wanted. Thanks a lot. And have a great day, amigo. Thank you, and back to you. See in the 10 of fly. Did you see? Now, see the guys from Argentina in St. Jersey. People from Argentina don't speak like that. Okay. They speak more like sigheile like that. What I got good meat though. I always wondered about that. Why when you go to Germany to have all those Argentinian steak houses? And then you see the names on there. Yeah, on the list there. And you realize that all the Nazis that fled the Argentina, they're the ones that own the steak houses. They know their meat. Oh, there's a good old Joe Costella right there. That means it must be 1223 at 560 WQA. Going right fast to here. Yeah, you used to do a big football star, but now we're here. You're listening to the most straight-up person. I know who George. Guys. Fuck you, George. Oh, I'm a deer. I'm a decent amount of heat. I'm a deer. I'm a decent amount of heat. I'm a deer. I'm a deer. I'm a decent amount of heat. I'm a decent amount of heat. I'm a decent amount of heat. I'm a decent amount of heat. I'm a decent amount of heat. I'm a decent amount of heat. Yeah, we don't know when it's been worked all day because we don't know how. Don't brush our teeth. Don't come our hair. We don't even wear gloves. We're not making a noise. We're not brushing our pants at all. I'm a deer. I'm a decent amount of heat. I'm a decent amount of heat. We're not well-nuttered. Well, be a decent amount of heat. We just look to drop for all. Well, don't run. Well, make sure we're on the road. We're on the road. We're on the road. Then we'll lay down scratch our butt. That watch you while it's on the road. Oh, I'm a deer. I'm a decent amount of heat. I'm a decent amount of heat. We're almost installed. We want a one-to-be at Dog at Catta Horse or Catta Horse. We're a smelly and we like it. And we've heard that things you said. Oh, don't come with me. We can't stand by. So I will listen to on your hand. Oh, I'm a deer. We're on the road. Oh, I'm a deer. I'm a deer. I'm a decent amount of heat. Oh, please. I'm a decent amount of heat. We're on the road. We're on the road. Oh, please. We're on the road. Well, 29.5.6. We've got a UCLA in the school. He's scored filling in for Neil who's speeding to the airport again on a Friday. And he didn't even accept for a couple of jokes. And passing, he didn't even mention that this was going to be happening today. What a cool and nasty joke to play on the audience here. Speaking of cool and nasty jokes and I've realized how funny that thing that I did on the calendar actually looks when that CT was in here all day yesterday. Because from this angle, it's perfect. You know, with no depth perception, there's a big sign over Joe Castellos. I'm going to say that right now, it says CT. Which I have on good authority that you're not. Absolutely not. He puts out. He follows through. Man, if he sees this about it, he follows through. So the reason I didn't want you hanging up on all of these people during the break is because they'd call back all pissed off, yelling at you and not understanding why you hung up on them. So I will hang up on them one after another. And now you can blame me. And rightly so, because those people all wanted to talk to me about, you know, who the best actors were or whatever. And I want to talk about the monkey. The monkey is at the monkey jungle. My wife with pneumonia, even through her pneumonia yesterday. Happy anniversary honey. There's no happy anniversary, diddy in here. Happy birthday, diddy. Oh wait, look. Oh, my gosh. Us, nevertheless with her pneumonia, she's bedridden and everything. She was all psychotic about the king at the monkey jungle story. And maybe somebody will call up and tell me who what the bitch's name is. And I made a mental note to say the C word and belief it. Pre-bleap it. How I have all these other things. Fuck. I have all these things bleep, but I didn't bleep the C word as I explained in earlier shows because that's not a word that I use very often. Only on very special occasions. And I want to use it towards this woman at the monkey jungle over King the gorilla. Now I didn't see the story, but apparently was all over the news yesterday and I didn't see it. And Kevin Neillon is down here and Jane Goodall sent a video plea to the lady at the monkey jungle about King the gorilla who's been in a 30 foot concrete cell for 28 years, which even our worst human prisoners don't spend that much time in solitary confinement. And apes being social creatures the way that humans are, they don't do well in solitary and King is going stir crazy. And he's rocking back and forth and banging his head against the wall. And this woman is ignoring everyone's pleas, all of the humanitarian pleas to let this guy go to the Atlanta zoo where he can be with other gorillas and live out the rest of his days with some semblance of dignity. And before people start calling me an animal nut, I'll just say right now, I will eat a whole cow wearing a fur coat. No problem whatsoever because those are two different things being cool and torturing a noble creature like a gorilla family by the way. Torturing a creature like that over years for no good reason so that stupid tourists can go and go and go at it is horrible. We're not going to get a nice fur coat out of King the gorilla nor are we going to get a good meal. We're just going to have a lot of tourists come, oh look at the monkey. And I like the monkey jungle. The couple times that I went as a kid when you lived down in the redlands and homes that that's the nearest saying that's amusing besides your neighbor's sister. So we went to the monkey jungle a couple times I liked it. Big rainforest nice monkey jumping around. I had no idea that such a bitch was in charge of this thing. That's fucking bitch who won't let King away. People have offered to buy the gorilla so that he can go and be with other gorillas. And she said no because that's their biggest draw there. And as far as the controversy and all the pissed off people she goes, oh that's just a free publicity. People are going to come down here to see the gorilla over this controversy. So maybe somebody knows who that is and will call up about it. And if we can talk about monkey jungle all day I'll never have to get into my mother's clitoris which Joe says that's not a very good idea. I found a way to tie in the situation with my mother and this whole manaja that's walking in the fact that she's ruining my vacation by being in the house in North Carolina. That's why we're not going. We're not going anywhere this week. So if anybody knows what you can do in South Florida in the summer besides going to the beach we've already got that pencil done on the schedule for next week. Please help me out. I'm not going anywhere. We're going to do some work on the house but I'd like to get some fun in in between now and next week while J.P. is in here taking my job. You know I'm going to come back and there will be a job for me. But that's you know that's having me for it. That's radio. No big deal. So what are you doing South Florida for a week and my mother's ruining the fact that you know she's there. She's at the house right now in the last time. And we were going to go and try to make the best of it. But the more I thought about it the the scared scareder the more scared I got because You just you just don't know. I mean the old man talks about his on a lot. There's no comparison at least his mom can cook. I would trade my mom for 10 of his mom at least one his mom is bitching at him at the dinner table. It's over a good meal. My mom didn't even have that. She's she's the perfect evil creature. And that's how I tie it in with the Monkeys thing the eighth thing at Monkeys jungle. I'll trade my mother for King the gorilla and they can put her in the cage with a glass like Hannibal Lutter and They can put a plaque in front saying the most evil creature that has ever existed on the plaque in front. You can have my mother in there and she let her decorate herself so that everyone can see you know the household that I had to live in with my mother decorating things all the crappy Decapized pottery that she used to make and the macromae wall hanging and all this other bogus crap that she just clutter up the house with that We're gonna build a big bonfire With all that crap we're gonna empty the house make a big pile of all the crap all of her day core There were carcass on top of it when she died and how the big bonfire and the whole family will come and we'll sing we'll sing and dance around the fire Dang dong, which is dead which old witch and and they can put her in the cage now she's never gonna die I'm not to pipe dream because that's what kind of an evil elemental force she is she will never die That we're all convinced of that who the white of people just peek their heads at the door open the door and talk to the man He can't hear you who is that it's Peter Leonard. Oh, hi Peter Leonard my best close Personal friend Peter Leonard. I'm gonna be talking about your boys that was her roofing later on now that it's just Pishing all over the place but not inside my house for a change for the first time in a little bit over a year and while we're Horing the show by the way. Let me mention because we talked about tars and all day yesterday, right? All day long talking about the tars and movie But we didn't talk about AMC theaters and I want Jeff Lynn at AMC theaters to keep sending good stuff over here Because even if we're not going to give it away on the air we'll talk about it on the show Just to keep more free stuff something all my neighbors Everyone on my block. Why know that has a little kid got free passes the tars then yesterday We kept the two shirts in the South animal. Thank you very much Definitely I'm gonna say AMC theater over and over and over again a lot And we keep getting lots of space passes And we'll be talking about wizard roofing a little bit later on too after we after we clear the air about King the gorilla Will the lady monkey jungle accept my mother a much more fearsome creature than King the gorilla and exchange for the gorilla And they can let the gorilla a noble creature go free or Over to the Atlanta zoo they want the gorilla at the Atlanta zoo they've been sending letters and everything Please your your a bitch that's fucking fit. You let the gorilla go back to the Atlanta zoo Liberty city hello or to the Atlanta is not back Liberty city hello hello yes, I just saw a little A little update on CNN about the wind course and a Florida Manipet counted decided decided what it's illegal for See me out to expose more to 75% of a breath Okay, well stay to how a lot of many teac County. What can I say? What does that have to do with the gorilla or my mother is the most evil person who ever lived ever lived in human history Hitler understand something Hitler was nice to the people around him Hitler's friends and his entourage and his the suckholds that hung out with Hitler They said nice things about Hitler They they were all very happy with him. They are he's a great guy This you know some people didn't like it the people that he was stuffing into the ovens for example My mother is the clean sweep is the very what eight? Hello, we're gonna take yes You talk about your mother that way talk about my mother that way because you don't know my mother do you I don't care oh I was never raised by a mother I was an an orphan asylum I was raised by mother either I wasn't raised by mother either my mother I think you've talked about a mother that way nasty she's got bang she's done everything in her power to destroy each and every one of her children and I'm the only one that speaks to her. Thank you very much of all of her children five of us who survived What she's better but she calls all the time. She's a sweet lady. She just this is you know She's sweet. I don't want to you know go on and on with her I'm the only one of my mothers children who speaks to her who has any dealing with her I'm made the only child at her funeral No, I take that back. They're all the other all of her kids will be at the funeral wearing party hats And making the you know the noise makers and the And that rattly thing that's what my mother's funeral is gonna be like I want him raised by a mother neither was I'm Neither was I raised if I had been raised by wolves now we'd will boy Tarzan Tarzan had a better upbringing than I did and and and Tarzan's gorilla mother Cooked better meals in my bitch of a mother ever did on her best day I would have traded Tarzan's mother for mine or kneels or anybody else about there And I haven't even gotten into the the best part yet about What's my favorite thing about my mother's her choice and men the wonderful stepfather's that she even flipped it on me Over the years the two of them that's gonna get into the Manajas Well, that's going on right now. I'm entertaining series about what's going on with my mother and the two Stepfather's all I'll get into that 21 till 1 560 QAN Okay, I can understand there will be no sad Coming to you be it on Saturday night just an hilarious new comedy that's my well fair mama now. What you can alone for dinner We got all of these sandwiches. Oh, Michael Ronian government She's big she's bad She's that's my well fair mama This is my worst fan shopping you could go down faster than did some bra That's my well fair mama Saturdays at night on uPN immediately following that darn crack baby only on uPN 16 till 1 560 WQAM what can I do for a week on vacation in South Florida and What's the name of the lady the monkey jungle who won't let king go to the Atlanta to do and be with his his own speaking of Tarzan and You know sympathy for the eight in that stone song so The deal with my mother and the step father's let me try to fill people in quick There was my father and then there were step dead number one the king of all crackers who I spoke about earlier on Previous shows and then there was man well the captain and the T. S. Army who spent 25 years in a Castro prison Nice guy really nice guy But as out of touch as any individual can be about life in America If he had gotten off a spaceship from another planet he could not be more out of touch plus his heart nice guy Too nice to deserve my mother Both of these guys by the way, but but characters crazy people the both of them and Then so she divorced the American actually she married the American guy Let's give names to these people so that I don't have to refer to them as the American guy in the Cuban guy How's that woody was the green go the king of all crackers dirt bags With some four white trash kids of his own it was the white trash ready bunches has said before And then there was man well The Cuban guy the captain of the pieces army he'd been over here Like a couple five years or something like that after he got out of prison one of those Political prisoners they finally left him out of prison and he came over here and they got back together They knew each other from their teenhood they dated a childhood sweetheart So whatever you want to call it that was stepfather number two She married the cracker woody twice married him divorced and married him divorced him Okay, totally this is a nutty thing everything that my mother does is a nutty thing and evil and then she hooked up with this guy later on Then well the Cuban the captain the army captain from Cuba married him divorced him in very short order by the way But they still hang out Who which one all of them hang out and they showed up at the house like two months ago where something like that all of them in the same car Apparently they went in third z on this car so that they could get around And the Cuban is driving He can't speak English. He can't read English signs But he's the one driving because his eyesight is better than What are the Americans? Understand or you follow me now and they're like What is like 80 something man well a 70 something and so is my mother because she was old She was old when I was born she was 41 I was born so They show up together like this old people Manajot's walk and And here are people who hate each other all three of them hate each other. It's not a love triangle It's a hate triangle and The funny thing is the others humor here man well doesn't speak any English and woody doesn't speak any Spanish and he's as big as as anyone can be Archie bunker would call this guy a big it and Here he is driving around with two Cuban to have no desire to speak English And my mother's the only one that has any ability to translate what's the lover? I mean she's she's by like her English is not great, but it's adequate She has a thick accent, but she knows all the words But she's so evil and I know this is going on constantly if one of them has the communicates Something to the other one my mother has the translate and there is no way that she's translating accurately There's no way that's 40 what time it is my mother says to woody men well says you're an asshole That's exactly the kind of thing that she would do and I'm wondering and and mind you there wasn't a day In the marriage of One with my mother that they didn't scream at each other constantly they never spoke it was only a constant screaming screaming Stupid Fucking Cuban And same thing with the the other old guy man well if you know but screaming in Spanish all the profanities Spanish constantly every day constantly And they're in a car driving around yelling at each other The all of all three of them just just this big yell fast yelling at each other why would people inflict themselves like that? But he well I'll tell you why no because no one can stand any of these people except them They're the only ones that can stand each other none of their children and they both both stepfather number one End number two have children of their own from previous marriages none of their children will have anything to do with them None of my mother's children will have anything to do with her except me Incidentally although I don't want to spend a week with her in the mountains Last time I was up there I left two days early. I couldn't pack fast enough. I was throwing things from the front door into the car Lobbing things across the lawn Into the trunk of the car and however it landed in the trunk that's how it stayed and I just jumped up on the lid of the trunk and And slammed it down No organized packing you know how anali I am you know how everything in there is all very Orvered and you know it's like a little geometry puzzle in there everything's all in its place And same thing when I packed the trunk but not this time just however it landed that's how it fell and then I slammed it night and I sped down the mountain almost so I drove the car right off the mountain I just let the cloud of dust Behind me and and didn't even say goodbye just Get me out of here so I know that's what's gonna happen again because my mother is anything She's consistent She's consistently evil for my good nice friend lady who called earlier consistently evil man and I could go on for Forget four hours. I've gone on all day long about Incidences in just my life and then each one of my siblings could take Turns one after another saying oh that was nothing. Let me tell you some good one So don't tell me about my mother man with all due respect it would have been better if I had been an orphan if I had been raised in In an orphanage all of her eating grew all at least I would have been eating grew Mobile and steward hello Mobile steward Hey George has a going now. It's going great. I actually had a hand in starting some of that thing with king with People aware what was going on down there. I'm gonna go for what's this bitch's name? Well, I'm gonna call my wife she works with The chimpanzees are ring attendants that were in courage jungle She would know I actually helped the kid that was an employee there as a young kid and he actually Video cameras and was filming all the stuff that was going on with king and then trying to get it on the internet to get people like involved And I helped them put it together that's what I do is video have you been there recently? Haven't been there recently. No because last time I was there. I thought it was great You know maybe it's because I was a kid. I was very impressed it was very lush and they had big tall trees and nice canopy flowers That was my favorite People just realized that you know that animal that size needs so much room and it's coming and my point is why does this woman need that gorilla there? It's it's my memory serves me correctly and happens to be a very nice place to go without having a gorilla in a cage as the star attraction Just something that she's got a thing for I think I like like you said before she knew that if she caused Controversy she would get attention and she's succeeding and it's that will hopefully hopefully no one will go down there You know that's aware of the situation no one will go down there and actually pay money to see a gorilla in misery You know That I can't imagine that I can't imagine that it seems like people should be able to you know To just put a stop to it. I mean when people in jail You know aren't getting their cable in three-gill in a animal don't have uh, you know the same kind of right So obviously it's ridiculous though and I'm not in the animal freak. I mean I got a leather house My house right now You know it's gone wait for my leather couch to come in and I get a love it and I'm gonna love it Not if it's a gorilla and it's you know eight by ten whatever excites cages just it's just It's it's it's a little wrong and and yeah I have a little bit of an affinity towards the primates because they are very close relatives And it's just even I guess if it was any kind of an animal just sitting in there an animal that was a social animal And it's obvious that the thing is going crazy Yeah, when I watched the video footage of it it was just it was a following. I mean I have it all still and stopped that You know the girl just kind of sitting there and it would it would be you know Doing all kinds of things with smacking his head it would be rocking it was it just nothing to do and then It had chimps for years ago. They had chimps right next to it Yeah, and that would drive it crazy because there are enemies in the wild there enemies So he knew that he had chimps right next to him and that even made him more crazy I'm gonna call my wife what call you back. I don't know thank you very much keep up the good work Lady and homestead hello George this is Darlin, homestead. Hi Darlin how are you pretty good just want to let you know that that ladies name is Sharon Dumont Sharon Dumont right I'm writing this down go get her Okay, that's fucking bitch. Thank you very much. You got her okay. I mean I just can't understand that I mean all right I understand people have a business to run yada yada yada Don't think they're on the verge of bankrupt see. I don't know maybe right maybe an advocate maybe this Sharon Dumont would like to call and explain her her Her redness action so far from what I'm told from the wife She hasn't responded to anyone she hasn't responded to Jane good all Kevin Neil I mean obviously, you know she doesn't have to respond anybody if she doesn't want to it's America after all but I just It's hard for me to imagine that kind of cruelty to this you know and it's a beast and To sit there and watch it bang and a tent up against the wall or something And what's the deal? It's a nice place at least at use to the I don't know somebody who's been there recently called me up and told me It's still the the nice rain foresty place with the little Capuchin monkeys running all around You know and the given breakyating through the branches and everything well it was great It was a wonderful time that I had as a kid the swimming monkeys the little monkey estate They dropped a bucket down because you're an occasion yeah, but a peanut in the bucket As long as the monkeys are interacting with their social animals and yeah, they well That there's a gate that's the best part. There's a fun part. You know dodge the monkey crap take a hat Whatever you do take a hat and not your favorite one at that Hollywood hello Oh, yeah, I was gonna call about the dumon's family also. Oh, thank you. I did some work for a woman who was the caretaker for The old lady who originally founded the monkey jungle along with her husband and for years and years as woman I knew a lip of the woman to care for an active sort of as a nurse as a they she was promises substantial you know amount of money and I think a house and exchange for her efforts And the last I heard they were doing everything possible to try to screw her out of that And so this family is so they're just evil people. It is evil bad people. Oh, my god So have them yeah, okay. Thanks George. Thank you very much It's a crying shame that evil people find themselves in positions where they can do damage to other people or Or animals like that. I you know it's unconscionable to me and all the publicity that she's getting once again I can't imagine that people would go and pay money to see a gorilla being tortured And that's exactly what it is it's torture It would be torture if you were locked in the cage for 28 years without interaction with your own kind We don't do that's a prisoner no matter how bad they are They don't spend 28 years in solitary Evil child murdering killers don't spend 28 years in solitary But this poor gorilla who out as far as I know probably never heard nobody You know only ever spoke nicely of Sharon Demond and he's in the 30 foot cage banging his head against the wall And it could be my mother Now she deserves it she deserves 28 years in solitary she certainly deserves to have no human interaction because to interact with her is to regret it And that's that's hand down She might be able to fool people for just a few minutes people that don't know her But as far as the family members and everything go my my family has nothing but the deepest sympathy For my mother's children and they've always done everything in their power to compensate for my mother's in temper behavior Starting with her sister my aunt who Ironically is the nicest human beings who's ever lived And I can't say enough nice things about her but I'm not gonna turn this into a big happy success about my aunt Who they who the sweetheart nice to everyone who's ever met never heard anyone say a negative word about her ever Nor could they flawless Jesus freaking quite quite Jesus Christ is jealous of how of pristine and nice my aunt is my mother's sister Who also will not say anything bad about her own sister my mother whom aligns her constantly? Does that make any sense? But anyway 4 to 1 5 60 W Q A S no and yourself in an emergency situation What do you do what do you do? I know the food today We have an hour finger tips the ultimate phone that works for people to render assistance in any situation Yeah, yeah 911 right bro. It's 911 911 911 911 911 911 911 I'm so sorry that my soul's gone There's one better be having a club so doesn't hit okay This is way one who knows more than your mom no one just ask her there was no single person better Equipped to help you I can't get the lumps out of my magic potatoes And I told severe to shut up I want you to write some milk to the run 911 never had so much information been so close I just say lunch and I want to swim and so how long shall I wait? Thanks for being oh boy let me look at my calendar for this so your problems and shut your mom up about not calling dial 911 Mom right now and don't call me collect anymore 101 5 60 W Q A M I I can see it it's it's perfect The mom in the cage instead of king the gorilla the more I think about it the the more perfect it is She'll decorate the place with all our crappy Chachkeys show where her bad clothes Taceless obviously way too many colors clashing bad jewelry the big stuff you know and People can bring little children and it'll be like this big sheet of glass with with holes in it like Handable lecture because you want to hear what she's saying because that's that's the best part and and little children can go up there and she'll freak them out She will she'll come up with a glass Why Why don't hear that oh like I said Well, I was auditioning step-ter in the break. I don't know what I'm doing over here in this room But that's her that's her spiel About anything she she freaks out about anything except of course anything that she should be freaking out about about you know like Cooking the good meal or anything like that and she will she'll scare people people will come from the world over to see this Feeding this the most evil thing the most evil thing that ever lived Starvator has nothing on her she's she is without Redemption you could take every negative adjective that you've ever heard someone say about a human being and it applies to my mother and Every positive adjective that you've ever heard Anyone say about a human being cannot be applied to my mother. She is a Perfect creature a creature of perfect evil and An anti human She she would be the antichrist if she was Male although the antichrist according to the biblical predictions is supposed to be an Eft person a person of some charm and talent which my mother has neither one of those things too But she can sure decades of positive mean pot She knows how to she knows how to pour a bisc into a mold and Fire it up in the kiln and and make an ugly piece of crap And then the house the houses have always been surrounded by ugly pieces of crap That's the only thing that she's able to do not provide not cook not nurture not comfort not give any kind of good advice Just destroy destroy destroy and I say she belongs in a zoo she belongs in a cage So that the children can come and see so that doctors and spectators can come and see and let that poor girl out of there already Sharon Sharon do mom that's Fucking bitch you and my mom should both be in the cage together Lady for a lot or day a hello Hello, hello, hi George for hi. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good first time caller but long time with Sarah love yes I'm just calling about the monkey that that woman is a total bitch. Did you hear what did you hear what you said on the news last night? You're her we were trying you I mean I never have I desperately tried to find a story like yesterday We were searching searching and I just kept missing the story and catching like the tail end of it and just like a Lymph of the gorilla's ass right. Oh, okay. Well the only thing I heard and this has been going on for months and months Months and months. I understand that you know they had bought barker come down But what what her deal is she keeps saying to you know I'm gonna build him a bigger calm Oh, I'm saying that for you 19 yeah, 1997 and I just think you know this I'm not gonna do it because their social creatures putting him in solitary in a bigger cage isn't gonna do it Absolutely Like she knows that oh sure she does But her whole big deal is you know, oh I love the publicity because more publicity more people come in and see in a specific creature You know, I mean the woman is just what kind of a sadistic asshole pays money to see Creature being torture. I don't know my mother. I take money for Well, I think you had the right idea hunting. I think your mom ought to go in the cage And Let's it let King go to Atlanta world be happy, you know Listen, I'll go up right now. I'll go to North Carolina. Thank you very much. I'll go to North Carolina with my tranquilizer Done all I'll shoot a dart in her ass and I'll pack her down here. I'll stick her in the back of the full runner or or over the top The way we had a luggage rack on that thing. I could just throw her throw her Subdued ass right on the luggage rack and when she wakes up she'll be in the cage Hey, hey, I can't get the And it'll be great. I'm serious. It'll be a worldwide draw Bring way more people in there and she's a primate So she sits within with the motif of monkey jungle. How they could they could staple a fur coat to her back and pass her off as like a silver back Orangutang or something like that should be up there lowering the little bucket down. Yeah, oh boy I could just think of all kinds of monkey games that they could play with my mother You know put things behind the glasses. She wants to get to you know like like her children's throats And she'll like go running up and snack her face against the glass dodging the crap would be harder though Oh boy no one slings crap better than her. Let me tell you. That's why the little holes in the glass They have to be kind of up high or maybe they could get like the microphone and the speaker system set up Because to hear her is to really really appreciate it Let's let's just or hello. What's that there? Hello. Hello. Goodbye What that was one of those guys. Oh, it's the I told Neil it's the first day after last day last day of school was yesterday They were all running around with the shaving cream in their hair and all wet from the water balloons and everything Which is great? But then they're still all charged up the adrenaline hasn't worn off yet So the first day after last day is the worst day For the radio shows lady in Miami hello Hello lady Miami. Hello. Hello. Hello. How are you? I'm doing well. How are you? I'm enjoying your show very much Thank you very much. You're not all offended that I'm saying bad things about my evil mother Well, that's your prerogative. Well, thank you very much. I figured I know her I guess so people think that I want to have an evil horrible You know bitch of the mother like like I had some saying that like I was like I wouldn't wish that she was a nice person But I can't say that in all honesty No, that's your prerogative and as far as a skin gets concerned. I could be agree with you. Thank you. How did you not agree with that? I'd like to say that's a gorilla. Let it rot Who couldn't agree with that? Hello, yes, I'll just make you look you up for the correct. I'm done. Thank you very much though And if you have a nice day you're not even enjoying your show. Thank you, bless you. Bye. That was very short and sweet I thought she had a more to say I really really hate the tone system by the way She didn't have more to say you scared her does scared her was a yelling with a two or excitable But who who's who's for this thing besides obviously the Sharon Duman bitch who has the money to make Who else would think that this was a good idea to stick a creature like that in a cage for 28 years So that it goes stir crazy and bang the tetragons the wall. I mean, I'm not big on zoos to begin with anyway unless they happen to be these very nice spacious Metro zoo kind of things You know even then even then I mean it's best obviously to leave the animals right where they are unless they happen to taste good Which case I'm all for eating it I'll kill and eat it myself But they're gorilla men The gorilla is there's so and they're very gentle creatures by the way in reality for those of the people that don't know You know they've been watching the tarzan movie and everything like that They're very gentle nice creatures. They have their their aggressive displays, but that's as far as it is They just they pound their chest and do the aggressive display, but that's all that's all they're very nice to each other They're not murderous barbaric cannibals like the chimpanzees and humans are by the way 9 after 1 on 560 WQA A flight for each revolve for men Look at all the redneck girls The doctor's in the harrow in girls going to the bar to get for drinks Get me by redneck clouds like what you see each night on top there. What's put the fucking inventory Look at all the redneck's let's eat lunch at pizza house if they're green size ones or Walmart shorts nice with that lack of old with doctor pick up fries ransom along in Why all trailing heart In Bull rings and all his fat man velvet yeast welcome and sir bro their place a band join the tree One 15 on the street, take pride in her heritage and says, You set this field of advice, foundations of a Christian family, Oh and again, praise the Lord, and back in their sailors when they're poor. What would Jerry's bring her to without those redneck winds? Who was the f***ed dancer? One 15 on 5.50 WQA, I'm an exercise suspected, no one has any idea what to do in South Florida in the summertime. I knew I wouldn't get a single call about that, nor will we ever. So we might as well talk about that racing show. Well wait, you could go to South Beach. Ooh, ooh, that's a whole different beach, a whole different ocean down there. I could pay way more for food that's crappier than what I can get of in Broward. It's a topless beach while Hallover is a totally new beach, the difference being Hallover trackers, you could have seen people. Well that beach is beautiful, I've seen sight discussing people. And a mover and shaker like yourself, you could become a socialite. I think that's a good point because I have a whole week, so I think that I could actually find a parking spot by the maybe the third day. If I just drive around a lot, I could find a parking spot and go to the beach on South Beach. Nevertheless, let's talk about your racing show and what's that anacornacobo. The only reason that we're doing this anacornacobo update obviously because we have lust for her. I see only reason I'm doing this sports crack. Oh yeah, who cares about the actual matter? But she's apparently made the final of whatever she's in right now. So she'll be on television somewhere and I can't wait to see. Okay, as far as my show, we've got a little upscirt shot. Oh, when she bends over her. I've got it up in the office, the one where she's running up her skirt and you're seeing the little right panties. Yeah, you're not supposed to be seeing which makes it all the better. That's right. Back to this racing crap. That's the reason. This weekend at highly a speedway, we've got a pretty big local event, the professional shatters, California quickshined 125 and we've got a couple of drivers from that event. Going to be on Mike Franklin Jr. And Glenn Whitney. So they'll be coming on the show. We're also going to give results and qualifying for all the once in cup and card events. And it's going to be a great show. That's tomorrow morning at. I said, I'm, I've never heard it. I've, you don't have to hear it because you've heard most of the interviews ahead of time. Right. We're not going to get up at 6am for anything. And a corner called the Navy. I mean, the thing is there are a lot of people out there who don't have Kush jobs like you and I. Yeah, we get a war, et cetera. Those were the days. They got to get up to hear that golf show. Right. Right. So if you're getting up to hear the golf show, get up a little bit earlier and look into that motor sports thing with my good friend, Jo Castella. By the way, have we said AMC theater is enough lately. Tarzan AMC theater. Tarzan AMC theater. Thank you, Jeff Lynn. Keep something to good crap. Even if we don't get a, give it away on the air. It will go to good use. It'll go to feed and support a poor family. Mine and the neighbors around the. I weed and Dave passes to the, to the crazy neighbors on the other side there. You know, because that's what I'm all about. I'm nice to people even though they don't deserve it. Like my mother, for example. But Jo, if your mother's so evil and crappy, why are you nice to her? Because I'm a nice guy. Oh, no. People don't believe that. Yes. That's why. Because I'm a nice guy. Because no matter how evil she is, I'm not going to be a total bastard. Fort Myers. Hello. Hello. Fort Myers. Hey, how you doing? All right. You know why I'm out of the law? No. Why? Let you know. Please. Get off the radio. Okay. Thank you very much. Well, I have a lot of work to do. Thank you. You can get off the radio. Thank you. Okay. Thanks. But. You know, I'm going to get off the radio. And I'm going to be a guy. Because this is what you're stuck with while the old man goes away on vacation. He's not going to stay here every single day. Just to please you. And very soon, he's going to be retiring. I don't know what you're going to do when that happens. Why don't you practice doing it now, because it's going to happen. You're all right. Hello. How you doing? of the watch at Jesus Christ. Miami, hello. Hi, ginger roach. Alright. Hey, well, obviously that guy was trying to be a, you know, son of a bitch. He's just in denial. He can even pick up a plumber. I'm not lying. He's glorifying the poach or shooting the gorilla. He likes that. Yeah, we're just putting him in that same cage and seeing how he likes it. Hey, there you go. I say King is lonely. Let's take that guy in the cage with King and uh, you know, absolutely. So it'll eat love. Well, you know, George, years ago when I was a little kid, I went to this. I went to our Metro zoo is now and at least I don't know whether to same zoo or never been there yet. What the embarrassing. Yeah. Vacation. That's what I was thinking. Man, it's hot now. I can't chat on this zoo. Well, but see, I don't know what are they upgraded to or it's a different zoo, but when I was a kid, I went to, you know, you each had your standard zoo with the lions and tigers behind the cages, behind the big bars. And then now they have, you know, the the most around the, uh, the enclosures. Correct. And the doctors and the video of it. Yeah. Well, basically, you know, basically the bottom line is that people, the days of the animals behind cages are our pathway. And I would like to think so. Yeah. Well, I'm not saying totally, but basically, hopefully that's what we're going for. Right. Well, you can, I mean, people are more interested in animals in their own environment and cage because they're more interested in what, what would they do? You know, if they were here, if they were an African, people like, you know, the reality more than, you know, behind cages. So, and I think this woman knows it. And I would bet you anything that she's losing a ton of money. Um, I hope so. I, I, let me tell you, I'm pretty sure she is. And then this is pretty much the last, you know, effort here to try to get some publicity. Well, she's going about it the wrong way. She has some nice positive publicity by having a big public spectacle made of her, you know, hang them over to the end zoo. And they're, of course, they'll be the big, you know, the eight movers and all the media and everything they can make a grand event. And she should, you know, like a hero. Well, you know, I would bet anything that Betra Zoo right now is taken away from what used to be monkey monkey. Monkey, I went to monkey jungle years ago when I was a kid. And it was, I guess as a kid, I found it fascinating, but Metro Zoo is a lot more fascinating. And I think that a lot of people now are taking their business elsewhere, preferably to Metro Zoo. Okay, there you go. Yes, please, boycott monkey jungle. Everybody, everybody, all you tourists, we don't have any tourists. We don't have any local. So like I said, it's the summer. What am I wasting my breath about? I won't go. That's right. I won't go. I was, we were going to take the kid. I wanted to take the kid to all the, you know, places I used to go. I mean, this stuff, parrot jungle, we took her there. Prepasses. Monkey jungle. We were going to take the kid there and then this thing came up. I mean, it wasn't going to be like, well, maybe this week, that's the week we were going to hit all of the other local spots. It's off season. I'm off, etc. And so on. By the way, and you can help me vote on this. Maybe some colors will vote if the calls drop off, which so far they haven't. Mostly people would hate me. Blink 182 or fat boy slim for our musical guests of the day. I've got that one blink 1802, the one the song is they're not playing on the radio, which is better than what's my age again. And fat boy slim, praise you, which I like a lot. Blink, the thing about, the thing, the thing about fat boy slim is that this is Lenny's disc. Love your show, Lenny, listen to that tape. The fat boy slim belongs to him and he's going to want it back eventually. He's not a fact he came back for it already in nine. Like I said, it's not more time. Flat boy slim. And we've got a week to kill. So I'm going to save this for the week long vacation first week of July, although I probably shouldn't have said that. 1.22 on 5.60 WQAF. Yeah, but wait, yeah, but wait a second. This would happen sooner or later. I find not a thing to do that. And I know I'm lying. Why don't you be peace by? I thought that you lost what's been wrong. Cuz my phone is a Heytonicken toangan. Whose So make us any no one on the way I will have to know what matter John, why can't I have? Or when I get to know who we found out That you know so little too wide That's fucking surprise I got to tell you something about that I'm five ball then have a chance to do their job Now 127,560, WQAM 560,560,560 On the AT&T Wireless Line we have an animal activist in Palpano, hello Hi, how you doing? I'm good, thanks What do you got for us sir? Well, I wanted to thank you very much in your audience Today you're doing a real service for King That means to be seen, I mean all we can do is piss and moan It's up to the people that here it's actually do something about it Like maybe pick it, write some letters, you know Absolutely Whatever else to do Well, some of your callers are extremely well informed I couldn't have stated the case better And we do encourage people to get on the talk shows Just like they're doing right letters to the Harold And the seminal keep the issue alive and what you brought out George which is most important, avoid monkey jungle Don't let them get there That's stupid logic there I don't give this woman any more money She thinks this girl is bringing money in A fact stop the money from coming in She can't afford to keep the girl and maybe she'll get rid of the thing That's exactly true In fact when you mentioned Bob Barker's name surfers before when he was in the home He said that judging by their lack of ethics That only when King Seas is being a financial asset And becomes a financial liability Will they start to talk in the grocery? Right That's because our aim is Okay, okay, all right keep us during the crap Well, thanks. Thank you all very much No problem. Hope you throwing gorilla don't on the issue We are sure Can we go down there and be a little more proactive about this Because this is pissing me off That word proactive and break him out of there break him out of jail break Come on, let's do it. All right All right, all right Me and you your mind. Yeah, you're five five Who's got the tranquilizer gun I just I don't know I'll go out on the limb by saying this is probably an unhappy 900 pound gorilla there I mean, I know you're being ridiculous You're talking to the less I yeah. Oh yeah. I'm talking Let's get him come on help You're a funny guy. Why don't you are you're going to be talking about this on the racing show right Are your motorsport? Absolutely. We're now going to talk about right through the real off all fence You're going to talk about gibbons and orangutans and kapuchans What are the swimming monkeys called by the way? They have those two They throw the fruit in the water the monkeys die of under and swim in it's really cool But I'm not going to promote their their piece of crap park because they're gorilla tortures Sharon Duman gorilla torture Davey hello Hello Davey off Get off the radio Okay, well get off my ass. Get a life one more call and then it's It's going to be fat boys to win. Coral spring for love. I'm going to go to blink when you two are not on you You want you'd rather have the blink when it is you know what the way that's going right now We might have time for both of them All right What is it? What are you calling me? Name of the quest Uh-huh. Good effort, sir The effort I think you're already quite a today sir I think so You got a lock I think you're F.O. Well, so thank you very much for calling Q.A. I never thought I'd die alone I laughed aloud It's good of no I dreamed the heart got to the wall No wonder we would never trust in it all I just run on I'm hurry up The choice was mad I didn't take enough I'm too depressed You got one You'll be sorry when I'm gone Are you sure? You're so sorry You're so sorry You're so sorry You're so sorry You're so sorry You're so sorry I think my dream is gone I never thought I die alone I'm not a sick man Stop the unknown No No No, my things To all my friends You'll never step forward in my room No Close it up Or get up Remember the time that it feels a tough There's apple juice In the heart Please tell mom Is it not her fault I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man I'm not a sick man事 Guys Es What up? What up? You're a plunger. Wow! Oh! Oh! Oh! 25,5,6,DWQAM. That's Adam's tongue, by the way. For that, if anybody keeps track, track number seven on the end of the state dip. It goes in the whole thing tracks all the way through the CD and they just cut it off. It's a wrong place on the disc, I should have faded it. I knew it did that because I listened to it a lot and it gets better every time I hear it. Better and better. And then we've got what you call it? That boy's slim later on if people continue not to call. 5,6,7,0,5,6,DWQAM. The AT&T Wireless Bureau Beach, hello. Hello, Viro. Hi, good afternoon, George. I'm Thomas from first time, color. Just a quick question. I was wondering if you're in the mail having email address. I'll go to some pretty fun at home. Like, you can email us at George at nilraders.com. And George and I said that because Neil doesn't do email. Oh, okay. So email me and it hits four Neil. I'll put it up and give it to him on paper. You understand, it's paper. Okay. Okay. Thank you. No problem. What's this? binary breezes. Briny, briny breezes? How do you try to type? Briny breezes? That's what I'm saying. Right. It says, Brian. I George has been re-brezes, but nevertheless. All right. For a place to go next week. Yeah. About that. Fairchild, chocolate gardens. Fairchild, chocolate gardens? Yeah. What's that? What is that? So if O'Cottler Road, you see, uh... Tropical gardens by chance? Yeah. What do they have there? Well, they got our plants. Greenhouse, yeah. Plants. Plants. Looks for those. Orcad. Correct. Yeah. Animals. Insect hummingbirds. If you want us. Yeah. Yeah. One of the cool. A nose. Tengdues. Uh, I'm assuming the nose lately. Okay. Well, Tengdue very much. Fairchild's tropical gardens. Right that down, honey. Unless she's in a coma right now. Five different medication things for this pneumonia or whatever she's got a bronchitis. Five different. There's the inhaler. There's the one and then four different sets of pills that she has to take for this thing. Good timing, honey. Right. And before vacation, it's been my vacation, uh, you know, changing flumbuckets for, uh, very excited to do that. 23 till 2 on 560 QAN. I know. Hello, citizens. This is Batman. You know, even though I'm a fictional character, the lie to a problem is real. In other words, I may be from the comics. But there's nothing funny about why you came. So, what can you do, John and Jane Citizen? Hattle. That's why if you have the time right now, one out into the streets and scream your head off like a little girl. You're like, why do you gay? Why me? Uh, I just get it. You don't think that pants coming to your rescue, do you? Ha! I can tell you now. Suck up on Tengdues. Send with your audio cash from the bank and bury it in the backyard. But the capital of the African African continent, then sell your computer. It'll be about as useful as a fat signal at noon. You might as well get some money out of it now, so you can buy a generator and lots of gasoline. But don't store the gas in empty plastic milk containers or some unsuspecting more unlike wilden, like suck it down, thinking it's tasty. Then you gotta get it stomach pump by rushing to the emergency room. I don't want to do it in costume because people tend to laugh at that fat fan when he's not on the normal screen, five in drive. And they all waste these wilden because his outfit is so gay. But I digress. This is fat fan. When it comes to why you gay, don't feel joker. 17-2-560-WQ-A-M-560-10560-16560-18T wireless line. If you want to talk to me about why my mother is such a bitch. And I'll guarantee you that your mother and your bitch is about his mother constantly. I guarantee you that you were never subjected to your mother talking about her clitoris at the dinner table over a really bad dinner. Never, ever, ever. Never know sane mother would do that. Apparently for those who don't know that includes everybody. The second child's vertical tear. Now she just has scar tissue and she likes to share that with people at the dinner table. And anywhere else for that matter. And people ask me, oh, maybe that's why she's so surly. And I said, no, no, no, no. You can ask everyone else in the family. She was surly from the day she tore through her mother's abdomen with her demonic claws. And the day that she shredded and I don't want to use the word birth for my mother. Hatched wouldn't judge justice to those creatures, the lizards and the birds that lay eggs in the sea turtles. She was conceived by Satan. There's no question. If you want to believe in Satan, just to experience my mother for about five minutes. Let me do the scheduled thing. Hank Goldberg, I believe in the studios doesn't say anything here. Two to six. Then it just has done, Brennan. Is that talking baseball? See, I don't know from this. Talking baseball with Donnie B. Six to eight, 30, and then Marlins and Colorado Rockies. And then of course, all of that wonderful nighttime program that we have here on five sixty. WQAM. Miami, hello. Miami. You got the wrong guy, sir. He left. He left about an hour ago. And I know that's wishful thinking for you that I am because you want to date. But sorry, not my type. Miami, hello. George? Yes, sir. Yeah. A while back, you mentioned the fact that your family was from Galicia. Originally, yeah. I mean, my father's side, my father's side. You make a statement that the tubans call people from Galicia, Galia goes to that. Galia goes to that. Can you guys spend your day? And not only, people from Galicia, but all Spanish, you're called, Cayagos. The Cuban do? Yes. Not my family. Well, they are very specific. The Cayagos are the ones that come from the... Yeah, I understand. But the reason I say this, because I have a friend of mine from a story, it's originally, but he's my up and cue. A studio, no, no, no, my mother's side of the family is. So he doesn't like that Cayagos, because he's not Cayagos. And the matter of fact, it was my mother that was told me all that, because you know, the next province over is the Asturias. And the Asturians call the Galicia and the Cayagos. Anyway, nobody has any idea what we're talking about. So go ahead. Next thing. You know this fish stuff? This fish stuff? The significance of the fish for the Christians. Yeah, what about it? Oh, you were talking with me all about it. And I said, exios, and some guy said it was an anagram, but I thought the exios thing was funnier. Oh, well, there's an anagram for Jesus Christ, Son of God. Right, right. It also happens to be exios to Greek letter for fish. There's much more comedy in that. Okay, next thing. I think. I think. I said to go, hello. Yeah. I would say this guy. This guy, I thought about that. That crossed my mind. I'd been there for the Renaissance there. Like, yeah, I've been there done that. No big one. Maybe a, you know, you know, the Renaissance for going on maybe. But, well, even with that, that is a beautiful experience. Anyway, okay. Really, in the spice park. The fruit and spice park, you know, I could go down and say, guy, say, my good friend Chris Rollins down there. He's from the gardening show with when I was just a part-time. Yeah. The whole time. She's like the one trying there. Okay. I've never been there. He's, you know, the tropical stuff. Well, if I've been there a long time ago, but it was a long time, I can see. Okay. Well, thank you very much. Okay. Lots of tropical vegetation to see apparently. And that's it. I don't know. Walking around in the Sun in a tropical garden. Coral castle. Coral castle. Mmm. Been there done that. And so is the child. They took a field trip. Me too, ain't it neat. know the best part about going to coral castle is actually stopping by Shiver's barbecue on the way there. That's about the big deal. I grew up right around the corner from coral castle. It's part of the Redneck Tour in leisure city. How do you do that? Yeah, who? Oh, it's a mystery. You realize he was even shorter than you? He was like five foot two, the little guy and he built it all by himself. He did magic. He built it with the power of the, that's what they try to tell you when you go there. They'd be probably built up this whole machine. He used levers, he used levers and pulleys. That's all. He used levers and pulleys. Like same with the Egyptians built a pyramid man that used leverage. Yeah, but we can't do that. We can't do that. If we were in love with wood, mobile and plantation. Hello. Yeah, hi, George. Hello there. I listen. I got a few places that you might want to check out next week. Do you like outdoor stuff? Yeah, I don't like other stuff. Uh, West Lake. Can I rent a canoe over there? Okay, that's a good point. You know, I could buy a canoe and then stick it in the canal behind the house. What is it? Do you want to know what is? Yeah, you know, we're West Lake Park is. I'm going to look right by it. We're looking five minutes from there. Okay, cool. Yeah, they, um, they have two lakes. They're not for an lower right. Go around them. You see lots of birds and stuff. It's fun. Okay. You could, you know, holiday, Everglades Park? I know where it is. Fun. Okay, well, you can take a, um, an airboat right there. You know, well, hey, another thing, airboat ride. That sounds like fun. Yeah, they got a big one. Like 34 passengers. And I think they're in close. Let's cool ride. Okay. And everybody got done the airboat thing. All the years I've lived down here. Never been on one. Oh, man, this is my wife and I love outdoor stuff. Yeah. Then if you want to go up to my nice forward walk through a high print swamp. Mm hmm. I'm not in the underwater sports, but thank you very much. They harbor, hello. Hey, who was that the name of that band that you played before? That was Blink 182. I played the, the one that you're hearing on the radio now, the, uh, what's my age again? I played it first. Yeah. That's my story. I'm sticking to it weeks ago. Weeks ago. Weeks ago. Blink 182. Blink 182. Well, I'm under a good latest disc. Is there, is there, uh, is the rest there stuff like that? Three. The, the, the two previous discs were very kind of raw, skate music. You know, skate punk music. Very raw, but still good. This is, uh, this is their best so far as far as I'm concerned although I have to say on here. And I'll leave you with this one. I'm sure you'll appreciate it. I've been waiting for you all the week. We need to gain a job. But so good enough. And if you, I will put the way now by the, thank you very much. Oh, I have Spilky's now. I have a, a tight puckered scrotum now. Only a master of evil. Uh, I want to get the old one of the tools you would have to be able to. And, uh, there's just so many. I'm not going to, I'm not going to, I'm not going to revisit that. It makes me very sad about that other thing. And I'll, hey, by the way, I'm starting the micro machines toys came out for the new movie and I've been buying them. So there you go. Great. Even, even my, my disgust at the final product isn't going to sway me from completing my micro machine Star Wars toy collection. 10-2-1-560-WQ-A-N.