Sports radio 560 W2AM Miami board Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers show. You're talking Neil called 567 056. The toll free of 8A. More pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest callers. Or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. Be easily read acquisitions. No doubt. No doubt. Now, Neil Rogers. On Sports Radio 560, QAL. I'm sorry for all these. Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future. Act strange, and people will leave you alone. The rest of my advice has no basis, more reliable, than I own the Andering experience. Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first. Take it in a large bowl of rice, crispy, and sing feelings by the Colonel's close-knit crackle and tongue. Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hall where they say how much lick the stranger. Tell them you're from Bosnia and your country at the sign of respect. Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally ask the stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis. Do you know what I mean? I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, moan, a funeral. Play, go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working. Run naked through a mall, yelling, killer bees, killer bees. Say the word kitty without smiley. Try to figure out who sent Paul in sure if he'd star in movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids. Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it. This appears for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue. It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework. Ask Mark McGuire to take a million dollars for one of his books. Try to find the secret to keratop success. Understand your conception wasn't accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose. Take a bobcos system, plus a mama lawn next door. Go on a car crew, put bobcos system, force of the stay in his car suit. Try to dribble bobcos. Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness. Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really estimating. Wish no real will to anyone unless you don't like them. Then screw them around their own. Realize anyone who says that completely half of you are completely full of crap. Ask a healthy angel if he's a woman or has you always walked like that. Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them. Smith and old lady. Imagine gold repiled and a gay bar trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of you in a sense. Understand it, embrace it, protect it. And if it's so often, take it out for a nice notch. Kerano, not to care. Home while you eat. Act strange in people will lead you alone. 10 or 4 or 5 60 WQM. One last time I mentioned by the rest of the house sucks. Have I mentioned that recently? No, it does. Anyway, more altar boys needed at St. Peter's. The Vatican is discreetly advertising in perishes throughout Italy for more boys to serve Mason St. Peter's. At the moment there are 11 altar boys who take a turn. Who take it in turns it says. Who take it. Electricity. In turn through a score and a chart on adults. Not even So anyway speaking of Italy just had a call from my good close personal friend who George still hates like Poison Bob McKay program director of Kiss FM our sister station country Kiss and whatever that's written in the box good guy Bob McKay always liked him and Spide of that here a piece actually wouldn't have had that here a piece of horn for Bob Eisenberg and see Bob Eisenberg's philosophy is that if somebody else in the building works to silly as he does then he won't have to feel so bad is not the our philosophy is not important in life that you succeed but that everybody else looks as bad as you do so anyway Bob McKay calls me up which he didn't really have to do what was the nice gesture on his part to thank me for turning him on to the great hotel in Florence the excelsior the hotel excelsior which he in his lovely wife state for nine days I guess three in Vabinitia three in aroma and three in Florence forenza and had a great time state of crappy hotel in Rome that's because he didn't ask me about Rome okay I told you like grand or the excelsior couldn't get into the excelsior in Rome so he stated some horseball hotel in Rome but they had a great time in Florence he said and of course being the tourist that they were that of some serious cash on the pontive vacuum which is strictly a tourist trap where they sell a lot of very glitzy and overpriced jewelry and leather and stuff like that beautiful stuff but very very overpriced but nevertheless had a great time not to like in Italy maybe talked about the great people over there and if that isn't enough to get a started with a rolling with a roaring start today wait to hear this I'm not sure which I should read leather the first the hate letter about you or the fact you do another appearance in fact maybe the asshole I wrote the hate letter maybe whoever this is aka Mitchell Baron who decided to change his name with white out at the end of this two and a half page letter oh I take it back four and a half page at both sides maybe he'll show up to see you at the prime call because George had such a tremendous and you know the guy that was in the van that day with his family driving around now hopefully this Saturday June 12th it won't be the end of the world like it was today if you're listening on the internet any place else in the world just be glad you're not here which I'm sure usually you're glad you're not here but I'm gonna tell you it's the end of the fricking world as we knew it forget about the guy dim why two k-thing we're doing it right here in June man oh man it's the it's the uh two June problem why two j boy just I mean torrential rains and thunder and lightning all I long and my little dog dancing around the house just the whining and whimpering all fricking I long got all mighty that might have been a good idea calm him down a little bit crased so because George had such a tremendous turnout on his first appearance he's gonna do it again actually the reason he's doing it again is because he'll take the cash thank you it's the new uh superstar grand opening of prime code this Saturday June 12th it's his free food door prizes live radio remotes they're giving away some phones that have since that's a business there in come have your picture taken with a little pink guy are you like that never had my picture taken with a little pink guy although I can think of something I like that my picture taken with lots of family fun and George too it's written in there like in you know it's like an afterthought and George too free motor roll another purse pack for the first 500 people who show we're gonna have the uh bumpers well have those real fancy oh thanks Sam those beautiful those amazing QA and bumper stickers oh yeah the ones the yellow and blue and white ones you know that over yellow on the blue background the Santa's famous horn have those too so you can probably wear your QA and bumper sticker all over town or stick it on your back door somebody else's that you hate what's the time this Saturday June the 12th from how come the time's not on here 10 a.m. the noon it's in there something they're probably written uh as an afterthought no oh well let me write it on here okay because I want to make sure you get a big turnout 10 a.m. the noon at prime code this Saturday except I and C. George and don't call on Monday next week with excuses oh well we drove five but the dog had diarrhea and the kid you know cracked in the van I don't want to hear excuses like it's too early on a Saturday who gets up the 10 a.m. I sure is all done on a Saturday 10 a.m. the noon they can drop by last two minutes and say oh you're even now oh yeah they can stop by by five till noon grab the free stuff say it was nice to you and you George and get out of there which they don't really want to see you they want the free crap and who the hell would blame them nine minutes past 10 at five sixty wqm we got the support even the roughs and your Rogers look at all of the red tick girls all searching in air in the world go into the bar to get some drinks get me five red next last like what you see it's night on top there what's with the fucking country look at all the red next let's eat lunch at pizza house is there green sign one or Walmart shorts they sell like an old gift off there pick a thrash on the long and promised in the lower two free support somebody tell me why I'll travel hard to lie can't over to me those who from hell nipple rakes and bellies catman velvet he just well can answer brother plays the band joe in a tree he's trying to hear her agent says he says he's in the house foundations of a Christian family born again a praise the lord and thanks neighbors when therefore what's with Jerry's friend or do without those red next ridden who's the dead right off the thing is that by the way speaking of a Yahoo's in red next Jerry fall well after he got finished making up with the purple tinky wiki and had given a big kiss in a hug yeah somebody on a staff gave him one and there's a bit of a big picture last week of him giving it a big kiss in a squeeze in a hug and a tinky wiki too when I was on to the but light people which we love but light that's right here is their full page ad that they're running this one appeared in the advocate the national flag rag this week and it's a picture of two guys from the rear if I can say that and they're holding hands well two muscular arms I would say guys in your what like 25 to 35ish when you say that I mean you really can't tell because you don't see them you just see the arms in our holding hand and at the bottom it says be yourself and make it a Bud Light but light that's it that's very simple and well Jerry fall well's pissed off about that he's always pissed off about anything that has to do with facts real or imaginary I bet he's wild about the wild kingdom I mean he must be psychotic about that he must even be upset now that we found out the dirt swallows how much he's uh oh spit and blood or something. Falwell crowns king of beers first it was tinky winking another Reverend Jerry fall ball is taken on Bud Light for having a little bit too much hoppin it's step. The far right Reverend urged fallovers to protest against Anheiser Bush after the company launched the gate pride ad campaign showing two men holding hands but Bud hasn't budged in a statement regarding the ads which are running in gate publications including the end of a good company official said today's consumers not one of a specific gender raised geography orientation we appreciate respect the views of all of our customers period and basically Jerry fall well go to hell and don't come back. Oh this guy I'm down town yeah but like I've always told you it was the same with Hitler with every crazy person without a scapegoat they can't get anywhere. Everybody's got to have a scapegoat so they can get power they can make the big bucks whatever it is that they're looking for in this case both and of course Jerry fall balls become basically the laughing stock of the guy they're in front for you okay especially I mean taking you like you wasn't bad enough now he's going after Bud Light's bots. Crazy crazy hateful sick people by the way I want to thank my good friend in the Obama's Louis Louis which I did get your cards finally after I got off the earth on the card in there and he's got his business card in here loose a hell of a guy he sends us this pamphlet dear believer which you might say oh it's very well written in the beginning I thought Louis wrote this to me this up comes to find out it's from the freedom from religion foundation our good friends up there in Madison Wisconsin it's great and I'm gonna read it you know what we got to do we got to make up we can't make copies from this because it's not that good but we ought to like have it typed out you know what I'm saying and send copies of it out. I'm sure they'll send more you think we'll call them up. You have their number no I don't know if they have a number but they got a PO box but yeah we should have about 50 thousand these mail them out everybody. Dear believer and it's got a picture of the Holy Bible on the front and it's got a warning tag on the front page of the Bible is his warning literal belief in this book may endanger your health and life with a skull and crossbones underneath it. Oh yeah great thank you Louis and Obama's okay in my book you know what I mean? Yeah I'm fine. Yes you are I'll get to that in a minute. Here's a derail hello. Hello no yes. Hey now some here pondering how I'm gonna clean up over at that little get together with George the Saturday. I didn't know the last time he was done in home for since I worked in Midnight Shift and I'm actually upright now when I should be asleep so I'm glad I got this bit of information. Right and I'm thinking how many things can I get for fake oaths in there? Well let's see they got those they're given away some phones they're given away those free motor roll other first packs you'd look lovely with a motor roll another first thank first 500 people I'll make it into a fanny pack because people will start talking no but I mean no about guys who wear fanny packs how many guys will have many people they're expecting over there? I'll talk to the first 500 they get some other motor roll or first pack. You talk about optimistic yeah yeah there's a lot more than just George or he's like an afterthought okay they got they got the little pink guy he's gonna show it. George I will be there buddy with those on and listen on other than the paper today we're gonna get a woman's back to model association. Oh yes that's just what we need was here to sports in the WNDA in Miami owned by the Miami heat does anybody care? No absolutely not. That will not drop and I'm gonna tell you the lesbian lady who was very nice and called yesterday who was bitching about the ugly bull like suffered Disney World she's gonna really be upset when she sees this crowd of a chicks if you that if I knew that term. I mean you can't you got more learns you got the he you got the hot. We've already got 75 times that nobody cares about we got the the in what do they call that arena football or how they go to the hot car or football indoor everything and he still have indoor bull dikes. You can't sell anything unless I grew with you on those life beer commercial I love them with a frog in the ferris right the greatest okay. All right now you take what says bring something. All right I think it's George like bring 499 people right bring 499 other people so they can give away those spaniacs. One thing about a guy that's wearing a fanny pack you look at him and write away you say to yourself he's an asshole right do I have anybody particular in mind? Uh-huh yeah. The god would a fanny pack well I'm sure got his ass came at the macaroni we won't see him again next season. Pain in the ass terminal boring the inquisitor the grand inquisitor what's that doing his job there I guess was busy asking everybody 5 million questions including us. Bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop you know like that. Oh guess what I went to public slide in the pouring rain and I tuned over to 58 to see if my friend Craig wording was on and he was on. Uh-huh yeah. I'm WSRF-1580 so I thought you were applauding the Craig even though I'm not returning his phone calls because you know I'm just not I know that makes me mean I haven't returned his phone calls for about three months why am I not doing that I don't know because I'm just I'm just saturated with all problems you know normal had that 800 pound tumor removed from his public and it just you know too many my plate is just so full with stuff you know I'm saying Craig don't take it personally unless you want to but I wish you the best of luck he's the only real broadcast around the station and what brought that to my mind is yesterday what was the guy's name done sure what sure what oh my god even and sure what for us to laugh at this guy oh I do this I do yeah you do it all right not on this stage you do it on a make police station okay I do this I want you to stop and put yourself in that position and this isn't the first time it's happened by the way over the years I've had several wannabe broadcasters calling on this show including some while they were on the air remember those they it's like three times done sure what and it's right is you know while you're on the air because they were on the air because they're looking for real audience which they haven't got they're trying to suck off if I can say that the near Rogers audience and believe me if you've seen most of me might change your mind but I'm serious they're trying to siphon off from from me to a and I got news for you it's not going to help I do this I do it no you don't do this you're terminal you're a jackass done sure wood you're on a phantom radio station it's just a tragedy that Craig were the and I know we all got to make a living that he has to wind up on air but at least he's you know at least he's eating I guess what's spot he was going you know I don't dare say it what lives spot he was going into when I turned on last night pizza lost no restaurant though begins with an s s c oh oh not scoogant yes and I went oh scoogant hey we all got to eat like I said scoogant oh woo that that's gonna be a great idea for you to make your next appearance and there one of the Saturdays gonna go so great I've been July me George at scoogant oh joists count but I bet it'll be there too I could work my way at the sloy me you're exactly that will be big when we have doctorackins out there at sloy me about the twenty miles off the coast do we here's a model in Hollywood hello yes sir I mean oh Hawaii I've got to get brother I don't have any hangups with gay people but this weekend I was in Walt Disney yeah and and the same way there's blacks and there's miggers and the same way there's good white people and trailer trash yes there's fags and there's flaming homosexuals I mean Queens yeah that totally disrespected Walt Disney what Walt Disney stands for I know you're gonna say why did you go because I've been there before yeah and wasn't a big deal but this year the Queens were out and it was terrible there was old man with young guys on these shoes yeah disgusting all right it's not our right when you take kids it's a family oriented that's absolutely right it's a family-rated thing and I think it's disgusting and gross in the very humor's but no it's funny yeah I was laughing yeah I thought it was funny to feel a bunch of books see I got a whole new attitude I've seen you know I've got different things like guilty had changed my attitude about this radio station which I love it here now and number two I've changed my attitude about these these exhibitionist type people where they're camping up I changed my mind about that and you want to know why because for years those of us fags and believe me there's a lot more than most of you people think out there we've been like you know all your all the every time you turn around here's some guy and some chick smooching you know on the bus about there in public and okay we put up literally tolerated it died of no interest to me one way or the other but if there are two guys like holding hands got for a bit hard like kissing oh my god our children so what's the big deal okay no cares no you're the people are kissing each other all the time it was in the holding hands and it wasn't it was old men it was about a bunch of screaming queens camping it up right I want to have the right I had a great time anyway it was fun to see but it wasn't good for the kids okay and I think that taking it a little out of control it wasn't a little teach those kids to run my cow when they're freezing it comes out with a leash I just wish some of those fags would jump back into the closet and pull it down a bit okay all right Neil okay I guess you see I'll do it okay you're me this okay yes I am I'm the greatest make no mistake about that just ask me I'll tell you see uh just like this picture I wish I wish we had the TV thing I wish we were on whany for like 30 seconds no more than that so people would see this ad it's you know just a picture it two arms basically that are obviously guys and we're holding hands oh my god Jesus Christ and it's in a game magazine is that running like a timer newsweek oh why the hell not and let me ask you this how come Jerry's reading the advocate I wonder you know he's got his people out there mind that was disanticky winky and here like two weeks ago maybe he's like coming out pretty soon if that's uh maybe Jerry's gonna come out like an allure king show he's got to keep a breast of that gate plot but press on 26 after 10 at 5 60 wq a m today's fair eight nothing more bush then sports dog radio that's why here at 5 60 w q a m in keeping with our macho image we're proud to present the breads summers and sandy patenshoes starting this Monday join Britain Sandi as they welcome their guest Rick Taylor not to mention sideline reviews from Greg Lewis famous in the public bad boys only on 5 60 a m test 31 a q a and we can't afford to play at a feed beef oh any more so we're gonna have to make some changes in the morning show beef oh yeah so anyway if we could just write like a convention center like a big room with the holiday unit or something and have the whole conglomeration of the chronic colors and the chronic factors in that room that would be worth the price of the mission don't forget the chronic letter writers and the chronic or we'll get to that in a minute you're celebrating for that I can't wait but anyway all I did as mentioned about jury fall well in the board light and all of a sudden this asshole out here so it's a fact is me the same 20 pages that he facts me six months ago that our rich red someplace else beside old news about jury fall well in the the Clinton uh that all the the tape about Clinton and all all of a sudden crap and it's all knows okay how the Reverend jury fall well and a California political organization health finance and orchestrated an extensive anti-clinton propaganda campaign okay very interesting about a year ago it was interesting it's old news and it's in a waste basket in a waste of a lot of facts paper and as if that wasn't good enough now we got another chronic who now now has changed his name okay but can't change the material because he repeats exactly the same facts that I had like two weeks ago which he's crestballing that I didn't read it on the year and I'm still not gonna read it on the air because basically he's an asshole and now he's got a new name Reggie from Boko probably like a close brother-in-law to Veggie from Boko after yesterday show which proves that he listened yesterday and he's listening again today and it's listening every intervening day and between waiting for me to read his facts which I'm not gonna do because it's a waste of time giving me a verbal lecture here of the song of dance on paper about his problem with his show is about the religion and you know something I'm gonna talk about whatever and how I want to talk about including reading this thing from Lodimera of Freedom from Religion of Foundation in a minute and I don't give a crap on you like it or not sir I couldn't care less and then well you also need to get your act together on gun laws yeah I need I need to think just what he thinks and of course we know who this guy is because you know the voice you I know the voice immediately be called you recognize him with this kind of sending the end of the law attitude there you go Reggie from Boko like he's got it the end of his facts is you're about his funniest cancer of the lip okay and don't give me any oil boy it's just if you could only be here on the inside for a few days a fly on the wall and see the crap that comes pouring in here if it's not on the phone it's on the facts like yesterday yesterday for a Monday was spectacular not in terms of volume but in terms of the quality we had some of the craziest past you've ever talked to in my life yesterday it was an award winner I should I should get like 10 weeks extra pay just for talking to those assholes yesterday we had the drunken bitch we had the uh just so many I can't even begin to to uh you know I'm saying one after another after another oh and by the way the rascal how said this guy we get a guy called Donnie be on a morning show it's 20 after nine this morning comes in here to report that one of the old quannics that you recognize that voice too oh we're taping your show today on behalf of the rascal how's we're gonna get you off the pound that a teddy you're so old and stale you're older and staleer than the goddam rye bread give me a break like I said when a goddam convention center and just put all these losers in there just take pictures of it put it on America's most tragic home videos I don't know whether I should get to this letter right now because once I started to say a mammoth piece and again from your handwriting we haven't figured out yet exactly who it is because they got a phony name at the end which rarely the any of these assholes sign a real name god forbid and of course you can understand because you'd be embarrassed to defest up for writing this kind of crap like this guy haha what is facts read you from Volca for your original sir brilliant I only wish I was half as smart as you are although I'll take my paycheck thank you here's a mobile in Miami hello hey yes sir yes I am I hear you sounds just like hey yeah this is which you rich you're friendly neighborhood sex addict yeah what I was wondering if you're in a video keeps sipping up and off on the back there uh I don't know if you're so so far on the news about how about the radio is it a cell radio yeah you're in a cell i mean what can we do for you today richie and it's very short yeah so what can we do for you so I was wondering maybe you could give me some read don't some latina cool it cool-o-colonia yeah okay so when are we getting back to this letter like I said well I wanted to take a few of these calls here first because I don't want to make the same mistake I did yesterday because these people are very busy you know they got their ears out another great reason to live in South Florida by the way speaking of people in South Florida I've always told you this and it's the truth I get a letter yesterday and I told you I was trying to think of Sean's last name and his father the dentist and I couldn't think of the last name as Ernst Sean who was in over high and I was at Northwestern University in Chicago and the whole his whole family are big list of the show god bless them and the Sean especially so I just mentioned him on here and all of a sudden here's a long two-page letter from Sean and in the middle yesterday the only part of which I'll share with you is the fact that well the first part being that after he heard our show we inspired him to go out and buy the Brittany Spears CD he says she's something else in a music isn't bad either while you're half right Sean from music blows but I guess you might too but anyway he says now I did hear this to prove my point is if I need to prove it and this is a young man who had never been to Chicago before went up to the school in Northwestern which I told him he would love it he says I'm coming home June 12 but only temporarily I'm coming back here meaning Chicago June 23rd to work the school of journalism has got a summer program for high school kid he'll be an instructor counselor supervisor etc. how do you like that so in other words he's coming home for 11 days and then he's going right back to Chicago and getting the hell out of here in fact you I make support mentioning in here that I'm probably going to be taking as many vacation as I am as I can this summer to get there a lot of this place I mean yeah they had some nasty 99 and Boston today it was 95 in Portland many yesterday they're swattering their spits it up there but you know something it's not here and what do we got we got like torrential like the end of the world it's either feast or famine either it's so bone dry that the state is on fire and you need a gas mask just to leave the house in the morning or or you had to get out the orders and of course you don't have good to driving is here on a dry road well just multiply time 50 thousand when you see your up to your armpit and water like this morning people broken down off the side of the road blocking a lanes people do the side that they don't want to drive on one lane because maybe there's a little bit too much standing water even if there's not people go in 18 20 miles an hour when it should be going 35 and 40 winners no goddamn excuse like on hiatus road this morning I my estimate is it took me about seven hours to get from sunrise to Broward Boulevard down hiatus this morning about 20 and a half hours and it was raining you know it's hard but not like the end of the world on that particular spot with their standing water on a road no was there any problem there was there anything blocking a road no just a bunch of security cat assholes who shouldn't be behind the wheel of a vehicle of a moving weapon assholes assholes in cars that's not Florida for you baby 75% of the people out there driving they should have their licenses revoked and about 50% of those people should be in behind bars right now for attempted murder but have a nice day so there's like I said another example young people when they can get out of here man that's that's the answers part of the question of what I was talking about the last two or three years about the summertime once kids get out of school and even the college kid you think that they might be coming back here they'll come home you know to say hi mom and dad and the dog and sister and brother and you know and get a little more cash and then van Lucigan I get out of here I mean who the hell in their right mind is going to stay here unless they absolutely have to and that's you know it's just a way there's a lot of people resent the fact that I say that two freaking bad it happens to be true 21 before 11 and you know just when you're sitting on that plane as long as it's moving in some other direction as long as it's leaving South Florida say I'm not really all that concerned where we're going we're leaving here and you're going oh yeah for the sucks tonight the historical general presents oh that's you didn't know with Jack Birkins we're all familiar with the role of Michael Carly only played by Al Pacino in the godfather movie but I'll bet you didn't know it was originally cast for ex jet squirted back Joe name here's some rarely say put it to Joe in the role of Michael Carly only it's my home it's my home where my wife lived and my children needless to say he didn't get the job but join us anyway tonight on the historical general board how thank you it's no you can't speak but he sure could play it's 1044 at five 16 other a little reject that's what I'm actually on about is a little reject they've taken over the whole god damn country so one of a couple of things in the newspaper before we get back to that great to dear believer thing first of all here's a letter to the editor which I don't fully understand but I do understand the part of it just enough because I was out of town in Vegas that weekend that this refers to nevons at new low rights Vincent for Chichio speaking of the godfather well just that kind of the name but to don't take it personally for Chichio maybe uh dee c'estilia nevons at new low the column by buddy nevons on May 28th is a new low even for him by what justification does he believe it's the reader's business what the social orientation of anyone is when I want to read the stuff of garbage all by the inquire where nevons has been eaten content and the person who allowed this to be published is no better I didn't mean to calm so but again it reinforces what I told you before and that is that buddy nevon this finally come out of the hysterical homophobic closet that uh some of us weren't aware that he was in for a very long time until he started becoming a little more overt about it I saw and buddy I'll be consistent you asshole and speaking again of uh see goes back to what I said about the god calling about Disney World a lot of us we've tolerated his business about you know the guys mooching with their wives or girlfriends or both in public and on buses and wherever else okay we're not gonna complain too much big deal not the end of the world but if two guys should that mean like hold hands or god forbid in america if a guy should kiss another one like even on a cheek oh my god it's a bunch of faggot's what'll they do with your foot of our children as opposed to like in europe or even they had children even in latin ages the guys kiss each other on both cheeks when they said like I've put it this before in Italy and the pope don't say a word he's just jealous but he don't say a word he better not because they'll give me a tag in salute so anyway Jose lam beat who I thought is getting out of town here already this guy's been doing the longest going away of anybody I've ever seen in my life allegedly to get married I think is what he wrote you believe that oh yeah he's allegedly getting married south florida inside of an asun sentinel and here we go again I don't mind like I said it's nobody's business what anybody else is doing as long as they're not harming anybody but when people go to great lengths to put on his phony facade and then I have to start wondering myself are people actually paying somebody's columnist to write this crap is that possible don't miss a post I have I mean I have the one information to confirm that but I'm just starting to get a little bit suspicious because Jose lam beat seems to be working overtime to portray a particular image of America's the world's newest harterob at the end of this column under sightings he goes on to tell us that Miami harterob ricky martin closing up with salt reactors catherin zeta jones at the mtv movie award center tonight in Santa Monica, California that's all it says but of course the obvious suggestion closing up with well I hate to break the news to you Jose but last night they showed the previews on mtv of this uh... big affair coming up the eight million awards you're the year and it's only the middle of june and it's the award for the best on screen kiss of the year and there's ricky martin and here's this very uh... saltary uh... bitch and and he's given her like a little pecan a cheque okay as if to say well this is an introduction to give it a way to work but i'm not going to get too carried away because my boyfriend will get upset you know what i'm saying Jose you follow what i'm saying you jackass i'm serious i wonder how many of these people around the payroll of the PR people for these various people for try to put on his fully persona or however the plural is a persona you follow what i'm saying to get my drift uh... sick of it nauseated by it little pec on each cheap just a little uh... pecorino yeah because he's looking a lot of our pingo local there's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir come you didn't go to this and will you big money uh... you've been by the call yeah they very good how long they wait our hope for that you dump spick how come we're not in a van or right now fighting the good fight okay go over there and get a take the bearded one and stick it in his rectum here's a mobile in four-laterdale hello hi i do it here okay sir all right uh... one pony town man one pony town go ahead yeah this is uh... this is my amy sauceman my amy sauce yes uh... i'll call you three things uh... i don't get anything uh... you got a lot of it that you don't get it uh... it's not that he listens to you and yes let me tell you i just not listening to you because of uh... a friend of mine uh... you're ready to show and uh... yeah i like you pretty good uh... yeah and also we are here in Miami socks we are out of the amomification and i'm going to my fan other this time and it's not yeah and i'm trying to my mom's house that's what's big because let my brother and they got broken into that well that's my amy for you man that's my amy he said uh... crap yeah and number three was that it was that number three yeah i was number three man okay i'll stick to your me this man good luck uh... okay don't do this again oh boy like i said everywhere you look you're like driving a work this morning look to your right look to your left there's another banana boat everywhere you look always good to have a banana boat with the uh... or is you know life raft just in case on days like this so here's this hate letter for George by the way now that i have some time to do it after taking these last couple of brilliant calls dear kneel and again this is very familiar and other chronic handwriting keep that in mind is i read this long missive and isn't it interesting by the way that unless it's from somebody i know like my friend Sean which is like a personal letter but most of the mail that we get is from crack from chronic hostile because like i told you for twenty three years that's what this town is all about a lot of very miserable people who want you to be as miserable as they are and i won't i refuse i'ma happy camper man i'm ecstatic life is great oh right dear kneel since you claim that you're interested in learning what your listeners have to say about George Rodriguez built with a g by the way filling in for you on the year and since you don't let any criticism of George go beyond the slightest spell s l i g e s t slagious degree and because you're not interested in doing what is best for your show and are instead interested in doing a favor for a no talent nothing for the obvious reason to try to make a name for him because of his intention of getting his own show someday i'm writing to you to tell you what you already know but will never admit because unlike everything else where you tell it like it is in this case you will tell it like it ain't and if you have any guts at all you'll read this letter in its entirety on the air and i'm not reading it because of that challenge there i'm reading it because i find it so amusing you are very opinionated about other radio talk show host and radio personalities about both on your station and other stations from the present and the pet and you are always right on the money in your opinion or marks about them and tell it like it is and there is no way in hell that you honestly feel George with a g has the slia is oh this time it's slious s l i g h e s t the slious bit of talent and belongs on the air you claim that you listen to him one day for half an hour when you left your show early one day to go to the airport and you did find and now that i know how good he is i should go on vacation more often in quotes if you did listen to him for that half hour that is 29 minutes and 59 seconds more time than you need to know that he has no talent at all and doesn't belong on the air however if after listening you truly believe people on the air don't you think you should listen to the tapes of the entire show as they did filling in for you to confirm that rather than insisting that he stays on the air no matter what anyone thinks and that you will never go back to playing tapes to previous shows that's interesting that it says i underlined that no matter what anyone thinks because didn't i take a pull on this after you filled in the first couple of times didn't i take a pull on this yeah and didn't the overwhelming majority of the people say if they have to choose between the tapes and George they'll take George yeah so again no matter what anybody thinks more bullcraft pal another big buzzer for you it is obviously don't want to listen to his tapes because you are and then like i'm gonna sit down and listen to a four-hour show of anybody oh no way jackass it is obviously don't want to listen to his tapes because you already know we have no business being on the air and you don't want to waste your time and before the death like everyone else listens to him because no matter what you hear you'll keep doing him a favor and let him fill in for you it's bad enough that you've let it get to the plot where George can actually be considered your sidekick on the air because of the fact that he's constantly budding in and blurting out things over the air some of which you encourage however since you're still entertaining you'll listen to his force themselves to put up with him rather than stop listening to you yeah sucking up to me ripping George in ass and the sucking up is it doing any good oh no giving him his own show is another thing letting him fill in for you is the biggest yoke in history of radio he has about as much business being on the years you have being in bed with a woman maybe he has some intelligence but that doesn't make him a talk show host and either does the fact that he comes up with topics relating to his fellow who the oh's and either does the fact that he thinks he's real cool and talks like a street punk in his loving coma inducing his boring coma inducing terminal monotonous way misbellish by the way monotonous you'll always get some looses out there who'll say that George or whoever is on the air does a good job but you know as well as I and any normal objective person though and normal I think that normal people right letters like this are normal objective person though George is about about absolutely positively sucks George makes Alan Courtney sound like he bubbles over with personality Alan Courtney would do a better job at his grave the average person off the street would do a better job than George even brother Mike Lans would do a better blind Mike would be a major improvement you've also already stated a started to try to make a name for George by having him do remote appearances at card dealerships like I have something to do with that look I was even aware of this one coming up Saturday I saw the sheet of it sitting here okay you're saying yeah yeah oh I'm making a name for him by having him go out and do remotes at card dealerships with commercials with him saying this is George Rodriguez a WCM is Neil Rogers show like I have something to do with that of course not there is not a GM of any radio station in the world even while stone out of his mind that would even consider putting George on the air even for one second the only thing that no talent nothing is good for us to answer the phones and put colors on hold I'll see you're good for something he couldn't get a job on the air on a station with zero watts at 13 o'clock if you didn't know George and heard him on the air you'd blast a hell out of him like you never blasted anyone before I guess you're next if any of your attempt to get George's own show will be threatened to quit the station unless they give George his own show very truly yours and the name is there's a white out changed and then like traced over Mitchell Baron phony name phony pilot and if they don't give George his own show I'm leaving how do you like that that's right starting tomorrow because we got a new producer for this show so we ain't here today but he was here yesterday is that amazing or what I mean like a page after page spewed with a you know I'm always telling you about the fact that there's no there's no a passion for anything in this town the only thing there's passion for is hate hate sending it like all worked up and if you can just you can feel the venom coming off the pages of this of this scroll piece of crap the same time terminal tired boring handwriting that I've seen a minute times before and sooner or later we'll come back to me just exactly which asshole this is by the way the same old colors the same old factors the same old terminal letterwriters old and tired that's offload of old and tired the walking dead the driving dead and thank you so much for your perspicacious observation asshole four minutes before 11 and five in fact this guy here to a little bit of you with the other guy the suit will actually that guy who has to send verbatim the same fact again that he sent two or three weeks ago because he's wounded I didn't mean it then and I still won't read it now we like that I wouldn't waste your time with that crap give me instructions on what I should think of what I should do to what I should say and by the way pal here's something you want to do blow it out your ass oh We're here with a number of all the tanks in here, but you're cold for a penalty but you're going to get it cold, but when it's five, you're going to get it cold, this is the your number eight, you're going to see, you took it up the far, the town, I'm saying they broke it all, it's just revamped, so you're going to pluck. Okay, so I'm going to throw two of these five skits, you're going to see where you're going. Okay, enough already with it, enough of the flushing, as they stand along Island, enough of the flushing. So anyway, my good friend, my close personal friend, Lou, in the Bahamas. Yeah, that one. So we sent me this thing yesterday in the mail and I look back at the very end of it. It's from Freedom from Religion Foundation, Madison, Wisconsin, which I will also name the woman from there. It's been years since I've been talking to Amy and something. Anyway, they put out some great literature and guess what, they're still alive. Unlike Madeleine O'Hare, who is along with her son and a pickle jar or something somewhere, they're still alive and going strong. And this is the, we're going to have to get a whole bunch of copies of this because this is the definitive, the perfect response, all these idiots that keep handing out these religious leaflets. And by the way, anywhere you go in the world, and especially in North America, any big city, you walk around downtown and almost anywhere, and there are these crazy people handing out religious pamphlets. And you always say to yourself, oh my God, it's a crazy person. No thank you. Let me move right on by please. You think it's just a coincidence that maybe it's crazy people handing out this religious propaganda? Oh, I don't think so. But anyway, next time anybody tries to twist your arm or give you the religious song and a dance, having one of these pamphlets would come in real handy. And I quote, It says, Dear believer, you asked me to consider Christianity as the answer for my life. I've done that. I consider it untrue, repugnant and harmful. You've expect me to believe Jesus was born of a virgin and pregnant by a ghost. You believe all the crazy tales of ancient religions. Julia Caesar was reportedly born of a virgin. Roman historian Soutonius said, oh, Gustav's body, bodily roast to heaven when he died. And Buddha was supposedly born speaking. You don't believe all that to you. Why do you expect me to swallow the fables of Christianity? I find it incredible that you asked me to believe that the earth was created in six litreful days. Women came from a man's rib, a snake, a donkey, and a burning bush, smoke, human language. The entire world was flooded, covering the mountains to drown evil. All animal species, millions of them wrote on one boat, language variation stem from the tower of Babel. Moses had a magic wand, the Nile turned to blood, a stick turned into a snake, which is wizard and sorcerers really exist, food rain from the sky for 40 years. People were cured by the side of a brass serpent. The sun stood still to help Joshua win a battle, and it went backwards for King Hizikia, men survived unated in the fiery furnace. A detached hand floated in the air and wrote on a wall. Men followed the star was directed into a particular house. Jesus walked on water unated. Fish and bread magically multiplied the feed the hungry. Water instantly turned into wine. Mental illnesses caused by demons. A devil with wings exist to cause his evil. People were healed by stepping into a pool of angels. This embodied voices spoke from the sky. Jesus vanished and later materialized from thin air. People were healed by Peter's shadow. Angels broke people out of jail. A fiery lake of eternal torment awaits unbelievers under the earth. While there is life after death in the city, which is 1500 miles cubed with mansions and food for Christians only. If you believe these stories, then you're the one with a problem not me. These myths violate natural law, contradict science, and fail the course bond with reality or logic. And if you can't see that, then you can't separate truth from fantasy. It doesn't matter how many people accept the delusions inflicted by holy men. A widely held lie is still alive. If you're so gullible and you're like the child who believes the older brother, who says there's a monster in the hallway. But there's nothing to be afraid of. Go turn on the light and look for yourself. If Christianity were simply on true, I would not be to concern. San is on true, but it's a harmless myth which people outgrow. But Christianity besides being false is also at Horan. It amazes me that you claim to love the God of the Bible, a hateful arrogant, sexist, cool being who can't tolerate criticism. I wouldn't want to live in the same neighborhood with such a creature. The biblical God is a macho male warrior. Though he said, thou shalt not kill he ordered death for all opposition, wholesale drowning and mass extermination, punishes offspring of the fourth generation, ordered pregnant women and children to be ripped up, demands animal and human blood that will pierce his angry vanity, is partial to one race of people, judges women inferior to men, is a say this to created a health torture unbelievers, created evil, discriminated against the handicapped, ordered virgins to be kept as spoils of war, spread dumb on people's faces, sent bears to devour 42 children who tease the prophet, punishes people with snakes, dogs, dragons, drunkenness, swords, arrows, axes, fire, famine, and fantasize, and said, father should eat their sons. Isn't that nice? Would you want to live next door to such a person? No. And Jesus is a chip off the old block. He said, I and my father are one and he upheld every jot and tidal of the Old Testament law. He preached this same old judgment, vengeance and death, wrath and distress, hell and torture for all non-conformist. He believed in demons, angels, and spirits. He never denounced the subjugation of slaves or women. Women were excluded as disciples and as guests that is heavily table. Except for hell, he introduced nothing new to ethics or philosophy. He was disrespectful to his mother and brothers. He said, we should hate our parents and desert our families. So much for Christian family life. He denounced anger, but was often angry himself. He called people fools, servants, and whitehead separators. Though he wore that such language put to you in danger of hellfire. He said, think not that I'm come to send peace on earth. I cannot send peace by the sword. So much for peace on earth. He rationally cursed and with it a fig tree for being veering out of season. He mandated burning on believers. The church is complied with the relish. He stole a horse. He told people to cut off hands, feet, eyes, and sexual organs. You want me to accept Jesus, but I think I'll pick my own friends. Thank you. One of Jesus's many contradictions was saying good work should be seen and not seen. One of his mistakes was saying that the mustard plant has the smallest seed. The writers of Matthew and look couldn't even get his genealogy straight, contradicting the Old Testament and giving Jesus to the scripted lines through Joseph his non-father. I also find Christianity to be morally repugnant. The church of the Bible is a very important concept of original sin, the pravity, substitutionary forgiveness, intolerance, eternal punishment and humble worship, or all beneath the dignity of every intelligent human being and can look with the values of kindness and reason. There are barbaric ideas for primitive cultures, cowering and fear and ignorance. Finally, Christianity is harmful. More people have been killed in the name of a God than for any other reason. The church has a shameful bloody history of political ideology against the new Christianistrezwear. We are not listed by the legal privilege of the generation of priests,  we are standing on our side! i am an anti-aut analogous writings on f cling to our f clingy identity. Now we implement a biblical religion that includes the Tr at the falus FranviHe speaker and religiousing in traditional Christians, and Brother, who founded the BIICican who's two I think you're like that. Then it's got the address of the Freedom Permalision Foundation. Peo box 750, Madison was constant 53701. We'll give the address again. And we'll get a whole bunch of copies of these. And make them available to people with a brain. How do you like that? You don't have to read the whole child's table. And look, there it is in about three and a half minutes. Right there. And so well said. And all these other people out there condemning and hating and pointing fingers and pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, and burning and hell. Get some mental help before it's too late. Okay, free your brain and emancipate your brain and let it do its thing that nature gave the ability to do. Think. Thank you so much. Our friends at the Freedom Permalision Foundation. 10 times to 11 and 560 WQA and Petito. God. Oh my God. He's mighty, they're good, they're good. He's mighty, they're all great, man. Oh, me, they can't catch them. Oh, me, they'll break them. Oh, me, they'll break them. Oh, me, they'll break them. Oh, me, they'll break them. Oh, me, they'll break them. Oh, me, they'll break them. Oh, me, they'll break them. Oh, me, they'll break them. Oh, me, they'll break them. All right. 15 at 560 WQA and the arrestation for people that have brain-larged their penis. Okay, even the women. Now one call on a board and that said you would have thought we'd have had this tremendous response after that after that miraculous virgin thing, which we'll get a bunch of copies of those by the way. can't fact in anybody because it's a it's on a yellow thing and it's long and it's you know just the not possible. It's long. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line and headgober to show it to we got a double header today whether from it in the Orioles and Marlins at the P.P. Park starting at 330 so it's either hang from 2 to 6 or hang from 2 to 330 and the weather mantle the server that we got baseball and that capital after the game is of course. Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello. They know how you do it. Okay sir. I have a suggestion with the piece you just read maybe you could have it put on your website as a file or something people could download and put it off. Excellent idea will do that. Yeah that might that might work at low somebody's beaming at me. Speaking of articles I don't know if you there's a June 7 issue of the New Yorker it's on new stands now. Yeah. There's a tremendous article in there about the decline of the Miami which is a scribe in large part to Dave Lawrence as well as the fact that Miami turned into a banana republic. Right. It's a great article. I don't get that. What is it? It's the June 7 issue of the New Yorker there is a wedding cake on the cover a drawing of a wedding cake. All right. It's a great article. I just came from plantation. I'm I don't live too far from where you are. It is absolutely outrageous there the flooding. There's a canal about to overflow we might need no in his arc. I think 40 days and 49 sons are reasonable to me. One more night I'll build it we won't need 40 more. Yeah. All right. They will be doing John all those boufotodes anyway. Oh God. Okay thank you. All those boufotodes that are good friends of you of Embrot in here from South America. Thank you so much all those rocket scientists at the University of Miami brought us boufotodes. And my dog's thank you for a few weeks not. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. They meal. Yes sir. I'll tell you what that thing that you were just reading a few minutes ago. All I can say is how do you do that brother? Right. Amen. I tell you I mean I'm so sick and tired of these people with their religion shoving it down your throat and it's just gets me I am a bulletin atheist. Good. I have a bulletin atheist and I can't help. There's a lot more militant atheists. And only because these other people want to jam it down our throat. If they just do their wrong thing and leave everybody else alone, no problem okay but they won't do that. Right and it and I still because I was under the guys are in my whole life on growing up in church, Christian school all that and when I finally read about it just a bunch of garbage it feels like the blindfolds been taking off of your eyes and now you can finally see you don't I mean exactly. Anyway that way if you reach in I wish I could get a copy of it. Okay well well I'll let you know what we got them. Okay. God bless you. I love you baby. Okay. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. The cat's got their tongue out of course is usual and of course it's also the end of the world out there which you know like I said every time it's like this we should have a captive audience that's what I would think. Is anybody playing golf today? No tennis? No. A lot of outdoor activities? No swimming at the beat. No. No. Sure not a captive audience but it's a little gone all contrary they're afraid of course that the next the especially now after I read that. The next bullet of lightning you know that'll be the end for all of us. Have you explained to the people that we only have the one copy we can't make copies we can't mail them? I just got you saying that we can't do we now we'll be getting or going to try to get a bunch of copies of this and at the free least if we can't get copies from these people which I'm sure we can because they've always been very cooperative in the past but if we can't so we'll have a typed out like you know want to sheeten them we'll send them out. And I'm going to get a phone number we're going to go on. So if it's like five seconds and then that okay would be nice just give us a little bit of time okay because George has got a digest that hate letter that we had before. He's got a digest all of that critique before we can work on this other thing. Are you tore it up? I was going to frame it. Yeah. I'm going to frame this okay with a phony name. Nothing like you know these ballsy people out there there's nothing I'd be in anonymous whether it's on a phone or writing a letter with a phony name. That's always my favorite. Spinalist, gutless, jellyfish and thanks for listening to five 60 QA because we know you're out there every single god damn that this show was on whether I'm doing it. George is doing it. The dog is doing it. It doesn't make a god damn but a difference okay. Thanks so much for your loyalty and get some help. Here's the four-laterdale. Hello. Neil how are you? Okay sir. How you're fun let you know that I work for your major sponsors and we listen to you every day? Great. I got a quick question for you please. Woo, woo, I almost hit them. We just bought a house on wife and I just bought a house and has a big day satellite. Right. It's my first experience ever dealing with satellite. Why is it when I turn on a lot of things it says subscription not available or showfills like on G5 and all these different things. How do I go about getting all this stuff you know? You know the best thing the best way to do it is go out to like a bookstore like to you know any borders or Barnes and Noble where they have the magazine section and get one of the satellite magazines for the big dish not for make sure you get it for the big dish not this small dish. Okay. Like satellite TV week that's the one that I get. It's the big dish better than the little dish. Well and I wouldn't say it's better but I mean you know you get a better picture because it's a first generation picture but you get the magazine and then you'll have a listing and they're of all they like superstar connection and all the Turner TV all the different programmers and they'll give you a listing of all the different services they got available and then you you know you can call them and find out how much it is and what you want what you need. Movie sports whatever you want to get. Okay. It's a reference. Okay. I just want to say hi to all the guys at mobile one and we think you're great. All right. Thanks. Thanks. Thank you. 5 6 7 0 5 6. Oh gee here's my good friend Dr. Mark I haven't heard from an accounsege. Can I say hey oh man how are you? All right. All right listen it's about time to redo this series. No it's not. Okay well we've got a shot eight weeks is it eight weeks? Just about? No. I know you can't look whenever you like but I've got another two weeks I would say. You got it. Because I went out and got some good dive on ice cream last night but anyway. Okay anyway. So I take a lot of full of cans. By the way I'm taking that anti-hombo-sustine uh... Corporation for me. Yeah. Very good. And I feel less homo than I did before. Really? Yeah. So you got from a five to four? No. Six and a half. Oh really anyway. I thought Dr. Actors and I went down to uh from 250 pounds. Great yeah I mean I can listen I got no clothes. I have to I have to go to my storage space and find all the prior Dr. Mark clothes from like the 70s and 80s I'm going to be wearing like yellow straight bell bottoms. You know I haven't heard another word from Dr. Actors and my former friend bobbling can read those people since they sent me a piece. In fact it was that you were going to be there that Sunday and uh he was having an appearance and they sent me a press release that Dr. Julian Wittaker was going to be there too. Wittaker what Wittaker wasn't found? Oh my god. I could if you gave me 20 or 30 hours I could tell you what I think of Dr. Julian Wittaker because I have subscribed to his newsletter. I read some of the crap that he puts out and I'm embarrassed for Dr. Bob that a guy like him that he's connected with a guy like Julian Wittaker. Oh I was just told by a very very uh well rather authoritative friend not a medical person but somebody who's been involved that Wittaker got this fabulous unbelievable program in uh in uh California where you spend days but you know every time I'm talking about the I'm going to spend something but I think it's going to dollar sign in the future. Yeah well I'm not I'm not really uh knowledgeable enough to say uh what it is or isn't what it's worth but every time I see one of these really really really big programs it takes weeks to do. Yeah it's not exactly attached to the university I wonder about the validity of the whole thing because we talked about science of validity before and I just think there's a lot of entrepreneurs out there but you know how I am about that. Yeah well he's one of them. Okay well listen anyway uh you know our main uh absolutely your uh this is an additional look forward to seeing you sooner like that I think uh you'll be amazed at how I wear my clothes these days just amazing. Well how about me you'd be amazed at how I wear mine too. Yeah the shame is the last time I saw it. Fat okay she's okay I'll call you soon. Very good. I like Dr. Mark he's a losing weight like crazy on the it works it works so we just a lot of us can't do it. So anyway we're getting back to this good diva ice cream. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Well before you're really get serious out of the ice creams you're supposed to go off and go on a carbo load and what better way to do that than with ice cream. And I've seen the uh good diva advertised in magazines but I wasn't aware that they sold it like it. You're supermarkets and low and beholden on my public last night and uh I'm in there to get something else so not for me for Johnny wanted some of those little dove uh ice cream, those little bits that looked like dogs with turds, those things. And low and behold I opened the thing up and there's good diva ice cream and I thought well one of these can't be all that bad. Talk about expensive I don't know because I don't check price you know when you make the bucks that I do you don't check price in the supermarket and not a shnore whatever it is it is. But they come into container and I look on it 12 and a half ounces. 12 and a half ounces not a pint of minus 16 ounces right 12 and a half ounces. So it's got to be probably 6, 7, 8 bucks of pint and it's very rich this was like chocolate, pre-lean, truffle, something, good diva. Very rich but not not good you know I mean it was okay. You know and after he took a couple of scoop out of the thing I did finish the rest because I don't like let me go into the waste but uh so that's about eight ounces that's not that's a half of pint is that a big deal? No half of pint no. So the people yes at the freedom from religion foundation are very nice. Yes they are already getting calls even though we haven't given the number out. Right other people have uh that's a good finish it is that thank you again my pie's on down at a Bahamas what was his name Lou? So here's where the people can call to get their own copy. Well they call there and get their own copy. Oh yeah he bugged them not us and they're very nice and they have lots of other material that they'd be happy to send them to send a bunch of these and a whole bunch of crap on anyway. I used to subscribe to it. 608 256 8900. Yeah but that's a long distance call all. Oh I mean you know it should be worth it it should be worth 20 long distance calls because it's such a brilliant little piece but uh 608 256 8900 and uh and the name of the brochure is dear believer. It's great. In fact come and I wonder if they'll send out like a bunch of you know they're sending us a bunch of great excellent. Oh God bless the freedom from religion foundation and God bless us and God bless Lou from the Bahamas for sending that to me. Yeah I love you they in the mail thank you Lou. That's all you need you don't need a big song to dance just hold that up okay like wolf bane or like a big cross hold that up in front of their face all these rub believers that want to twist your arm and make it off for you can't refuse. Oh we're trying to save you we don't want to be saved okay go save somebody else like he said in Godfather 3 love somebody else remember that? Yeah that was Vincent love somebody she didn't love somebody else and look what happened to her huh what's he heard no more what had bad over acting oh my god it's so fear copula Jesus 26 after 11 at 560 W2QA and that is the biggest pile of course crap I have ever seen in my freaking fracking way. Ben's on that Friday in the car so big mob when you got a hooker and got a little jiff like that was like in the middle did you notice that that happened one other time too last remember please take that low what's that oh you brinzen acto come from those jay jumping in pleasant in a white friendly way a sense of humor to make someone chuckle I thought through they cause women's needs to buckle you was caught by top in Hollywood they said that he was up to no good Ben's on that Friday in the car so big mob when you got a hooker and got a blow jiff get a hooker and get a blow jiff in the back of the key went down on his knob cop broke it up they saw her head bob when you got a hooker and got a blow jiff English don't have sex they drink too much team unless you're part of the royal family but you were not like that he's no regal star so it's got a hooker he got a blow jiff get a hooker and get a blow jiff in the back of the key went down on his knob cop broke it up they saw her head bob when you got a hooker and got a blow jiff he got a blow jiff yeah you got a blow jiff are you I was just so I was doing great with you so that was EJ that just stuck his head in the door there his ugly yeah whose 80 years since I saw him last anybody remember EJ and DJ from the day to day oh of course not he's much less smart me than I ever pictured him oh really he he doesn't look anything like he used them I mean there was like a vague resemblance I haven't seen a guy like in the 10 years at least and I'm supposed to recognize him oh no any had a really bad henna maybe you could get some hair help from our friend Bob Eisenberg down there I want to give you a yeah right a bad hairpiece here's plantation hello holy Christ I'm in plantation I'm drowning over here hey Neil you know what I'm gonna do tonight because I'm all jacked up and excited for it yeah after dinner I'm gonna smoke a joint and I'm gonna watch Brian Norcroft yeah it's he's really gonna be going now he's already gone crazy he had the reds and the greens and the yellows it was like kind of like a rainbow flag yet on the weather last time you know this is this is a tropical wave yeah so it has something to do maybe he can you know push the more on it you know and and force the the reds the flow the flow over Florida I know I like how they do that when they're looking at the map I want to do like give you the real thing you're new right you listen about that cheeria that that peachy road yeah I'm gonna get my road I didn't write it I mean I bet you red I'm gonna get myself a copy it out there and I said I had a I had a I had a priest friend for 17 years and turned out to be a lunatic and I dated a girl that went to Liberty Jerry Fullwell school and for two years and it was really enlightening on how not to be and how hypocritical everything is I mean to preach against sex and then to do things that she did to me was just a blatant contradiction and a blatant hypocrit and it just it it lightened me between those two things so that was race Catholic and then I'd learn that side of it and then I know I'm gonna lose papers and the articles and the more priests and the molestations and I mean and the money back in the church right and it's just and it's just like man you know what are you people doing they just don't want to wake up I mean you just got a bunch of people out there would close minds they're going to be in stolen from them and locked away for a rainy day and now it's a rainy day so I figure why not bring it out to I'm a firm believer in that they pray on the week they put those kind of people those preachers and stuff pray on the week PREY right I'm serious and and that's who's easily the most easily acceptable that kind of stuff and that's why flourishes in the south because there's nothing else to do there okay sir god bless you I bless you I love you Neil get out the yours I've had now there okay say you know here's the fact that says the pamphlet you read from the feeding from religion foundation was one of the greatest moments in the history of your show that's so really correct unfortunately most likely get negative response and lastly we have an at a negative response yet because nobody can respond all the fact that are in there how could anybody respond negatively when it's all laid out very clearly in fact I left it out for time over consideration every time I mentioned something in here it gives a biblical reference Leviticus 2118 to 23 or chapter 21 versus you know so every every human in listen here it gives a biblical reference so if anybody doubts that these are things that are just being made up were said all you got to do is look it up in the good book okay and it's in there just like an attribute he saw it's in there it goes on to say I've already called an order an entire box full of the dear believer track we need to badly that by you it isn't and infested with religious ignorant assholes this is the perfect response to their unbiter than you attitude they can never leave you alone I love the phrase mental emancipation from the pamphlet that's exactly what these people need to do free their minds they're essentially brainwashed and their dangerous all right says Eric thank you Eric what I do with that phone number oh there it is one six away two five six eighty nine hundred dear believer we want to have fifty million people call for that and everybody else out there that wants something to throw in the face of all these damn intolerant assholes they want to tell you how to live your life of what to think and what to believe screw on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t wireless line here's for a lot of deal with ten question mark hello readles a douche bag yeah like I said 85 thousand question marks brilliant sir thank you for waiting ten minutes to come up with that okay brilliant your ingenious your rocket scientists and guess what no one did they kick your ass out of New York five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t wireless line will wait here's Kendall hello hey on the oh yes sir okay that's how many we get fed track six oh wait two five six eight nine hundred okay okay okay that I was great yeah however I do I I have to agree and put an extent with the spirit of what the gentleman in the that's a fact that you read this morning I have to agree with they're not agree with the particulars back agree in spirit with what he said with what facts the one company much more than one of the one I was a letter let's get our facts straight okay I'm sorry the letter uh I'm not again not particularly a bit in general Georgia okay Georgia Georgia's funny Georgia's entertaining money comes on is definitely on for kids crowd whoever they may be as opposed to Neil Rogers audience and it is not entertaining to me well I want to ask you who's it who's it's not a run over the computer I thought there's a particular I'm not thinking about down in this with you right but no I'm gonna say this to you after George was on the front there there are two things that I keep in my mind okay I'm not talking just I George I'm also in regards to that can I say something okay I'm sorry okay three things number one I listened myself okay in the beginning George needed a lot of work and every time I hear me sounds better okay peep talk show host aren't born overnight number two uh I took a poll on the year a couple of times I've done it well they rather hear a Georgia the tape it was no context it was overwhelmingly did rather hear Georgia the tapes are cancer they did and and number three uh what was number three number one was my listening number two with oh yeah and and and used to be every month in the trends when I would go on vacation there would be a dip because people tune out they won't listen to those best updates they've heard it before now since I've been doing the out with George filling in we don't have those dips I think all right well again Georgia's in charge and he's a little bit of you there's only comes over on the radio when you would it's right it's a quick little thing in his funnier whatever quick little thing yeah but when he's our myself it's it's freaking ponders okay and also another thing that gentlemen brought better than about what if that article in my career for a city like her new times up the stuff of the games are doing now in regards to uh yeah okay he called up and all you said was looking to the first one to sit there and bash religion or what how come you are preparing to run something that is disgusting is this and say you know I don't have to do with religion and I've already had a sure you asked the question I'll give you the answer you asked you what does it have to do with religion and nothing with religion and I'm not the gay community that would self you always are against sir do you want me to answer the question why do you bring it to religion religion has nothing to do with it I was people are doing irresponsible sex acts like bearbacking think of or he talked about months ago this is not a news story somebody new times what they haven't really found an old issue with the advocate for months ago this is not something new it's an old it's disgusting to me it's irresponsible and it's pathetic but it but as far as a lot of other stuff like action and you know it's interesting to me that a lot of straight people like to like they like to know uh create this big web over gay people all we're all perverted and we're this and we're and then when you're we're you take a look at straight people they're not a less perverted than gay people are they're in the justice much s&m is not more so they're in the justice much anal sex they're obsessed with anal sex which came to the shock to me last year so this business of everybody pointing fingers at each other if people are doing unsafe sex it doesn't take a genius to figure out it's irresponsible and should be condemned and I condemn it okay no matter who they are all right okay I appreciate that but what does that happen with religion? no no I just I brought the religion thing is because it just seems that again you did set me straight in regards to the dog. okay god bless you okay. I still don't understand what it has to do with religion other than of course religion is always condemning homosexuality and everybody else too unless you're doing in the missionary position don't forget the rest of you are condemned to burn the hell to yes the freedom from religion foundation you have a website you know yeah and they pamphlet it on it oh www.frf dot org think you say ff rf dot org after the ff ff rf dot org that's it okay right 20 till a new at 560 WQN pop up by the repulsors you more come and listen to my story about the man named head a arbitration went here in voices and it says oh then one day he will steal and count a weird he moves to Montana and prove himself a feared crazy that is cycle path strange eyes well the first thing you know it begins to prove that his head has a uniform or do that California wears a truss on a piece so they loaded up the shack and move it carefully in the day your equal here's men his lawyer says that has to praise the head if you don't believe it just read his man of death says he did it cuz he hates technology and that's why he mailed all these people saying they mailed all letter bomb looking cool well now it's time to think about it and hit him to thin and he was like a thank you folks and pain that you've been you're all invited back again to say okay to be to buy the first dinner is on a biography to be a movie HBO Jerry Springer y'all to be now you here I'm 46 at 560 WQM I'm El Anticristo and we got the hangover show to a clock who's also Jewish by the way and then we got Marlon baseball on the URLs with double header maybe whether permitting a 330 okay five look at us see this is the what's the fading about doing the show in this market this is what and the facts was right that was one of the great defining moments in the history of my life reading that thing on the year it is so are well articulated it's so perfect and we got two calls on the board here they got nothing to say and like I've said before about this time it doesn't matter what it is you picked the topic it makes no difference unless you're given away three bees unless you're taking a poll they got nothing to say about anything unless of course it's your discrowd whatever the hell that man yeah you're you're crowed it's just amazing that the tortured conclusions that these people come up with from what I don't know 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's David hello hey Neil how's it going okay sir I was spoken to you since about 83 that's only 16 years that's not bad I don't want to be a chronic anyway you said something at the beginning I was just excuse me beginning I was show about follow yeah number one how why is he reading the advocate and number two I didn't think that all these Christians would be drinking and I was really good anyway oh yeah so why are you going to have you do a good respect to what they go to those conventions and vagus and gamble their brains out and get all those hookers in the room well I was thinking that before he probably has a staff of people who are scouring every magazine every publication to find things just like this so that they can contribute to his agenda of hate at the amorcash yeah right and also thanks for the web address because I did try calling that phone number but continues busy how do you like that good job Neil okay thanks yes either calling up there they're not calling me that's okay you can call me anytime call up there and get some of these leaflets and then next time here that that knock on the door you know from those your hope is witnesses where these other good religious people are want to like you know impose their stupidity on you just hand them on these say have a nice day and get lost okay crazy people yeah like well you go I go to Toronto I love Toronto but you'll see on street corners up there just like you do in New York in another major city there these weird strange people and they're handing out these pamphlets on street corners and you look at them and you say just stay away from me okay stay far away from me here's North Lauderdale hello hey Neil what's happening yes sir I just wanted to say thanks I picked up that book farewell to God right that borders last Friday and I finished it before the weekend was out and all those Jesus breaks has spent every day reading their Bible need to pick this book up and get a clue no I actually what they ought to do is read the Bible and you know because if they really read it they'd say what a bunch of crap this is but they don't really read it they pretend they read it and they can selectively give you a chapter in verse because that's been you know stuck into their brain yep from the inception selective piety man that's right but that's about it Neil God bless you have a good day and may the Lord keep going the preserve five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless life what are the defining moments of our lives here today for all the cares but that's the soft load of effort away and then this guy before that wants to draw some parallel between my knocking religion and as a bunch of irresponsible people and let me say the same thing I told George during the commercial break I've been a lot of place that may not have been to China and the Far East but I've been all around the rest of the world pretty much a lot of different places seeing a lot of things and in my experiences I haven't discovered that homosexual people, heterosexual people, bisexual people are any different they're all horny they're all screwing around and they're all doing a lot of the same things and then some but it's a hell of a lot easier for some self-hating queens over there at new times magazine to put something on a front page is like that so that they can stir up you know the old stereotypes in the old paranoia oh my god look at those perverts and thank god that all heterosexual people are using protection when they have sex thank god for that here's Hollywood hello I love okay great here's a mobile in Miami hello hey I'm gonna have to go in okay sure I know I'll use the direction what if you the very few times I do it on using protection this and I called that number for that pamphlet yeah and it follows on the phone for more than 45 seconds it was a lot because they know it's not a toll free call they get you on to get your information they get your edges and then they're on to the next call so all these people worrying about oh my phone goes along distance calls don't worry about it because it's a call last 45 seconds is a lot best 40 cents they've respend you got it buddy listen I was born and raised and religion I heard that I heard you read that pamphlet over the air yeah I jumped on myself home and uh and I dialed that number and I I said please send it to me next day air but they said no we'll send it regular that's a double-beats soon enough yeah I have a video you'll get saved soon enough okay god bless you sir five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless ones gonna be like the people if they ever crumbied in fish catalog same thing see they all get calls when I when I talk about somebody else they get the calls I don't get any calls because these people are on a talk to me because they're basically a bunch of pussy's anyway and like they got to call you why don't we just call it the anti-Christian show see this is what really cracks me up I not the or if I ever had an orthodox you call the show complain about it ever no not that I can think of ever as ludicrous and ridiculous as they are in their behavior it as much as I knock and rip into ever do you hope is witness no no um Mormons no let me cover one of the whole bunch of underwear well they you know to get nervous about where the holes are in the magic underwear they heard they have months straight how do you tell if you have fun forward or backward good question but there's something about this Christianity thing you know I can knock every religion in the world which I do they're awful of crap some are more malignant than others but it's always the same crap oh it's the end-by-Christian show maybe that's because Christianity seems to be the most intolerant of the Western religions maybe that just might be it 560 5060 pound five 60 as was well documented in that piece by the way pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile and coral spring hello hi Neil yes sir long time listener I was brought up Catholic and went to Catholic school and all and you opened my eyes like five years ago and I can't tell you how much I appreciate that oh my god um I didn't get to hear the thing you read I was out of the car I'm maybe somebody else missed the two I may have to read it again how do you like that I would be happy I couldn't stand you'd be in your pants one request okay no one rips you better okay you got it thanks Neil and have a great day yeah maybe I'll read it again in the one o'clock hour how do you like that show I read it again oh why the hell not George has thumbs up he'll get his phone his crowd on the call up your crowd on the phone I shouldn't take long George is crowd oh now don't you see you don't understand what he means by that do you? I'm currently not talking about specs oh what he's talking about but more specs what he's talking about that's what he's talking about I'm sure because most of what he said didn't make any sense anyway they hate me way more than they do you well you're not the uh this is spikken off I know well too bad with a wife keeps on me five six seven they're not spikken spanna five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty on the AT&T wild slides we continue to search for intelligent life in South Florida I take that back we continue to search for a life forget about intelligent I would just settle for life in South Florida as opposed to the usual smell of death and when it rains like this you know we get those big big lakes those man those man-made lakes or god-made whatever the hell you are and you can smell the festering death in the year especially near the condos you know like in sunrise and tamarack and water hill well that's something else in water hill here's a mobile in sunrise hello yes sir yes I listen to your show from time and I grew some of the things you say and I disagree with some of things you say but uh as a Christian obviously I can't grew things that you've been saying over the past few moments and I think it came a Christian on August 9th 1989 is the greatest thing that ever happened to me oh and everybody can't become a Christian everybody you know it's hard for them to make the decision to do that or it's life long decision to harm it is that make you better than us not at all we're on the same so what if somebody's that mean them not everybody can do it how about if we put it this way not everybody is interested in doing it exactly oh yeah absolutely right uh but Christianity is a real thing the Bible is very true and I mean it's hard to hear how about all the things that I just read did hear me read that damn be sure I heard all that and I heard that decision before you refute any of us uh as far as like when Elijah was being locked by the children and God sent the sent the bird to children we that's that's not what God's decision happened an example you know we really can't share example of what's sadism no an example of how we should how children or how everybody should respect God's prophets so in other words like children who are are disobedient shall be stoned to death is not all that was a testament this is the new texanus is Jesus came but but sir sir that was handed by God to Moses God told him that children who are disobedient shall be stoned to death we're supposed to know that's not a new sir sir you're not answering not responding to me to the God that you believe in the God of the Jews and the Christians you said that what kind of a God is that well I mean I I still love my God because I know that if I'm not responding to me sir I'm going to give you one opportunity you believe that God said that that children who are disobedient should be stoned to death and I can tell testament to death yeah okay thank you you believe in that and I'll believe in the tooth area okay or any other theory I choose woo heavy duty time to puff on a good cigar right now from the access right when you're stressed out like after a call like that sit back and take one of those great predominant reserves and just put that in your post light it up and just put your feet up on the desk and thank the Lord that you don't believe that kind of crap okay that your children aren't being stoned to death and you won't get stoned from one of these great cigars either well you never know who knows what those knicker log windows ticking in there and any kids are going crazy over the mighty more than power Rangers movie starring the young warriors who use their incredible morphing skills to fight for justice but if you think it's too violent for your kids now is an alternative a new movie about power Rangers who use peaceful means to solve their problems hell well why the news is so big talk that can't go from the river don't worry little boy he'll pay for this evil deed for you I'm a power Ranger wow are you gonna use your incredible morphing powers to stop them no violent acts are against my religion well religion I'm a member of the Church of Latter Day Saints whether you are mighty more than power Ranger no I'm a mighty Mormon power Ranger but you said he paid for a evil deed and so he will aha judgment day you mean you're not going to do anything well I'm going to do something oh girl what I'm going to Salt Lake City and take another wife 20th century five presents a mighty Mormon power Rangers there's not much they can do about I've been who's what they do know Johnny has been personally a mighty Mormon power Rangers coming soon with the internet and don't forget to make your kind of wear oh Bobo won it five sixty wq and by the way the respond does it that last which was so ridiculous that it doesn't deserve a response that never lost they go back to the exact quote and this dear believer pamphlet it said Jesus is a chip off the old block he said I and my father are one on the upheld every jot in total of Old Testament law now it's become very convenient for people who are too embarrassed by these ridiculous things in the Old Testament so they made up this business about oh but now we're under grace and now yeah that stuff is out the window okay there's no under grace and settlement so on and now we got the new deal if we believe in Jesus we don't have to put up with that crack but even even setting that aside what kind of a God could you believe in that would say children should be stoned as of the course back in biblical days when they wrote these theory tales that was the former capital punishment they used to stone people of that so if your kids are disobedient if they mouth off you know you don't get morspanking you're stoned them to death all right that's the kind of God we want to believe in maybe that's why there's so many you know kids doing drugs today because they read the Bible it says kids that are bad should be stoned 560 5050 5060 on the end fact yeah what's the big deal about marijuana laws right doesn't the Bible say the kids should be stoned so leave the hell alone okay here's a modelling Cooper City hello okay sir first off I want to say you know there's magic pants how do they go to the doctor again you know if they've only had them they don't have like their holy pants they have special holes in just the right spot like glory hole but you better have good aim these are you know oh my god I sure have the moment never get diarrhea wow that's right or maybe you know maybe that guy that's complaining the other day about the farming sounds yeah I wonder if he maybe he's one of the Mormons and he's one of those pants and that's why he didn't like those hard sounds could be exactly you know what yes you know I had to remember you were talking about how the ratings were down everything like that and what the reasoning wasn't everything like that yeah and how we kind of said it was maybe the humpers shown there's no idea okay they're almost based on the same thing down 15 and what is your name or on the same time that personal segment or where like that that's why I think you always ask you if you're still there because then you know I kind of boost up the shown everything well he knows that yeah dogly of the summer and if you can kill a segment you know that way it's a it's an easy way to kill 15 minutes these are full and have a great day I guess that was it although you noticed that Hank had also forgotten the way school is closed but nevertheless you know we are don't all have us to your traps for minds like I do 567560 pound 560 on a mobile alone I was talking to BFO about the yesterday and sitting there in sand's office on his fat back home sorry about that Mrs. DFO his mother's very she listens 28 hours a day and for him just trying to save your son's life okay Mrs. DFO he's just beefing up like like an angus cow and we're trying to do something to get him a lose a few ounces this week please 567560 pound 560 on a mobile one line is the search continues here's Hollywood hello maybe you're ready to down because you were okay huh yeah yeah here's Bocke hello Neil yes sir what's the most the most popular group in the world who and who had to serve more than any other kind of group who what what is the most like people in the world who are like the most popular assholes what does that does I don't know Chinese people Japanese people even jutsaku near seeming the Bible Jersey Wong food no thank you manness no of course not they get the day they did not pay back then of course not I'm just kind of wondering not not in the night was not kissing me off okay not to the knowledge of the affirmative people are wrote that crap because all in the woods like this little you know that's it that's all in the new from 567560 pound 560 on a mobile one line but don't be on this other guys parade you know all just states 1989 became a Christian that was the greatest day in his life fine great okay go well pack your sandwich just leave us alone here's a mobile and sunrise hello hello Neil yes sir good morning I need to get off to him and last time I schooled you with about three years ago reason I'm calling I want to ask you or the Christians are there a few questions if they can answer maybe you can answer for me the first question is they say they believe in one god and they believe in the Jewish ten commandments they don't believe in the norhigh lord okay that's the Jewish I'm ten commandments they don't even keep kosher the guy and how do you like that exactly and but my question is if they believe in having one god how they how come this good god into three father son under holy ghost yeah the baby the princess we don't even know about the virgin Mary she's lived this way oh yeah that is true I don't know how to get on virgin and cognac and also they said it's a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a machine that the Messiah is going to he came but he didn't feel fulfilled what he's supposed to do so he's going to come again he's going to come again he's going to come again he's going to come again he's going to come again scored a problem I was a woman I wouldn't like them I would not like to be married to him I mean they take over two thousand years to come again but yeah but our light and the answer me how come they have not be those commandments those are the have you not only one god how come this is in the tree and you have a nice day okay thank you 560 560 560 on a mobile one line here's a call from you event hello hello no yes sir are we on great I just wanted to say the huh there you go there you go listen to that all the work that he put to there that was terrific fantastic glad you're learning the good stuff there you event I'm 10 you nice going sir and don't be taking Jeff Popper which is name and the next time you call you show you asshole 560 70560 pound 560 on a mobile one line that's that's our U of M crowd right there and he's sitting there all his boyfriends are gathered around haha you're that and there's squeezing it they are he's not he can't find it okay whoa oh I'm full of gay romance where gay stand was and they wear tight pants they're on bench top to bottom every day let's with the miracle of being gay oh very best of pilots in the USA giving big big pleasure and a big big way are you a very best of pilots in the USA giving big big pleasure and a big big way right join the big space to chest the field queen you choice of the fact of America 15560 WQM on a great Tuesday we're cleansing our souls maybe that's why we had this big rain that's right that's why the big rains came because nature is pissed off not God the rain no God nature is pissed off and fired up that's right and once the flush all of this crap from your brain that's why we just happen to get this I think it's an act of nature that I got this thing from our good friend the Lou in the Bahamas you know you know what I'm talking about I bet you do and then we got all these people turned out of the freedom from religion foundation which I think most rational people would like to be left to hell alone okay what's wrong with being and they are left to hell alone all these goody two shoes that want to grab you by the hand and drag you across the street kicking and screaming even though you don't want to cross the goddamn street here's Miami hello hello you yes sir hey good afternoon how are you great long time listener I was listening to this morning and I decided to call in and well it's almost entertaining part of today was I guess basically the letter you read that was criticizing George because I mean I've listened to your soul and I mean I think there are religion issues you know I don't think it's worth talking about it I think everyone should just respect each other yeah but they don't I mean I respect you I think you're a great entertainer I mean you're the greatest singer here Miami but you guys are people here they don't tolerate people's ideas and belief and I do that's the most important thing we should do here Miami you know just you're not part of George's crown area I want to George's crown now I'm a big fan of yours but we're not a belison in Jesus I was like maybe in high school because I don't want to have his crown star call it a month ago and I'm going on though religion is not entertaining you know I think should change the topic no I'm not going to change the topic sir all right well thank you all of my friends have everything I bless you yeah huh nice try not entertaining I got news for is sir it's real entertaining it's right it's real real entertaining and those of you idiots out there that think that you're going to tell me what I'm going to talk about guess what wrong and you get your show you talk about whatever kind of crap you want to talk about he thought the most entertaining part of the show was that stupid letter about George we hit the goddamn jackpot today boys and girl with his pamphlet here and his guy he and he's just like the guy from the U.M the kid that are sitting around playing grandmas with each other and you of them who could never come up with any kind of an idea and have a conversation with us even like about anything for making pushy sounds over their U.V. only print that they could find one you know what I'm saying pathetic pathetic sir got a whole long line of people like this guy who want to tell me what I should talk about and what I shouldn't talk about even my blonde friend from the hockey game from keyways who is a fine young man and I think about him all the time like just two minutes ago but you know something he said exactly the same thing as this guy it's not entertaining but I mean you know what tough crap I'm still going to talk about it it's the new rod your show not some yet the color show to tell me what I should be talking about I couldn't disagree with the morcer I think it is unbelievably entertaining I think it's phenomenally challenging I think it's amazing the idea that's right I'm squeezing my nipples now getting so much sexual excitement from the fact that I know that these people out there in radio and all these good religion to start going because they can't respond they can't get me an intelligent response just like that guy who is doing his 85 steps around the mirror go around when I asked him a very simple question about stoning this obedient kid to that anyway but I mean but I don't know about that like that and finally he went thank you very much my good religious friend and god bless you and blow it out your ass and goodbye so don't give me a song and an answer about what I should be talking about thank god for me that I'm talking about this and have been for the last 23 years and won't be intimidated by the Catholic Church or a bunch of fanatical born again in North Cases okay or by all these other goodly two shoes what their facts is oh yeah that was the most ridiculous thing that analogy you made about the rose and a human love that that was right on target baby right on target and if you don't believe me just drive the sunrise and take a look at the wrinkles okay you maniac talk about being in denial here's a mobile in the Miami hello good afternoon sir yes sir we're not God this we're not one common we're not this little let's hit the information for you you may know this is you may not you know what religious base the FBI draws the candidate most of their what most of their candidates oh no I have no idea the Mormons all right yeah if the government saves those taxpayers money then they don't have to buy another because they're just so squeaky squeaky clean and have so many wives was that it yeah anyway I was just like the fire standing the salt of the earth leaking you are the greatest you speak your mind on the radio which if the rest of these assholes on the radio would do the world's yes I am you love you me God bless you sir bye and say how to get your Hoover to why you're out of by the way I get and a Clyde Tulson oh they had to be married side by side see people want to talk about that no they want to talk about some stupid things they read on a new stand somewhere a new time about guys sticking to fist up each other yeah I get all whipped up about that like that's you know commonplace okay just because the gay gourmet used to cook it a lot of Chrisco okay what about what about Florence Henderson what all that western or law and wasn't Robert read on that show yeah we know about him he ain't feeling too good anymore Robert Reed I wonder used to hang around with that Brady Bunch here's a mobile in Pembroke time yeah this is Matt like western till you kneel I totally agree with your religious views I think you're 100% owned but I only wonder the only thing worse me is what you're given humanity a lot of credit what if if they did know the real truth how do you think people would behave I mean I think sir I'm gonna tell you if people could behave anymore intolerantly anymore bar burrically in any more grotesque fast than they already are idea I'd be shocked so in other words if the excuse for perpetuating the religious myths is that it keeps people under in the line I hate to break the news to you but it's just a good excuse for hatred and violence and jolly got to do it look at you with slavia and Indian Pakistan and Northern Ireland and the Middle East and every other corner of the world where people are killing each other because they won't believe the same for retail that's no that makes a lot of sense I just wanted you know I totally you're right you're 100% home but when you try to talk because they're give this information to someone they just become immediately intolerantly become immediately upset yeah I can't really discuss this so it's like well that's why we need to get a bunch of these pamphlets you just hand in one and say have a nice day and you know that's it and have a great day have a nice day like I said 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line and I lose my voice to you sounds like another 2 or 3 days on well God punishing you for saying all these two things this obedient children shall surely be and it doesn't even say it says shall surely be stoned to death and the mother and their of course don't get mentioned because she's one of the pieces don't call me surely so she said here's Miramar hello yes sir listen one thing is this guy who call this couple of calls are going to say well we got to respect everybody else's police I can't respect somebody this belief is based on a book that says stoned as a beauty at children I mean I just can't give those people respect and the idea that I would have you a little burn in eternal hell if you didn't believe a bunch of ridiculous fairy dust you're gonna burn in eternal hell that's how I'm just like the kind of god I want to put my life in his hands I want to you know this is not the whole world people would read the entry of the United States a little bit and read about guys like Thomas P. Benjamin Franklin oh now you're like I like how stuff this server okay well one thing that I have to say about you about all these guys who criticize and you haven't read the first amendment yeah that'd be a good thing don't know where to find it no he's out I want to amend all you this guy the other guy called up to say well I was back in the ancient times let me tell you what happened and I really in the paper last week yes in Pakistan in 18 year old girl was found to be made pregnant out of wedlock and took some herbs that created a miscarriage all of it right for a punishment it was to be buried in the earth right up to her waist feet in 101 times with the bamboo stick she died right what a shock okay was last week right and if we didn't have these guys like Thomas paying George Washington Thomas Joseph making laws to protect the people who lived here back then they'd be stoning the kids today right here absolutely correct okay so keep up the good work and God bless you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line she's easy to come on here and tell people the things that they want to hear but when you come on here and you say things that rattled her cage a little bit oh gee you gotta stop doing that we're upset about it we're pissed off too bad too bad you wanted to why oh no what oh geez it came up under piece of on the thing there how do you like that how do you like that what I wanted to say was pissed off it's me fired up when I hear someone say that oh there you go yeah let's talk some ball scores okay let's get some ball scores on here again or give some more misinformation about some sports stuff that's really interesting not but your crap but your caca but you be literally goons that's with a gee here's for waterdale hello yeah the religious people are creating you but look who's talking God will take the fifth and yeah yeah fifth is okay my dark complex is for infest is one track pony okay maybe it's stuck any can't get it out maybe that's the problem yeah every just like that shallow fifth situation we had over there channel seven of you years ago every now and then happens a stock game check get off that's it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's Miami hello yes sir oh good some years ago do you remember a man by the name of Joseph Lewis no well what it was that he remembered you're a friend of the free thinkers of America yeah station in New York and they put the cross on the court house here back in the sixties and we were instrumental in getting the daunting off we moved you know one thing or the other excellent but this is something that I don't might be interesting there's a cross-ded racket and other than that keep it out of our face right there's a there's a book that I have that was written in 1875 my sir graves and it's called the world 16 crucified saviors and they have almost the identical story the Christianity dollar from religion long before there was ever any uh G right and in fact one of the novel verse the uh reincarnation all at the right all the stuff was in other primitive religion they were just stolen they just picked and chose whatever uh they'd to make an origin well the one that was interesting what he mentions in the book in the British Museum in London they had a statue of Krishna which predated Jesus 1,200 years and it shows him there in a crucified position with holes in the arms right and they hands in the feet and so forth you know anyway there I think I most of the people believe in a table hole in their head I think that's where the hole absolutely but here's another one that you're uh listeners would want to get that's excellent 2,000 years of disbelief by James Macnaught and he mentions every great person that you can think of anyone who is a thinker let me put it that way and it's beautiful now could I be returned to George so I can get the address of that uh you bet hang on thanks line four okay 1225 here at 560 WCM or revolutionizing the universe today are we revolutionizing it oh no nevertheless we got this thing in the mail you know and people said we just keep bringing to stuff up I didn't you know it was an active alloo in the Bahamas there or whatever he is isn't the Bahamas where's his card yeah he's in the free park ran Bahama Island my good friend Lou who sent me this little pamphlet yesterday it came in the mail I read it at home last night I thought oh this is great I'm gonna read it on the ear tomorrow and I did it's not like I got some kind of a agenda or some kind of a plot here it's just that what something good comes along you will go on ear and you you spew it that's all when it doubt you spew it out and suppose to sit in the round and just be in another nerd that repeats like a parrot the same crap that everybody else is saying just like on cds evening news last night then rather sit there oh and a pop the dish and a and they report this like this is news this is news that a man in the dress said a bunch of stupid crap oh my god yeah the pop is over there telling the bad pollock jokes nice going John man got in a dress with a bad beanie on they could even get the beanie right they still have from the jews to couldn't even get that right for Christi oh sorry 1226 at 560 wqm if you want to start on this film and I'm gonna wrap it all your long who j go to my good and just want to I'm so bite into his friend boy now he's here and said he's thinking about those into my ugly lady think they'll blend in no go back go back go back to hell and you who be low hold on more I'm back to back in and back to the right. That neighborhood. All right, 12.32 at 5.60 WPM. You know, the kind of call before a few calls back, which we've had so many. And was asking about, you know, what the world would be like today without all those religious bull crap in the threat of hell, etc. Hangin over everybody's head. Well, you see, when you look at some of these religions, not today many in particular, because we've got some very uptight, very psychotic people out there. When they tell you that good works alone won't get you to the kingdom of heaven, but that you got to believe in all those other fairy tales, there's no incentive to be a good person. There's no motivation for anybody to do anything good, or to be kind to each other, or to be considered or not to do all those other crap. They're not because as long as on your desk, but you say, oh, yeah, I believe, okay, you're going to have a... What kind of religion is that? A profitable one. Exactly. But as far as motivation to do any good? No, it's not there. Just keep spotting that you believe in this crap, and just like Jim and Tanny Fay, you know, just keep ripping everybody up. And even if you do get content spent a few years in jail, as long as you believe all of my crap, you're going straight to have an aura. Ow! Sick, sick and twisted and idiotic. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AMOBAL one line. Here's a mobile and navy, hello. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, a West-Dated Trail apart trash colonies. All right. And as ignorant as I am, I just can't believe the hokeyness of thinking that there's like some being the lives of the sky that can keep an eye on our thoughts and everything you were doing of everyone everywhere and every minute of the day. And hey, we're certainly said Saturday, if God would have wanted charismatic to win the Belmont, he would have won the race. I mean, that's just, it's so hokey to me, if like my God, I mean, it would have a fifth grade education. Should be able to figure that out. All right, two of them. I just want to ask our shameless request, if I could. Yes, sir. Could you play the job Gordon, song when you get a chance? We'll do. You're rule Neil. All right. All right. Bye. Jeff Gordon, haven't played that in a while. I'll ask him why don't you get a Joe Costello option. I thought that said any morning show was taken off. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line here. We're pounding out at Baby. We're wacking, we're reading, we're working at it. To try to knock some sense into the brains out there. The nimble minds. Whatever few we have left, especially in this town, man. Oh. Yeah. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I have three things I'd like to say. First of all, I couldn't kind of lay today, and I would love it if you could repeat that a pamlet. Yeah, I'll do it right after one of the clock. Okay. And I want to go on hold with George. I can get the pamlet sent to me. And once a third thing. Third thing. Yeah. Can I make a change request? Yes, sir. As my girlfriend's birthday, I was late in a get in front of my phone. Can I please wish her a birthday? Go ahead and hit her. Well, yeah, man. Let me do the, let me do a little thing here. Okay. Okay. Probably would be the first little things she said, but. Oh, yeah. Okay. Hang on, pal. Thank you. Okay. Take care of our friend there. Okay. Take care of her. Okay. Take care of her. By the way, thanks to the person out there. See, not all the stuff that comes in the facts, machine is grant. Somebody was kind enough to facts me this article from the New Yorker about the Miami-Herald. That's a guy called in the beginning of the show about the Harold Cuban Revolution. He's a public and the city's Hispanic community by Mimi Schwartz. Thank you for, firstly, it's a very long article which I'll read at my leisure. Thank you. Okay. Where were we going here? A mobile implantation? Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I've been associated with the church for about maybe close to 40 years now. And it's obvious to me that like what you say or what you do, it's obvious that you're like like the hand of the dark side is upon you. Oh, the hand of the dark side force. I mean like OJ's hand he had kind of a dark hand. No, but it's very obvious, anybody else. Yeah, this guy likes to see in Star Wars too much. No, it's not obvious. Anybody that believes can see that. Can see water. It's just, it can't win that. Listen to you. They can, they can understand that that you're being like your puppet of the devil. You're going to be a good person. Why? Why? Because I don't agree with you. Well, I'm not asking you to agree with me. It's just that it's going to, you were going to be. What? Where am I going to be when? Well, we are having a conversation, sir. We're having a conversation, sir. We're having a conversation, sir. Something in there's plain something to you. I asked you a question. There's no response. Where am I going to be when? When I die, I'll be in a box like everybody else in the ground. You'll be. No, you won't be in a box. You'll be in hell. Here's another one. There's only one thing. There's only one thing. There's only one thing. Sir, I only wish. I give my left arm and half of the right if I could be as wonderful a good decent person as you are that will condemn somebody to burn an eternal hell. They don't believe they can't do you. What did I do to you? Did you just hear what I said? Yeah. I heard what you said. What happened to me? God has with me all the time. Yeah. And he's with me now. Like on your shoulder, like a parrot? Well, he helped jump out of my car this morning. Uh-huh. Okay. Well, I'm ready to do an important stuff. Good. The wonder he's not helping the sound of the word in Yugoslavia. He's helping you jump start your car. Good. See, I think the hand of the dark side probably was on your car's battery trying to give you a message to mind you own God damn business and stop being so intolerant and tell other people that they're going to burn in hell. Only real real real sick people tell people that they're going to burn in hell because they don't believe the same per retail that you do. The whole concept of your soul, burning in hell eternally because you don't believe some crap is so sick and so twisted that I hope your car battery dies. Okay. I don't hope you die because I don't want to say anybody in the earl but I hope your car battery dies and hope it's here as they rip you off. And they will. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 SS 60 on the mobile one line rhymes with 60. New 30 He's going to give. Workbirds. ! Every finish. Sweetie chame. Let's keep no race, friend. Let's keep it from moving. Let's have a big sand club. Take your ducks to get a strike off, Hoover. This is the most important kind of thing here. You can't get any life to go. The great thing out here is all this man's is. This is the good time is where I'm in. The sand club is too cool. When they climb down these banks, it's a circle out. One can train him away. I'm down the forest. Yay! You're the best. You're the best. Where are you? One can do it. I want to give you a chance. The sand club is a big thing. You're the best. We're the best. Yeah. We're the best. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. About 45 to 55. But it's still on the ankle. It's still a few. And then we can go on the baseball. The ballroom's in the roles of double head of a 330 or not depending on what it is. Just that this fax in off the Paul Harvey news reel from no less they're right winter than Paul Harvey. A church in Tampa was found guilty of dealing in stolen merchandise and food stamps. Seven ministers charged with only probation and the church fine $5,000. They were dealing about 20 grand a month. Oh, not bad. Tax free too, by the way. Nice business if you can get it. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm the eldest man from Fort Lauderdale. Yes, man. I had no idea what you guys been talking about for today's my birthplace. Yes, sir. That's nice, sir. Yeah. But I was raised a Catholic. Do I look at you can believe what you want to. I'm going to believe what I want to. And I'm Neil. I'm not going to force it down your throat. Whatever. Yeah. That's what they said during the acquisition too. Right. I mean, I shouldn't force it down your throat. I mean, it's ridiculous. No. But what I had to request, I don't want to be green. But I'm not going to be green. I'm not going to be green. But I think that the show seems to be going a little violent. And I think you need to end the show with always work on the bright side of life. I think that's a great song. Okay. And George actually told me we were a buy that. But maybe you could do that for my birthday. And second of all, maybe anything with a mad dog. Maybe just blow the whole card out with mad dog. Okay. I'm a great day, sir. I think that's mad dog. I got a full right now saying I want to bang you in the butt. Or something like that. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. Niel. Yes. How are you, sir? Great. The guy who said you had the black glove. Yes. Okay. I think he's going to really think I do. Because I just want to run this by your real quick. You only blackhand that. Remember was Don Fnuchin. Good. The guy father, too. Remember that. I think the guy who couldn't change the light bulb. Okay. When Don, Kory Young, Don, Kory, Owners waiting for mob stairs. I don't understand. Yes. Robert De Nero. But anyway. I want to run this by you. Go ahead. Everybody who says there's no facts in the church. Yes. Okay. I want to run this by it. Jesus hang around. Who? All men. Yes. And a woman who was a prostitute. Right. Possibly a fact hack. Okay. She went away. She went away. You know, the first the 400 list Taylor. Very possible. Right. But he's nothing about women. You wonder about all these priests that, you know, we're touching little boys. Yeah. If it goes back to the predecessor. Okay. Yes. He's not to say that he was not a fag. Who knows? He was a funky sandals. Sandals. You know, you know, almost a dress. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Wonder who was brought up. Right. But I just, you know what I'm saying? I wouldn't be surprised if it was, we're in Tommy Hillfinger's back then. Well, that's a dead giveaway. But you want to say what I'm saying? No. You don't really? No. Have a great day. 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. Anybody understand what he's saying? No. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I mean? Yes, sir. I think you may find the stand. God. Yeah. I understand. Yes. Yeah. I understand. You'd be dealing with a problem. God and the God and the man who are imperfect. Oh, huh. And those those you in your imperfection, God is patient with you. Who's in imperfection? Who's in imperfection? You are imperfect. Says who? You are imperfection. You are imperfection. God says me. No, I'm perfect. I'm perfect. Oh, you are perfectly bald. Okay. You're perfect. Let me say it. Perfectly gay. You talk of hell. You talk of. Perfectly Jewish. You talk of hell. Yeah. No, I don't. Only the religious people talk about the real. Please call hell and you're the real. Please call heaven. And for you to get to heaven, you have to believe. No, no man, I'll pass. If you're tired. I'll pass. Where you're going to burn in hell. Okay. Well, thank you very much for your kind words. Thank you, sir. You're going to burn in hell. Yeah. Seriously. Just stop and think about what sick twisted pathetic, sadistic assholes were dealing with just like this guy here. Well, you're going to burn in hell. You don't believe that. Well, and you're in versus the civilist that. You can be the best guy damn person on the face of the earth. You don't believe it. You're going to burn in hell. The concept is so sick. So unacceptable to anybody with IQ larger than their toenail. That it's disgusting. It's nauseating. And this guy, who obviously is older than the age of one, he's spouting. He's not a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's spouting on the rhythm. I can't. I want to open it in about this guy got off of huh? Jamaica. Oh, Jamaica. Oh, well, he's probably smoked too much of the bad weed. You better come up in our neighborhood. We got the good stuff up here, Mon. You're smoking the bad stuff. It'll affect you brain every time. Whatever's left of it. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, man. Um, the human being Jewish religion. No, I think. Absolutely not. No. Oh, that's why you want to make people to not believe in anything. No, I don't want to. I just want to express my opinion. I don't care what you believe. Just leave everybody alone. But that's what you should do. Leave everybody alone. Everybody wants to believe. People aren't leaving everybody alone. So it's hard to busy killing each other. Just like I was just called me and said, because I don't believe what he believes I'm going to burn in hell. No, he is going. He's going to hell. Good. Good place for him. Okay. Okay. We'll see him there. Okay. But did she say his anybody know? No. No. She's all right. She's got her thing in the right place. 560 50560. Pond 560. Let's play that old black magic. Come on. Let's get our Frankie Panky and play right now. Hit it. Come on. That old black magic. Let's Louis Prima and Kaley Smith. Let's get that on. Here's a West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. Let's farm. That sounds like you. How you doing Neil? Great. Hey, I've never listened to your show before. I turned it off for the first time. Hey, I'm a Christian. I just have a question for you. Do you believe in Jesus? No, I do not. Okay. You know, there's more proof that Jesus lived and walked the earth and did all the things that he said he didn't do Bible. The pilgrim landed on the United States. I'm telling you, crop it. Yeah. Yeah. Covered America. Do you believe that? No, I do not. You don't believe in Jesus. No. Do you believe in Corbis? It's not a question of believing it. Yeah. There probably was a guy in Christopher Columbus. He was a Jewish serial. Say it over there. Yeah. Let me ask you this. If all the people believed in the Bible and did all the things. Sir, let me ask you this. What difference does it make what I believe? What difference does it make? Well, believe in what people believe. No, no. What difference does it make what I believe? Why can't you believe what you want to believe? And let everybody else believe it or not. Remember that show that Ripley believe it or not? Why not leave everybody else alone? Well, why don't you then? I mean, just like the last lady said why don't you show it. So in other words, I'm here on my water. I'm the one who started all this. I'm the one who started the war and you were slavia and the war between the Indians and the Pakistanis and the war in Northern Ireland between the Protestants and the Christians. And I'm the one who kill all those people during the Crusades and the Equisition. Not at all. Really intolerable. Religious people have been hassling and harassing and killing each other since the beginning of recorded time. That's the point. What you have it on Lee don't get. No, I get that. You're also going to find the hypocrites throughout the world that say. Oh, and it's just wonderful. Okay, well, real Christians, please stand up. That's always the deal. Okay. Well, the real Christian, please stand up. Please raise your hand. There we go. Raise your hand. High in the sky. Let's get out the magnifying glass and find the real Billy res out there. Come on. Let's start looking. Let's start scoping this out. Okay. Let's get out the search party. Let's get Jack Webb. Put him on a case. Let's get a drag net and see you in a drag queen. Sir, have a wonderful life. Okay. Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff. You know, never heard the show before. Just another radio accident. You must have been active. God. Damn, God must have been. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. And every day when you're driving out there, and you see all these idiots doing all of these unacceptable things. And you say to yourself, God, there are so many assholes. So many really dumb people just sitting listen to these people today. And you'll say, guess what, I was right. There are a lot of dumb people out there. A lot of idiots. Here's Lake Worth. Hello. You know, George, how are you doing today? Okay, sir. Hi, Adney, it kills me to wait. These people carry on about religion. It really does. People at work. And they tell me, you're me a son and it's why don't I leave everybody alone. I'm just offering one little voice in the wilderness here because they're right up pamphlet. And they can't handle that. They want me to dummy up so they can continue, you know, their intolerance through everybody else. So they don't believe they're bullcraft. People, I know, like they work. They get spooked when I start talking. Man, I don't want to watch next to you. You're going to be stuck down by lying. Oh, boy. I thought, well, you know, I walk alone. Thank God, but you don't have any superstitious people lying in a wrong. Yeah, and there's, you know, can you recommend the book on that subject, by the way? I mean, sometimes again, conversation, I would like to know what I'm talking about. Very well, the God by Charles Templeton. Very well, the God. Right, it's sheathen by amazon.com, but what on the internet? I don't have a computer, but I have friends to do. Okay. Something I didn't even have an in hell. I played South Florida's hell and lost Vegas. Could you have an in hell? All right. All right. See you there. Right now. Now we're talking. It's right. Oh, you're going to burn in hell. Let me say this to you right now. Anybody who calls this program or any other program or even others those words through any other living being, even a dog, a cat, a alligator, a lizard, anybody who orders those words. You're going to burn in hell. Do you have any idea how stupid you sound? You have any clue and violating their own religion, by the way. Oh, judge not. Less you be in burning. Less you be burned. But of course, those disobedient kids stole them with that. Okay. Because Jesus said, you know, that's the every jotting title of the law. It's the same. Oh, no. We're under grace now. People is first based on the cubs. You don't look so good anymore. Five minutes till one. It's five sixty. WCML. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. And now here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean Forks sausage with a few words about new Timmy Dean vagal sandwiches. Hello, I'm Timmy Dean. You know, someone told me a 25 years ago that I'd been making vagals. I'd have said, huh? That's due food, isn't it? But times have changed and I guess I've got to change with them. But I don't have to like it. You people want your vagals. I'll give you your vagals. What a big old grease is slab of Timmy Dean Forks sausage. Timmy Dean, non-coachier vagal sandwiches. If you're Jewish, you can buy them. You just can't eat them. New Timmy Dean, vagal sandwiches. There's a little bit of big it in everybody. One o'clock at five sixty WCML. By the way, getting back to the arrestlers. So in the letter that Sean sent me from Northwestern, he sends me an article here, clipping from the newspaper. FBI investigates and you tapes. No wildcats caught on nude videos shot at 95 turnier Visual suspect, poor ring. And it's about, well, says video tape of nude wrestlers. Shotty really in the 1995 National Tournament hosted by Northwestern is part of a nationwide FBI investigation that is in cover day bizarre and perverse ring of internet pornography. The shocking footage was captured in locker rooms at the Midlands and the wrestling championships. The nation's second largest collegiate wrestling invitation held at WCML. held at WCML in the December 29th and 30th 1995. No Northwestern, our wrestlers appeared on the tape thank God. Clips of other nude collegiate athletes in addition to the footage captured at NU have been collected by at least one o' on-known perver and marketed as pornographic material available on the internet and by mail. A former university of Pennsylvania wrestler found himself to be the subject of a similar tape after was sent to a biofellow athlete. These should cover tripping reported on Sunday. I'd be like that. Ricelers, do it at OO! Naked! OO! Okay, it's been a minute after one. I promised I would read this again dear believe it was I gave a brilliant reading of the first time which I could never match again the second time that I'll try my best from the American atheist foundation. I mean the freedom from religion foundation, send difference, without metal and all here. And I'll give the phone number in the website again at the end after I'm through reading it. And it's very simple. And you notice that these people who call not a single one of them, not that we had that many who disagreed, but the ones who do disagree, the ones who want to twist my arm and the ones who want to talk about my black hand, they don't respond any of this. Because they can't, they can't be viewed any of it because it's all in there. The pamphlet is called Dear Believer and it says, You asked me to consider Christianity as the answer for my life. I have done that. I consider it untrue, we've pugged it and harmful. You expect me to believe Jesus was born of a virgin and pregnant by a ghost. You believe all the crazy tales of ancient religions. Julius Caesar was reportedly born of a virgin. Roman historian, Soutoni, as said Augustus, bodily rostaheven when he died, and Buddha was supposedly born speaking. You don't believe all that to you. Why do you expect me to swallow the fables of Christianity? I find it incredible that you asked me to believe that the earth was created in six literal days. Women came from a man's rib, a snake, donkey, and a burning bush, a spoke human language. The entire world was flooded covering the mountains to drown evil. All animal species, millions of them, wrote on one boat, language variations stem from the tower of Babylon. Moses had a magic wand, the Nile turned to blood, a stick turned into a snake, which is wizard and sorcerers really exist. Food reign from the sky for 40 years, people were cured by the set of a brass serpent. The sun stood still to help Joshua win a battle, and it went backwards for King Hizikia. Men survived unated in the fiery furnace, a detached hand floated in the air and wrote on a wall. Men followed the star with directed them to a particular house. Jesus walked on water unated, fish and bread magically multiplied the feed hungry. Water instantly turned into wine, mental illnesses caused by demons, a devil with wings exist to cause his evil. People were healed by stepping into a pool, agitated by angels. This embodied voices spoke from the sky. Jesus vanished in later materialized from thin air. People were healed by Peter Sheddo. Angels broke people out of jail, a fiery lake of eternal torment awaits unbelievers under the earth, while there is life after death in the city, which is 1500 miles cubed with mansions and food for Christians only. If you believe these stories, then you're the one with the problem not me. These myths violate natural law, contradict science, and fail to correspond with reality or logic. If you can't see that, then you can't separate true from fantasy. It doesn't matter how many people accepted the illusions inflicted by holy men, a widely held lie is still alive. If you're so gullible and you're elected child who believes the older brother, who says there are a monster in the hallway, but there's nothing to be afraid of, go turn on the light and look for yourself. If Christianity were simply untrue, I would not be too concerned, Santa's untrue, but it's a harmless myth, which people are grow. But Christianity besides being false is also abhorrent. It amazes me that you claim to love the God of the Bible, a hateful arrogant, sexist, cruel being who can't tolerate criticism. I wouldn't want to live in a same neighborhood with such a creature. The biblical God is a macho male warrior, though he said thou shalt not kill, he ordered death for all opposition, wholesale drowning and mass exterminations, punishes offspring of the fourth generation, ordered pregnant women and children to be ripped up. The man's animal and human blood to appease his angry vanity is partial to one race of people. Judges women to be inferior to men is the safest to create it a hell the torture unbelievers created evil, discriminated against the handicapped, ordered virgins to be kept as spoils of war, spread dumb on people's faces, sent theirs to devour 42 children who tease the prophet, punishes people with snakes, dogs, dragons, drunkenness, swords, arrows, access fire, famine and fantasied, and said father should eat their sons. Isn't that nice? Would you want to live next door to such a person? And Jesus is a chip off the old block. He said, I and my father are one, and he upheld every jot in the title of the Old Testament law. He preached the same old judgment vengeance and death, wrath and distress, hell and torture for all non-conformists. He believed in demons, angels and spirits. He never denounced the subjugation of slaves or women. Women were excluded as disciples, and as guests had his heavenly table. Except for hell, he introduced nothing new to ethics or philosophy. He was disrespectful to his mother and brothers. He said we should hate our parents and desert our families so much for a Christian family life. He denounced anger but was often angry himself. He called people fools, serpents and whiteed sepulcars, though he warned that such language puts you in danger of hellfire. Think not that I'm come at the cent peace on earth. I came not to let me say it again. Think not that I'm come to cent peace on earth. I came not to cent peace but assored so much for peace on earth. He rationally cursed and withered a fig tree for being barren out of season. He mandated burning unbelievers. The church has complied with relish by the way. He stole a horse. He told people to cut off hands, feet eyes, and sexual organs. You may want me to accept Jesus but I think I'll pick my own friends. Thank you. One of Jesus's many contradictions was saying that good work should be seen and then not seen. One of his mistakes was saying that the mustard plant has the smallest seed. The writers of Matthew and Luke couldn't even get his genealogies straight, contradicting the Old Testament and giving Jesus to the scrap and lines to Joseph his non-father. I also find Christianity to be morally repugnant. The concepts of original sin, the pravity, substitutionary forgiveness, intolerance, eternal punishment, a humble worship, are all beneath the dignity of intelligent human beings and can look with the values of kindness and reason. They are barbaric ideas for primitive cultures, cowering and fear and ignorance. Finally, Christianity is harmful. More people have been killed in the name of a God than for any other reason. The church has got a shameful bloody history of crusades, inquisitions, which burnings heresy trials, American colonial intolerance, this respective indigenous tradition such as the American Indians, support of slavery and oppression of women. Modern fruits of religion include the Jones town massacre, the Callos fraud of faitheers, and the fighting in Northern Ireland. Religion also poses a danger to mental health, damaging sufferers, personal responsibility and clarity of thought. You see why do not respect the biblical message? It's an insulting bag of nonsense. You have every right to torment yourself with such insanity, but leave me out of it. I have better things to do with my life. Thank you, Chuck. Chuck's is brought lunch and it was trif. For further information contact the Freedom from Religion Foundation, PO Box 750, Medicine Wisconsin, 53701, here's their telephone number. It's 168, 256, 8900. If you want copies of this, it's called Dear Believer 168, 256, 8900, and it's also printed out on their website, which is www.ffrf.org. Well, there's that FF again. Thank you so much, Chuck. Not even for the Yankee. Also, okay, there you go. I read it again. And I feel like the black hand isn't even touching. It's not even close. How do you like that? Oh, that black hand. It's a set of dealing with the fact instead of refuting any of this stuff instead of specific. Just talk, pop, pop, pop, pop, I love the gobbledygook, which they do best. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. It's one way to cue in, I go. Hi, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than New Roger. We are the Kiana, we are the Kiana, we are the Kiana. None of the how-hard stripes can't get so to date, gather to tell where they is. She won't touch up in the air. Just to be, I'm grieving, it's too hard and pleasing. Call the three of these lots of fun. You dated God with really hard force. I can't believe she's a lesbian. Yeah, that's me, that's me. You must be so drunk, she's gay. I really don't know where I went, I can't believe she's a lesbian. I see her, I see her, I see her, I see her, I see her, I see her, I see her. I really don't know where I went, wrong. Maybe she hurts, I need to think I'm so good. That would do it. Okay, 13 at 560 WQM, let's take a couple of these ridding calls we've had today. These people are all saving us. Here's Miramar, hello. Well, I'm trying to save you, Miramar. It's interesting you're on this subject because I was just telling George, I over the week, and I watched a great movie called, and Howard the Wind, I don't know if you've ever seen it. No, with Jason, Royal Biodge, and Kurt Douglas. It's supposed to be the Stokes version of the Scroops Monkey Trial? Exactly. Yeah. And I mean, it's very interesting because they bring up some of the questions that he just was in that letter, he just read, first of all, how do we all get here if there was only two people in the beginning, Adam and Eve, and Kane and Abel, where did Kane and Abel's wife come from? Did they disappear out of nowhere? You know, they can't answer these questions because it's always, well, you just have to believe you got to believe in the divine word or whatever. Interesting, also. Well, I mean, they had a lot of sisters, there was all insight. There was just big and sister was thing. Exactly. Maybe that's why we got all this mental illness in the world. And so, you know, it does make a little sense. You know, it does make a little sense. Also, you know, with the sun stop and I mean, with the kind of scientific knowledge that we have today. For anybody to believe, literally, a lot of that stuff is ridiculous. One of the best scenes in the movie is when you go back in there, you'll go ahead to Kurt Douglas is actually the Bible from Burl Kay. And he puts him up on a stand as an authority on the Bible and asked him, you know, if I created the earth in seven days, how long is it days at the 24-hour day? Doesn't say. Well, maybe it could be a 25-hour day. Yeah, it could be. Well, maybe it could be a 10-hour day. Well, it could be a 25-hour-hour-z-less. 5-670560, Pont560, on the AT&T, Wettles Line. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Nile. Yes, man. In speaking about religion, I'd like to tell you a quick story that happened to me. Yeah. All my life I've gone to Catholic school. I talk to the Catholicism to the public kids. I was involved very heavily in the church. One day when my mother was dying, I called the priest, so he can come and speak to my mother. And you know what the priest asked me? How much was I going to pay him? I haven't entered a priest on a church since I want nothing to do with Catholics. Not since that day. That was outrageous. Yeah. So, in closing, all Catholic priests suck. Well, that's for damn sure. Ha ha ha ha ha. There you go. That was the word of experience. All Catholic priests suck, but do they swallow? 560560, Pont560, on the AT&T, Wettles Line. That was magnificent. And this is, um, bizarre. I don't know what to say. Maybe it got rained on. I don't know. It got rained on. My lunch got rained on. How come the container was dry and it was wrapped very tightly in plastic? Huh? And shiran rap. You don't need that cheese anyway. I hope that's what makes it a trace. I want to make sure I burn and help. For real, all the same plate. That's true. And I'm using only one fork. Here's a mobile and pop-in-o. Hello. There's no priest at the cop-back. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Mobile and bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'll know. Why do you want to take away people's faith in the Lord? Because some of the poor people in the people of the world that's all they have faith in, that's all they have to go on. It's not bad. Isn't that pathetic? What's your pathetic about a new? It's tragic. That you have to believe in fairy tales. That that's a substitute for a life? It's, it helps them. Let me ask you a question, Neil. If you were on an ocean drowning, who do you think you'd be calling upon? I wouldn't be calling anybody, sir. I wouldn't be calling to anyone. You'd be calling for God. I wouldn't be calling for anyone. I've had a gun held in my head. I wasn't calling for God. I thought it was moments away from being dead. I wasn't calling out for God. I'm not a hypocrite, sir. And I don't believe in fairy tales, but I have a nice day. This is the kind of guy. Oh yeah, when that moment comes, you know, you'll be all out for God. Just to cover your rash. Yeah, no thanks. We're talking emotional cripples. We're talking very, very weak people. Is what we're talking here. Maybe you guys guess what? Those people, you don't answer very often. You know what I'm saying? Like when all those people die in a plane crash, and there's a handful of survivors. And they say, oh, well, we prayed to God. He said, what about all the other people that were praying to God? Did he save them? No, he's got bad hearing. He's like, what's your name on a guiding light? Some minutes, the hearing works. Some minutes, it don't work, okay? And is she still going to be talking like that? Now that you know what I'm talking about on guiding light? Rick Bower's wife. I don't know what her name is. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a AT&T wildest line. Here's Daniel. Hey, hi. How you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah, all of it must be people don't have both the religious and the non-religious people out there. There's a little more tolerance for all of this. And if something makes somebody feel good, then to me, it's okay. When they start shoving it down all our throat. They want to keep shoving it down our throat. That's right. They want to keep shoving it down our throat. So anyway, Neil, I just think we all need a little more tolerance. That's all. Okay, God bless you, sir. You want tolerance? Look to religion, right? No. 560, 50560. You know, I just got through reading that piece right away. Instead of people responding to what it says there, which is all right on target. It's brilliantly stated. It's articulated so tremendously well. Oh, what do you want to take away poor people's crutch for? They can have all the crutches they want. They're not going to believe me anyway. I just like to have the opportunity to express a different opinion. Okay. Nobody's calling up Channel 45 and tell them they should stop their religious bullcrap and stop stealing all the money from those old ladies. Nobody's doing that. All that text we money that they're squeezing out that they never have enough of because God wants the money. See, God must be a compulsive gambler. He probably listens to the head of Kaplan Show. Uh-huh. Compulsive gambler. Because he bets on horse races if he would have wanted charismatic to win. But he wanted the, you know, 31 to one shot. I mean, if he's God's going to have a two bucks. He don't want the five 60 bucks. He wants 65 bucks back. Because times are tough. God needs your cash. Here's a mobile in the keys. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I was looking to show on first time caller and up to the 15th and on the 15th between the five and the first. The next two will be labeling these these problems that you have with God. Okay. Well, look, someone, when God gets your phone straight, now call us back. So we can understand what you're saying sir. Call us back on a phone that works. Five six, seven, five 60, palm five 60 on the 18th, two hours of line. Have any idea what he was saying? No. No. Here's David. Hello. Yes. Neil. Yes. Yeah. I wanted to say that I appreciate you bringing the topic up and I appreciate your opinion. You're entitled to your opinion. Obviously, I've won the strength of this country. But I like the rest of you. One of the things in the letter. Uh-huh. Okay. Not a letter. Okay. The things that you've been reading about Jesus when he tells his disciples that they must take their family. Right? Mm-hmm. That part, what he's teaching is he's teaching the people to love him more. Well, that was an accurate. Isn't that beautiful? Love him more than your family. Right. He's the creator. I mean, obviously. That's a sick message sir. That made your family. Yes, it is. It's not literally a nature family. It just means love Jesus more. That's all means. Okay. And uh, wrong. One of the other things about hell, uh, when Christians love times they've been following. I mean, what about what about that quote about, uh, you know, why he came here. Not why did Jesus come here? He didn't come here to send peace. He came to send a sword. Right. That is, that is the, to, uh, the sword is the Bible. Is, is a, uh, the sword, you know, is the Bible. And the Bible. Well, I didn't Jesus come down and create peace on earth. Why did he do that? Because man has the right to decide whatever they want to do. And that's why there's so much corruption on him. Okay. Thanks for your rationalization sir. You sound like a crazy person to me. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Oh man, God free will. Well, how come? If God had a time that man was always going to make the right choices. This would be, uh, like a hell hole. How come he's got free will? How come God didn't like, uh, you know, straighten this all out? How come God don't eliminate the devil and all the suffering and the disease and the crap? Can't answer that can you sir? No. No. Well, there's a witness. That's right. We have to constantly be tested. And we don't want to like our family members too much. We got to love Jesus more. Got to save our love for, uh, you know, somebody that will never see that don't exist. But we got to save our love for that. Here's Medley. Hello. Medley. Like I said, let's try a mobile and dear field beach. Hello. Hey, what's up, you know? Yes, sir. I just wanted to tell you a little story that I had with, uh, Catholic free. Uh, back when I was 18, I had just gotten out of high school. My father was convicted of, uh, on some cocaine charges, right? And it was always causing a bad end, right? So we used to be part of the Catholic church, and we used to go into these retreats and help our families to had troubles and all that stuff. So whatever, okay, the priest there, we needed some letters from friends and families over here, you know, until the judge saying, hey, you know, it was a good guy. You see, it was a church and, uh, that time we were having financial problems. So it was no way that he was giving any drugs. You don't want anything like that. So we asked the priest that that, that church to write a letter, you know, the same, what kind of guy he was. He was always over there, you know, um, donating his time and money to help, you know, the families that were having problems and the church when the hurricane came by, we even went with a big truck pull of a food down to home set, because he used to drive a, uh, an 18 wheeler. Yeah. And we gave food to all the people that needed food over there, diapers everything. We could, you know, that we got donated, we took over there. And he would always help the church and everything. That's what I don't do with people with criminals. He was a criminal and all this crappy stuff. Ah, well, well, maybe we're using the, the mafia. You see, the God publisher, they didn't have any problem dealing with the mafia. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Money, folks. That's right. Exactly. All right. You know, thanks a lot. You got what you, okay. Yeah. They don't have any problem at all. Deal with the Michael Coralione. Do you accept the Jesus? You did. Yeah. Yeah. I do it at a meat time, but I'm being bad about it. I'm still on people all over the place. But when they're contributing, you know, 80 billion dollars to the church from the Don Coralione foundation for the Michael Coral, whatever it was in Godfather 3. And when Sophia Coppola was saying, don't spend it all in one place, huh? You know, like that. And then, while you're in the bishop is saying, we have an understanding. And all I'm money is missing from the Vatican bank, which, of course, that part of it is a true story. Anybody know where it went? No. 560, 0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. See, it takes too much time to sit down and read and reason and think about these things. It's so much easier to accept just the way you were indoctrinated and brought up with a much of fairy tales and lies in bullcraft and just to plow ahead with your life, okay? Plaw ahead, like you don't have a brain. Here's Medley. Let's try it again. Hello. Hello, Niel. Yes, sir. I'm sorry about that other girl. There's a very short letter to the editor that really touches well on what you're talking about today. Yeah. And with your permission, I'd like to read it to you. I read very fast. Oh, and it says, let them question under your June 1, from page headline page. Young people are encouraged and praised for their program religious authority. I guess it is. They want to belong at Christian radio host is quoted. But where is the support for the much waiver youth who questioned the existence of God? Where was he when we needed him? Where was his angel set the stop? The tragic bullet that come by in high school. Right. And we approached a third millennium that has not denied support to the courageous doubters among our youth who aboard the boards of Lemming's blindly following primitive myths let them know of secular humanism and the great free thinkers of the centuries who lead humanity with science, reason, and enlightenment do a better world. Oh, God forbid. I'm telling you, that's a tough letter. Were we, which paper was that in? I'm here. I'll letter to the other today's edition. Okay. I got it. Thanks a lot. Okay. Well, by. Yeah. Once 26 at 560 WQM we have open line, couple of them 560, 50560, 560, on the 18T, while I was done. I wish it was at the New York Daily News that Hank brought in there. That's got on a front page, the big story. Hold it up there. So I can read it. It says, holy shot. LJ's 4.5 play. Clock 6. Clock 6. Six. Six. Six. Yeah. Holy mechanized. The Joe Boone would say it's all our that done it. Holy shot. I guess they left the eye off. Yep. There you go. All I wanted them to win the game. All I must have been betting on the Nixon was to have had a heavy duty a bet going on that game. And like I told you yesterday, that's why all these other things that happened, that's why all these things happened. And then I said, you know, get a car jump started this morning. The one that was given me a lecture before, but I'm going to burn in hell. That guy there. God was busy getting the minutes car started this morning. He don't have time for the rest of these things. He's too busy with ball games and horse races and getting this guy's a battery started. So like when I grew a little bit of Colorado says, yes, I believe in God, he didn't force the gun to jam or something like that happened or somebody to come running in from behind. One of the members of the SWAT team and save her life at the last second. One twenty seven at five sixty WM, at a thirty four five sixty WM, at a two at the hand go over to a clock. Here's a fact from Mike who says, what are these people so worried about? Just living be happy. There you go. See in H, do no harm. Do want to weather is living be happy. What a concept huh? Oh no, you got to believe this. You got to, yeah, I'm right. That old black magic and that black dark hand. Huh? Everywhere you look, there's something black and evil. Which reminds me, what are we going to do about the grill is in our midst? Here's my email. Hello? Yes sir. Yeah, I'll give you some peopleack and you will be, I mean, you know the, the church is all creativity because it's a stop from the list that you read in the pamphlet. And, uh, going to quote from an article on medieval religious practice. Artists in the 15th century often call attention to the penis of the instant or the adult Christ. And the cult of the Holy 4th skin was popular in the later Middle Ages. Oh, right. Although the Haydiographer Raymond the Papua, the artist of early modern Europe, the pick Catherine of Sienna has married Christ with a ring of gold and precious stone. Caffards herself says she married him with his circumcised flash. Brigitte of Sweden received the revelation from God saying, where Christ forced him with deserved on earth. And the Viennese, the guy in Agnes, Blanikin received the 4th skin. You know how? They sold it at the table. The typical sausages and one of those big jars in the brine, you know? Oh, no, but she said it was in the house. It's a case that's sweet as honey. Uh-huh. I thought you might like that. No, I don't. And have a great day. Okay, Jesus 4th skin was a sweet as honey. Oh, I mean, like that, huh? Maybe we'll be singing a different tune here before this show is over. Get the honey tune, yeah. 560, 50560, pound 560, on the AT&T wireless line. There's only one 4th skin in the world that I'm sure is a sweet as honey. Here is the Opalaka, hello. Hi, Laka. Let me say it again. Opalaka. That's what it says. Yes, sir. You sure say something in this book, but that's 4 to 5. You need to say that a good. Again, and said there's people on fire again. That is really something. You really say something. Okay, well, you said something too, but we just don't know what it is. 560, 50560, pound, do you know what it is? No. Well, whatever it is, he said something. Here's North Lauderdale, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, I'm a kind of talk about 4th skin, but I'm a con of the pro Christian perspectives. And I just like to say that you're talking about how there's laws evil in the world. And God's got love because he shows he's kind of the only to get in the sun. So they get to be alive. People even in your state. That's why that's what people who've stoned it at their disobedient children and the killed the enemies of the southern murderer. You haven't only you didn't listen to word that I read in that pamphlet. Did you? That was all part of the plan. That's got to go to plant for him to be stoned. If you read your Bible, he said, don't. Well, I, I tell you, if he comes out on neighborhood here, he can get stoned real fast. We got some mall or good to make in friends. Don't take care of him. Yeah, I'm lost. He's stoned in 15 minutes. That was brilliant. That was really a very perspicacious, sir. A lot more calls like that. And I don't think by the end of it by two o'clock, they'll all be saying, you know what, he goes right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. See, if you want to believe that there's some powerful creature that's got to plan like that, then all I can say, partner expression, heaven help us. Oh, man. Fuck about not having a prayer. I don't have a hand on you. Free drugs. Not a half free drugs. Two, two, part on take. Two, two, part on take. But the longest to the highest to the smallest who my fellow Americans, I stand before you tonight. Part on growing, part on expanding, part on rising. I reach out mine to all of you. A rock solid. Three drugs. Tonight I have free drugs. Two, two, part on take. Two, two, part on take. And as definitely join together and stand in the American people. Take it. 142 at 5. 60 WCQ. I'm how tragic I was saying how pathetic it is to me. When I hear a young voice like that, from somebody who's obviously been so well inducted and then brainwashing had all that crap hammered into his head and it repeats as if by wrote. And so we gave God give us only the gotten son so that those who believe I'm I'm I'm I'm I've ever lasting life. There we go with those grotesque stories of human sacrifice again. How about this? How about if God would have if there was a heaven and the same Peter was seeing there to judge each and every one of us when we died? How about if judge you on with he would be a good person or not? How about having a motivation for people to do good in their lives? So if there were a heaven and a hell, the people who were good people would go to heaven and the people who were good people would burn and hell as grotesque as they just wouldn't go to heaven. Because the none of the bad people would go off the 7.11 and say, oh thank heaven for 7.11 at least. Yeah. But no, instead of that, you got to believe these fairy tales and as a result, I'm going to send my only be gotten son whatever of course that means. So we can be, you know, nail up to a cross and have nails driven to his hands. And be tortured and die a grotesque horrendous death. Talk about a sick twisted hateful sadistic story. And as young guys calling it repeating it, because he doesn't have a brain anymore. I'm sure you're a nice kid, but you know, it's very sad to me that somebody like you has had his brain stolen. Remember, Frankenstein? How they had a steal the brain for the monster? Igor had to go get the brain. Yeah, Igor. Well, he wasn't biting that day, so we had time on his hands. And Igor went and unfortunately they got the brains mixed up and they stuck the criminal brain in there. But at least he had at least Frankenstein had a brain. These people have had their brains stolen and nobody's come up with their placement yet. Here's a mobile in the keys, hello. Hello, there. Yes, sir. Call him back to the guy that's connected to the poor. Okay, I can actually hear you. I'll continue with my conversation. When I was stating, we're basically, a lot of stuff you're quoting, our scripture that was written over 20,000 years ago. And it's a good few. 20,000 years ago? Or more. Where did you come up with that number? Where did you come up with 20,000? Well, you know, it's going to be a break of Christ. Is 20,000 years ago? Yeah. The birth of Christ. I'm sorry. I'm talking about 2000 years ago. Oh, okay. Well, I'll see 18,000 years of my year-old. Yeah. I'm not satisfied over technicalities, but what I'm saying is to love to say that that's God. You're talking about man-made scriptures, which are flawed. It's just what politics is flawed. Yeah. You can't say that that is... Someone who's gonna be in this politics, you say it's full of crap? I'm saying the scriptures were the most portable a crap, sure. Because they were written by men. They were written by men. They were written by men. They're very tales, yeah. Their territories tried to Explain something that is very difficult to explain. I mean, look at those nights. Well, they weren't written to explain something. They were written to control people. That's what they were written for. This is true, too. I don't, I don't know, I do that, fact. But then to say that God does not exist because of something that was written by man, it's not out in it. I don't think that's an accurate way to go about it. So let me ask you something. What difference does it make you have God does exist? Because if the scriptures are all bunch of crap, as you're saying, and I would agree with that, what difference does it make? Well, the difference is exactly what I said. What difference does it make? Well, I'm going to answer that. The difference that it makes is if you don't have appreciation for the miracles that are happening on a daily basis around you. Like what? Well, just the very fact that we exist. Look at the activity. Why? How about the cockroaches do they exist? Yeah. And does that have a God? Does that have a God? Of course. Does that have a God? The skill always is visual. Is that an individual God for roaches and man? It's one holistic God. Yeah. One holistic. Yeah. Based on what? Based on what? What? What an answer to the question. Man is in the intensity of understanding the miracle that is there. There are three little people. There are three little words that man should say a lot more, including you. And you know what those people are? I don't know. Thank you. 560560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. There's God made the cockroaches and the mosquitoes. Just like that bit then, then the song also says, you know. Everything that stinks, everything that bites, everything that infects, everything that causes disease, everything that's a real pain in the ears, God made that too. Thank you, God. Thanks for the mosquitoes, especially the ones that's biggest bowling balls. Thanks for the bullfold toads. Because he works in mysterious ways. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Thanks for all the new strains of disease that we can't cure. Yes, sir. Yeah. When I was a boy, there was this priest who's told the house all the time and I was close. Great. That's real cute. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. That was real beautiful. Here's Miami. Hello, Bill. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I'm waiting for a while now. I call three times and then I'll go for me. Just wanted to say. Maybe I'm going to the light here. My name is George. So, he probably doesn't. Okay. So, the thing that you put on earlier, I don't know. That it is exactly what happens. They do not know. What you believe is what you do not know. You ask somebody what is 2 times 2 if they know it's 4. They're going to tell you it's 4. If they do not know, they're going to tell you. I believe it's 4. Because they probably do not know it is 4. The same thing with the religion. They say I believe in this. I believe in that. Yeah. Do they know that? No. That's what they have to say. I believe. That's it. That's what I believe. And let everybody else alone. That's very simple. Isn't it? Leave everybody alone. You believe what you want to believe. And I'll believe what I want to believe. Why did they throw that to the problem? Whatever the hell you go. There it is. By the way, if there is a hell, I am going to help. As a matter of fact, where the hell died before me? I asked them to get me love a friend. Okay. I'll see you there. And for VSOM, Bobbi there, you're a maggot. We'll have a party for you. All right. Okay. Now, maggot rhymes with the priest. I must have been one another kid. We're talking about that. Had a little problem with that kid. Recto. Yeah.