That's been your first one to this time. Sports radio 560. Doesn't you kill a F, I mean, or monitor down presents the Neil Rogers show. They're talking to the old Colt 560. 0 560 toll free for David Rower. Or help 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil his guest callers are anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAF. Be easily read acquisitions or the be easily broadcast. No. So, Neil Rogers, I was sports radio 560. QAF. Neil. God. We had already gone for a minute. It's a minute. In turn for sailor rent. You just gotta blow the presents then. Don't tell a little tip or go. I'm a human human door. I check. Oh, so guise up my night chest. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You can't say that word. You know, we were sure that that was okay. Five o'clock by a virus. You. I think it was. Use the word. Use the same spelling with a P in the front. Yeah, one. Doug in the on the. But. No. I don't know what you're trying to do here. I don't even know where I'm at. I completely lost my. I'm sorry about that. I'm sorry about that. Go right as. Guys. From the top. You. To. To. To. You did. God. I'm. To. No. No. You. God. You. You. potencial low deeper soil. came up.ateurs. Instead you are the person who showed I'm not the never-reteld and every blow Let them the way you're not around I'll try not to make them ass Look, what such a guy to drop on my tripple Girl, me and my no-me Queen of the loo, yeah, I love the tripple Queen of the loo, one for my dry cleaner Queen of the loo Oh, that's right It's a new tune Yes, they are Thanks very much That was great, Pete Ann Wayne, Queen of the loo, no that is such a That's a Oh, that was right up there, was that to the kids? Yep, that's going to be a big no-question about it Okay, 1003 at 5.60 WQM And that's Bob Bull for those of you who are up in Sirato, Tony York who also did even idea the good stuff that he has he did It works the lotion in the basket That bit too That's going Bob, thank you WQM Hey listen, we don't have time to did a lot of They only got two and a half hours Until I dig Marlon's games 12 30 the Arizona diamond backs against the Marlon's We seek today to withstand their losing streak to six WQM Oh, yes sir Speaking You yes Any super big and zone funny if you put a last copy here and you're like Oh, the during the corner Yeah, you're in the break with those boring guys with us super last right great was good stuff WQM hello So anyway getting back to the show But I thought we had a little floor beyond there, but we got the this is asshole week here in Sirato So in the case you haven't noticed if you've been driving around you've already noticed that it's Ansel week believe me just look for your right look to your left their assholes all over the place Anyway, how do my friend Marcie's at Walgreens? This is an amazing story about the power of this show for the doubters and the skeptics out there in Medioland So yesterday after I go to Walgreens to pick up a prescription and there's a lady there who Usually works behind the counter and she's standing behind me on the customer side She says oh, you didn't even recognize me because I'm usually on the other side of the counter And Yati Yati Yati Yati She's very nice in the fan of the show and I said hi and she's up in the open park store now And so all of a sudden I hear Neil and I look in here's my old friend Marcie who used to work up at the cash register by the front she says oh my glad to see you And I thought what did I do now? And Marcie says the only reason that I'm back here is because of you and she tells me to make a long story short Because I was of on the came on here and mentioned that she was one of the few people in terrible greens on the corner and not held in sunrise by the way But they had evidently Shipped her out sometime ago and I wonder what she where if she disappeared if she had Mcciddonap like Madeline Oh here What happened or and all of a sudden that they brought her back because Neil said she was the one in the witch who was doing it She does that's for you Marcie good to see you And the assistant manager comes running over. They take care of you to prescription department I said yeah, it was good to see Marcie again. He says oh yeah, we just brought her back How do you like that for the power of oh god? I'm pretty impressed. I'll tell you that Tell you what else I'm impressed with even the way you don't like I did I hated that the Idiotic show he didn't the afternoon another one of those series bring your type shows the rawlo show And her all of those is serious piece you can do some pretty good stuff and on MSNBC again last night and how timely it was with all the Crafted mining international airport and our friends in non-American Airlines on American Airlines The war on drugs another great piece by her all the were Vera. I want to tremendous waste of time and money It is and what a gigantic flop and you know how other countries countries with the brain? Oh, there he goes again How they treat the drug thing is a public health problem not a crime problem And they don't lock up millions of people and put them behind bars because they're smoking a little weed or Doing a little blow or whatever they're doing How do you like that We've got this multi-billion dollar industry in America. It's called fighting drugs. Is it working? Oh no The war on crime like the guy said yesterday a crime is are the drugs are The Zarr and the Zarina Crazy people And of course, you know, it's not it's not so much the drug part that bothers me. Oh, well, see and and those people that are taking your 20 and 25 pieces of carry on When you go on American the reason you can't find movement in the overhead for all your 20 or 30 or 40 pieces of carry on is because there has to be room for the hand grenades and the automatic guns There has to be room up there for the good stuff so we can't let you put your 40 or 50 pieces of carry on in the overhead So the fact I mean smuggling drugs echoes on here all the time that part doesn't surprise me or bother me that much But what does bother me a hell of a lot is the unbelievably terrifying lack of security It might in a national airport. That's the part that really blows our minds. Okay, it blows and it blows our minds The terrifying lack of security at MIA Now I don't know about you If you a plow that airport a lot which I do But at many of the time I'll be sitting if the gate and I'll see these guys were like dressed likes of engines You know in a regular street close and I'll have the tag with the idea around their neck And they'll also have their little pass card and they'll go to the gate and they'll swipe their little card and the thing will open And they'll go off the down in Jetway somewhere and who knows where they're going or what they're doing and But only this is a standard procedure release that was up until yesterday That These employees even on their days when they're not working they just have access to anywhere and everywhere They come and they go and they do whatever they want and they go here and they go there and nobody pays any attention to them Because I notice that while I'm watching these people nobody is paying any attention to who they are or where they're going or what they're doing or what are they doing in there And yet Friday when I was going up to Toronto and I go through the checkpoint there I go through my the x-ray would luggage And my bag goes through in the one moment on the other side says oh is this your bag and I said yes So this he said you have an aerosol cannon there Would you open it for me? I said yes I do and I'd open it up and there's there is that dangerous can of right guard. Oh heavy duty baby Yeah, the worried about right guard And I have no problem. I mean you know I'd rather see that they're doing a little bit of something as long as they're not rifling through the whole bag and taking out your crap out At least they're doing something But if you're an employee there or at least up until yesterday You can come and go and back and forth and go to a terrifying story hand grenades in the overhead now we're talking They can value jet look like a bunch of clouds the one of the head clowns on the outside of the airplanes like a bunch of comedians Hand grenades and automatic weapons in the overhead And of course American Airlines they cooperated with a sting with the federal sting that you know Yeah, it's only a few it's only a small handful 9 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM. We got the marlins and the diamond vaccine 1230 so I'm gonna talk real fast great Is that thing real The open thing The rolling deck beneath your feet Sweating muscular men packed in cramped sleeping quarters is the new name Letting you reach steep to where you had never been before just a bath In heaven on earth the new name call your recruiter today Don't go More than a job It's an adventure 17 at 560 WQM. We got the diamond vaccine marlins then right after the game. We got the genie Johnson show And I'm sure that all the sports there's are hanging on the edge of their seat. Well, what do you think of What do you think of What about and of course the Tony Martin trial the the suspense continues man We're still waiting there's still a hung in fact there have been medical exams right now to make sure which one's They're on their eight women on the jury which is kind of interesting too. Let's see if they're hung They're still going on and on no verdict yet but our people of course are over there hovering You can be sure that the moment something happens will be splitting it all over the radio dial dozens of American Airlines employees in Skyshep caterers were arrested yesterday charged with smuggling drugs and hand grenades That's my favorite hand grenades and guns. They're worried about my right guard And guns on the past and maybe we can come up with the order rinse in in little containers shape like hand grenades That sounds good to me blow your pit towel. Oh, yeah. Oh, that looks for me to me take it right along. Sure. No problem. Sorry to bother As part of a federal sting authority say we've feels dangerous and intolerable security breaches at Miami International freaking airport. How do you like that? 58 airport employees were invited most arrested by federal agents at their homes before dawn Wednesday The culmination of a two-year undercover investigation that began when in pilot mistakenly sit the cup of coffee Laced with heroin smuggle on board in a coffee filter It was only the pilot what what a place for it. Yeah I bet he got you there in a hurry wherever you be going Among those indicted are the son of Puerto Rico's police chief 30 American Airlines rampant employees And American Eagle security guard 13 sky chef workers and three law enforcement officers An immigration inspector and agriculture inspector and that brow sheriff's deputy worked at the airport part time The case dubbed operation ramp rat an operation sky chef once again raises troubling questions about chronic security Problems at Miami's airport After repeated instances of employee theft and smuggling over the past decade little has changed. Oh Hey Among the many conclusions of the problems that existed MIA the airport is so wide open that workers merely flash IDs and traits unfettered Their bags unchecked airfield security gates sometimes go unmanned Just these people wandering around you know well they happen to work there not necessarily on that day, but they just decided to show up and See what they could smuggle. I mean what they could get on the planes These are individuals right even supposed to be working says US attorney Tom Scott they walked to the planes They were never challenged. They stopped they were never stopped and asked what they were doing there They even used American Airlines luggage tags to move around the airport By the end of this investigation he says the agents and I believe we could put anything on those planes that we wanted So that's what they did On July 22nd again on August 30 under cover agents hired a American rampant employees to smuggle three hand grenades in one hand gun on the past Your airline The weapons were secretly taken off the planes by agents, but the deed was done Scott said It cost us seven grand he said that's the price and date County the hairy hand grenades are guns on to an airplane One of the suspect erected Wednesdays the son of Puerto Rico's a high-ranking law enforcement official Jose Toledo, etc. and so on the son of Felicia pretended paid rotolito. I thought he was from Puerto Rico not Toledo Federal authorities say they have numerous videotapes showing uniformed employees passing unchecked To security points with backpacks filled with cocaine either handling them off to other cargo workers or placing them on to play in themselves The undercover agent said they paid corrupt employees five hundred dollars per kilo to smuggle the drugs Passing your security checkpoint and then hand the back of them when they voted the plane the cost was $1,700 for the employee to smuggle the drugs onto the plane directly sources said there were four or five crews We couldn't even close to because they only smuggle huge amounts at one law enforcement guy We didn't have enough money to pay them the price was too high As it was agents paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to the alleged smugglers operation sky chef led by US customs agents focused on the airline caterers We supply inside meals See and you thought what is this stuff that they use instead of a cream that powder milk stuff? What do they call it? Creamora or whatever that is yeah carnation Yeah something like that and not very clean yeah non-dairy Coke Yeah, that's what that was most of these employees were smuggling the drugs in compartments on the carts to help pass in your meals And they showed on the TV things how they had them taped on the bottom and the And the compartments and around your TV dinner and your beat bar store bag, etc and so on Let's hear it for my international airport. Oh, you got a can right guard in there mister. Let's have a look And what about that can a shaving cream and a little thing on the bottom? They were suspicious and caracas. We're not too sure about you here either because this is also a bit Annabot part of the airport and like I told you you'll notice that the operations there and I don't want to pick on a mercenary lines much All I have all weekend deservedly so because they really suck The way things are done in terminal C and terminal D the but Annabot part of MIA those terminals Very strange and very unlike anything you'll see in the rest of the airport. That's been my personal experience and like I said I've noticed these people I just sat there casually wondering who are these people at where are they going and what are they doing and why are they here? And why is nobody paying any attention to why the all these people just keep going back and forth? I'm not I'm talking going on to ransom where there's not even a plane there. There's no plane sitting there at that gate And yet here come these people to kind of look around and they oh, you know past they swipe their thing through there They swipe it Here's a mobile and for a lot of deal. Hello You know yes, sir. Yeah, you don't know how right you are about that airport I used to work there behind the scenes with the company. I don't want to mention anything Okay, it took care of all the doors and the security over there and they still do and everything is just like a big monopoly over there Everybody's getting their little kickbacks and their little paybacks and Kind everybody else this company that I'm talking about that's up here of all the doors and security over there They're doing math for years They got a couple of guys that walk around there. They don't do nothing all day just looking at doors that don't work on like this place. Yeah Oh, yeah, yeah, it's it's a joke believe me. They say it's it's it's incredible. I mean I I work there for almost two years and stuff I saw there I mean you don't even want to get into talking about the people that watch the gates and stuff like that I mean flight board international flight you name it which is one little lady standing there It could be a it could be a clean and lady for all aches Employees walking back and forth. That's just the tip of the iceberg. They got guys walking around there to don't even know nothing Passes to get into every room Passes to get out on the runways They got the pass the same pass to take you out to the runaway from inside the building We'll also take you on the runway if you're in a vehicle that has the right markings. Great. What a joke Okay, thanks for the good news and great look it out. Okay. Have a good day 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line nobody seems to concern about this like I said I'm the only guy that flies in this crowd You know all the rest of the people are the banana boat crab. They don't listen to this radio show Here's home. Stayed hello Morning sir. How are you okay? Uh a couple things on the plate today I haven't flown in years, but I know when I smuggle uh right guard. I always use my career lines. That's a good idea It's just right on through. I used to travel in the game. I think I have right guards sniffing dogs exactly In the 80s I used to travel a whole lot and we used to walk on the plane back then there was no security at all right You mentioned Walgreens earlier. I want to give equal times the Walgreens down on To a 296 and you have one in home sense. Okay, the people there are absolutely wonderful Everyone that works there is to run a pleasure. It is to shop at Walgreens instead of Eckards that I want to make Do it on here, but I do hate Eckards like Poison. Yes, they're good pleasure It is to shop at Walgreens because generally speaking and just like in this particular case They had a very incompetent young lady that was working in prescription department I made a comment on the year she vanished. I think they put her in locker in the room somewhere You'll ever see her again and if you make her hate so no seriously and they bring back the good people And they really try to do a job for you as opposed to the other drum Which I don't want to mention Eckards. We are staying online at the bottom If you're going to the biogad that pack a chewing gum It's got to be a half hour project if there's one or two people are funny Exactly exactly and there's there's always one register open and 12 people standing around and they can't open the other right and every every transaction is like a major Like the US government needs to come in the IRS and the CIA Exactly right so yeah another thing I have a full head of hair and you do a piece for Charles out here right and it's a wonderful wonderful Commercial ad bit whatever you call it But you do and it makes you want to go buy her piece but I don't need it Okay, well when it starts falling I'll just keep it in the box however. Yeah, yesterday morning I was watching People on put it on your chest like Austin power. I don't need that either commos grant but thank you I'll tell you you need to call or Charles needs to call Bob weaver. Yeah, weaver has a musk rat on it Does he? Yes, it is horrible. I don't know where he got it he must have bought it. They probably had an actor Maybe she called Ron and Sana on CNBC because Ron finally flipped off his growth test look in hairpiece that he had for years He know he took it off and now he's Is bald and grow test maybe my friend Ted David will call us one day and give us the inside story of what the inspired Ron and Santa to go Well, baldy And have a great day maybe he figured it would he'd start owning some sports themes of my work form. You know If you just get that bad complexion to it might put him over the top Speaking of that ball game. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah him too 567560 pound 560 on a mobile one line Great letter the editor by the way in the Sun Sentinel this morning Let Henry build his own ballpark from Marlins by ester Warren and David great letter Esther. I'm with you sweetheart Bring the ballpark to Broward. I think not why do the Marlins need a new stadium when they can't put behind in the seats now ask Esther Order John Henry statement about what baseball means to families and communities is nonsense Baseball doesn't mean anything to families and communities except for another silly way to spend our Tax dollars and the tax dollars of tourists that can be spent on more appropriate things I guarantee you that no one will suffer a baseball isn't played in South Florida says Esther right on sweetheart You're at a tutorial states that things fell apart for the Marlins largely for lack of a suitable stadium This statement is just irresponsible rhetoric on your part the Marlins fell apart will many high-pingo Barters championships bought his championships season and then rate the team of its value in the fans of their spirit Yes, Broward leaders need to run but not to the negotiating table the county needs to run away from John Henry and his very expensive grand vision We also said that John Henry's made a dramatic financial concession by stating he only wants to break even well If Mr. Henry wants to make a really dramatic financial concession let him dig it was own deep pockets Not ours nice going Esther Great letter one of the great letters to the editor ever printed in any of our goddamn Media or local newspaper nice going sweetheart and most of us echo you we say we second at emotion 560 50560 pound five 60 on our mobile one line 560 pound five 60 like I said this is a wacko weekman Fag get the medical week here at QAM just crazy people all week long I think they're most of the people but and in like yesterday I'm talking about living in other countries and even a young guy that called it was Kind of like younger than the age of a hundred crazy person Screw you Neil screw you and what do you know when it's filthy and all those drugs people I have no idea what to talk about I would have thought that after that call we had a whole bunch of people who have either lived abroad or are from other countries or no people who have moved abroad and Had you know like maybe a swimming and tells you a discussion about that did we have it? No, no, we had that the chronic is really guy given us the song at a dance about how he hated the Spain 560 50560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. It's gonna be a well-tank up. We only got two hours to go Got that ball game in 12 30 short show today and thank the Lord for that Sorry Go Foreigners person that you're level view Yesweek Taking many more, no one for worried than Vice President Albor If you go But full ofダタ to go alone. Only once more wouldn't end him and not be old But he'll come to life, Creation guys would like to know Long history, The story is the story is he's out The story is the story says he's out The story is first in that you'll ever be old The story is the story Because we had to get all these calls in before 1230 and Marlon Arizona game 567, the amazing part of this Not amazing because by now I find they come to accept it There's just nothing you can do about it This is just a place of deadhead This was the lead story on the All-Anational News Can't slice that CBS spent eight minutes on this story About the the sting, the federal sting, the two year operation And Miami International and about all the stuff that's going on And the people live here, you know what they're saying about all of these things Yeah, as usual nothing stays anybody here They have nothing to say about any of this stuff Just like the thing with the school teacher It makes no difference what it is So as we take the thermometer and stick a deep inside the background This radio station, all I can tell you is that the show on this And is doing sensational sizzling And the check there very nicely yesterday, thank you And on your end it really blows Every retard, every miss, but every one of you sit down Committed, not a con, not a con, not a meat But a bag of, you know something of no consequence Anybody who anyone want to thank you so much for listening By the way, the video robbed your show on 560 WQM as you do every day Just a waste of your life, just a waste of your energy A waste of human time And by the way, how about that 10,000 year old guy They found up there in Northern Canada With that very nicely made head and is walking stick Or that spear that call, I guess he was a spear chucker Yeah, one of each, one of each, walking stick and a spear chucker 10,000 years old, and of course the religion is now going Oh, it's more than carbon dating propaganda It's more than scientific, atheist, comedy, think of crap It's a conspiracy Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Yeah, you're doing me a favor Okay sir This thing about the American Airlines thing has me a sick And this problem we've had with the airport that the security is terrible It's been going on since I kind of want to free I think the federal government should start finding these airlines Thousands of dollars every time someone walks through those doors But I'll get you checked And you're going to see how that thing gets fixed This is a... And remember, you see for the passengers for those of us who pay through those Deflying all of these flights We have to have your picture ID And you have to go through the check plan And every hour and then they pick it random You've got to open up your bag and they rifle through it And is that right guard or what's in it So if you're a passenger in your pants through the nose, you've got to go through a big sun in the dance But as far as what they're doing to really secure you against these irresponsible people Who are doing that only knows what in there, forget about it I mean they make a big deal about not putting your luggage under the seat in front of you Yeah, and here there is people walking with... Well there's no room with those hand grenades up there Who the hell's got room for luggage? That's right Well, I just wanted to put my two cents into this And I hope American people can find millions of dollars for this Sound good to me, excellent. Well deserved, thank you Well deserved, say in a course now we understand why there's so late on all these flights It takes a long time to pack all those hand grenades and all the drugs and get all the stuff in the, you know, food carts Get it in the right spot, make sure it's secure 560560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line It's a hopeless cause this time and it's lost It's just lost Just once between now and 1230 I'd like to hear from somebody who has ever lived in another country Or aspires to live there or nobody who lives like in Western Europe somewhere in a real country As opposed to the embassy I heard from yesterday As if what they think really is going to change my life or change my life or change my How dare you? What are you just gonna do here now? Get out of here I'll get out of here when I'm good and ready Okay, that's when I'll do whatever I want and go wherever I want, okay? Punk That was great. That was one of the all-time He was getting so exercise and so psychotic That I don't want to live here the rest of my life And this isn't the greatest country in the world like he thinks it is If he loves it great more power to him But this is the this is human nature especially in every uneducated country If you don't have to agree with me, those screw you, you screw you I'll pass Check with Ricky Martin he might be more amenable Here's a mobile and four-laterdale hello Hello Yes sir Yeah, I lived in Spain for about a matured Spain for about two years when I was in the service He didn't live in the city And everybody absolutely loved it I myself thought it was fantastic the people were great Uh-huh As a matter of fact we'd be party in at night And there would be a guy just slumped on the sidewalk sleeping You know just passed out from drinking And everybody would just walk by him Nobody would even bother That sounds like that's not my any the main But there's no crime There's you go and you know they got those guards like to set with the movies Right Where are the major squares? Right There's no crime It's very peaceful So even I was awesome Great Well God bless you pal Thanks for all right Thank you See we got one immediately if not sooner Oh no you're wrong me a little screw you get out of here screw you I think I think that kid was getting ready to blow his brains out He was so agitated in psychotic because he just couldn't bring the over to his point of view You don't like it get out Well the last American priest but please bring the bag I mean just take a chill already Well you're just relaxed calm down It's not the end of the world okay? And maybe this is a vacation I just won't come back I was that sound sounds good to me Oh yeah Do the show on the ISD and they'll let it all the difference Here's Davey hello Yeah Yes sir How did the universal Saturday with Keynellis Didn't say no mind I'm sure he didn't know about me being there either And this is everything a bigger part Sounds like they asked over the eyes yeah Who's got nothing to say? Who called yesterday with the same story Nobody cares okay? Nobody cares that in fact they would have cared if they knew you were up there They would have kicked your ass out Retard 567560 pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile and four-laterdale hello Hey Neil I had a couple of things actually The first thing anybody that says Europe is dirty has got to be Is there more on because I've been there and it's not dirty It's dirty it's me it's like it's a vintage It's I'm with the Venice and it was such a beautiful beautiful city It's like I felt like I was walking through Disney World So this is a lot more dirty They don't understand the difference between dirty and old Of course the cities are old most of them Because they're thousands of years old A couple thousand years so naturally things are going to be old And they give the impression of being dirty Because they're not Gucci and brand new and modern and the neon sign All up like over here It was definitely the most beautiful thing I I've seen I would definitely go back in a heartbeat to Venice and anything Wow And the second part is about this the Eckert thing I mean I had an experience down in North Miami Beach Where I had a whole surgery and I had to go get a prescription filled A Tylenol 3 not exactly the hardest thing to fill And this lady looked at me like she was You woldered like never been to prescription school Like what's that yeah Yeah I'd said it would be an hour and a half to fill my prescription And I just had a surgery they wouldn't let you call it in I don't know if if you've all agreed Everybody else lets you call in your prescriptions But I'd wait now and a half went down to Walgreens Left in filled in five minutes to be in Eckerts There more on there you go I rest my case Thank you. Thank you sir. There you go We love Walgreens. We can't stand Eckert. That's just the way it is Not nothing personal a Jack Eckert doesn't know And anymore we couldn't stand him either But he's out of the picture and we still hate that Kind of like Schluckbuster Which by the way the good news is sound what is it called Sound warehouse is that that input they got a 40 place no not sounded by I think I'm getting a wrong sound warehouse is bought out the blockbuster A music store at least the one out there by me by the a saw grass Yeah and maybe all day I'm not the blockbuster video stores But the music stores which is great news roll is okay Not that we have anything against blockbuster The ball the one said something to do with it so we're not doing it And we're not really sure he's out anyway because one thing about him whenever he gets into something Just like that Marlon thing that everybody suspicious that he and John Henry are still Like joined at the hip whenever he's into something he never gets completely out I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah, you're not fooling anybody Twenty-four eleven at five sixty wq a m daddy when he gave George his bonus In theaters now from the director of star track and the producer of this spy who shag me It's the spy who shags far to our make you holdings. Oh, would you mind explaining that statement please You hold it here That's nice, but quite impossible. Oh, really crazy And that's from my anatomy being different to yours I am delighted well, they're aslomical. The league very long and judging from what you've seen so far I agree. Oh, the hey The spy who shags far And the show is shagging out. Oh, show is shagging out. I wonder what star please command. We'll say about that How long and prosper. Yeah, baby Ten forty four at the five sixty wq. I'm don't forget Marlon to the dining back twelve thirty So get your finger on the turning the knob off position Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you Neil? Okay. Good. You know, yes, but I happen to be listening to you show and thinking about law enforcement and government LH and Cs and use the word the hypocrisy which I totally agree and one thing that really gets me Particularly perturbed and sick with respect to this country's government is how all these elected officials Whether that congressman with a special committees investigating the president or it's the local DA data Miami These people are interested in serving the country They're not providing our facilities people Are interested in serving their own resumes, you know, going after what they is in easy Build a game in your own little empire. Yeah, can't get any round Not going after what's really important this country like let's stop you know Let's start with the people bringing the drugs into this country or the people killing people on a belly base It's in Miami and you know the going after I mean a Tony Martin for example to prime case I mean should them to be wasting the time in the school fall player. Yeah, you know You know, if I'm talking about whether there's a football player or not I mean it's an idea that there's all this attention being paid to it If he weren't a football player in this particular case, probably nobody would even pay Any attention, maybe there would have been no charges in the first place Right, and you know you go to Europe and I've been there a few times But it strikes me as you know there are far more less and I'm talking about you know the major countries there France and England Italy and Spain there are far less more serious crimes there Granite is a lot of petty stuff that goes on there drugs. I guess we're a lot of it's legal over there and maybe prostitution And have a lot of that. No, this is not illegal in West India. That's right Again, you walk into Europe and you don't have people like every day to somebody getting shot in Detroit And Washington, DC the Nathan Capitol But you better understand you American people. I've been telling you this for years Our brainwashed and believing that this is like normal life. This is the way things are supposed to be You have to just accept it and it doesn't go on in these other places. It's a reality. It almost never happens. Yes, I have a great thing But hey, you know, oh no, we're the best baby. Yeah, I'm going to more like crazy. We got kids blowing each other away in school But you know, this is what this kid that called yesterday is idea of a great country A lot of very gritty modern strip shopping centers. A lot of very big fancy shopping malls And a lot of guns, a lot of violence on a hatred 560, 50560 on a mobile one line like I said leads story on every major newscast The hours and hours been on in the last 24 hours. Nobody cares about what's going on in my International. Probably because all our people fly out of for a lot of day like this Must be nobody seems to give a crap Here's a mobile in for a lot of day. Hello How are you? Okay sir. You listen. I'm a long time listener first time quality And I tell you your attitude is just fantastic. You'd be surprised with the street. I'm Many people really think like you do. Yeah, I get like you know, where are they? They may have their listen to you because if you look at this I mean really what's out of their radio? It's out of Florida. There isn't much I go to the internet now. If you have show. How on the internet, you know, for a couple hours. I can't even look at television anymore. It's so boring. Yeah. You know, just nobody has any opinions That's crazy. It's all happy. Okay. That's why I saw glad MSNDC We ran that Harallo piece last night on the stupid war on drugs and what a failure It is and all the millions of people that are behind bars. Mostly minorities by the way. It's at a disgrace. And nobody gives a crap. You know, it's like this Toni Martin thing. Okay. I coastline the loan for a friend of mine. Oh, that Bad credit. He blew it out. He was at the developer. Yeah. Okay. And I can't get a car. I got the cash. But I, you know, I don't have credit. He paid me to two years up front for lease I signed for. Yeah. I mean, you know, I did ask him when a money came from. I mean, you know, really wish, you know, to get paid me. You know, I know to guys forever. You know, regardless of, you know, this guy might be a dope dealer. And you know, he just don't do. Who knows who really knows the truth anymore. Right. Exactly. They, they feed you all this over. And then when you see somebody acquitted you cities, how do we get off? Because you're only listening to the side of the story for Lenduzcast. And this is interesting too, because back in that, this is in a city back in 1980 where the mayor who was then Maurice Rader that Jack is, he said, well, you know, we don't have to worry about this recession. That's the rest of the countries in now. Back in 81, I guess, it was after the Reagan recession started. But I have to worry about this because whether it's good or not, we got all this drug money coming into this market. We're never, money will never dry up here. That's what dope city anyway. Before that, it was alcohol pounds money and all those wide guys that came down. Yeah. You know, they just, they, they're the Cuban Exodus. You know, that's what that's what built it. Last night I was on the, you know, there's a web page is, it's on swappage.com. It's got a chat room with your name on there. And they got only how it's third people. You know, I can't even look at his show anymore. Yeah. I mean, disgusting. I think guy has no opinion about anything. Well, it is, it's looking at chat rooms on the internet is like, you know, it's like a debt wish for get it. You find every, every, every, every missed bit in the world is on chat rooms on the internet. These chat rooms are pretty good. You know, because they, you know, they have design topics. And it's with people who have an opinion is they say, your name comes up constantly over that. Yeah. And it's a, it's a shame that a lot of people, you know, in the big cities up north, though, really know who you are. I wish you could, I will, you should do the ISD and I'm glad that people down here don't know who I am. Have a great day, pal. Okay. 5, 6, 70, 5, 50. Got the eight minute open lines here this morning. Two calls on a board and this is just amazing new people. It's astonishing. Nothing moves the people in his town. Nothing. You could take a guy named Cannon and shoot it off out there in her. And of course, we got to remember they're all going up there to buy their plywood near our bottle water and batteries. Even though little Brian Norcross is, well, he's trying to bring them all back over here all three storms, but they don't look too promising for that to happen. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound. Maybe we could put an old Marlon game on right now. And I get on here a little bit early. Okay. You can literally start my vacation. Sounds good to me. I mean, I hate to be wasted these people's time. Right through the country, things that was pretty good. Them, uh, shocking and astonishing what's going on over here. And our major airport. No security. People putting the hand grenades. People getting paid off the boat. All kind of heroin, cocaine, you name it on a plane. Nobody cares. Hey, we don't get, and you know something. That's why you've got all these crooked politicians. That's why you've got the horseball services that you got here because nobody cares. Don't blame anybody else. Don't blame the Cubans. Don't blame the Jews. Don't blame the Goi. I'm still blame it. Just looking at Mayor and blame yourself. Nobody cares. That's why you got kids going to school in portable classrooms. Because nobody gives a flying crack. Man, are you people tragic? And you wonder why I want to get there a lot of this joint? I'll take the money. Thank you. And for a while, they're on their show for a few weeks. We were actually at no comes to the shock. Have it a pretty good time there for a couple of months. Yeah, a little bit of response. I mean, compared to other summers in the last few years, was it was getting out of coming along. And now all of a sudden, it's like, oh, well, well, whatever you want to say, Fangit, you know, that's it. That's the response. The matter what it is. Is if that's a bulletin, okay? Fangit, yeah. That's me. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm calling about the American Airlines thing. If you look at the list of the names, 90% of these people are Hispanic. That is correct. I had a list right in front of me. I would say that they couldn't get into Canada. They couldn't get into any other country, only here because they were public. So, what we use is on your own, sir. Okay. You know, and, you know, it's your Republican Party's down there finding them up as soon as they hit the beach for boats and taxes. And that's all these guys care about. I'm not representing the rest of us. That's all I got. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. We got all of our ways on top. And, as I'm Brana on the bottom and Valés and Rodriguez, Sarah Gonzalez and Isquiero, and Marate and Martinez and Montalva and Munoz and Pena, Pena, oh, I'm sorry. Isada, Isabel de Casat on Cine. I just like that name. He's about to castad. Oh, I loved the way she used to say. I used to get chills when she was. He's about to castad. Oh. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Yes. Good morning, you know. Yes, sir. I agree about the American Airlines situation at my A. Pretty scary to see those people walking around in the lack of security. Yeah. However, last night on the news when the DEA agent got on, you know, got on television to talk about it. Right. What was really scary was that they said that it was a two year undercover sting operation. And that the only reason it came down now was because they ran out of money. What about this ongoing criminal activity? So in other words, are we led to beliefs that no arrest would have happened if money, if the government money, would have kept going in? Yeah. That crossed my mind to what they were waiting for. I mean, how many, how much evidence do they have to have against some of these people would seem to me that the first? I guess they figured that as soon as they made the first busts that that would, you know, the activity would cease. They'd find some other way doing it outside the airport. But I mean, how long have they let this go on before they start nabbing some of these people? Right. Exactly. Or do they just want to continue like a cushy assignment just walking, you know what I'm saying? Well, that's what the DEA is all about anyway. I mean, that's, you know, it's a self-fulfilling prophecy and a self, you know, continuing organization. I mean, if the drug problem ever were solved, it is if we're going to do it, which we won't. But if it were, they all be out of business. Exactly. So that's all I got. I just made that observation. Okay. Thanks a lot. That's, you know, it's a very sad thing. This whole DEA. And that's what her all the pointed out last night. Other countries deal with drugs as a healthcare situation. This country deals with it from a criminal justice standpoint, put everybody in jail. That's how we're going to solve it. Is putting people in jail, going to make them want to stop doing drugs? No. Does it make, you know, it's like prohibition of anything else. And that's why, like I said, Canada, Netherlands, civilized, kind of Australia. They know how to deal with drugs and with people who do drugs. Not here. Oh, no, you're full of crap, Neil. You're full of crap, screw you. Okay. Hope you have a good time. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. It's a time. That's what you do. All right. All right. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. No more will he rise. No. There's no more doctors on the enterprise. Souls. Don't you're anymore. But, Scotty would. No first for sure. We love phones. We were so beyond touch, sweetheart. We love phones. They can't save it like they can't find. No. Of course, God underground, when no man has gone before. And phones. They're going on this game. Especially when he said, damn it, Jim. Dead. Boom. We're going to miss you. 11 o'clock here in the land of the dead in the home of the grave. How's that going? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the 18t line. George has got a great bank story. I'm sure that he'll be telling you next few days. You can tell us story or not. It depends on how those letters go out. Yeah. It depends on how they're written. They're going to have a great no their mistake. Oh my God. Don't tell me another bank with another mistake. That embarrassed to have you and put you in the in the crapper. Maybe look like a deadbeat. Yeah. How unusual. Here's Hire Lee. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You hit it on the head man with the buckman. He international. I'm calling about that. And what the gentleman said on the air, not too long going to fall. And that the 95% of the people who are who got busted were Latin. That's a message if I don't, you know, I think that's definitely a message to go out there. I don't understand why we can't tighten up the immigration policy in this country. What's going on? What's going on? It's called chaos is the word you're looking for. I think we don't have an immigration policy. Exactly. And this guy that called me yesterday, give me a song to dance about. Oh well, there's all these people lined up knocking on the door. Try to give this country. Yeah, they're all trying to get here on banana boat. Those are the kind of people trying to get in here. Our celebrities people coming from rampant poverty. They're not coming here from political reasons. They're coming here because they're starving to that. Well, both in the government know this. Of course the government knows this, but the government is in that. The government's stupidity putting people going marijuana plants in here. Backyard and jail. We don't have the resources to take care of this. I mean, I don't think they can consensus as to how our cities, especially the cities in southern Florida. They're being labeled. They're angled. They've written off soft Florida long time ago. They've been back doing the Reagan years. They told me that right on the year of people from the state to Berman. They've written this off. This is just a landing place for illegal aliens. And they've written it off a long time ago. What do you mean written it off? Just what I said. Those are their words. Those are people from the Reagan state to Berman back in early 80s. How can they write off a portion of the United States? Really easy pal. Read my lips. Just look around you and see what's happened. And then they ask yourself is it possible it could be any other thing. I'm going to pull her. Okay. See you there. I'll be there. Oh, to Sicily baby. If you went off for the camera view straight in there, I saw it. We're going to go see the black hand. Or just go to over town and see it. 567. 567. Or just bring in. Roll and see it. And the hand too. 567. Hey, right. Give us a hand here. 567. 560. 560. On the 18. Well, he's got the one hand is occupied with that black instrument. Where did that go by the way? Oh, thank God. I get nervous when I've vanished. Cause I'm afraid he did a little bit again. He did it. Did it. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Anyhow, you don't want to hear? I don't know if you caught last night HBO, which had the Lenny Brew story. No, I did not. Broken down real, real nice. It was a 90 minute piece. Yeah. And I can relate to it. It seems to have a great influence, I think, in your life. Because you, you, you, you were so hot so much in common with him. And here's a true role model. He doesn't have any influence in my life. You have any influence in your, no. Because you, like you say about saying the end word and the sense of time. No, then there's just a lot of similarities. Yeah. Yeah, he's a great influence. But yeah, he was, of course, the way he ended his time. Absolutely 35 years ahead of his time. Exactly. It shows you what the government did. What they will do to carry out their agenda. What they're interested in along with the Catholic Church, the Pope. And, and what just been a great story. And, I mean, I know it's going back. But it's really tells you what the government's agenda is into the bedrooms. And it's still pervasive today. And the violence, which separates us, like, from Europe. We have, we have a lot of the same petty crimes. But ours is a violence society. And that just seems to go by the wayside. And it's a sad commentary on taking a guy's speech and so on. And what's similar to that? Yeah, we've got the word police, right? You know, they can, they can be put in all kinds of automatic weapons out there. And they, all right, one good thing, one little piece of good thing. I don't know if you saw the CBS news last night. But now that they did that expose a two nights ago about all these police departments, all over the country, selling their, their worn out weapons to gunna, the dealers and creating their weapons. Now they're taking a look at that. And some of the police departments are going to change their policy. And what they're going to do is they're just going to destroy them and give it them. And so it's going to put more weapons back into circulation. Well, if they had interviewed a assistant district attorney in New York and, and of course, the New York was was the end for, for him. And the guys, you know, present day, well, see, we really didn't want to get anybody in trouble. You know, if we could have avoided it, I mean, it's so condescending. It's just, it's not going to change. It could be George Bush and, and, and George anybody. It's just not going to happen, no matter who's in the police state. I mean, the institutions are already in place. You know, no one individual is going to change that. The candidates found that out. Right. And just, you know, everybody go along and collect that paycheck up in the government. There week after week. And they're not out to fix anything realistically. And it, it, it, it really, the whole system needs to be stripped down from bottom to top, to bottom both ways, but it's, it's a bad system. I'm sorry. And then you people are right and that save this country. It's so far behind the times we should be embarrassed. The education, just the priorities, it sucks. Just the educate, forget about healthcare, forget about all the other things that are wrong here. Just take a look at the education system. It lags so far behind the rest of the, so-called Western, either civilized, or, let it's an embarrassment. Ben Cohen was on the, the Washington Press Club from Ben and Jerry's, you're, you're favorite. And yeah, to demonstrate what Oriole Cookies, the defense funding that, uh, spending a budget $280 billion and, and going out and getting F-22's when our F-15's is still the, the most, the education is 10 billion in healthcare for, for kids, the 11 million kids without a disability. The priorities and no one's doing anything. You know, show us, you know, like he says, I mean, we're, we're, we'll find some, uh, somebody to build a stadium though. Yeah, right for a billion. There we go. Yeah. Sports, let's win, rah, rah, hey. Okay, have a good one. Get your pom-poms out. Yeah, and now we're number one. Well, we'd be number one. We can't be saying it, but we'd be it. You know, if you can't say it'd be it. Do we be it? Huh? Oh, we'd be doing it. Five, six, seven, five. Just like I said, this is one, you know, if I were a black person in America, I would be so pissed off. I'd be so angry. I mean, our million things that could be angry about, but the, the angriest thing I would be about is the fact that the education system purposely, this is an institutional racism. And the, help, they aid in a bet. They perpetuate a system where most young black males are illiterate. They're functionally illiterate. They can't speak proper English. And of course, like Harala pointed out last night, the racism as far as the drug arrest or concert, it's unbelievable. The number of young black men who are behind bars for petty drug crimes. You saw the piece the first time in jibber the two mothers. The one, the one woman who was desperate because her kids were starving to death. She did the, she took a very minor or a lot of cocaine and transported it. And they nailed her ass. 20 years under the rocker from her loft, there in New York under a crazy law from a crazy governor from 1973. 20 years minimum. She's got no chance to get out. And the judge who did the sentencing, a wedding, no choice because of the mandatory law. She's the one that's championing the cause to try to get these willing out. That's America for you, baby. Like I let me say it again, read my lips. Civilized countries deal with drugs as a healthcare situation, not a criminal problem. Yeah, there are people that are trafficking in large amounts of heroin and cocaine stuff like that. Yeah, that never comes to criminal problem. But as far as the average small user was concerned, not dealt with as a criminal problem. But in America, we like to make criminals out of as many people as we can. Everything you do is a crime. Do you want to a swing club? It's a crime. Every guy dancing, you do. If you get an erection, if you get a wedding in Broward, it's a crime. Yeah, the virginity police will come along and give you little squeeze. See just how hard it is. Oh, you're going to jail, baby. And the public sits out there and accepts this. Like this is a civilized place. And his kid calls yesterday, he's given me a lecture. This punk who doesn't know his ass from my elbow. And he's given me a lecture about the world. Man, you got, you got, but it get your brain out of your back dome pal. Because you got the brains. So maybe like I said, it's in the right place. I'm in a Sanctuary 11 at 5. 60 WQM. It works so large and in the basket. Oh, yeah, come on. You're way through, you got the bottle. It's been a sudden effect. He's grown so much from a wall in his right. But nothing's wild and full of fake cowl, or sick in a village. But doesn't you look good at job and he's so man to do it. But can you do that? That is tough. Just in you, just don't have to stop. Who put you down the drain of? And hang me out the back. You can't keep out of the business. Go get them out of the back. You'll break your onto pieces. But the cops are going through it. Oh, he does the news. But that's how the nipples are up to through it. It's a sudden 14 at 5. 60 WQM 5. 60, 505. 60, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T line only. And our quarter away from Marlon's baseball team. It's a sudden 14 at 5. 60 WQM 5. 6, 70, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T line only. And the quarter away from Marlon's baseball. I have to say about that. Marlon's in the Diamondbacks, Razorbacks, whatever he'll name is. And then of course we got the Jimmy Johnson show. We could be special. We got the Jimmy Johnson show right after the game. Every time I hear that, they also have a TV version of it now too. I just don't know whether to pee in my pants or just to fall on the floor left. God. Because it's so important. The way he says it. And of course, you know, that's his job is to take something really, very marginal and silly. And try to make everybody think it's really important. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. I just wanted to add my two cents on the Miami International Security problem. First, let me say that I'm a university Miami student. And before my parents moved down to Florida, I was flying back and forth quite a bit. Now, I have a backpack. This is most students do. And I have a little piece of duct tape wrapped around one of the straps, which, you know, I'm finding out. Right. That's right. I need to run. Every single time I go through the metal detector, they send it through the X-ray machine. They don't have a problem with it, but they got to take it over to this little machine. I almost missed my plane every time because of this. They have to do this little test on the duct tape. See if I have any plastic explosives on me. Yeah. You know, I don't really have a can of white garden there too. You really got problems, man. I don't know. I use that piece. Good. That was not it. You know. So, you know, they really should be spending their time on more important things. You know, getting their dogs working a little bit better, maybe. I don't know. But thanks for your time. Okay. There you go. duct tape. They're very big on that. But you know, hand grenades, automatic weapons. Well, there's, you know, where there's a world as a way. Makes you kind of feel unclean, you know. Especially all the flying I've been in and out of that airport. To think all these scumbags that are in there doing all this crap. And like I said, I don't really care about the drug part. Doesn't bother me because the drug thing is out of control in the script. The whole thing is a joke. Doesn't bother me, and leave. The hand grenades in the automatic weapons in the overhead. That I'm not too crazy about. But the idea of the no security, that makes me a little bit nervous that part, you know. No security basically is what we're talking about. As to make you really wonder. But nobody else needs to concern about it. So let's hear it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pon 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Four waterdale. Hello. Hello now. Yes sir. How are you? Pretty good. First time a long time. I wonder how much security they could pay to put in there with a 29 million. They're in the toilet with that concern. They're spancing. They started and then they couldn't complete it. So they just said, well, school, we just could lose the money. But anyway. We, uh, kind of my wife and I just got back from a wonderful trip. Uh, Paris and Amsterdam and Netherlands really. But how did you survive? I mean, at kid yesterday told me it's so filthy and dangerous over there. Well, you know, you, uh, go to bed like that. It's like only after three o'clock in the morning. Yeah. Got to tell you that probably a couple of years. Hopefully when I finish my engineering degree, I'm going to go right there. Other ones is the most beautiful place I've ever seen. I cannot believe. I'm civilized country in the world. Yeah, you know, and education system best health care. Yeah. I have a net, uh, cousins of mine and, uh, I'm going to, uh, and for the first time. And, uh, man, they filled me in on all those, all the goodies. I mean, you know, people who aren't, uh, you know, members of the Terrasport. And, uh, yeah. I mean, you know, one of the comments was like, how poverty is virtually impossible. You'd have to try, you know, for having to work at it. Yeah. It's just the social system. Do you whole approach seems very, it's a dance. And I think, well, I'm, you know, all the time, I've been over there by 50 times. I've never heard anybody because, you know, I just read everybody's speaks English. I never heard anybody, uh, complaining about the fact that they can't walk around with guns. Yeah. And I know, in our area over there. Yeah. So, very few, uh, police and, uh, we were in Amsterdam for two nights, uh, out late, of course, enjoying everything. Right. Everything. And, uh, never ever once. So, threatened or unsafe. You know, you had all of these, you know, what you would otherwise refer to like a drag as society, whatever running around. All of it, everybody else. Same thing in Rome, same in Florence, same in Milan, same in Berlin, same in Colone, same in Stockholm, same in Copenhagen, same in, uh, uh, Paris, same in every city. I've ever been in the Western Europe. You don't see it like, uh, you have to look over your shoulder like you're going to get mugged like you're going to get murdered like anybody's going to get shot. And it doesn't happen. Yeah. Doesn't happen. Even though my relatives are very paranoid. I guess that's that world war two thing, you know, they were there during that. Yeah. Of course, you're lucky to hear a plug. They won't have to hear people speaking German. They'll feel like, yeah. Even even hearing Dutch, I guess. It's the first time I heard them speaking Dutch, I had a little bit nervous. I have a question before I have you ever been to Delft. Oh, no. Wow. You know, next trip, make it a point. If you can, because it's close to Amsterdam, it's, of course, the world same itself blue comes from there. Right. And, uh, man, I gotta say, even even, uh, if you like Amsterdam, it's, uh, you know, I don't know if it's got all the good things. See, and that's one thing about Europe too, is that because it's so compact, you can get on that, they got that great train system. You can up on the train and be anywhere in the hotel. You go to Colone from Amsterdam in two and a half hours. Yeah, we took the tell us, actually, you know, you know, from Paris and around trip, because that's where I've, you know, we're in and out of, uh, but, uh, yeah, just really, really an eye opener. You know, and I love for a lot of it. I'll not, you know, I just right live, and not going to knock, but I'll forward it too much. Not too thrilled about raising families here. Both of us are working, for instance. Uh, however, you know, if you're paying attention, I think you can do a cage about anywhere. The world. But boy, I got the, you know, from what I've seen there, and especially, you know, with it, what they've done with the water and the whole, uh, the Delaware Works Project, and that's kind of my specialty of study. Uh, I guess I have another reason also to go, but yeah, the society, just the people, were very nice, friendly, the way they raise their children, the children aren't exposed to TV, they had violence, young, um, you know, these kids, they start speaking, uh, teaching them English at that. 10 years old, you know, just the whole different approach. Okay, pal, see you there. Thank you. Okay. See you there in three years, pal. 560505. Oh, gee, Neil, get out of here. You can't see that. Get out of here. You, uh, you scum bag. Okay. In time. Remember what Linda Blair said? In time. 56050560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Orlando. Hello, Rob Alacco. Somewhere up there. Oh, Alacco. Hey, Neil, hi, you. I saw the old. I didn't listen to your show. I'm not enjoying it. But you know, Neil, I was thinking, I thought, come to me. Yes, sir. These people took an early drug zone planes and weapons. What do you think about the people? They're about to give an out of thought. If these people are easily getting drugs, they're now weapons home planes. You think about the nature of people getting only planes. Sure. That's another good point. That's true, Neil. I don't know how many passports are getting like passed and smoke back for a phone and idea. You know, I'm not just modest person in the world, but yes, still, you know, I see a lot of things that people don't never mention. You know, people getting plane these things on planes. What do you think about security or the people that put in weapons and planes on? Yeah, especially some of the people I used to get on the plane. First of all, American Airlines. That's what you're... Okay, Neil. I guess what I'm talking about, I live for you and I enjoy your show. I listen to you all the time. I'm a truck driver. I run out cross-talking about, whenever I can, I'll pick you up and I give you a call whenever I can. All right. Thanks a lot, man. Thanks. Thank you, Neil. All right. 560-560-560 on the AT&T wireless line. What are we going to do? My main international, like I said, that $29 million, I think, could have beat up security a lot, but I've just been there for a few days. All that balloony they gave us after, you know, the major crashes and the air be time. What they do is they clamp down on the decent people, and you've got to have 85 pieces of ID, and you've got to have 72 checkpoints, and you've got to do this and got to do that and you got to do that and you got to do that and you got to do that and you got to do that. But in the meantime, the scumbags then get to know problem at all. Here's your field. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. Hey, doing. Great. My name's Craig. And I have a problem with the Broward County Sheriff's Department. Yeah. They have a certain policy of the sheriff being able to bring their police cars home with them. No. And I call them as a security officer. What's the problem with that? Well, the thing is, is there, you know, for eight or nine hours a night, they're sitting there watching mud and the golden girls, while people are out roaming the streets, and I call one of the commissioners. I don't understand. They're not on duty 24 hours a day. I don't know. But why should they have the cars at their home for their leisure? I call the commissioner, and he told me that he finds it's a good crime deterrent. Yeah. It would seem to me. And you know what I agree with him? But no. No, see, it would be a better deterrent. They have police car, police men in the police cars. Sir, you know, I'm not the biggest supporter of a lot of the police. The bad police anyway. Nobody supports bad police. But I'll say this much too. When it comes to the deterrent, I know this for a fact, and you know it too, because when you're driving, I'm coming to work this morning on the turnpike, and an FHP guys got some women pulled over. I'm going to tell you, and I'm not justifying this or agreeing with it, but the traffic slowed down at least 15 miles an hour. Even though there's no other cops around, but just the sight of that police car forced everybody to slow down to a crawl. So if you don't think that that's the deterrent, just to see a police vehicle, because nobody knows for sure whether there's somebody inside. I think, in this case, I haven't been rude with him. Okay, now, but listen to this. In my particular subdivision, it's a very small one. It's called Waterford Homes. There are at least six policemen that live here. The guys that mow their lawns mow around is the cop cars. These cars haven't moved in days, and I know that for a fact. What do you mean they've had more around the market? They're sitting on the ground, they're sitting on the lawn? Yes, and these cars are just sitting there. Yeah. There's nobody driving them. Okay, well, listen, I'm glad that you have such a rich full life. These are the kinds of things that you have to worry about. I wish I had this guy's problems. And I think most of the audience probably shares my feeling. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in the Gabel's. Hello. You? Yes, man. How are you? Okay. Listen, I want to share with you a delightful experience I had with American Airlines last year. Mm-hmm. I was wanting to catch a plane, and I was stupid enough to be carrying Louis Vuitton luggage. So I dropped it on the thing. These two ladies pull me over and start going through my bags. Then they take my bags away. They come back and I'm late. They come back and they make me sign. They say, sign this paper that everything's in your bags. I look at my bags. I see my wallet. I see myself on. I see my checkbook. And I say, I sign it. I run. Yeah. I get on the plane. No jewelry. And no cash. Boy. So I was robbed by American Airlines security. How much did you have on you? $300. Oh, nice. And I was money for my trip and a whole bunch of jewelry. So I got on the plane. I went nuts. I made a police report. All I wanted to do was to have them check the tape. I knew who the women were. And American Airlines said to me after a lot of fighting. They said, we job those people out. We're not responsible for their behavior. They're not real American Airlines employees. We contract with you. Oh, let's go into your personal. Let's say we'll real airline employees. Please raise your hand so we know. That's exactly right. No responsibility. All I wanted was an apology. I'm not getting fleeced by a pit pocket. But once security robbed you, that is pretty pathetic. Unbelievable. Okay. Thanks. Go into it again. How do you like that? Oh, we're not our job. Okay. We don't know nothing from that. Basically they told us. Yeah. Like I said, never again, baby. No more terminal C or D for me. No good by American. Good by American forever. Have a great life. Good luck to you. But no more that chaos. No more that's a closest that you call operating in airline. 26 past 11. It's only a little over an hour away from the Marlon game. Can you feel the pressure, but can you feel the excitement? Let's tension in here. We could be something special. Yeah. Okay. It's 11 30. We don't have a lot of time. Okay. We better move along fast. No. We better move along. We only got an hour to go until the Marlon's game. I think that was an active god is what that was right there. Oh god. Kind of like misfired. 567. 560. 560. On the AT&T line. Don't forget the Jimmy. We could be special. Johnson show right after the ball game. Which is a good way to play with your emotions. Because I'm sure most of you don't want to listen to the Marlon game. But you'll have to keep tuning in and out to find out when Jimmy is on with the mad dog. Here's a mobile and del Rey. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. How are you doing today? Great. I want to make a comment about that last call. I called up on the police officer for the sheriff's office for many years now. And I happened to live in that water for community. That's why he called her in this idiot on the phone. Right. You know, we do that. Okay. It's because of the deterrence. And it's basically that's why we didn't let us take it home. We're either traveling the next day. We're working that day. Okay. It's better to have it there because it produces a climb in the community. I couldn't agree more. And in water for the community. And any problems, you know, since I've been living there for the many years now. And what is that? What is it? It just makes it made. It made it. People in South Florida. Well, we're pretty much out of Florida because he has no life. This is the most important thing he's got to worry about is whether they're moving the lawn around your police careers. Yeah. I'm sorry. I think I'm particularly no one does get on the puck. My call in front of me is a door. I'm going to be all done here. It's ridiculous. Okay. I know. Okay. Hang in there. Yeah. Some of you yenters out there. Of course we know a lot of people in South Florida. Like I've said, that's kind of the state motto. Some states have, you know, the show me state. Our motto when this state is. I have no life. Right. And that guy just wants to live up to it. His busy being the enter. I like seeing the police. Because just like I said, the first time I like to roam and saw the soldier out there with Eusey under your shoulder standing in the middle of a busy street. Quenerat. What is this? I've been in a republic. And then the next time I saw my thought, hey, this is pretty good. At least I know there's no scumbags out here going to rob me. Except maybe the gypsies. Oh, there you go again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Just remember one thing. Okay. Misrobable people will be miserable anywhere. It doesn't make you know, you could put them in paradise if there is such a place. And they'd still find some reason to gripe and bitch and belly ache and be unhappy no matter what. It's like over the years of, you know, raved about Vegas, which is my favorite American city. It's a great place. If you can't have a good time in Vegas, then you must be either brain dead or you ought to be dead. But they're been a couple of people. Oh, yeah, we didn't know what was the big deal out there. And they're, oh, you know, little rushing to the light with a fully loaded gun. Sounds like a good hobby for some of those bastards. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? Hey, I'm a former police investigator from Boston. Yeah. And I just happened to be lucky enough to turn into chain or knife-like quite a bit. And you know, I mean, you get to look at the people that are insecurity there. And you look at the sun's end, well, my amy herald, how much they're paying these people. Right. And it's got to reflect, you know, the problems. You know, somebody that's a retired police officer that might know a little bit more. You're not going to take that job. So, I mean, that's one of the reasons, you know, for you get, you have incompetent people. But you pay him for paying. Hey, quite a course down here, we're very big on that. No matter what area you're looking at incompetence reign supreme here. So they people are arguing with you, but when fix you, it will work in the security. Right. You know, so I mean, you know, that's the thing. The matter of fact, I was on a plane coming from Las Vegas. I was in seat number one for us class. Right. Guy comes from the back of the plane. He's got tool aluminum briefcase. And he's screaming at his good bombs and guns. And this is in 96, America West Airlines. Oh, yeah, my favorite. So nobody's doing it. Everybody's screaming and yelling. And the guy's that's doing full contact karate kicks from the pilot store. So me being the former cop, you know, and the maluses, you never lose it. You know, it's just one of those things. Yeah. I get up and I just hit him, knocked him down and held him down. Well, nobody else did a thing. We've made an emergency landing at September. Come and find out. I mean, this guy was so suspicious looking. I mean, he should have been just asked the question. What do you got in the two aluminum briefcases? Yeah. The only thing he had. And he got on there with a stolen credit card. So I mean, you know, and then in America West Airlines, they give me a first class ticket to fly from Ford Lododale to the Las Vegas. Yeah. And I called him. I said, you know, I'm the guy. And he said, well, it expired. That said, well, you know, I just really don't use it a lot because I get paid. You know, when I flat a lot of Vegas or renal, they, you know, the people I do the corporate shows for, or because he knows they paid me to fly. Right. And they said, well, it's expired. Thanks for doing what you did. But. Oh. Oh. So I said to him, I'm like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm like, oh, Neil Rogers. I'm going to call this one. I'm going to call that one. Yeah. And I'm going to ask him what they think is sure enough. They call me up. And they said, well, why don't you send that? We'll send you a brand new brand new brand new. And you know what? They still suck. And we're still ripping the right. Exactly. Okay. Thank you. Okay. God bless you. Yeah. I still won't fly them. It's getting really bad, baby. Getting really bad. The choices are minimal. And like I said before, they try to give you the song and dance about all these world partner, these big sky alliances. How it's so great. It's a nightmare. It's like the end of the world. It's like, because as soon as you start taking away the competition. And as soon as you start with these monopolies, everybody who, all the customers get screwed. Here's Orlando. Hello. Hey, Neil. It's a, it's funny. I'm going to talk to you about this because I'm going to Vegas today for the first time. Oh, I don't TWA. I don't know. You got to be away. Yeah. I'm going to say it to New York, New York. You all have you been there? Great location. A little bit's a little chaotic in there, but it's the next one location. So, you know, depending on how you like it. You know, you're going to have to spend all your time in there. But it's a good place to stay. Excellent location. Right on the strip. Right across from the MGM. Go, go cross the street to the MGM and the Trapper Cannon. Pundra Brainsa. Are there any shows that you recommend Lance? I'm not, I'm not being shows. Okay. I know you're talking about this area one thing, but I wanted to ask you what you knew about the steelware, Howard being a big fan of Phil Henry. Yeah. And even, even, visit him on his show. Do you know what he's saying about it? I read the story yesterday and I mentioned it on the year that he went and watched him work, which is a real trip to see what Phil is doing the show. But other than that, it doesn't mean anything. Unfortunately. You know, they're not in Kahoot or anything. No. To be on a network. Okay. I saw it on theorotis.com and I was kind of shocked to read it, but I didn't know if there was any more to it or not. No, in fact, I was talking to somebody yesterday and, you know, who is worked with Phil also when it's really said, because they've done, you know, the Cox people they were assigned to be in a new deal, but he was hoping that syndication would be part of it. But as I find out, a lot of people in this business, they talk a good game and, you know, that's the end of it. Right. Right. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's where he's doing, all right. But he deserves to be syndicated. And then, of course, we could carry it here from nine to midnight. Would we do that here? No. Because he don't do a sports show. And that's right. For God about that, we got to have sports on 20 hours a day. We got to be given a same ball scores, no same monotonous updates over and over and over again. We could be special. We, yeah. It is pretty special. I don't know. It's real special. Just like that corn, you know, and deliverance. That corn sure is special. You know what? Huh? And of course, you know, he really loved this corn. Didn't he, June? See how all these things fit together. Fatsow and deliverance and all these things. 22 before noon at 5.60. WQA. I've got to just stick mine and I'm so proud of it. By the way, if I had the ability to do, I'd take you out here right now. I'm taking your goddamn teeth in. You're not going to be a better person than me. You're not going to be a better person than me. Look at my butt. Oh, right. I'm such a beautiful singer. All the guys they want me. From the old to the teenager. I am hard. I have to stay. Do you feel good? My acting skills. Take out as a fool. My half-tian suits the girls. I got so trees that you might. And a bar down like you show. With my self-increemicide. How to keep you never know. All right. To see me is to want me. Got up a tad before me. My body's packed with me. You see me all over M.C.V. Now that is 40 years. I know you want me. Got a tad before me. You're a beautiful singer. Got a tad before me. You're a beautiful singer. 11.44.56. You don't deserve your spot for 2 AMs. Andy will about to come. Celebrity Golf Tournament Friday. September 24. Call 3.05. 6.50. 5.00. All 163 for information. Try to look at the infinity hole in one challenge. Lunch from Tony Romas and the silent auction benefiting set are one. Sponsored by leading.com. The ping collection. Mr. Cliffs wine. Princess Resort and Casino. Rolling Shield Chutters and the poster. And then by the Outback Stay Cost. 16. Till noon. That means we got like 46 minutes before Marlon baseball. Baby. Can you smell it? Can't you? Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Good morning. I want to make a couple comments on the current topic about the staying at the airport. Yes. The employees. I mean, the people were not employees of the day county, right? They were the American Airlines people. Most. And there were a couple of what I and S agents and a barred sheriff's officer. Yeah. 30 American Airlines rampant employees in American Eagle Security Guard. 13 sky chef workers. Three law enforcement officers. And one was an immigration inspector, a health inspector and a BSO deputy. And he was a head of the airport part time. There you go. Wow. The other thing that was interesting to me was I believe, with the television meetings, to be believed that those grenades and guns weren't they put there by the Outback Tobacco Fire People as a part of the staying? Right. It was part of the plan. They did take them off obviously before the plans to cop. Yes. Yeah. OK. So you were dummies, right? Yeah. But the people that put them there had no way of knowing. No, no, no. They're like this. Yeah. That I understood. I just like, for example, a lot of the because they had limited budget on this thing. A lot of the cocaine that they bought was they hired cocaine counterfeiters from Colombia and make it for $50 a kilo instead of the $275. Oh, I guess. So they had a manufacturing something that looked entased like cocaine. Well, wasn't the real thing because otherwise they couldn't afford it to continue the operation. Oh, OK. Yeah. All right. So they've been running that for a while. Yeah. Yeah. OK. The other thing I'd comment on was, you know, your area is all canned things. Here you go. Yeah. Long time ago, they used to be interested in area salt cans because if those cabins decompressed, they would explode. You'd spill the air, my foot. Right car. Yeah. I'll leave it in my smell, but I'll be okay. Thank you. Five six, seven, five, six, five, six. You're 60, five, six. The only 18 T wireless line here's North Miami. Hello. You know, God. Yes, they're speaking. Great show today. I'm sorry. I have to leave it early. Well, I wish I could see. Yeah. So they're not going to go to that garbage, Marlin. Anyway, if I'm going to be short and sweet and with my material soup, my vetted up the, because. Hello. I'm listening. Oh. If you short and sweet with the material soup, I've counted up the IQ of your college now. And I'm still on my left hand. So we need to do something about that. Yeah. And what did you want to tell us? People in Miami are dope. Okay. Thanks for the bullet. And okay. There you go. Here's a guy with a bullet in boys and girls. I thought we'd been saying that for a very long time. Floridian. Done as dirt. I mean, there's a few exceptions out there. It's mean, George. And I'm picking. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty on the 18 T wireless line. How's that bonus going by the way, George? Here's open park. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I'd like to have a conference. But it doesn't seem like you did. Did you want to have one? So why is that? I don't know because you're, you got the stuff going on on the back around your. It seems to me like all you want to do. That's not all. You want to have a conversation. What would you like to tell us, sir? You want to have a conversation or not. What about one? You just want to attack the car. You don't want to say anything. All you want to do is attack me. If you want to say something, go ahead. If you want to sit and waste my time. You OK? I've listened to everybody who's called here today. We have an idea. Probably until you, of course, asshole. Five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, six. I put the thing up the pot for like five seconds on her. Right away, he's making an issue out of that. And of course, that was long after we called. He was already on hold. So here's another guy with no material. See, let me tell you again, pal. DNH and TNC. Take no cram. That's my motto of life. Here's a mobile and west palm beach, hello. Hey, how's it going, man? OK, sir. Hey, I got some stuff for you. Listen, I got married about six months ago and me and my wife went over to London, England, and Paris, France for our honeymoon. Yes, sir. And that was probably one of the greatest trips I've ever taken in my life. And Paris is such a beautiful place. What I want to talk about when the difference between the airlines and different places over and Paris versus here in America, we get over there and Paris and everything. Everyone's so great, they're so cool. They want to help you out as much as possible. Well, of course, we get back to the state. And the first thing we hear from American guy, chewing out these foreigners, I guess, was going to come. Of course, it was in. I think it was in Fort Laudadilla, Miami, one of the two, but it was just totally ridiculous and you noticed the change, big time. But I enjoy it myself very much over there. There you go. OK, thank you. Thank you. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, wireless line. Here's Pembroke Pian, hello. Any idea? OK, sir. Mr. Conversation there was a part. He was great, wasn't he? Hey, it was great. Nothing to say, no material. You're an authority on Hodgey and I wanted to ask you a question. You know, Pablo Burie and a couple of Russians, they're having like a little camp right now. Right. Well, that's over with. What is that all about? Because my girlfriend's brother is the goalie. He's, he's, and I really don't get what he's doing there. I thought I'd answer. And there you just kind of a pre kind of a excuse to get together before the official camp broke for, you know, a carpetset from the lease and the brain, the few other guys got together. And there were a lot of those things that were the blessing of their teams because some of these guys were guys who had injury problems last year like Burie. And they wanted to get a little extra work in to get ready for a camp. So how should this kid hold his hopes up for this opportunity has been given to just, you know, play goalie with these guys? Why don't I understand what you mean? What is his name? Jay Zito. Never heard of him. Never heard of him. No. That's a really tough position to make it in the NHL, right? Right. Very different. Okay. Alright, now thank you. Okay. Good luck to him. Bye-bye. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You good luck to Washington. You have any hockey, uh, no, not down here. Anybody care about you? I don't know. Yeah. That's, that's a, forgetting about the fact that we got such crappy schools and portable classrooms and all those other craft. Nobody here really cares about sports. Other than football, which I think mostly is just talking out very much knowledge, but other than that they know care about them. And yeah, we just keep building more and more awareness and more stadiums, and come up with more financing and more taxes. Well, what's the point? What is the point? It would be built like building a $400 million library in a place where everybody's a literate. Here's coconut creek, hello. Thank you. Yes sir. How are you today? Pretty good. I'm a police officer in Florida here and I just wanted to tell you that about that jerk, they call the few minutes ago about the take home cars. Just in no life yet. Yeah. Well, you know, they've proven through studies that these cars last and after seven years when the guys take them home rather than run in a 24 hours a day where they last about two years. Right. So, events up safe and the taxpayers money, unfortunately, these idiots like him just don't understand that. I mean, what kind of a moron wouldn't want to, you know, feel a little bit safer having police cruisers parked in a nearby wherever they live. I'm out, you know, somebody would pay for that. Everyone of my neighbors just loves it. They make it the greatest thing in the world. And the other thing I wanted to talk to you about was the airlines. I had an incident a few years ago up in Detroit where I was talking to somebody in the airport terminal and I made a statement in there. And the next thing I know, I got two federal marshals getting ready to pull me off to the poke because they said I was making threatening statements in an airport. How you like that? And I said, hey, I'm like police officer. They said, hey, we don't care. They said, hey, and I'm like, they're telling me I'm going to have to pay like $5,000 a minute for this plane to be sitting on the tarmac to lay this right where they're not going to all be on. Unbelievable. I mean, it was just unbelievable. I can't wait to get out of here. I had six more years to go and I'm done. Excellent. All right. See you later. I'll see you there. We're here. Okay. I didn't like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And of course, one thing we know. That's fine. That's not acceptable on the airline. I mean, I see that, you know, especially the way they treat people, let it take some extraordinary amount of authoritarian kind of attitude on their part to keep everybody in total and in line. Because if people just went loose with their emotions, it could get very dangerous, especially 32,000 feet up in the air. But the idea that they're going to restrict your language and they're going to like the broad that they arrested up there at Logan International in Boston. Because she said the effort. That should be the worst that somebody said on a plane with the way that they treat a lot of people, especially Adam on a mention, was that a mercenary line by the way? Oh, yeah. Seems to me. And the episode with the guy that spilled a coffee at Boston on that was with that American airline? Uh-huh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And listen, don't, whatever you do, don't put your luggage too close to those hand grenades in the overhead. Here's a mobile-in-four-later deal. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing today? Good sir. Hey, I'm an airline pilot, but based down in South of Miami. All right. And yeah. Boy, tell you what. Being of a South American descent, I can say this with clear minds. Did you notice on the, um, under the list of the published names? Today of all the people they busted down there. Yeah, right here. Yeah. Every single one of them would be exception to one guy was, uh, a holio. Right. And, you know, they recruit these people from like Burger King and McDonald's. They are this. Well, when we pull in down there, when we, when we, when we, when we park it to gate, we, you know, we'll have to maybe run an terminal and do something real quick. Yeah. We can't leave any of our personal belongings in there, because our own employees steal our own stuff. Beautiful. And even you got a lot to cockpit doors and well, flight attendants have to take their stuff with them or lock them in a cockpit list because you can't turn your back for two minutes. And they're, they're back there. They'll prime in the cargo compartment to start stealing, uh, all the passengers belongings while they're in there. They're, they're, they're, we're counting cameras now in the cargo compartment. The catch these people. Maybe we can get some senior citizens to take their jobs. Then I'll get have to worry about them stealing over the sweet and low at least. Oh, I know. I mean, they can't, they can't, they can't, the problem is, is that, uh, all the airlines out there. They're just going to pay minimum wage and hire the, you know, the worst kind of derelicts that can get to come in there to work. Right. You know, so it's, it's no wonder that kind of stuff goes on. Well, it gives you a really great feeling of confidence, doesn't it? Bless America. Okay, pal. Good luck. Yeah. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line as we approach relentlessly that moment of 1230. When you hear the sound of Marlin's baseball and the pre-game show, wow. I'm pretty psyched about it. Uh-huh. The 155, at 5, 60, WQN is... Oh, it's new hard to, to, to, to, to, to say they were not, why did they conditioner? And you got his names. And he's from a time when they get to high and you need to really do what you need. They can't, I know the sound is going to be thinking what's on, like, I left the phone. I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, right now, or just going to, back in and we're going to,é, push in an one, yeah, and so communities have the. Once you have a broad, broad there, eighty nine ten of a week, right? We take that down- the state of the field, and have some kind of teaspoon. All kinds of things, I think I mean these are the thing that are has the same kind of peoples flavor, and there's all those installments that are being opened Now I'm from England and I was listening to your show a couple of days ago and I heard an expression that I'm not familiar with and it's been intriguing me and I'd like you to tell me what it is. Yes sir. What's the foot slusher? A foot slusher is someone who doesn't flush the turlet with his hand who uses his foot because he got a fetish about germs on the handle. Oh, now there you go. You've heard of a floor slusher, that's a foot slusher. How much of Prince Edwards probably a foot slusher? Maybe, maybe most of the royal family probably. Yeah. Thank you very much. Well let me ask you, do you live here? Yes. You live here now. Yes I do. How do you compare it with the whole course you're from England so that's not a very good uh... How do you... England's good, but it's not everybody over here makes England that to be some sort of like fairy land with that wherever things lovely and there's a lot of bad parts, just as many bad parts of England. A lot of things are happening when I think yeah. Sorry? I said have a great day. Thank you. Cheers. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hollywood. You know? Yes sir. And the good afternoon to you. Uh, first time long time. All right. I don't have much material but I just have a question for an opinion. Uh-huh. Not an express with all of that there might be airport. Yeah. I think this could possibly be discreet and the zip but the ice firm. Yes. Oppen up on the... Yes of course. Of course because they admitted they had a well they had a and the uh sting operation because they but there's no question this is only a little piece. In fact they said that this was part of the story. Yes sir. I wanted to be getting. That's right. What they were running out of the money. But is this what is this leave this with other ongoing investigations that will be for? Well you can be sure that there will be others now that they'll converse a little appropriate money because if this kind of crap is going on the flying public is going to stir getting psychotic. Exactly. Okay. Thank you sir. Yeah and of course this audience don't seem psychotic or like I said the people are here and I'll probably people that you don't can't afford to go anywhere. Ha ha ha. Oh god I just don't get it. Things that just have people all over the country just forming it to mouth. And one good thing about here they don't get too excited. I mean we have certain segments of the community that get excited but that's only about one thing. I don't know what that is. I don't know. I don't like if there's a cigar fishing out of magazine on the stand they don't like then they get excited about that. And that also by the way was that Miami International Airport where we have self-appointed sensors centering which magazine you can buy at the new stand. Let's hear it. Oh. Well you got that Marlon game come up in 28 minutes man I'm getting excited. Hey Chitel I'm Gagan on it. Here's a lady mobile and sunrise hello. Neil. Yes man. Hi I'm a deputy twice and I just want to tell you the fact that I call you is an absolute idiot because I was like an asshole. Yeah. I would like to have an eye degree with you. There are bad cops. There are good cops. Right. But I'd like to have a dollar for every time someone has knocked on our door. I think it's for him because there hasn't been a meeting them up. Okay my husband has told people out of burning apartments. Right. And was named deputy of the year off duty because someone knocked on our door. There was an accident in front of our development and he saved 12 people's life. Outstanding. Okay so to him you know I only hope some day that it's not his life or his daughter. Yeah well he's a yenta in training we're already a full fledgant is it on the pay you you know consider the source. I understand but I just wanted to have my piece and please stay out from American Airlines community that that was your pilot that was firing. Okay thank you. Thank you. Bye. But maybe he had you know so the little coffee you at least with cocaine we were a hero and whatever was like the other pilot in the story. Five six out of five six eight doesn't mention whether that was before the flight starter he was already in the air it doesn't mention that for obvious reasons. I could people a little bit more nervous. Here's a mobile in four lotterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey Neil how you doing great Neil got it just a couple of things heading back to the Midwest going back to St. Louis on Delta hope I'm going to get there first off that's a craft shoot. Second of all going back to a real station where they got some sports that can talk hockey camel that can't go on. One time on a Dan Kelly right and no no no Murray brothers we got Larry Plow and Joe Quinnville got a real team real code. Yeah. You got Ken Wilson agreed an option there on TV. He's not bad he's not bad he's no Dan Kelly but then he's really good. That's right. But you know what Neil while mission for the week or so I'm gone no gences up there everybody says hi thank you nice to see you don't have that down here. Right. Talk to you when you get back. Okay Pat I'm a good time. You too. I will. Five minutes past noon at five sixty wq. I mean, people judge you by the shoes you wear and if you're looking like garbage like crap then they say oh geez what does that say about you so go to Brandy shoes the pump it'll get some great looking stylish shoes and a perfect fit every time because they we didn't know your feet at Brandy's. They got all the top styles in the universe rockport SAS Timberland floor shine topside or Subbegos harsh puppies all the other top brands and they give you prices that you can't beat anywhere and if you have a hard to fit footnote problem at Brandy's because they carry men sizes six to 15 women sizes five to 12 from narrow to extra wide so save some cash put your feet in the latest style shoes and get a perfect fit guarantee every time at Brandy's mega store you'll be finding them at 12 19 or federal highway between Atlantic and Copa's roads in Pompeo Beach offer directions call nine five four nine four three ninety six sixty seven fifth is five six feet you way out you used to think hobbies were for relaxation then you took up golf one she found an outboard motorman boat and tell you discovered that a sale means you're hitting you used to think your TV was terrific wow you can see the numbers on their uniforms what detail thinking Hattachi Ultra Vision high definition television number seven has written the plate down on his shoes I can't believe we can see that on TV it's handwriting is awful Hattachi Ultra Vision is everything you never thought TV could be the clarity the detail the picture that's more like looking through a window than watching TV and the same ultra vision optics that made the HD TV picture so spectacular are found in every ultra vision model digital and non-digital alike see them for yourself and you'll recall the days when the movies were a big thing and realize now that the movies are a big screen called Hattachi Ultra Vision see Hattachi Ultra Vision for yourself at circuit city at Japan knows the scores learning a chance of a last game and weeknight only on sports record you a L had barliner on sports radio on six feet of your teammates you love breakfast cereal you love beer then you love beer yeah first beer soc breakfast cereal my husband never had time to eat breakfast in the morning and to get him to even touch me was like pulling teeth but now he wouldn't think of starting his day without three heaping bowls of beerios and he can't keep his hands off me have here you let away Harvey the careful here beerios is available at all times to the market and look his toys everywhere I used to be depressed so with beerios I've got a reason to wake up I started to say with a buzz beerios it's oats it's alcohol it's fun Harvey so speaking of american airlines if you're in first class and they come around you know the first class came in off the way beverage do you order rum and coke five six and are you sure you know what you're going to get five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line not that we want to pick on american do we well deserved here's parine hello hello my own you sounds like you sir okay I want to ask a question or make a reference to these people about the police officers being able to drive their vehicle south uh i lived in Georgia all about ten fifteen years ago and i don't know if it was a certain county ordinance but the police officers that were able to drive their vehicles home um as long as they parted in the lot of this rental community they didn't have to pay rent now i don't think they didn't have to pay rent no they got free rent now i don't know if this happens in Florida no but uh here once another comes to mind is i don't think that money was going back to the community which i don't think is right i don't think it's right when i live in parine it doesn't happen here so i don't think it's right when i live in parine either and i see many many metro date police officers they live in coral spring now i know even up paying for a few all every night yeah i see my any beach police officers that live in western they could drive these vehicles home and i i don't think that's right now i believe the vehicle being there is a great deterrent but be living in parine paying the taxes for the metro day police officers and coral springs is getting the coverage up there it's just not right yeah okay well i you know i agree basically with a principle but the amount of money you're talking about the gas money is it's you know it's like splitting here i'm not gonna get all been out of shape about that you know we can't get on an airplane to god they we got no security at the airport and people all of a sudden we got sidetracked this thing because some officers are driving a car home at night and they're parking in the on the grass or in your driveway uh i'm not gonna look horrible about that if we have good cops i'll stick up from all the way if they're bad cops then they forget it because there's lots and lots and lots of bad cops just like there's lots and lots of bad doctors and just like there's lots and lots and lots of bad radio people but that's why we name before when it's a silly when it's radio market now but we sure appreciate the good cops out there believe me and you even know something even the bad cops i still if they're gonna have their car park somewhere near where i am you still feel better about it here's my any hello hello neo yes sir how are you doing today great i spent 12 years in the airline industry i was i worked most of it in the cargo department when i started most airline personnel made over $15 an hour right and they had careers that's when it was eastern still existed panambal that you know we said the tailland but it was still a great one career today i think it's been making $6 an hour too much i think eight and international carriers for example that i work for in cargo most of them don't even have their own personality more they hire these are handling companies they don't even know who's loading their planes for them they have no records of these people and if one handling company goes up because they have experienced personnel they just get rid of them and they'll take another handling company that will do the job for less if you look at the value debt crash right a fine air crash there weren't mechanical failures there were basically employee i mean employees who had no a really experienced in in loading the aircrafts and they did a hell of a that's why we want to put those canisters on a value debt you got it you got it and let me tell you something if they start really exploring this and really getting into it they you know they've got a lot of work that is what if we start getting all the information we're going to be walking you got i i i left a year and a half ago and it was we were loading the planes and then we had to because we had handleers that did actual loading of the aircraft and we were security guards i mean you had to stay by the door could not move off the door right they knew what i mean i didn't know it was inside some of those boxes as far as electrical equipment they knew everything that was in the cities and let me tell you not just for you know they're stealing i mean the way that they load to planes and everything else i'm sorry i mean i'm sorry this is happened i mean not uh not uh excuse me that what happened in american airlines because it's about time that they start really looking into it but really the action that's that happened but i'll tell you what i believe the FAA and a whole lot of this because they've been to the air like it's a trip you know the FAA is there to regulate and that's not what they do they sit with these people and as soon as that well i should be in a different from any other government i just you'd like the FDA you know that is in partners with all these pharmaceuticals but i tell you man i'm happy i'm out of there with my own thing now okay pal that's why i can talk to you i got keep listening okay good luck i'll go with five okay it sounds real promising for hopping on a plane and going somewhere yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a call from freeport hello yes sir yes i am i'm a loo from freeport that sent you that bump from the freedom from religion families yes sir the heritage yeah yeah yeah i'm just one of the mentioned that you think american airlines you want to try their their commuter line american legal yeah oh you mean i think that were you out of dropping out of the sky for a while area yeah you better get your leather helmet and goggles on now i'll uh make you feel just like stupid doesn't it yeah i could i could uh feel uh one of your programs with stories that no i don't i won't apply puddles on there's underneath circumstances ever again right well one comes just one comes in our mind they only go to book the flight yeah and i want to take a flight there were two people in excess and everyone said no was sticking oh everyone bought it the bus to go to the lot out of the plane and then the bus driver said he's not disembarking anybody until he picks two to stay back so he picked two people and then there was a riot and everyone just pushed past him three and out of his bus right i'll ride one up into the plane where he had more than enough seats and uh the outcome was they had to take half the baggage off so you know they when the sun dirty work to be done they just leave it to the bus driver yeah i thought that was a pretty neat trick sound outstanding okay listen little great hearing from him yeah one quick thing yes sir i'm changing the subject i'm studying a new church over here i want you to be a founder and then recording it the church of the holy guarantee we guarantee you a place in heaven brother if you give us 10% of your income and if for any reason you go down below what your money is refunded in full and uh only got about 10 places left out of the 2,000 okay well Jim Baker and Jim is swagger i think it down to eight oh yeah okay okay okay okay okay and god bless you okay 1215 to 560 WQM it's football uh in upper houses everywhere the three tenors versus the three studious the three tenors the three studious two holes for field page that match you remember the main hand last time these guys met oh you can't do that to my top oh oh oh oh oh you're living an out of 10 you hope you try that much more it didn't say that guys he curly you just didn't leave that claw on nuclear fine oh my god he never used his leave the hammer and bring vacher the three tenors three studious match 99 okay what I'm thinking for the first five rows 17 at five 60 WQM boy you can feel attention can you smell it if cut it with a butter knife with a marlin game coming up in the pregame at 1230 just 12 minutes away hello do you five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line here's Miami hello hello there yes sir how you doing today great I work for american airlines okay yes and half stuff that has been stopped because half of these guys were busted over two years ago for stealing and going to the luggage right but they say an American wants to corroborate that you've had them busted on video with the evidence and then American doesn't want to prosecute so after these guys would have been gone and other stuff why does the American want to prosecute I don't know they don't want to be known as as people going through their luggage and stuff and all they want to do is not trying to cover up so you know they're trying to cover up but they don't want to go through it but if they would have got rid of most of these people along time ago half of it would have been done with the ready and there's still about twenty thirty guys that are known and have been busted stealing that they want to rest or prosecute beautiful I mean you guys on cooperating all they want to do is cover it up okay pal thanks for the bad news all right they get it hang in there how do you like that yeah this is I think of all the places that you could talk about American Airlines is the one institution in this town where more people who work for the company will call in in badmouth and then tell you stories like this because they're frustrated and they're disgusted and nauseated and they're deservedly so so there's 85 more good reasons to just say to American to and on American Airlines yeah there needs to be a major major shake up over there baby clean up that act in terminal C&D five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's plantation hello yes sir yeah I've been well listening for now for the past 10 years I drive from plantation every day to my international I work from Americans right and I work on the ramp with all those guys you're your major problem here that you're talking about is security and everything that they do just as I listen to earlier gentleman called in about what the people get paid there's no way they can stop that there's no way when you have a Haitian woman who's sitting there looking at its e-be screen for eight hours how she can tell of a record can from the school to them anyway looking at a million to back yeah answer entire security that's the way it works now the whole way it's all world down to is the day count aviation department now blames me for the entire security breach that's not my fault that's not not anyone that works there's problem that should be some other type of way to go around this the other way is to make me being an employee to go into the checkpoint where everyone else was you know how to hand I drive I drive an hour to work then I get a partner to them play lot which is you know of a ways away then as you see and see you'll be backed up all the way into the terminal sometimes right through the gate now my supposed to get to my work area I'm a lot of all I may see this why can't they make an employee just just like they do with customs they have a plan to do if you go to other stations they'll do that they'll do things even for like a non-rhythm boy right I'm traveling they do they don't do that on there which you have to understand as you complain every day about how they operate on their date don't care because just as other people call you and told you the pain passing down you do not have a choice they don't have a choice just as after the flight it's in the strike they came back and they cut the prices on everywhere yeah they didn't cut here because the support Hispanics that you talk about they have no choice they have no choice but to fly them no choice and then when they're the other thing when you're talking about what the people carry on they don't have anything yeah they're so like well a lot of times will get blamed for sofers or something like that you're talking about a fact that comes in a little belly and a blow up and it's got like four hundred pound to can get it's got a car engine it's got problems these are things that these people constantly bring down the other day I was involved in a chemical school a guy sent a gas cancel a gas to a country a gas can a gas can you see these are things they get right through because they just get paid off you happen to the summer come in so they're taking it back there was like 500 pounds and that's how it gets through someone just saved a couple bucks and that's the way it's always gonna work with some of that cash on hand it's always gonna get through yeah if your answer is that put like so another security guard up there that's not gonna happen you're just as these guys will make a million you know thousands of dollars you're looking at a normal drug dealer is walk around like three grand in the markets and the throw 500 grand at someone who's gonna let them slide just in half a whole year something what about the other parts of the report you think it's anywhere near as bad in the other terminals I imagine so it's it's more really fine we're getting the bad rep because we find these places always gonna be the problem and that's what it says in the paper I mean my father worked at Eastern and that's always always in the beat wherever you it's not it's not American it's where we fly it's where we fly in the the money is just too lucrative and it's always gonna be there yeah well I know that's the plane that was delay was well up to Toronto last Friday was coming in from Guatemala right well I was working at the yeah you you can complain about the fact that that was there was a nightmare what was going on there was that the ranch you see the data I called any even made a big think about how the fact that they closed the ramp and he says the one that called a couple days ago the two couples going to Jamaica they flew an air Jamaica and they got there before the other people right American in our union has a contract that if lightning's in the area within five miles we do not work yeah there's the other idiot companies what what did that have to do with last Friday though what what did that mean to when you're playing will that take off down here then they're not gonna have a plane in Toronto free to come back on you understand what I'm saying yeah and vice versa you couldn't get out because of that but there wasn't any lightning it's a thing you want it's barking everything like that there's lightning around you may not see a lot of times I'll be down there going there's no lightning but there is light and it's not like that why don't they tell us that you see this is another problem that we have is that they don't tell you when you think you sit there you know that they're and they tell you nothing they don't and the woman at the counter the one who wound up there at the when they finally decided to start boarding she was as indifferent as anybody ever seen in my life the guy had a finally yellow ready to start boarding and she still wasn't paying if they just get a come over practically hit over the head to you know and here are these people 180 200 people that are sitting there for an hour and a half half of after the fact you know it's it's that they want to make you feel like they're gonna get some run time but it's at most the time they're not if you listen if you read the report the other day and a lot of this has to do with the other airlines the other ones like southwest and the other airlines what they're doing is is they're finding that they're making more money by extending seven airbus or seven forty seven seven thirty seven what's that doing that's jamming up to take up for that that's that's where the problems come it there's too many of the small airlines flying everywhere not smaller ones that they're very profitable but the problem is is they're learning that instead of sending a point of three hundred people on it it's better to send a point to hold like a hundred people and since we have them an hour now there's just way too many points out there I'm not taking a side of the company but I think I see the problem okay pal hang in there okay like sons real pleasant and that yeah sons real promising not anyway it's twelve twenty five and five sixty w q m-haw my wife has really heard the blow you know why do she have a really small mouth why no she's got a cold there knows all rough from the issues no you talking about making after yourself it works today the uh same thing as you yeah that's what I mean then try a dual what does your mouth have to do with the law is medically proven to a race up to twenty four hours of memory two of all you six faster for when you really twenty eight at five sixty w q m-god are you can you smell it but Marlon baseball any minute here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir I'm waiting to finish the studio from ten to two you want not for every I'm waiting to finish the studio for free on ten to two I love for everything you say okay great here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir I'm with you as customs and I just want to tell you we have inspector about two and a half three years ago to brought all these security issues up to uh our upper management customs did nothing about it made this guy look really bad they turned on him they're practically ruinous career he's now are union president yeah and I work with his guy for the last five or six years and this is this type of thing that happened it didn't surprise me if it we know it goes on at the airport as far as customs is concerned we're underman we're under funded and you know as basically all I had to say it's not surprising at all okay now hang in there thank good luck you'll need it okay well only did but that's a way cause you just you know make your best choice isn't like I said terminal C no no thanks so terminal D no no I mean the more than I heard today the more I'm convinced that just maybe I made the right decision now yesterday by just saying no to a mercenary line and like the guy said before maybe not the only ones but you know what else he said he said the Marlins wait for nobody mister that's what he said the Neil Roger show on five sixty WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdad Fort Radio five sixty QAM the flagship station of the Florida Marlins present Florida Marlins baseball com