I need to 10 more, come on. Here comes the 9 back then. Sports radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Loderdale presents the Neil Roger show. We're talking Neil. You're talking about the C-7 Zero 570. Oh, free-pre-dated Broward. Or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest callers. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. Beesley weed acquisitions or the Beesley broadcast group. Now, Neil Roger's on Sports Radio 560 QAAM. You're driving, you'd wear steel. The way I move around when I go to, I call it the Mambo movement, the Burt Tool. I'm the toilet seat, I swing and swing. To the Mambo beat, the radio plays. So without a load, and I'm all through the street, I got to do it. But Neil did a thing, but it's all I need. I can make my hiding, I said see you. I don't have to push, I'm in control when I move inside the side. I'm the toilet bowl. I never have to stray, it's not loud holes. It looks a little like a 2-3 roll. Oh, I'm going to do that. It's way to the right. Once you can't even see the shit, you can't tell you why. Not only are you burning, calories, and you never notice a big red ring. That's why we shot guys. You'll see and go inside and have enough fun when they move. It's a Bop-Bop movement, number two. Hey, let me out with you in the Mambo. Hey, come on, don't hit me. Get off the spot, man. Get out, man. Okay, get out. Can't wait for me. I'm going to get a little voice back today. How do you like that? A little bit. It's coming back. So what do I just hear that Pauval Burri isn't playing today? Is that what I just heard? Oh, who cares? I mean, we'd like to see him out there. What a dumb call it was right there at the end again. Not what a stupid idiotic stupid call. A stupid idiotic call. A stupid stupid idiotic call. A stupid stupid idiotic call. God. Just a worst. Oh, yeah, his mulling ring. You know, first of all, anybody knows anything about a groin pool. He's probably pulling it right now or trying to. They're chronic. They're like some of the colors on that talk radio. They're chronic. And if you come back too soon, why do you re-engineer the gun and you're out again for weeks and weeks? That's the way they work. Okay. Just relax. They're playing fine. They're winning with autumn. And just your wife tonight and stop looking for excuses already. They're hot as a pistol. Okay. Well, here's one excuse. They're playing Calgary. It's a pretty boring team. They're playing for Calgary. How you doing, Belly? And they got Valerie Buray. There'll be one brewery on the ice tonight. His brother. Anybody know who that is? No. Number eight. And there you go. But it's only Calgary. That's true. Not very exciting. Not very appetizing opposition. 5,550 seats for the game tonight so far. That's what it says in the paper. And it must be right. So anybody guess who got canned? Here's a clue. Oh, not her. No, not her. Her producer Larry who has to be the skidcoat for the fact she said, if he said, Brooke on the air the other day. That working parking lot or something like that. Which by the way, thank you to whoever sent to our voice mail to the table that with the actual original effinit, which you may be able to play someday when we get around to bleeping it. But anyway, just amazing. The number of people who work on the inside over there who hate that whole operation like poison, cheap channel they're calling it now. cheap channel. So anyway, this guy Larry, as I predicted yesterday, and I scored again the other day. I guess it didn't take too much engine. You know, we just figured out when you open up a muff like that in newspaper and you just got him fucking producer and she's looking to miss or a new safari rash anyway. Does that what she's doing, new safariam? At any rate, she knows to fight him because he's out. He's fired. He's can. Nice going Larry. He said she's a talent list. What was the term? I figured exactly what the term was. But on the year, I guess he covered with a talent list. So I caught a bit something like that. And I think. So after hearing that, I want to say that. So after hearing that, I went back and I grabbed the last trend and the arbitrage ratings here, which will have a new rating book this Monday, by the way, 11 30 in a morning for the summer book. She's taking out the last trend, may Julian July, and they have to none of 50,000 odd radio stations. She took the formerly a pretty decent written suds numbers in the trees, whatever they were, down to a one point. But now in the latest one, Julian August, it's down to a point nine. Pretty amusing number. And I'm here to predict that come Monday when the entire summer book comes down. It's going to go even lower again. Wow. How do you like that? What could these average quarter hours? She's got 25 to 54, which is our men and women. That's her target symbol for anybody it cares. 3300 people. 33, that's 50,000 watts. That's not even one person per watt. How do you like that? What? Exactly. Jesus Christ, Brooke, why did you get the message, honey? Go drive that diesel truck again. Don't quit your night job, whatever it is. Maybe you are moved up the dial a little bit, they're down to a waxy. Get out that big ball of waxy again. Good, got Almighty. Anyway, especially a little bit of Joe Cruzi, who I understand is my number one fan out there and wants a big kiss for whatever like that. And I should mention that my good friend Tracy Nile is a god. It's not a god, do I love Tracy? Do I love her or what? Come to my house yesterday and brings me the CD that I've been scouring the world for. Which I'm going to play a little bit later on, by the way. Whether you like it or not. And you probably won't, but I don't care. I'm obsessed with this record. And I'm probably the only person in America who's number one heard it in number two. See the video. How do you like that? Not just in South Florida, but in America. Well, what if he do? Good for you Mr. Big Sean, well. Bravo all stars let the music heal your soul. With the back speak boys, Mr. President and Sank, Squeezer, Blumson, RNG, Gill, Touche, the boys, the mothets, Scooter and little ugly Aaron Carter. How do you like that? All those groups on there are big massive production. All these groups from Europe, from Sweden and Germany and the US and Canada. And for some reason, I guess because the back speak boys and Sankar on the same thing. There are maybe there was a little conflict there perhaps since they hate each other like poison. But it's never really gotten released like on a massive level, but it's a great song and thank you Tracy. God, it's really something to make sure you feel like you've accomplished something when you've set out to get something and there you got it. You got your hands on it. By the way, speaking of having your hands on it, I've got my hands on something right now that makes me want to puked. As a kid, my idol, my absolute idol for years and years and years. One of the funniest people ever on television, maybe the best show that was ever on TV, Steve Allen. But you know when you get old and you become seen all and when you live in the past and you lose touch when you lose grasp with reality. A lot of bad things happen and unfortunately Steve has gone bananas. He's like that. And now of all people, here is a guy who's the leader leading this coup, say, he's like a half a step away from Pat Robertson and Jerry Fawlball and all these other right wing religious nuts. He's basically in the same category. And if you look on page five E in the hero that they opposite the radio TV page, here's a full page yet again. This thing just goes on and on and every stops. This crusade of his parents, grandparents, families. This is for you. TV is leading children down a moral sewer. How you and I can stop it. And I'll get in the whole thing, but it just makes me nauseous because it's number one. It's so false and number two, it has to do with censorship and number three. And I asked it again with taking people off the hook for being responsible for their own choices and their kid's choices. If you don't want your kids to watch whatever programs you don't like, don't let them watch. Very simple. That's the way I always used to be. But now what's Steve Allen? No, he's missed his censorship now. And let's urge all the sponsors to stop supporting those TV programs. They're lower with sex and violence and filth and disgusting and all these horrible things. Because like I pointed out a couple of weeks ago, if you're living on a west side of the Detroit river, on the west side of the ambassador bridge and you're watching those shows, you're going to do a lot of violent things. But if you live on the east side, like in winter on terriol, they don't have the same effect. We can't figure that out yet. You know what I'm saying, Steve? Yeah. Yeah. He's still, he's doing the Greg reading. He's got his hand in his finger when his head looking for to let whole. What a shame. What a sad sad thing. You see, he got it used to be sub-present. Just absolutely losing his marbles. Mr. Morality. Ten minutes after ten at five, 60 WQA. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM, B.E.R.E.S.A.S. Exquisition Court. Okay. Your heart is 32. The end is not a happy place. No. It's a guy damn happy place. Yeah. Where is free body pain? The sight of your face. I will be a sad happy place. If the sink can think this phrase, you will be a sad happy place. Just worship for full of O.J. Backstacking, repropping. The equipment is always great. It's a hot and sharding place. You will be a sad happy place. Oh, real depressing place. You are in the hot and sharding place. Okay, calm down. Ten 15 at five, 60 WQAM. I don't understand. Is this going to be a weekly thing, do you think? How do you spell that with two easier in E and N A? The steel with Hank and B.Full and the K. The G.A. show out the recorder. Every Thursday and Friday. Is that going to be weekly to think? Because maybe there's some sponsorship involved in their second-up semester money. I'm driving home yesterday and I'm here in the Eddie Kagle. I need to attend here in my best tree. Here he's got the lead, but here comes the nine and the ten is puked. And here comes the nine on the outside. Oh, geez. Are we going to be doing that again? It'll be Thursday and Friday? Oh, my God. Hey, you better leave that book on there. We're a long time, TV. I'll say to that right now. Jesus Christ, you've got to be kidding me. So anyway, before I go back to the Steve Allen thing. You know, that guy that called their right at the end of the worst team. About Pablo Buraine, about he is so typical of what's wrong with his town. Negative. Team is off to a great start. They played seven games. They've won five. They've tied when they've only lost one game. They're in first place in their division. They got 11 points. They're kicking ass. They're playing outstanding. They're goal-tending is fantastic. Robbie, need of Myers, even playing good. What does this guy want? What does this man want? But this town is just loaded with sour, negative people, just like that guy. Just like the dolphin thing, which I don't want to talk about that. But you know, granted they squeezed off the hook and marino's injured. And they got all this crap going on Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy. They've won four out of five. In a very mediocre league. 95% of the teams in league have been kiss your ass to be four in one at this point. What do you hear on these radio stations from these people? And you wonder why this little girl writes this thing in the paper yesterday, which I didn't forget about it, Jenny? Yeah, before I get back to Steve Allen, the piece of turd. Isn't that pathetic? Something that you admired for so many years. I mean, he had the best show that was ever on TV. We'd done nuts and Louis Nye. I mean, just historically funny people, Tom Poston, was all live or was spontaneous. It would crack up. They would lose it. It was just a great show. And instead of just vanishing into the woodwork, like Jack Parr, do we hear from Jack Parr anymore? No. Of course, if you've seen him lately, you'd understand why. He's about 100 years old and he looks really bad. But nevertheless, he did his thing. He made his money. He was famous. He entertained a lot of people. He had a great hit. Maybe one of the, maybe the best all-light the tonight show. And he went off and did his thing. That was it. He's off eating when we Tina or something like that. Something soft. I can't people do that. Why does Steve Allen, with all of his millions and millions and millions of dollars and his very plastic wife, Jane Middows, why can't they just go off and leave everybody alone? And let people make their own goddamn choices. Now, that's not that his factory now. In his waning years in his sonility and his twilight, he must save us from ourselves. He's going to save America's youth from the evil that is television. It's a joke, you know. Like I said, calling him the other day, oh, did you know that there's Chicago? Hope they said the SHL, yeah, all-wow. Woo! Having a goody. What are you going to grow up, America? Is it ever going to happen? No. You turn on the CDC, are you? Yeah, we always think of the Canadians as being nice, but a little bit stuffy. That's a good word from the general stereotype we have of the English-speaking Canadians. But the fact is, you turn on the CDC and there are a lot of shows on there. Documentaries, whatever the hell they are, any here, the SHL and FU, all the words are on there. Nobody has an nervous breakdown. Nobody even talks about it. There's not even a debate about it. And nobody calls up any talk shows and candidates and says, oh, gee, did you see on Chicago? Hopefully, so the SHL would be well, or we make in progress, huh? Yeah. We're making progress. Wow. Isn't that great? They said crap on the air, on television. Jesus Christ. And you wonder why people are into this all this religious bull crap and all this mumbo, jumble and hoax, pokas, and so easily led down the garden path? I think there's a four letter word that you can say. That's a lot more dangerous than the FU and the SHL and all those other four letter words. And that's dumb, the UNP. How you spelled the UNMM? Yeah, the UNMM. Dumb. That's the biggest problem in America. Dumb. But anyway, here's a not-so-dumb very bright little girl Jenny Lobas who writes a commentary in yesterday's son, Sentinel. She's a student at the Drive Foods School of Arts in West Palm Beach. She says, just another day in Paradise, and I want out. Ever since I reached the age of a reason, 13, I have loudly declared that when I grew up on moving out of states, says Jenny, I don't go to the beach. I have war palm trees, tourists annoy me. I'm not fond of theme parks, and I don't wear shorts. Florida's not my cup of tea. My parents have tried to convince me otherwise. Tactic one, appeal to guilt, but we'll never see you my mother tells me. At least get married and Florida my father pleads. Answer, I'm not convinced. That's why God invented airplanes and long-distance. Tactic two appeal to laziness. Just wait till your first blizzard, it's no fun shoveling the driveway at 30 below they tell me. Answer, I need the exercise. Besides, that's why God invented hot chocolate. Tactic three appeal to poverty, cost of living, cost of living, cost of living. Answer, does this mean they actually have high enough taxes to support schools without relying on the lottery? Besides, that's why God invented higher salaries. What brings this all up is my current state, flooded into my neighborhood. Hurricane Irene, supposedly wimpy category one hurricane, decided that my dad's charming village of Wellington would be much more attractive under 15 feet of water. It wouldn't be so bad if only I hadn't just unpacked all of my belongings, boxed up, and anticipation of almost hurricane Florida a couple weeks ago. We also talked our neighbors into putting plywood up on our windows and sliding glass doors, so this little sun shower has delayed the much anticipated taking down of the plywood. I can't exactly pinpoint just why this like Florida so much. Perhaps it's because instead of coming here the traditional way, moving from New York, I was born here, suffering from snow and deep. It might be because my first skin just doesn't tan, and I'm sick of looking like a melanin deprived ghost neck to my bathing duty friends. Then again, chances are it stems from my fifth grade visit to Washington, D.C., with a safety patrol when I glance around me and explain, so this is what a real city looks like. Granted, there are some benefits to living in Florida, the stellar schools, are compassionate and voicely good-looking governor, the superb Department of Transportation which always completes highway work on time. I mean, plant communities are so superior to honest-to-God neighborhood. I can't believe the right to the country hasn't gone on, to the houses surrounding a golf course phenomenon. Sorry, missing work today because I can't leave the neighborhood is making me a little testy. Still, it's not all bad. I mean, it's kind of cute to watch our neighbors splash around the bacteria and get her in pestered water. Those overflowing drainage canals aren't exactly the Atlantic, but at least we're now now we have waterfront property. Not to mention the folk jet skiing down the street, that's just cool. Somehow, I'll just have to tear myself away from this retirement heaven of a state. I'm ready to take on the blizzard. I'll put up with the people refer to soda as pop. I'll even live with orange juice from concentrate. I just want to see the leaves change colors once or twice, okay? My ex-adest from Florida's now scheduled a 10-month-in counting. I might even miss it here, but hey, I'm only a plain right away. See you during spring break. What a great column there! By a 13-year-old little girl, Jenny Lopez who lives in West Palm and goes to the dry food school of arts. God bless you, Jenny. You got to what the greatest line in that article is. God, this is what a real city looks like. This is what a real city looks like with real living and breathing people. And not most of the people over the age of 100, wearing those outfits, those silly, lemon-en-line pants, with those silly cats. And then those little hats that look like they're ready to get those rain-catchers, you know? Oh yeah, the rain-catchers. Oh my God. Nice going, Eric. Jenny, thank God for you. You give me hope that there is hope for the future. You and Sabrina, Georgia's a little girl. She can't tell that here. There you go. Well, this isn't a place for young people. All you young people, that's my message to you. Get out of here as soon as the law allows, as soon as you're capable of doing it. Find out what the real world is all about because this definitely is not it. This ain't it. Oh, there he goes again. Not on a half-hour yet. He's also these terrified-adownies making all that money. Ask for you, okay? I'll say whatever to hell. I want. That's why you're listening. Okay. Don't give me that song in advance. I'll have to come on in a lie and pretend, oh, it's just so wonderful here. It's wonderful here. It could be wonderful. I like the mild weather. But the people here, wow. Just like Simon Roth said, the people here. Yeah, that's what he said. Something like that. And the most unbelievable people. That's something like that is what he said. Simon Roth. Here's a call in Cooper City, hello. Hey, you doing? Okay, sir. I got to tell you how to radio actually in about two weeks ago. Yes. I'm listening to public radio. Okay. They had lyrics on it. Yeah. Exactly. They had lyrics from a monkey python, I believe. Liri? Okay. The guy who sings Dennis Liri? Yeah. He's not from a monkey python. He's not? No. Okay. Well, the guy who sings a wonderful voice. He has so long, yeah. Okay. And he had the entire word, the whole S8 word. And this was on tape. Right. Okay. So they never bleeped it out once. I'm public radio. Well, yeah. I can see that's public radio. It's also like I'm public television. If they're showing like an actual geographic special, you can see naked breasts of average and he tribes in Malewian. Wherever. That's why we all watched his kids. Right. That's right. I got to tell you, Neil. I know so many glows in the alleys. Right. I would spend half an hour calling them all their specs. So everybody who knows me in here's me. You're all due space. Okay. Yeah. They said crap on the public-run public radio. That's okay. I mean, the people in this country who are really impressed and got all whipped up to a frenzy because they said, SH happens on Chicago, and I hope what level does that reduce you to? I mean, even the sandbox would be a compliment if you're at that level. You're not ready for the sandbox yet. You're not ready for QAM yet. You impressed because they said crap on Chicago. Oh, wow, did you hear that? They said crap. SH, don't say it again. Not to mention in the music, of course. We have to have radio edits in America. Radio edits. And other countries can't have a Western Europe. They play every word, if you will, if they've heard it's a bit of an event. If that's an eliricist part of the song. People aren't swooning. People aren't killing each other because of lyrics and songs or because somebody said crap on Chicago. I know that's the URL and maybe shocked to hear that. But it's the goddamn truth, dummy. You've seen all old fart you. I've got to my embarrassed. I want to take it back. I never liked the name. Since 26 at 5.60 WQF. I've got two sets of ribs. This is down to Lure. Biting you to join me for a five-gene golfer at the... The down to Lure, dead celebrity dialed turtleneck or whatever. For Victor and all your favorites, celebrities like Jackie Gouzchen, Joe DiMaggio with Ben Hoven. Colonel Hoven with Holy Garmin, all the foul dough rain. Frankie Pays is a prank suddenly. The meridith Wilson, the big Wilson. Joe Currens and John Alexander. My favorite bell bars, the Frank Martha, the Naomi Olm Piddick. Jack Goufer did. Jack Webb, the Chick Webb and Webb Pierce. The Hurtrol Bernardi, the Pinsland Barney and William Lund. A Blinken, A Burrows and of course, the no golf tournament would be complete without it. Robert T. Lewis. Did you get to find it? He'd sell it on the ball medal. They could lift it. The burning 79 Buick. I'll see you there. 1032 or 560. Speaking of negative, by the way, my good post personal friend, Jigs McDondler, new voice of the Panthers here on QAM, who's a thousand times better than the more on we had on before, obviously. He was a little bit disturbed because yesterday morning, I guessed, the morning crew, you know, instead of talking sports, instead of discovering and discussing all the different things that go on, they got to pick on Jigs. Just because Gouli still got to bone up his nose, because he didn't get the play by play job. Don't be picking on Jigs, OK, he's a great guy. Here's a chance for Bill Stewart taking the clock. Walked in a golf, he scores. Bill Stewart, Sam Stewart, they're giving the Panthers a four one way. Exactly. Whatever's got in them is the weak here. What does name is? No. As a matter of fact, if the Panther fans know Kim Stewart from Bill Stewart, what's their versus a make? Put picking on my good buddy, what's his name? Jigs. Christ. So when do we get back to the Steve Allen thing? Here's a full page. Do you know how much it costs for a full page ad? And the hero used to be five grand. It's got to be a lot more than that now. And then, when other than of course, there's a coupon in the bottom right hand corner asking for you to subsidize this crap. Oh, yes, Steve. I want to be counted as one of agrees the TV is leading us down a moral sewer. I think it's unconscionable for fine companies to use their hand dollars to send TV filth, vulgarity, a course humor, premarital sex situations, violence, killing. He's found like Dan Kuell now, premarital sex situations. You know, I hate to break the news to you. But like in Spain and in Netherlands and in I guess several of the countries in Western Europe, but I do know I saw it in Spain. And I talked about this on over the year TV. Over the year TV, late at night, they have poor no movies. They're doing it. Are they killing each other in Spain? No. Do they have a real serious violence and crime problem? No. Are they reaping each other in the street? No. I mean, that's a lot of bull, if you ask me. I mean, this is the kind of stuff that the kind of problem that the American public too many millions and millions of people buy into because again, it's apple pie and good. Oh, yeah, good, good, good, if we could just all be good, if there are no good, good, if people, okay? Maybe Stephen Jane Meadows, I mean, if you were married to her, you'd probably be good, you'd be good, you'd sit in the corner going, uh, eeeeh. Like that most of the day. Murray, do a pretty, uh, hotty bitch like that. But what kind of crap is this ad? Since television started around a thousand studies reports, etc, concerning the impact of TV violence have been published. The National Institute of Mental Health and seven more National Organizations say there are overwhelming evidence that violent entertainment causes violent behavior, but only west of the Detroit River and south of Lake Ontario and west of Lake Eury. And ABC Network study found 22 to 34% of young felons and prison-prov<|fr|> on crimes, said they had consciously imitated crime techniques learned from watching television programs. The National Institute of Health and Human Rights, which was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, and it was a very long time, And it was a very long time, and with that all that has been we Going to get a very long board, and with that 1 pair of goods is what it serves with proper visual actions, and in the future, they don't say filthy stuff on orphanage, how many time are there to eat, or take their money or what it feels to give affordable laboration like that, and even if they leave the DAVID and it feels like they couldn't run shelter and we're going to do it to Nobody goes out and kills somebody because they saw something on TV Whether it was South Park or whether it was a nobody goes out and says crap because they saw somebody say it on Chicago Hope I mean this add these are the ranting of a madman and Here's the guy who's lending his popularity. Thank God most of the day's generation has got any idea who's devaliners So they're looking at the picture of this old fossil here this wrinkled up old fossil saying who now is that? Steve Allen Who's that what came to the heat plate for yeah? What church is he? See what that doctor Kennedy guy? Oh, yeah A full page ad of crap. I'm embarrassed for you Steve Allen. I'm embarrassed for America that this country refuses to grow up because one thing America wants to hell of a lot more is a lot more sex on television That's why people watching those hot shows on MTV for a while before they put all those neurotic teenagers on everybody including me stopped watching That's why tens is the only show and has been the only show on whammy that had any audience at all because they got almost naked hot looking young people on there What's wrong with looking at good looking people How come it is that people in the jungle before there was television people were horny the caveman they were horny If they weren't horny we wouldn't be here today But somehow the kids they're all whipped up into a psychotic for our frenzy their adolescent Psychosis is just out of control their testosterone level is rising to the end to the moon Because of television programs because they're watching Chicago hope and guiding light And Oprah Winfrey I Think maybe Oprah's the cause for a lot of murders. I know that So it often make me want to go out and kill somebody seeing that bitch No one that she's making billions of dollars not this slut not an ounce of talent in that disgusting fat body I got a fat body too Oprah at least I got some talent. I got a brain Here's water Hill hello Hey, what's going on? Yes, sir. Hey, listen. I have to call I've been trying to get a hold in a couple of days People are calling in about this stadium for the Marlins. What's that? I exactly you have studied my name You know one that's never gonna be built. Yes, and that's what I hope because you know must be crazy It must be nuts. Yeah, it's better erase my taxes I don't pay for better school right as it is there is my taxes to pay for a damn prisoner in jail What it raised my taxes to pay for a stadium? Please wait wait wait wait wait Taxes, so you can put a bunch of marijuana smokers in jail. How do you like that? Exactly. Let's let's pay for something that counts FNA baby I mean it makes me sick while I hear people call and ask for this kind of stuff I want my money to go to something useful. You want the same correct God bless you pal have a good day and I'll pray for us Thank you. Okay, but we're hot out and only pop out the referee how go for Let's say a prayer that we can finally convince these bozos up there We want the tax money every dime of it's going to schools and things that are important and roads and A quality of life if I can use that God damn comedy pink O'eram that the right wingers are always getting psychotic All that's a code that's cool. You have to code for not live in like a bunch of animals. That's what it's code for Building another goddamn stadium. We got thousands of empty seats. We're gonna have an at beautiful arena It isn't interesting by the way. What an interesting turn of events how the warm turns Wayne high-pinga a couple of years ago when they were threatening to take the panthers and move them out of town An ash bill or whatever it'll ever go to go to banjo on their need then all of a sudden he was all in favor of taxes. Oh, yeah, it's a tourist tax. I'll tell the all in favor That's the build him that $200 million arena Now that John Henry wants to build this God damn thing now all of a sudden Wayne has seen the life Oh, no, we're just against taxes. It's not the fact that he wants it on auto rental companies Which happens to be one of auto nations big businesses? No, it just works against time more or more taxes Is what the Wayne's people are saying and we're going to be crazy. I must be not yeah So even all we happen to be on the same side with Wayne believe me. It's not for the right reasons. Okay, baldy you popmark geek Yeah, what was for his own benefit and his own interest and he could make a fortune which he is in the macarina then he love taxes And now that he sold this guy a pig in a post not now, Jen Henry. I Henry's fighting out What's like doing business with baldy. I've gone John. Oh, I can say I must be crazy. I must be not you are man Stand in the middle of an empty stadium under front page of the newspapers looking around to find the find a customer anybody here anybody in the ballpark come on find you somebody Anybody here. Oh Boy, you sure got you by the short hairs John Thank God you got all the great reads money though Twenty before 11 at five 50 W Q Am Just feel like a price Douglas Salmas And the chance with life when your girlfriend is a guy, as you think is in huge out there, when the probe breaks out, make sure your third shot is straight someone round by the head. We want to hint at the floor in a case, and we've mentioned some stupid fears, the springer's so so tight for five, it's getting a few punches here. The springer's so so fast for five, it's the springer's so so fast. All right. I'm going to say that when I think it's very similar, I was sort of about six hundred sets in low, and I don't watch it. I've thought once. I've thought once, and you know the thing that it made me about it the most is the fact that there are actually people who watch it more than once. And with even more amazing like that, just like professional wrestling, there are millions of idiotic people out there who watch it, and believe that it's real. They believe that it's real, that people actually come on television to make these desperate announcements and revelations to their mates, to their loved ones, to their friends, in front of millions of people, and get into fist fights at the drop of a hat. And you know what? I don't watch it. Is it on a Canada? Is it on a Netherlands and Amsterdam? Is it on an Italy? Is it on all over the world? And are the people interested in these countries killing each other because they watch Jerry Springer? No. I mean, you talk about a country that looks for excuses, baby. Are the dog done it? Like John Bene, I'm positive the dog done it. We know that John and Patty couldn't have done it now. And then Burke, he didn't do it because he was asleep even though he was on the phone in the back when she called, but well, he was asleep walking and talking, I don't know. The dog done it. Most of it, and there was a suicide. Nobody takes responsibility for anything in this country. Everything just happened by our spouses, or else it's TV's fault. Oh, there's another example we don't want to bring him up again today. He didn't do it. No. I think again, remember there was that dog, wailing and howling at all the neighbors are the dogs on the third two. Kill the colon run. Dog done it. Here's a fact from Tom T and Coconut Creek. When I get up in the morning, I look in one of my rooms in the house. I know the dog done it. Little dogs. Oh yeah. Why I like him so much those two days who was at the vet. God, he was great. Yeah, I love him when he's at the vet. Tom T and Coconut Creek, right? No matter where you drive in softwood, it's near impossible to missing those roadside markers of death. Since when has it become acceptable or legal to erect such a roadside trying to a friend or relative who's not in accident? I think Tom's got an excellent point, by the way. I'm second-terred at that crap. Not that I'm insensitive to people who die, but as Tom points out they had these amazing places called Cemetery's. These amazing things called graves, tombstones, stuff like that. He says a reasonable amount of time for roadside memorials may be up until the funeral of an afterword is usually grave in a cemetery. But far too often these memorials go on for weeks, months and even years, case and point, there's an unusually large memorial in Boka on West Palmetto Park Road that's been there for at least two to three years. It has four crosses in one star of David. Oh, each stands about four feet tall and includes lights, fresh flowers and pictures. Why doesn't the family move this to where it belongs? The roadside and for sure, public land isn't the place where it's Tom T and Coconut Creek. Right on Tom. Why is it that everybody has to do all their mourning and all their religious stuff? They've got to be like, we're at our sleep. You know, push it out there in public and funnier face. It doesn't belong there. It's not that we don't sympathize with them, at least I should do. But it doesn't belong out there and they're on the highway on the roadside. What is that going to stop? What does that accomplish? In addition to which I thought that if God decided it was there at the time, what are we mourning about? Should we be celebrating instead of mourning? If God decided it was there in a better place, is all of our religious folks would say, or are so much better than I am. There in a better place now. I just compared the South Florida, maybe. Here's a citation, hello. Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. I just want to get back a little bit to what you're saying before about television and music and all that. And people always lose their mind and say that kids are going to go crazy and they listen to certain kinds of music. I'll tell you one thing more than 45 minutes a day at TV every kid in America is going to be going. Yeah, that's what the violence says. Because kids never thought about doing drugs or having sex before they heard it on a song or TV or anything like that. Also, I was wondering if you listened to the first team at all this morning. No, just a last call from that asshole, knocking Pavell, Brewery and he's just an idiot of call. Another negative guy. Well, Billy Lindsey was on this morning. And he was, he was saying he might take a run at Robby near Mars tonight, which would be a beautiful thing to see. So, they might have to. He's a man of stoves a little bit, Billy, nice going to. I said he might have to give a couple of guys a check and let him know. Let him know he's back in town. By the way, it was nice to see Eddie, Eddie, special Ed, the other night with Vancouver fall. As I asked a couple of times, what's he ran into his own teammate? And then he gave a ray of wood to keep shot in the head, which I didn't like it all by the way. We'll get you for that, Eddie. Oh, he's a bomb. He's a piece of crap. He's a dummy. Well, pretty much a matter of material in the ill, but you wouldn't happen to have any tickets to the game tonight. Would you have sure to do a pair of my own and have a great day? I just got to get some of this to message. I will never, ever. In fact, I hope that's an F.U.s listing too. I will never, ever, ever give anything away on this program again, that you're a life on it. Depends on it. I'll leave that to power 96, okay? To buy the audience with their two grand a week or whatever to give them away. Well, we can't even get a phone. You know, we can't even get that. Where's that 800 number by the way? Anybody have any information? See, if we had a real program director instead of a silly woman that cries in a room over here, I have some information about these things. Give me a date. Give me a ballpark. Where's that pull for you number coming in? Where are those key chains? You know, even a center one thing. What's the day today? 20 second about October? Almost the whole month has gone. And now we got the new one and prove the correct, the CDs and the stores and specs, which is great. We appreciate their specs is great. They've got their fantastic. I apologize to the audience and to them that this year's deal has gotten so screwed up so far. Did I mention Carol yet today? By the way, Senator one, I better start. Because I would like to see those key chains with little buttons. You know, they take those great sounds. I'd like to see what they look like. Because I want to go on here and talk about them. I want to be sure that we have them Tuesday night and teach a lot between six and eight PMs coming Tuesday along with the CDs and cassette so we can raise a lot of money for center one and really get to this thing going now and catch up for a while's time. I'm trying to be a hard answer asking for things that are unreasonable. It's just that I would like to have this stuff so that when I can talk about it, it makes sense. But I realize them out of control. I understand. Just being a prick again. Here's homestead. Hello. Good morning, sir. How are you? What's there? Great. I have to walk out front this morning when the recycled truck BFI came. And I assume that the lane is still involved with BFI. I'm not sure. Yes, sir. Here is. Well, I guarantee you that truck. And I hope the guy, though, the crap in the truck, that was a garbage truck. That is not going to any recycled place. That is going to a garbage dump. You know. So, CR club needs to somebody to get involved in that crap. Okay. Okay. Okay. Got it. Right. Number two. I think I didn't even see it in the paper until you mentioned it. Well, page J had five F in the Herald and I. Well, I grew up in the era of outrageous TV. And if I'm not incorrect, he found and are he co-vac's pioneered out Registella. Right. And everything is relative. And in their time, it was outrageous. Exactly. While it was. In fact, I remember one time already co-vac. Even though we didn't see it on camera, there was a stark naked woman. He opened up the door. Yeah. You said that. Get that used to do. Absolutely. That's up and lost it. And the reason he lost it is there was a stark naked broad standing there and said, which we didn't see on camera, but that was why he lost it. Absolutely correct. Right. And that was the beginning of television as we know it today, which sucks. I'm sorry to say it. But yes, Alan had no right to start be-money where television is- So, we want to drag us back into the 50s and even the lion joined the 50s very much. It's not the 50s anymore. And we're not going to go backwards. We're going to go forward. We have to grow up someday. We can't continue living like a Ozzy and Harriet. That's not the real world. You're absolutely correct sir. Thank you very much for bringing that to my attention. And God bless you. Yes sir. And I'll pray for you. Thanks. Okay. I'll pray for all of us. We'll need it. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. You see, there is something wrong with television. You know, there's only one thing wrong with television. Most of it sucks. That's the only thing wrong with television. It's got the potential is unlimited. What are the greatest inventions in the history of mankind? One of the most entertaining inventions in history. But most of the programming blows. That's why the network audiences do indeling and dwindling and dwindling and dwindling. Because more and more people are looking for different kinds of entertainment. Maybe a little bit more adult entertainment. Maybe something a little bit less than, you know, Ozzy and Harriet and my three sons and stuff like that. Don't knock my three sons down. Ready? Oh, I'm sorry. But that's why you know, so long as they're constrained by the limits of the FCC, and over the year network television, people are going to continue looking for alternatives. You know, when people went out years ago about 10, 15 years ago and they started buying the big set like this. And for people who have big dishes, which I also have one, but I don't, you know, you know what the biggest thing that they subscribe to on the big dishes? Toronto. How do you like that? The same stuff, for normal, these that comes over the air and Europe, on over the year television. And people are watching it of all ages by the way, I'm sure that there's plenty of adolescents watching that stuff. Are they having a nervous breakdown? Are they raping women in the street? No. They go out and killing people. No. Always blaming. Oh, it's a sex. It's that those words. They said crap on Chicago. Oh, what's going to happen now? And then that line in there. He sounds just like Dan Quail. Where is that one line? Oh, yeah. Pre-marital sex situations. How do you like that? Pre-people are having sex before they get married. How do you like that? Oh, my God. Even teenagers are having sex on television, which we know could never really happen. Thank you Steve. God bless you. This is 5.6V. You a.l. Oh, right. Help me, Steve. Hey, man. I have a hundred days. There's something wrong with our TV. Our proof of directives of sex. Oh. I asked him what's worth of sex. He. Money run on Dr. E. E. Hey. And then he comes. Help me. Help me. I'll show you. Poor TV. With one day, Why no one ever talk to me. He was selling. It's catch with me. And then he will get to his place. Oh, my God. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. Yes. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. It's a local 3, equity prison battle over here. 1. I'll show you. Thank your forgiveness, I'm making805. It's protocol E cantionion Unfortunately, just before I speak at two theands from caller. Every corner gets in our cell bag. Check on the windows. on the outside, RG is dying at peace and dying crap. And they'll be doing that from 2 to 5 a quarter. And then we got the Jimmy Johnson. We could be really a slightly stressful show at 5 o'clock. Six o'clock Josh Darrell beyond killing the hour in there as only he can do. At least it's not on a beat. And then we got the Panthers in the Calgary Flame 7 o'clock, because I pregame game time 730 from the macarina. Lots of seats tonight, by the way. It's a Friday night, it's a boring town. Not much else going on. I'm sure that. So unless you got a really hot engagement this evening, come out to the macarina and watch the Panthers. They're right hot baby. They're smoking this moment. And Buray will play tonight. Not. Pavel, bereave his brother. But anyway, in fact, they probably should have bought a big full page. And the paper. Buray will play tonight. These people wouldn't know that they're talking about Valerie Buray. His brother, they wouldn't know that. And they might have brought next to her 50, 60 people out there tonight. We'll say, we'll see if the real hockey fans you up there tonight, or just the same schmoozers with their cell phones. That's what I'm going to be looking for tonight. I'm going to be scouring that crowd. I think I bring some binoculars. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. What do they as Neil? Yes, sir. I, you know, I told them, do agree with you, but you are so right. And I'm so tired of hearing people use television for escape go for every social, failure and ill that we have out there. Everything that goes on here, it's somebody else's phone. Oh, absolutely. And I want to ask those people, people like alcohol and Hitler and they didn't. Yeah, and Jack the Ripper and the Marquis decide the biggest pervert of all time. Right. Those people didn't have TV and if you don't bring us your data. Yeah. And if you're going to Africa and you see how the two seasons and the Hutu's, chop each other up with machetes, chop each other. And you know, they didn't ever grow up with the Ninja turtles. So let's see a 2T roll. I'm sorry. And so, you know, it's time we started taking a possibility for the real future society that are crossing the problem. Right. Anyway, keep up the good work. Okay, thank you. Some of the people who have been sent to Nelson, that's maybe not. I need to, uh, Oh, thank God. I forgot I forgot seven to make my video. Well, you know, we'll get to them. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Poor Beth Friedman. That Hollywood teacher from Silver Lake Middle School. She got new problems. Okay. I'll quite frankly, this is the new problem. Um, this surface before, I guess they're just getting around to filing your complaint. This is the same best Friedman was accused of having sex with that 13 or 14 year old boy who's now 17. And you guys were calling in saying, Oh, yeah. And I was going any or whatever his name was. I see how to believe that. I don't believe that. I think that if you're a son, if you're a 13 year old kid came home from school and said, Hey, dad, I'm banging my teachers. He's 40. You wouldn't be too excited about it. You wouldn't have looked you like like, huh? What you look like? It should look like that. I don't know what it looks like. Like I said, not too good. You'd be real upset. And anyway, so now the new deal is she was charged yesterday with contributing to the Linkwood Sea of another minor, a 17 year old day in your beach boy. The boys mother Brenda Del Valle filed a complaint with Hollywood police, accusing Friedman, giving her son beer and Zanne. A prescription drug used to treat anxiety and depression. For attorney says, totally ridiculous. It's a second to remiss demeanor charge and we plan to play not guilty. I know remember before when we go before the judge, not client played it not guilty the first time. She'll play not guilty this time. Maybe she could be teaching sex ads. Not that we want to convert you here on the ear because got all you know is what the real story is. There's a real bizarre deal here that kind of like vanished in the woodwork about how they had that they moved into the teacher. The whole family moved into a condo. Did you remember that? Something really bizarre with that family. Here's a mobile and pop in. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I have three things to discuss with you. Yes, sir. This is I just wanted to take my sadness and potassium gene shepherds. My first memory of listening to him was my parents' car. He had a nice listen to him. As long as I lived in the New York, he was a great monologist. He told great stories and he was always in controlling and he had a lot of things to say. He was nice to listen to him. Yes. The second thing is did you see the info Marshalls at the NRA is broadcasting? No. They've got a half hour info Marshall on where they have this woman actress, her name is Susan Howard. She's on there and she's talking about your constitutional right to have a gun. It's almost like it's like on mantra and she says, where's 3 million strong, but we have to grow to protect our right to have a gun. It was scary to see this and it shows you how desperate they are becoming. Now they're trying to use every kind of mass marketing technique that they possibly can. Yeah, they're protecting our rights. Hopefully they're losing ground. No, they're not. They still get a stick at their hands deep into the pockets of all the politicians all the way down to their knees. Okay, and the third thing I wanted to bring up to you was did you read the series in the Sun Sentinel about we're breeding killers in the ghetto. No. I'm in the car. I took it out and I read it. One of the things that was stated by a local civil rights leader down here is I don't remember his name. I can't quote it exactly, but basically what he said was when you have illiterate teenage mothers breeding who don't children who are not cared for or about. And in a culture of ignorance despair and poverty that they're breeding solos children. It's a frightening thing. The statistic is that. You think that's why we have all that rampant crime all over Latin America too because they're overpopulated none of those kids have any jobs in their desperate and starving do you sir. Oh, no, it's a kind of a thing to come out to the can't look church which a lot of these people listening to me right now are subsidizing every Sunday. We're creating a a dangerous underclass of solos and and what is that solos of desperate people of ignorant desperate useless people. And the statistic that they quoted and they had a little graphic is that the black males between the ages of 18 and 25 or something like that. The statistic with seven time hires and any other demigrants. Okay, 70. Yes. Oh, you saw it. George, thank you. Okay. I'll be shot of being murdered by a gun. Right. It's a scary thought to think that this entire generation of of killers is out there and it's being perpetuated by so many things including including the way the way that our generation put the welfare together. I mean, you know, like you said forced sterilization or there's more sterilization just keep saying it. I'll say it for you for it. 10 minutes after 11 a Q a m. If Friday you will be the following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rifle Association. Let's face most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing. But as usual with every problem there is a solution. Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare their shit out of people intimidate them and it giving you whatever you want. That's right. Handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? Drop a bank. Don't have enough money for fear. All the convenience stores takes Jim's and pretzels wire at it's all free. You've got to handguns. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. The simple solution of life's complex process. Why have to do is wait to five days for it and happiness is just around the corner. Hell, if you don't want to wait to five days who cares? By the dancing of the street just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great absurd that the working problem is out if he considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make you think. Well, we are for population control. Question about that. 1115 at 5.50 QM. I know I've said it at a million times before I'll say it was just one more time. Same people don't want to live in a society where everybody in their brothers walking around with a gun. Oh my god. And of course the vast majority of people believe that they got nothing to say about it. They're not going to write letters. They're not going to make a phone call. They don't make a peak. But you'll notice every time there's an argument about anything that has to do with gun control or we have another mass shooting. The newspapers and the magazine that was magazine like time and newsweek, they're flooded. They're inundated with other these letters. Million to letters all saying basically the same thing. All the NRA song book all over again. Same old crap. Speaking of the same old crap by the way, bump in the road for Trump. Former flag Chuck Jones and X Marine with a foot fetish is doing his best to the real Donald Trump's presidential race from jail. Jones doing one to four years after having a sexual relationship with a high heel pumps he stole from plant Marla Mapples. Road to the New York Post from prison and upstate New York. Most inmates here are members of one reform party or another. He says in plan of over their hero Trump. It's like a brotherhood of the con he says one con artist to another. The felon was compelled to take up his pen by the Donald's plan that he's never until the event of the day. I left my wife the not for a younger woman. I ended up with the young woman explained the real estate slash casino tycoon. I didn't lie about it. But Jones says that's a lot of crap. As you and I both know he says Trump had stashed mapples at the San Maritz Hotel in January 1988 and they weren't baking cakes. I also used to drop mapples off at Trump Tower through 1989 and 89 whenever Ivana was out of town around Lentwick City. Meanwhile Trump's play of withholding a one and a half million dollar divorce payment to mapples after her threat to blab about what he's really like if he runs for office. Didn't fly. A man hat and Supreme Court judge on Tuesday ordered him to pay up. How do you like that? There's a guy who stands for nothing who's never been elected dog catcher who's in airhead with a lot of money. And who publicly threatened to blackmail his ex wife that if he writes a tell-all book he's not going to pay his uh, uh, an alamony payment. And the judge says oh sorry you got to pay up okay you got to pay up. I want to have been in bucks. Publicly threats that's called blackmail I think is the word that they use for blackmail. Yeah. And the media talk about him and my good friend Jesse Ventures he this is what bothers me about Jesse as much as I like a lot of stuff that he says. How do you embrace a Trump like this? How does anybody seriously suggest that this man ought to be the president for this thing you're on the abutton? He's probably got a finger on it. Does that like kind of time but everything else we've been talking about? I think so. President based on what president Oprah president Warren Bady president Schmendrick. And then the sun sent us today is a fetish and bad enough. Here's this editorial about Elizabeth though. Elizabeth though. Dumber than a family book. I mean she comes across. She is the silliest and most ridiculous. Jack Delay she speaks he's such a silly person. Voter's losing leadership options is the headline in his heart wrenching gut twisting editorial of the sun sent me the. Early dropouts create a shortage of candidates. Oh yeah we lost we're losing Jerry Bauer. And the pat you can't and jump chip over to the before party those two Nazis. Dan Kale. What's the guy case that gets like two votes and drops out every year and what's the name from the one that runs every year also. From Tennessee. Linda Leruch. No and I worse than that I can't even think of the guy's name that's how obscure he is. This guy who really believes he's going to be president someone he every year he's the first one to drop out every four years. And who else do we lose? I said Dan Kale. So basically you got George W. Steve Forbes of course has got no chance of that complex and with that attitude and personality a silly person and the John McCain. Who's going to give George W. Run for his money which may surprise a lot of people. So who now needs silly people like Elizabeth stole and John case that can all these other people have no chance anyway. Lamar. Lamar Alexander thank you. Somebody known as those hey Lamar maybe you shouldn't you change your mind. If that came there baby somebody knows who you are Lamar. I know heading Lamar. Oh my god what a bunch of simple to say Elizabeth still. I sure hope I president doesn't run out of my husband doesn't run out of my agra. Yeah a silly silly silly person just to listen to her babbling like like a like a babbling bro like a simple person and we're losing our options. Very perspicacious very observant son Sentinel. I'm going to read top of these things baby. Here's Volk and hello. Yeah Neil. Yes sir. I'd like to bring my girlfriend over here. 560 50560 on the AT&T while it's lying. Here's sunrise. Hi Neil. Yes sir. Like the back step from into the Jenny Lopez article. Yes. I think if I'm not mistaken this is her third column in this unsendial. Really? She may be misreading and I don't think she's 13 because the first column she wrote was from the standpoint of being a checker at public. I see ever since I reached the age of 13. Whatever she is she still. She's 17 or 18 whatever she is. Great to call him never to laugh. Yes. We're on target but the first one about how that's in that's a case in more power to it. And then that's the reason she doesn't. She says she's leaving in 10 months in counting whatever. Right. And the first column she wrote had to do with root customers. Right. I had to check out. Nice calling Jenny. Absolutely. And the second thing is. Again my memory may fail me but you were talking about. Uh, any co-vac. Right. And the nude on the side of the set. Uh, maybe it was soupy sales. Absolutely. That's what I was going to say. It was soupy sales. But it doesn't make any difference. But it still way back there in the early days of television back there. It was really 50s. The reason I called it said it was a collector of outstakes and in clubs. I was wondering if there was such a thing as an oincol that's like that because I have this soupy sales. You know. That's probably a soupy sales. And the last thing is that if you want to see a really good example of a gene checker to the movie called a Christmas story. Right. Green movie. Okay. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, on the AT&T wireless line. Sorry about that, Jenny. She's not 13 anymore. She's almost over enough to get that lot of her and she's counting the days. Maybe we can mark the days off on a calendar together, Jenny. Here's Hi, Leah. Hello. There you go. Yes, sir. How about Jenny for president? All right. There you go. I'm tired of my buddy, Jesse. There he's two type with Donald Trump. We need her for president. Any ill two subjects? How guarantee you better listen to the dull? Probably. Probably. Two subjects. I want to talk about that. I know you've been talking about all this week. Yes. I just flew back from San Antonio. And you know they're trying to pass on arena. A vote on building an arena for the festival. Yes. And they're bait to the citizens is that the arena be all goes through. They will create scholarships for the local kids. Does not say how many. Does not say for how many kids or for what school nothing. Just simply it will create additional scholarships for the kids. Sure. How about taking that money instead of just building the arena? The more schools are. Or have thousands of scholarships. Exactly. Right. But nothing else or just additional scholarships. Every single one of these new buildings, including the macaroon over here, they got Thousands of empty seats. They didn't need them in the first place. You watch when the heat start to regular see in this new American Airlines arena. They're having a bit of a time selling season tickets. There's going to be thousands of empty seats for every game. They needed that arena like I need number hole in the head. And not once in the few spots I heard on the radio did they mention that it was for the San Antonio Spurs. It was for multi use, especially rodeo. Oh yeah. They did not want to mention that. Well that's the way to hook them. Yep. And another, I got to commend the hero on the series of the Miami International Airport. Yes sir. They really went out of their way. Well time they did something good. I'm waiting 23 years for it. Well I've been working at the airport for 22 years. And it surprised me then the sort of call on the concourse age. That they talked about how many millions in the cost overruns. And the delays and everything they never mentioned how many additional gates were built. You know not a single additional gate. Not one. It has the same amount of gates as it had 20 years ago. Great. Yes. All right. And I believe it. But it sure does look pretty. It's got three floors. But the us there all there's nothing. There's absolutely nothing there. But it sure looks good to you in pretty. Exactly. It's used by Delta USA. USAR. Right. And TWA Delta I think has like six flights of day into Miami. Yeah. USAR has like 17 18. But that's worth five points for a billion don't you think? Yep. And I've never, I've counted. I think the most I've counted using the complete concourse has been six airplanes. Nice. Beautiful. Okay. Go ahead, Alex. You're doing it baby. Mayor Pinga. Remember the guy that called us about wanting to put his concession thing up by the stadium. Remember that program he was up in Palm Beach somewhere few months ago. And he was told that if you wanted to get the concession that he would have to grease the right palms and do business with a right company which he refused to do. And they said no. No. I mean this is not even a tip of the iceberg. Okay. It's like a little tiny chip out of a big block of ice out of the North Pole. This thing about the airport. There is so much corruption and so many payoffs and so much palm reasing and so much crap going on in Dave County. And it would leave me I have nothing but sympathy and empathy for those of you who live in Dave County. But don't do like that one guy tried to yesterday and tell me. Oh, Dave County is where it's at. Baby it's great. We love it. You know, you're stuck there. We we feel sorry for understand. You're stuck. 26 after 11 at 5. 60 W QA. I know for your. Okay. Round and long till the gates where it ends got a great big zipper in the back of my hand. And off the horse at the old barn door got the saddle burned around on the right on the horn. Look at the stop. Look at the stop. Those are dancing all around. There goes Johnny and his mother's back down. All the men left. All the men right. All the men needs a pillow to bat. Give your partner a silly smart. All going hands for a big circle jerk. Followed here is all raise your hand. Who's going to be the next pivot man. In back here partner. I'm going to be the next pivot man. In back here partner home for a drink. Lift your lips and give him a link with a great six mile and a great six mile. That ain't no your durable deep flow. So I got the 10 horse but here comes the nine on the outside. I'm sorry. He's puking in the stretch. It's 1131. Anyway, that's what you're going to be hearing the two o'clock to say. I've no hand with be full and any chaos. They're a corner. Wow. Then of course the Jimmy Johnson show with. You got a shot at the five o'clock with Hank. Josh Darrell Clarice will be here at six and we got the Panther Flame game seven o'clock tonight. Pregame with Goli and a game of seven thirty from the macarine. Like I said, paper says, 55 hundred unsolved tickets for the game tonight. 55 hundred. I'm going to tell you didn't look too good there the other night. Really good game. Another one five two over over Vancouver. They got a pretty decent team this year. We whipped their ass for the entertaining game. Lot of empty seats. See it was all built on fantasy was all built on bull crap on a big year four years ago. You know, Stanley cup and everybody writing about what the banner is in the car. We love you. It was all built on on on on. Foning this just like that her cone football thing. I had a laugh also right there at the end of the morning show this morning. They're having a debate on the worst team about well, you know, what what conference could the her cones join? So that we could really, you know, get some great rivalries. Which is code for what conference could they join? So that like say if they were playing the Florida and Alabama or beer, they could have 20 or 30, 40,000 fans from the other team in the orange bull. So maybe then I can close to filling it up. It's all built on a deck of cards. It's not real. It doesn't exist. 5 670 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hiley. Hello. God, you listen to the first team. Tell you what's the real last five minutes. It's on here and I can't turn it off. Also, you're just speaking about Hank is being okay to be at call today. Maybe being okay will be there too. Just be taking some be know. I was saying he had a caller yesterday that was great. That call to say that he doesn't care that the kids are in school and brown is like, you know, in those those what he calls things. Horrible school. Horrible. But we have to preserve the great game of baseball. Oh yeah. Yeah. He had kids that couldn't get into a classroom. He was worried about the hand. Whatever that guy's name. Yeah. John Henry. Well, you know he was out of the track. He was thinking of the horse. Yeah. The horse is acid. He was thinking about John Henry. I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah. Go get him. Can we preserve him with some sodium nitrite? How's that? Yeah. Go get it. Oh. In closing. Yes sir. F.D. Use the. Okay. Let people make their own choices. I realized that's very radical in America. Where everybody wants to decide for everybody else. What food you can eat and what we do can smoke and all this other bull crap. Just educate the public. Let them make their own intelligence choices and stop killing each other. That sounds good. Oh, that's radical, man. You can't keep saying those things. Not in this freaking country. Okay. 5.670560 pound 560 on the ATNT line. I've said it before. before I'll say it again I've said it 25 many times the sports nerds are a special breed don't expect them to say anything that makes any sense. We could be having all out nuclear war all over the world right now. We could be just breathing our lands gas and somebody would call it on this radio station and say what is your take on that for Don't You the Pew game this weekend? Do you have any thoughts that had Vatavia Lee Roy game? How is that nine horse look in the mid-strat jetty? Wow. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. How you doing buddy? Great. You know I'm really sick of these athletes. I used to be ice and joy sports. You know I can't even watch the games anymore. Yeah. I'm so sick of these athletes, bitching and bitching and you know what what I would say I would be nervous about a bunch of guys who shower together. I'm going to tell you from experience. Always be real concerned about that. Well I got nothing to be nervous about. Okay. But I believe you. Okay. But anyways, you know they bitch and bitch by the tower. He's getting this. I want that. Yeah. What he's getting. Well you know if I was the owner of all these computer I would say what the hell would you guys be doing? Right. If you guys wore a baby shower on cow crap, that's right. They either be popping guys. Back in growth or even an asshole. Right. They're horned and filmed out. Right. So you know why? Look at his varine to fall by the way. I realize Harryson and cheap and a broin friends are upset. At least got to meet me. Chris. Oh no. Nothing basically. We're pretty excited about that. But here's a guy a kid who's they offer over three million dollars a year and he says no. Okay. What else is he going to be doing? Like you said. Pumping dad. Right. He's going to be pumping it. And the dad too. Right. All right. You. God bless you, sir. We're starting on this show. We talked to the probably the minority out there out in the majority of the minority. But people realize there's a few more important things and some stupid juxtapes who can play a goddamn game. What you have sometimes you find it very entertaining. That's fine. But when some idiot comes along and says, Oh no. I'm not signing for no $6 million. I want nine million. Like that election. Yes. Okay. I say send them to Siberia. Send that risky to Siberia. Son of a bitch. Holden up those poor people and out of one guess what? Ottawa is still kicking at. Well, I don't see what they don't want you back. And this isn't just a guy that's holding out. This is a guy who already had a sign contract. And he says, Oh, no. I'm not going to show up unless you give me a big extension and a lot more money. And they said, No. No. How many of you folks out there? No. No. How many of you folks out there? No. No matter what you do, I don't care what you do and how what you do it. How many of you would turn down six million eight million year. Anybody out there? I bet you even George wouldn't turn it down. No. For what? Hey, stick it about it. God. I just makes my guts. My kishki's twist just makes my insides puke out. Boy, do you know they can only play so many years? Yeah. I love those calls too. Guess what? If somebody would pay me eight or nine million a year for five years, I think five years would handle it. And maybe for one. Maybe one or two. I would say a couple of years would they really great. Maybe about six months might not be bad. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Neil. Yes. Have you been watching the real world at all? No. And I think they put those neurotic psychotic teenagers on it now. I'll tell you that Jewish girl, she, she, oh, God, a sheep. Go test. Bitches and come play. MTV has lost it. They didn't understand the reason that they were starting to suck a lot of us in there to watch is they had some real hot looking young teenagers on there, almost naked every week. And now all they got is a bunch of neurotic basket cases and at Bickey Queen on there, nobody wants to see a bunch of Bickey kids on there. Oh, he's gone. Oh, thank you. Oh, thank you for that. It's amazing. How did they got it with a butterfly net? They screwed up. You know, they had a good thing gone. They can't even keep that gone. That's right. Neil, it's impossible to make a shameless request. Yes, sir. The, that Chinese food. You got it, man. Oh, that's great. You got it. You are the best. And God bless you. Take care. And we'll pray for the chinks. I mean, five six seven or so many of them. Five six seven, oh five, six, but not down here. We want more Chinese people. I'm telling you right now. We want to do we have a look on China town here? We ought to as long as they are. I mean, it's a rhino's like two or three China towns. LA has got two China towns. New York has got China town. San Francisco has got a try. Airbie major city in America has got China town. Do we have China town? Oh, no. Oh, we got his Cuba town. It's all we got. I say, let's take Mayor Pinga, send him to China and bring in some, you know, Chinese mayor. That's what I say. Or let's make Bob, Mayor. 21 till noon at 2 a.m. This is five, 60. You a.m. Just look at them. We're good. I can have a good one. But to be honest, I'm just off the sale. Yeah, uh huh. We saw a man. That's it. Project? Uh, uh, just a place for the talk. I'm just on the nymph. Oh, it's a fool. Okay, hold on. You're second, okay? Yeah. Uh, hello. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I was speaking. Yeah, hello. Who's speaking? Yeah. Uh, hello. Can you hear me? Yeah. Uh, you got Resort for sale? Uh, uh, how much you want for the song? Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the Allison. I come over. Maybe.<|ml|> that with you. Okay. Uh, does a job pricing, keys overlooks, huh? Huh? Emma? John De everything. Okay. A song that boards the back of it? Go. It's down. What did you get to go and get the next one? Okay. Okay. What did you get? You know, we need to get a general. General, you get a general. You get a general. You get a general. Find out where's your dad? I'll go and get a file. I'll get a general. I'll get a general. Okay. I'll be right there. I'll go there. I'll get a general. I'll get a general. I'll get a general. I'll go there. Okay. That's all. 16, so let's go. 16, so let's see if you can get this article. And today's the ongoing series in a hero's political baggage. My name is National Airport doesn't work. It just makes you angry and angry and then what makes you even more pissed off and that is, I'm not going to say the people out there don't care, but we can't do anything about it. There's nothing you can do about it. You can get angry, but there's not a goddamn thing you can do about it. And if you want to fly anywhere, I mean, flying out of Fort Lodderdale. I guess they got the parking thing done now. Finally, in Fort Lodderdale, I guess. Maybe somebody will call us. I haven't flown out of there in ages because I don't want to park 20 miles away and take a goddamn bus. But you can't go anywhere from Fort Lodderdale Airport. How many places can you go nonstop? You can go like to Orlando, Tampa, New York, Boston, where at Atlanta. Atlanta, Miami, you can fly from Fort Lodderdale to Miami. So you can. And that's it. Opa Locke, maybe. That's it. There is no place you can fly to from Fort Lodderdale nonstop, almost no place. At least not what you want to go. So you're stuck with this other piece of crap. And the article today, the $5.4 billion construction plan at MIA promises architecture of world-class quality, but the most important and public piece of the airport, the main terminal, where passengers by tickets and check bags, will fall far short of the mark. $5.4 billion, they're going to spend, and guess who's going to get the biggest improvements and the biggest thing, let's see us joins. The people with the most lobbyists, American Airlines, and United Airlines. American, by the way, with the strong support of then commissioner, Alex Penga, the airline in 1993, want to prove it for its $500 million super concourse, then pushed for a move of the airport to record what opposed them. He said, don't call me Judy. We need a correction of what I judge a totally unworkable situation in the airport. American Airlines lawyer Ted Tedesco said at the time, elder reason that the pressure later this way. Oh, it wasn't a big duty. It was the elder. And it goes on and on. It was the commissioners and the course mayor of Penga was a commissioner back then. Just unbelievable. The people who are manipulating and controlling all of stuff that goes on in there for their own fun and profit, and as far as the public sends their input like that, and it's something I never thought about. Because I use the park and all the time there. So I go up on the third floor. I go up on the walkways there, the moving walkways, which sometimes they're moving much of the time they're not. Once in a while they move. Guess what? It costs $12 million to build that crap and nobody knows that it's there. How do you like that? Nobody knows that it's there to moving runways. It says on the terminal third floor, a $12 million moving walkways system runs empty because it's hidden from sight. And because it's acceptable, accessible only by labor and connections. A disgrace says Donald E. Lepter in the vice chairman of Cardinal hotels and casinos and the chairman of the one community, one goal visitor's task force, he says, my main international has got the most user on friendly arrangements that can be imagined. And I've always wondered, you never do see anybody up there. Great. Maybe you want to, you're fine for me. You don't have to go push and over a bunch of old ladies who aren't going anywhere, if we refuse to stand over on the right. I need a trouble finding them. No, I know where they are. So that's good. Like I said, let's leave it that way. Okay, I like it. $12 million and the goddamn walkways don't walk most of the time. I like the rubber ones. You know, oh God, that's that almost a sexual experience. Whoo! Here's my any, hello. How you doing, Neil? Pretty good, sir. I was just calling in to give my congratulations to the jury who found our commission of birth in here. The aid in the California business from in my guilty on those bogus, private retarders, and I just feel like the government wasted a lot of money and a lot of effort and a lot of time. Trying to find these guys guilty of crimes that they didn't commit. Why can't we do something with this? Well, probably because he was black, you know. What do you mean? $5.6705.680 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Mine? Sounds like you. Oh, I had the phone down. That's okay. I'm going to try to get through this traffic. No, how's it going? You're driving a tractor, a tractor, a trailer through traffic? Yeah, right through. And he's not a cell phone. Let's hear it for this guy. All right. I'm a first-hand man. Hey, Neil. I don't have season tickets. I don't own season tickets for the Panthers, but fortunately, I was handed to tickets the other day. Yes? For a game? Right? Yes, what game it is though? I'm really freaking out here. I'm a January 1, 2000. Yeah. I'm a wonder. And do you think the ice is going to be melted? No, no. I can't imagine. Yeah, I'm wondering what's going to happen on that day. And notice that they're not playing at noon that day. Like they have all the other years that we've had a team of 3-block. 3-and-a-half to do them because they realize that everybody's going to be under the coverage to at least one o'clock that day. I'm just kidding. I can't wait till that day. This is she was going to be like, you even driving around outside. Who are you? Who are playing that day? I haven't looked at the schedule. The lightning. Like I said. Hey, I'm sorry to me in the club level, $71.50. Can't be good. Hey, Neil. I also heard you still there. I'm here. Okay. That the FBI has warned all the local municipalities to be on the lookout for Mayham on that day. I don't know what that means. Yeah. I know something we don't know. I don't think so. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm watching where you're going. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Watch out for Mayham on New Year's Day. The one thing that I find amazing. I just like I told you many, many months ago, which didn't take a genius to figure it out. Is that the Y2K thing turns out to be for the most part much to do about nothing. I mean, the other had to be billions of dollars spent to update all the computers, etc. In fact, one of the airport guys was to run the pilots was saying, well, you know, something they've already tested. All the, they've done the test life. But he said, guess what? It really doesn't have any impact because planes just like automobiles aren't programmed to fly on a particular date. Yeah. I know. It's just like the, uh, which century are we going to? Let's do that again, huh? That was one of the great shows of all time. Maybe feel like a genius. Let's see. One in one. You know, let's see. Yeah. We're not going into the 21st century boys and girls. The 21st century doesn't start till the year 2001. Oh, yeah. You're your P&R parade. You're coming our good time. Like always. God dang it. We are not entering the 21st century. This will be the last year of the 20th century. Yeah. There was no year zero. Just like when you're counting in 10s. The first group of 10 are 1 through 10. The second group of 10 are 11 through 20. The third group of 10. Pinos are 21 through 30. Whatever you're counting. Pinos is rest whatever it is. Asoles. It's a 10 at a time. The next one starts in one because there is no. Well, I won't say there's no zero penis. There's always John and sales. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. As we continue seeking the goddamn truth here today. Why two k. You don't have to have an wrist break down. You don't have to take all your money out of the bank. You don't have to hide under the bed. The world will not come to the wood end. It's not Armageddon. It's set of insolent. But I would not be flying on too many third world airlines on that weekend. Not a good idea. Here's what the locker. Hello. I'm not going to. Yes sir. I'm going to make me wait too long because I see I'm in the open last year. What can I do for you sir? I have a bicycle. You're ready? 560560. You waited 17 minutes to do a funny voice. 560560 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. I'll go now. Yes sir. How you doing? I'll go now. I was arrested for half a joint the other night by the Miami hero. Oh my God. By the Miami hero. By the Miami hero. I'll go over for the photo with my cigarette pack. The city of Miami. Miami hero. The rest of you now. No. You've got to listen by the Miami hero. The hero is arresting marijuana smoke. Oh my God. Oh you had to wrapped up in the hero. The city of Miami will not give me my damn bronchle back unless I give them a thousand dollars. Yeah. Or a half a joint. Let me just do that. That's pretty expensive. This is unbelievable. I wonder if this has to do with these dirt bags. She's a rodeo and all these guys that were working back there. Sounds pretty old to me. The city. And now I got to pay because of my marijuana. You don't mean another one of those holiocruxes are odious to you. Neil. I think this is absurd. This is really not fair. I mean after joint. You know. Okay. Don't do it again, man. Will not. She and Vancouver. She and Vancouver. Amsterdam. Wow. That's the American fucking wing. Yeah. 600,000 people arrested last year for possession just in the US of A. Not for growing. Not for distributing. Not for selling. Just for possession. Black parents Thomas said was only a little pin joint. Oh. My favorite call of all time was that one kid. Well, sure you'll Neil. That guy. Because he knows that what I said is true. This is a very, very backwards juvenile place. The US of A. Full page and in the newspaper people are starving. Steve Allen. Why doesn't a multi millionaire like you take all the money that you're raising? I'm sure he's not using his own money because they got the coupons in it or get people to contribute to this this bull crap cause. You want to donate to a good cause. Help the people that are starving to death. Okay. People are going to freeze to death of north this winter, which is going to start very guy damn soon. By the way, they're having snow in someplace this weekend. And you're raising money so that you can dictate what's on television. People don't want to see it if they want it off. They won't watch it. Very simple. People don't want vinyl ice cream on a market place anymore. They'll stop buying it. They'll stop eating it. And guess what? The ice cream companies won't make it anymore. They don't want Jerry springer on. People turn it all off. They won't be on anymore. They'll have no ratings. That's the way it works. Just like the old Steve Allen shows Steve. If people didn't want to see it, they would have turned it off. It would have gone off the air because you would have had no rating. That's the way it works. It works that way in the 50s. It works that way in the 90s. And if people don't watch their kids, they don't want their kids to watch whatever the program's are. Then let the people be responsible for their kids. Oh, what a concept. I am so sick and tired of the Steve Allen's and the Jim Kennedy's and the Jerry Fallwell's and the Pat Robertson and all the good news you're telling all of us. What we can watch and what we can think and what's good and what's bad and what we should Where and don't forget we got to have the kids rest up on those uniforms to go to school. All the little brown shirts marching it off will be proud. Go stepping to school every day. Then they will be good. Just look at the Nazi. They were good little old B.D. Nazis, huh? Right? Oh, see, Kyle, baby. As Ken Jenny says, see, Kyle. Four minutes till noon here at QA. This is five sixty QAF. The following is a message from the Boulder Colorado Police Department. Boulder Colorado, thousands, fresh air and corruption that rivals Miami. Hi, I'm Chief Mark Bechner of the Boulder Police Department. By now you're all aware that this country offers the finest judicial system money Can buy. But it can't stay that way without the financial support of wealthy folks like you to help us Continue to serve protect and be your hoard. So if you're inclined to sexually abuse your children, Please send the death with the lamp or any other blood instrument. Why you can defend on me and others like me to deliver on selected law enforcement. Like a tamper in with evidence or losing a DNA sample. Sooth? Say, thanks for the new accurate job. That's odd. Yeah, I don't want to body in our body. We've got a suspect over here. Sorry to hear it. So like I was saying, keep them dying and the check slides. So I was Mr. Fungu and by the way, I'm sorry. It's a 12.01.5. 60. You got to admit it was a lot of fun. It was a good time at O.J. trial. Can we enjoy it if they would have fried as asked we'd like to bet it was a lot of fun. Some familiar with the design debates at the airport state that the main terminal might have commended a bigger budget if only the general public had hired lobbyists to win a Provell of its new $1.3 billion super concourse American Airlines had to retain more than ten influential county commission lobbyists and lawyers. United Airlines, which is now slated for an area of her port getting $500 million in dollars of their construction hired six lobbyists. In fact, the success of American Airlines and winning at super concourse is a story of political perseverance. American Airlines began to push the idea for a new super concourse 47 gates long in 1991. It would replace an equivalent number of existing gates and was to estimate it cost a $500 million. The airport director then Rick Elder objected at the proposal. He said the airline could be accommodated by renovating concourses the NE, a project estimated roughly a hundred million less than the super concourse. With a strong support of then commissioner Alex Pinga, the airline in 1993 won approval for its $500 million super concourse, then pushed for move of the airport director would oppose them. We need a correction of what I judge a totally unmerkable situation in the airport American Airlines lawyer Ted Tedesco said at the time Elder resigned under pressure later that week and it goes on and on and on. About how all this money is being spent to accommodate the worst airline in the airport, the airline that we just had in the middle of all of this scandal about all the drugs being smuggled about the ramp rats and a goddamn hand grenades, all of these things and millions and millions and millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars are being spent to accommodate the worst airline at the airport. For those of us who go there was paying passengers where we go we're going to get out of the airport. That's what. Because we don't have any lobbyists working for us and these people don't give a crap about us. Right Mayor Pinga, you little turd, you little weasel you little crook. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line, plenty of open lines were weight 9, 2300 of them. Here's a mobile and haven't sure how long. Hello, back to our audience. Yes, a meal, listen. Here's a couple of more facts and reasons to all of those people that would all believe in a theory of evolution. The first one is anybody driving along south on 95 between Sterling and Sheridan is a nice big putt of Peter Whirl. I don't know what your nickname for him is. Just like a long hard look in that and you'll think twice what evolution. The second one is that you see us to them in news on the day before, but they dug up that woody mammoth fully encased in out of his assault pool in North Pole. And this thing was so fully encased that he had the test coming out of the ice. So there's other reason also how about those other doctors pissing off those Hindus and send it to the law to one hell all the rest of us up there at land during the convention. Yeah, at least did you think those little long will have a good time down there. Listen also, I've cut it up for you. Show this for Jimmy. We have a shot. We really have a shot. We have a shot. Hey, hi. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. They just lost their wrenches to all of a sudden somebody just pulled a plug. Look at that. I'll get a chance to play my song 20 or 30 times till 2 o'clock. I love it. Thank you again, Tracy Nealy. She's on a way to Maine. She ain't going to be here. Here's the mobile in Fort Myers. Hello. How are you doing today? Okay, sir. I think it's just a call in Monday. You're talking about the hurricane. I live down on Markle Island in Friday afternoon when the storm was forecast. The highest storm forecast the past or Markle Island. My wife and I are watching the embassy affiliate over here on Channel 2. The Chief of the Arlogy's famous Tom Rector. He goes during the forecast. He goes, now it would be a good time to get all your personal belongings. Documents. Your whole heart is insurance. Life insurance papers. Versergic. It's a good time to get around anywhere. He goes, look at your steps. You're a defensive division. Yeah I'm like, god of my die. Nobody you understand most of the people who are here in South Florida should have won. Unbelievable. Look at myself. Did I just hear this guy said? What's his name Tom Rector. Rector. Rector, Rector. This guy is terrible. I mean he will take some of those dead beach you got out on the east coast to come over here. But god, these people over here are lying. Well we sent you one. We sent you Corey Sabin and we're trying to rub him. Don't worry, Sam. He looks like any monster from the monsters. That girl will be caught here cut there. That's the guy. I think I would like to pal. We're starting them back. See you. 560, 50560, pound 560. You know, it's how whipped up they are about to tear poor things. Did they tear and of course these people have discovered those walkways either. No, no. They're still lost. They can't. They're lost because nobody's speaking in place. That's what they're upset about. Like I said, the day I don't care about that. I mean, yes, it's a little bit annoying at times. I don't really care. I'm not interested in speaking anybody at tear poor. I go to the counter. I get my ticket. They're my boarding pass. I get on a plane. That's it. I would like to have a place where you can go and get a good meal. That would be nice where we had like larger waiting areas where was like less congested, where you had the feeling that maybe something had some idea of what was going on. Especially like I said, over and see this is the thing that kills me American Airlines. They're getting the biggest chunk. And they're the biggest wreck of all. They are, and they don't care. They're the one who are the arrogant. They don't give it. They got their lobbyists. They got their lawyers. They got the politicians in their hip pockets like down Coroleone. They don't give a crap. And that's what they give you for service. Crap. The last time American Airlines had a flight to anywhere there was on time a flight from here to Poccipsy, 1986. That's the last time they had a flight that arrived on time. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. I knew. Yes, sir. I've reason why I don't care. I go out of Fort Lauderdale. Is the parking thing finished now? It's finished. You know what? Even when that parking garage was being built, I used to valet parking. It was the best thing of for $2 more a day. I never had a problem. Well, they're parking. I even know the head valet parking. Oh, yeah, they have valet parking. You just take your thing right up to the curb. It's $2 more a day than long term. And it's so much, it's so worth it. And then when you call it, then you get off the plane. You just call them. They bring your thing to you. But that's why I don't care. And I hate Miami. It's so corrupt and so fast. And nobody gives a crap. That's the best. Nobody gets any care. These people all make a bad deal. Nobody votes. And they know that. That's why this all goes on. These people are dead as a door now. Exactly. I would just say I'm very frustrated. How funny is it that I would be used to have, Phil Henry, Neil Rogers, Rick and Cuz and Randy Rose all in one station. Well, yeah. Yeah. And now they're all back in this market, all on different stations and all at the same time. Yeah. So it sucks. Rick and Rick and Cuz are on at this time. Well, I'm sorry. You're right. That's the only one. But the other three are all on at the same time. Yeah. So back in fourth, who's you going to commercial, I'm up to 100. Yeah. You know something? Don't unfazed me in the least bit. Doesn't affect the effect of the show even in the school. No, that's not even my new. That station was smart. You see, on that they were smart. That's right. Anybody knows that if they were smart. They put them on from 2 to 5. And then my audience would come over there. And then you'd have the opportunity to have a large audience. And then you're about the third person in the middle. And the third person in the three weeks that he's been on here. You're only about the third person that's even mentioned that he's on. Probably because people don't even know. Well, they sure want to know. I gave him plenty of free publicity here. Maybe if they weren't so goddamn cheap, they go out and get some goddamn billboards or something. Have a great takeout. All right. Oh, yeah. Neal's getting us free publicity. Oh, don't seem to be working too good, doesn't he? Nah, that's not working. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Nine minutes past noon. By the way, isn't that the station's got the tapes? Oh, yeah. We do the shoreline, thank you. 9 minutes past 12 at WQM. It's Friday. You best. Okay, 12 per team at QM. We've reached the ultimate soft lord experience. Or have you just told George, take a look at that. And I've got this beautiful little computer screen. There's one line lit on the board. It's a mobile in Seattle. Hello. Hey, Neal. Yes, sir. I'm here by one call, pal. Hey, they don't know what they're missing down there. Yeah, they don't know what's squad. It's a radio wasteland up here. I thought the only thing we have is the Marshall at best time like it. Oh, yeah. God. I know. I'm not going to be a ronor. Hey, I'd miss you so much Neal. Hey, I was just wondering, do you have, are you selling it? I've been in the tapes for over a year or two. Yes, we are. Yeah. Okay, after the call, I want to get on with George and grab a tape. I just, I miss you a lot. And it's really, I'm glad I moved out of Florida because this is honestly a living of breathing town. I mean, you'd love it up here. Yeah. That's what you come up and take a visit. Too far. Oh, it's not that far. I've never been there. I'd like to go there and I'd like to go to Vancouver too, but they're too damn far. Oh, you know, if you come up here, go to Seattle. Go to Vancouver. I recommend Victoria over Vancouver. Yeah. Victoria is one of the most incredible, clean cities. It's, it's so clean. It's Seattle is too. It's just like a beautiful clean city. And the people are actually nice and respectful up here. It's amazing. I mean, I've had a sound like Toronto to me. Yeah, you know what? It's like, you know what? It's like a cleanest big city in the world. They say about Toronto. I know, it's probably a lot like Toronto. And I just, I just missed your stories. You know, my favorite story. I think you've ever told was, of those times that you went on that date with the girl and your red is a car. Right. That was, grab the tape. Scratch the crap out of the Caribbean, Chalice. Beautiful black Chevy. Yeah. You've got that. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. I want it on the blanket. It's a grancer. Yeah. That's the guy with the greatest. I'm just driven around. I remember when he was a name was Arlene. She was a knockout. You would have liked her up to do that. Oh, yeah. You told you were saying that she was like a beautiful girl. You were like, how did you, when did you go? Huh? She was, she wanted to date you or something for a while and you were like, give it her the brush off. Yeah. How did you eventually just say, okay, I'm going to do that. She lived in Detroit. I was in East Lansing. I mean, I was just a punk. I couldn't afford to be a, you know, smashing up cars every week. Okay. Hang on, pal. Okay. I'll give you the info. All right. And take care of yourself. Hey, you too. You're my best radio friend. God bless you, sir. You too. Hang on. Line five. You sound so depressed. Done like, Shiva.Ji bread that sounds like a Bond in the pred station. I'll keep that here. Oh, okay. Hold on. Hey, watch out. Sounds like emails from dozens of screen identification all locally. Let me think you're like, ass. See, if someone knew that, then darn loud. Look, possibly. Lee will not find out about that. What do you think about this? Throwing kimchi, seasoning soup, rice. Hey, guy, how many? He's like a Oh god, what a place this time. I mean, I looked at that. I wish I should have taken. I wish I had my Polaroid Cameron here like Jason did the time he dropped that third in the toilet That j-shade turn. I said it's a good thing your name isn't Mike The j was for Jason, but at any rate I said here and it was the one line for are you going to tell like I something or what? I don't want to get pushed you to guideline five from Seattle because it's on his dime. I think Here's a mobile and baby. Hello Mobile and baby Okay, and I's talking to you too asshole. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Listen. I'm a native born heterosexual Gringo And can I step up on the soapbox for minute with you go ahead? Hey, and here's why I worked at that super a concourse And I've been reading all the follow-up letters to why that airport expansion project never going to happen It's never going to finish with the budget that they've allocated ever. You could take that number triple it probably Every time we had a problem at that concourse the county people would come in there and throw a bag of money at it and just say get it done Every time there was a problem or there was a budget constraint or a budget question money would be there It would be there and three times what it would figure it would be and that's what it ended up costing That that end of itself is a problem but the reason I say to town sucks I grew up here when this town When Miami had was a self-respecting town when the people that lived in it enjoyed living in it now everything about it is corrupt and dark and and tainted and poisonous I'm telling that I don't know It's not a bad place. I really wish you had an audience in a town that could appreciate what you do besides these hateful But one thing and we're like at least they're consistent. I don't take it personally because it's just like Dan Moreno The guys been here for 17 years and yes, so he's injured now. He's had a couple of bad games, whatever But no matter what he did for this team and for the so-called fans here They're appreciated. They don't appreciate anybody who tried to do something good here But what they do is they suck up to the assholes like Mayor Pinga and all these other jackasses and they just keep putting the same losers in over and over again You know, it's the real thing the real bottom line for me and for most of my friends or we're in our late 30s early 40s that really piss us off As we'd watched this town the people who come over here and absolutely refuse to acclimate themselves to the customs and society that we live in and it's completely changed That's the real correct That's right and that sucks and and with that I'm gonna wish you a great day I've got bigger and better things to do I'm going back to Brown County where the last friend I'll leave him my any please bring his life Okay, oh Yeah, they're pissed off at you people in Dave County You know something your airport is corrupt your mayor is corrupt and you people sit out there already Do it was go You don't get the crap about anything. What do you expect us to say? Oh boy. It's a paradise, huh But see these people don't go anywhere. They really don't that's why that's why we get eight million calls a year Oh, you need on board of Vegas for the first time can you recommend me a 711 that's pretty nice out there. Can you they don't go anywhere They don't know from the airport what's going on out there and the only time we ever get calls about my international airport. It's the same thing Oh, I don't ever go near there because nobody speaks English. First of all, that's a bunch of bull crap Secondly, how can you go get anywhere without going there where you're going to go for a lottery For a lottery or a port is for you know, go I am It's for going in old Jews who are going to New York on the you know on the emergency ambulance run the geriatric run Oh seriously when you see a plane coming in from New York at Fort Lauderdale airport and the porters right away have like 16 wheelchairs They're taking the ramp you want to know why because it's the geriatric or a medics light The death flight 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T. I'm going to tell you something I do it for the money Just to go back to the guy well if you hate so much about this I do it for the money. I sure don't do it for this tremendously responsive audience Because just like this guy says and a guy called him before and see atle they don't appreciate what you do for Just like the thing with a one-cent sales tax. I could have just avoided that. I don't need to sit here and put my guts out day after day I consider and play a bunch of funny crap all the time that's in that's it Don't have to work my brains out and have a nervous breakdown try to raise money for good charity try to do something positive in the community where you've taken money out for 23 years. You got to give something back But these are the most grudging the most unyielding the most unmoving it doesn't make any difference whether it's politics Whether it's radio whether it's sports go to a goddamn ball game a hockey game. Yeah, it's the same thing You can't move them with a goddamn crowbar. They're immovable man and attractible Here's Pembroke pine. Hello. Hey, you know in the on the on the case here. You know, I know you don't like talk sports there. I don't know. You know this peer work situation It's a hot-to-house. Yes What an idiot this president the university. I went to Florida State and this guy really is an idiot this president. Have you ever seen him? No, he wears a stinkin bow tie. You know, and you know who you hired when he was he always a former lawyer in the whole thing and everything. Yeah He hired Janet Reno when she was coming out of college And I was like Exactly, and I you know what the one good thing is though. You know she wasn't on her knees given him a oral pleasure Right because she was disgusting, but you know, you know when you're talking about these people don't appreciate you down here Exactly, you know what they don't is because when they go away they actually realize you know You're the best thing that is around because you know wherever they go. I mean to date These people aren't ready or idiots, you know Okay, and I know yes, I have a request by chance. Okay. The hangover song is possible either one or two hangover song. Yeah, the one with really is Uh, what the wife? Okay. That one you got it. Love you. Yeah, he doesn't mean my wife left town and hangover Do it Oh Did we got that? Oh, yeah, we got it 560 560 pound 560 on the year and believe me. I know it's not gonna change I'm not gonna change this town. I'm not gonna change the people. They're not all of a sudden Gonna be and this bull crap all their solar free you. They're so intimidated by you Like the sales people in here. You want to know why most of our sales people are intimidated by me because most of my Are incompetent if they could come in here like a bench and talk you know mono mono mono whatever it had means Hand the Rectom or whatever that is But they can't do it Because some of Marsha went up all over their heads all the way to the right. So I like I said Intimidating my ass if you have an opinion and you have any any feeling that it merits anything You know you say it You verbalize it Have we had a woman caller here today? No, I don't think so was there one? I don't think so I just keep bringing that up. I know we have no women audience It's amazing to me though that when I go to the hockey games men women teenagers little kids They're all paying all of a hand me or love your show. They wouldn't call no matter what it was Unless we had free tickets which you'll never get another giveaway on this show as long as I'm here in the seat ever ever George wants to give crap away when he's here. That's his prorogative. That's up to you beer to the green goes beer to the green goes that's fine They all the beer you were But not this kid It's bad radio us not his bad radio is oh gee I got the 10 horse here comes the night on the outside That's the worst radio in the history of broadcasting The all-time worst Eddie K UGA member in waiting Nobody cares if you got the nine horse if you got the 10 over the seven eight nine Well, what do we don't care? Nobody cares. It's boring Terminator you want to go to the track great. I just don't want to hear it. Oh My god wow Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello Well, yes sir. I do how you doing great. Oh well I'm doing okay. Okay. I'm going back today I Not all the I Estrodes if you've seen this article or heard about this article in today's Fort Lauderdale or whatever they call it That's the search prayer for world-kind is I didn't see that something called about that What pages that on it's 14 I can factor it to like the page 14 a It you got the face I got in my hand right now on the paper to it's on 14 I'm sorry you're a little of this yes, okay? This is oh those matches are praying for everybody two weeks ago was it Jews not their praying for the Hindu and the Muslims like two oh I got it that two sir about this rich prayer for the world-kind Do's pre-festive and you know they did it with the Jews that uh right at UM Kipperroach is the most solemn Jewish holiday and now they're doing it just so When the Hindus are gonna have to be holiday. What are these people thinking how to how to win friends in the pubic relations And a Christmas when I've where they can do before Christmas I wonder probably do some of the Catholics in the virgin Mary Well, they got it on the raft. Yeah, anyway I just would like to say to all these people and any kind of religion or group or whatever if you're Religion or group or anybody taught it teaches the priesters and powers against any other group Get out the group. It's not really worth that to it if they preach intolerance We hate you like poison. I have a great day pal. You too sound pray for it. Thank you, sir. All right I'm gonna become a Baptist and pray for everybody Then I can be in heaven all by myself Yeah, you back there. They're gonna be lonely up there. I'll tell you that Gotta have a bunch of Jews and uh, horny Catholics uh up there with you Otherwise it's no fun. Especially the horny Catholics God are they horny Almost as horny as the Chinese 26 past noon at five 60 W QA I'm gonna do like four news cats an hour the rejoins with these little mini promos and playing half of a god in quarter of football They're too long so like I said we went up doing four news cats an hour and that's why people like this Dice lady don't want to hang on but I'll put her on right away before I play the bit hello. I Yes, man I have a female I listen to you We just want to let you know It'll only be some thing on the radio That's correct But the only time I can not I'll listen to you as in a car which um in now Yeah, but I agree with you with these morons. I was in the 7-11 the other day and The girls Let me act the manager. I said it's the word is asked a.f.k Wow, she says No, I have an accent. Dead. Why I said was I'm trying. Nobody said other of she was a hooliet Yes, but when I said I'm just trying to help you she's like Sorry, sorry. Yeah, anyway. I love you. Okay. Thanks. We're all okay. Sally for waiting Okay, there you go like I said my wife I Yeah, how come he doesn't do anything on the end of that one all the other one he'll you that's out of your Shorai or something he hung it up at that point. Oh remember he's just playing the phone didn't right 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Baptist urge prayer for worlds Hindus Pre-ficycle publication outrageous religious leaders The southern Baptist convention and I guess they're trying to be the most intolerant of them all and I think they're doing pretty good job of it The nation's largest Protestant in Ammonation is urging its members to pray for the millions of Hindus Austin a hopeless darkness of Hinduism. Oh, that's a lovely way to put it isn't About 30,000 booklets to be issued on Monday and time for a devali the major Hindu festival of lights Just like they didn't before young kipper the same thing they waited until your biggest Religious holiday and then they're gonna stick you with all this propaganda and try to convert you just so it can be as offensive as possible It calls for the conversion of those who worship gods which are not God Our God is the right God your God sucks our God's right God your God sucks But their religions older than Christianity by thousands of years Yeah, I'm sorry in my mother's older than I am does that make her right? No, it just mean old Crabby False finding The book that says that Hindus have no concept of sin or personal responsibility The denomination previously published book that's soliciting prayers from Muslims and Jews Offering offending leaders of those faiths offending pissing them off Swimming about the mouth The language in this publication is harsh here says there was more than books editor There was a clearer definition that Hindus are lost he said we are all lost without Jesus Christ Diwali is a major festival dedicated to locks me goddess of prosperity and goodness and the prostitution whatever Uma max so car President of the Hindu Temple of Flushing in New York chief the president of the flushing temple And secretary Precior the council of Hindu temples said the timing of the publication is insulting Miss over car whatever the hell her name is What is it? Pirmisu said the thinking contained in the god is not only absurd, but also ignorant I don't think Jesus himself would have said not to respect other religions Hari Sharma no came to Hari Krishna present of the Hindu Temple of greater Chicago said whoever publishes such a book Does a disservice to the society people should understand one of those religions not go back in history when we're attacking one another A guide to praying for Buddhist is also planned that it a how to pray for him I guess you got to shave your head for you shave their heads Before you slice him at the neck is that how the good Christians do it? Oh yeah, give him a bath shade their head in the Give me old chop all by the way one of the great t-shirts I ever saw in my life and at last the game in New York Or maybe it was the game in Atlanta, I don't know But it was a mess fan kid about 15 years old had a t-shirt on Little message for the brave fans. It said chop this and it had an arrow pointing down to his crotch nice gone pal. I love it And then it was a kid the other night at the hockey game. Well, and he was obviously a FSU kid Had a t-shirt on it's as I guess we'll Rogers never met Steve Spurrier and I thought Good point 560 5050 5060 on the 18 T wireless line. That's our pull question today. Who's the biggest Yahoo? What's Davis Steve Spurrier or Bobby Bowen? Let's put in Terry Bowen in there too. Okay. He's got a few problems there. Let's put his name in the old hopper too Who's the biggest Yahoo? Here's the mobile in for Lauderdale. Huh? Deal. Yes sir. What's up? I saw the funniest comedy bed on channel 7 the other day. Yeah. It was these trailer trash guys over in Davy blaming the mayor for the water's rain And they were saying that it was the mayor's fault that there was so much rain around and they should bring in truck and pump it somewhere You know did you catch that? No, I did not. Oh, it was it was hilarious. It was you know a channel 7 that were very serious the reporters were like well What do you think should be done and they were they were saying you know Harry Harry's yeah He was a blame for all the the rain. It was a you know all his fault Let me let me ask you favor. Can I call somebody to do speck no 560 5050 5050 we finished doing that a long time ago sir. We don't call people to do speck We don't give stuff away. We're moving on on we're to the port okay. We're trying to you know Graduated it's only been 23 years. We're trying to move on to the next level first grade. Okay. We finally got out of kindergarten Now we're moving on to the first grade. Do you think we can do it? No Wow if I got I got a neck I got a stiff neck from this show today. I'll tell you that right now from these people What the hell about waste my time when that stuff about the airport? I guess because I go there a lot these people won't care Oh, we don't go anywhere in your there No, because you don't go anywhere you don't get out of here Maybe if you get on a plane and go somewhere like to a real civilized place you come back here You say you know something he'll go to point Maybe you might say that God if we're so marching in the basket I I I think there are lots of things that are brought to life. Come on, David, you swine. And I can wick it out of this spot. Come on, David, you see a spot. Make your tea a better of what I got. Come on, David, you see a spot. What's going on? What's going on? 143 at 5.50 WQA. By the way, the red joins are too long. In case our PD and between Wipe and the tears from his eyes, the red joins are too God damn long. That's part of the problem here. The format. You can't complain about the formatics on this station because they're not Existent. Just unbelievable. It's just, you know, it's like an invitation. Well, you know, if you think you might call us someday, don't plan on holding on because we'll do everything we can to get our part of the school as you're from hanging on. Here's Miami. Hello. Thank you. How have you been going? Okay, sir. Neil, um, one of the tips and some points, I heard you before seeing that, uh, I'd be cannon or Patrick Buchanan was, was joining the reform party. Yes. That's true. Well, it's been on the news. It's not a secret. I didn't just make it up. Oh, man. Yeah. I guess a radical. He's a one? A radical. A Nazi. Yeah. And, you know, we were supposed to be the centros party. We. Yeah. I remember those were the reform party. Yeah. And then how come I just even toured and talking about Donald Trump? What does he stand for? Oh, I guess not going to run. That's a comedy show. Uh-huh. Well, when you're going to come up with a serious candidate. Well, we had the one from Minnesota. He's doing pretty good. Just even toured. He's not running. But he ran for governor. He's not running for president. Oh, well. I mean, which we. It's it's hard enough first to find good candidates. You know, it's a political party that just started. And, you know, it's not to make good candidates in any party. Look at the Republicans and Democrats. Let me ask you something else. Uh-huh. Why? Why don't they have to put these shows of these golf shows at seven in the morning and look at that? Because anybody that would be stupid enough to listen to McGolf show deserves to get up at seven in the morning. Have a great day, sir. And good luck to us with you in there. Was that a great reform party call or what? That was the definitive call. Okay. We got 20 or 30 open lines here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's court waterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Um, if you think that the comment about how I'm going to act, you will question this. Yes. How about on all three television network. For the past week or so. Yes. Yes. I'm talking about the lady who loves her two twin boys. Yes. On every state and that's what they're saying. Two twins. Now the next thing is this. The most absurd thing I've ever heard about from people talking about the whole Jesus saying is that, Well, I don't really know if it's our two, but you might just kind of keep play it both ways. Yeah. Just in case. That's the most affinizing I've heard. Okay. Yes. Anybody who would admit that in public deserves to be put out of the misery. Not only that, Neil, if it turns out that it's anything to the old God thing, then he knows that they are bullshit. That's right. Three later. Okay. He can smell it. He can smell a polycraft from 50 million miles away. I mean, anybody can hear the prayers is 600 million, six billion people all at the same time. He sure can smell it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I have to admit a few days ago I was in publics one evening and I couldn't help it. You know, I've had this mind little cold head cold and I was, oh. And I was standing in line, but there was only there was a woman with her daughter and she had like a whole bunch of coupons. Whole bunch of coupons. And at first I started like backing away because even though I cut it out in the aisle, but it was one of those that follows you, you know. It's, yeah, it follows you. You think that you're going to leave it behind and all thank God there's nobody in that part of the story. And then I can know it's me, but it's followed me right into the cashier line there in the checkout. Because I could, I thought, oh, even I don't like it. You know, it's really bad. But then I saw this old, this bitch, as you went in that old, but she had a whole bunch of these goddamn coupons. So I just mows you right on up there instead there. And she was so busy making sure the checkout girl got every damn coupon. She didn't even notice I don't think. Can't stand. I realize there ought to be separate lines for women with coupons. Go, I realize you got, you know, you're buying for a family of 25. And you don't make the big bucks like I do. Great. I don't, I don't, I don't be grudged you. Get in your two cents discount on this and you're paying discount on whatever. Just find a separate line, okay. Just get the people through there who have real money. Why is it that the people would, you mentioned the seal today about the Express checkout? Why is it that people with real cash want to pay real money? No checks, no credit cards, no coupons. Just in and out, we have to always be just a second win. Here's Davey, hello. This is what I always do. I just always keep walking and farting and doesn't matter with them. How's it going Neil? Okay. The long time obviously was lingering. It was like a cloud right around my body. Uh, people don't mind with me. You know what I mean? Yeah. First time color, long time listener. I just wanted to say everyone, you know, really appreciate you being on the radio. There's just little Julio's out there that I quite get you sometimes. But I go to college and there's a lot of classes that Brady has been brought up. Everyone's somehow recklessly knows you are on the air. Oh, he's Neil. Got it. Right. Oh, I know that everybody in this town was in this show. Every single one of them. Oh, they know. Everyone's on the way. Especially the only way of you. The young Julio's are obsessed. They have a real roll-up doll that they sleep for the night. Second is a hockey ball. I've got a four skin. Yes. I was looking at the initial standing. What is this RT in the standings? Regulation tie. I'm sorry. Regulation tie. I'll let you in. How do I know if you tie in regulation, you get a point. So that in other words, if you lost a game, it won't show it as a tie. But it will. You follow what I'm saying. Oh, yeah. It'll show it as a loss. But it also shows a point for the regulation tie. Well, I heard you want to do that. And I'm not going to go ahead and follow the papers because you know how the RT gives you. How do you put a team with 10 points in second place? And a team that's got 11 points in third place. How do you give Ray Whitney 2 points for where we go on the point for every year? So they are clueless, man. It's getting worse by the. It's the seventh year. We got a hockey team here. And the media and the public they have no less than they did the first year. Didn't get that. Oh, no. I was going to let him do it on the air. He's asking my permission. We don't do douchebags. Let me say it again. No more god damn douchebags. God. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Man is that frost my ass. It's it's like the thing with that cap on out there at the racetrack. It's the same thing. Nobody cares about your friend Steve or whatever his name is. And nobody cares about whether Ed Bed on the 9 horse, the 10 horse, the 11 horse, the 18 horse. Nobody cares. It's boring. It's terminal. It's the worst excuse for crap. I ever heard in my life. Oh god. I think I'm going to take a microphone with me when I go to the pub. And we'll do a show from there. And fat rich. Oh god damn it. Bruce, you hear him again. I mean, come on. I can't wait till Monday. You know what? I can't wait till Monday because if you think defa was paranoid now. Yeah. Remember the last trend they lost like 50% of the audience in the morning there when at 25.54. I'm a 3, 2, 2, 2.1. Remember that? That sounds like almost half. What's going to happen when the whole summer book comes out? What if there's like we all have another bad month in the last month of the summer book? You know what I'm saying? Wow. You'll really start eating. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, doing the. Okay sir. Who you own Miami first time call her also? All right. You know, I'm usually not a child's can person, but I heard this woman are a little calm person. Well, you know, a four-skin person. Well, I am a fourth can person. That's a mother. There you go. Sixkin. Right. Yeah. This woman called earlier criticized him a who would yet who worked in the 711. Right. Well, first of all, this lady's working in the store where she would never consider working, making minimum wage and then we should try to learn the language. I mean, it should she make up that, you know, the easier target, you know, there's other people out there. Well, I don't know who had a bit of a spark that was working in the store saying, actually, of course, do. Would that have been better? Well, those are the ones that are saying that more and more. So I mean, I don't see what their thing is. At least this woman is trying to make a living. How do you know that? Making minimum wage. Yeah. So under the way she can't speak proper English because he's working for a cheap. Well, she came from America. That's your for gas. Maybe if she could learn to speak the language, right? She might be working in like 811. Right. Anyway, maybe McDonald's are paying 10 bucks an hour. That's not too bad. Well, she would never work there. And that was, well, that's my only point. How do you know that? Why not? Because she's a arrogant woman. Oh, you know, we're talking about the caller, right? Yeah, I'm talking about the caller. Well, what she doing in 711 anyway. Well, there you go. She ought to be in public. I love it. I'm sorry she was buying a lot of tickets over there. Okay. I was the king of the business. Love you, Neil. See ya. I'm going to put on my line. It's the business. And the equals. The reason I'm going to sell that stuff. You're all the three. You're on there. No one has paid me. Count down with kick-offs. Ah. The game starts in one. On your adult students. More radio 560 QA. So, 1-2 hours. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rainbow Point 5. Oh, you. John Rambo still alive. I want to make movies for him 5. I like to go with great plan to Hollywood's boat. I'm fortunate to leave. I speak like I had a stroke. First board came in 82. That's why I heard my penis in and never ever grew. Rambo 2 was in 85. Rambo 3 was in 88. Sure. That's correct. My gun. I did not make this movie with my son. It's been said, she was in Rocky Flag and daylight in total movie. A little bit of cashies that I need. I got to get a loan from the pilot career. I got to have a loan of a movie. Or probably so like in a dream. I get no money and I go to the spot top of him. It was still good to say. I guess I understand. My whole life is like a dream. All I got left is your boss, my rim. Let me get down on the... I need to make Rambo 4 in 5. I got out. So call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue. Keep it zip. Delight comedy. Action. Adventure. Drama. The only thing I will love doing is I have sex with a lot of my kids. So give me a break. For goodness sake. I used to be an opera. Now I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one-man show in boycupsing. Basically I'm an unemployed chick. I was a bit of cashies. What I mean. I got to get a loan from the pilot career. I have a loan with no reason. Or Broadway show like better. I get so much of a stock top plan. It was stupid. So I understand. My whole life's about to came in. All I got left is Jennifer Klineman. And that's why I'm leading to gentlemen. I need to make Rambo 4 in 5. But I'm all here. Absolutely. One or three at five sixty WQA. I'm serious. The fact is that there's a lot of women listening to you. But most of us are working on either the call. I listen to my headphone. Every day although I get static with all the computers in my office. That's what happens when you're on a crappy A.M. Station like this one. Crapie. I'm off. Signal. Are you feeling to hear from my way back when I was living in Jamaica? How do you like that? I'm off. We can get WQA in G and I used to be before Bill Carter that is absolutely correct. Came to the US in 1987 to found you on an FM station. It must have been Z. Right? Reason I know cause I have to hold on too long to speak with you. How do you like that? There's a nice, you make cool lady there. We listen to every day on her headset to work. But she do not be calling. She has to wait too long. And I don't blame her. Especially because long rejoins. Just keep dragging it out. Drag it out. Make the form in a phrase which are too long in the first place. Make it into five in a phrase. Come on, Bluff. You're going to reduce me to tears pretty soon. Let's play about a half a quarter of football on the goddamn Rejoins. You maniac. You lunatic. You crazy person. You. Thank you. Power play. Here's a mobile in dear field. Hello. Mobile in dear field. Hello. Yes sir. Hi. Hi. The elevator. You talk a lot about refining cargo high grades. Yes. If you weren't, if you weren't overweight and diabetic, would you not still not eat them? How do I know? I'd like to have the opportunity to find out. Oh, it. That's probably true. You know what? Right. What I mean, when I, you know, when I go to court, That's like saying, if I could eat everything that I wanted to, that I liked and I wouldn't be fatter diabetic. What I do it, of course. But if you can't do it. Now you got me going through the stores, looking on all that back at a label, to say, you know, what exactly is in there? I found this pasta that says it's got nothing in it. No carbohydrates. It says, it's a, why is this company's name to balls? And it says, it's not like the spin ispost naming. Yeah, an artichoke. And what if like that? How many carbohydrates does it got? It's got like 0.001. Carmed it? Yeah. Are you cereal? That's what it says on the back of the box. I'm going to get some this weekend. I've had that stuff before. It's great. I'm going to go to the balls, pasta. I got all the money out of an artichoke flavor there, but I'm thinking, crap, that's, I love that. It's great stuff. That's great stuff. I appreciate you telling me. I'm going to go. I'm going to go to this weekend. Thanks, Bill. Thanks. How do you like that? I love that stuff. How is that possible? How can you make pasta with no carbs? Cool. That's the bull, because I've tried some of that. Other are so cold or carbless. You know what I'm going to remember? Yeah. From, oh, wow. Ooh, man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. That would make me a sir. You may have just saved my life. That would send me to heaven. Because I'll tell you, you know, the sauce that Alan from the light sent us. Delicious. It's got like chunks of eggplant and oregano. All kinds of great stuff. And like a half of a half a couple is only got four grams of carbs. So that sounds like I can go back to my pasta. I've edited the balls. Check those labels, baby. Nice going. So you can tag me, sir. You're welcome. Here's my any. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, I call me. How are you? Okay. I'm doing it. I'm calling to things. I've been listening to you from since 1982 when I got here to Miami from Uruguay. Oh, wow. Yeah. And then you're incredible. Yes, I do. You're the voice of Chris. I'm the voice of this community, sir. I'm from Kencomra. And I don't want to take responsibility for it. That's so true. Listen, I call you because I saw this article on last Sunday's health. It's a good review. And the name of the book is Hitler's Pope. Right. You saw that? Yes, I have Pius XII. Yes, sir. Never met an Nazi he didn't like. Oh, my God. I'm going to get that book. I don't have the book yet, but I got it. A lot of people have sent me that and I saw it in the paper. Uh-huh. Yes. It's incredible. How do you like that? Yep. Never trust a man in a dress, believe me. But you know that you're from Uruguay. Yes. They also call it Uruguay. Uruguay, right. Okay. I'll call him. Okay. I'll take him away. Bye bye. Ciao. 560560D. Boles pasta. Can that man be right? Is it possible? Because it's certainly not like 0.00. What have we said? He better take a puke at that again. Okay. The carbs. But if that's true, I'm going to go home. I'm going to have a gigantic. I'm going to fill the bathtub. I'm going to put just put boiling water in the bathtub. And just put about 2030 containers of that in there. I love that stuff. 560560. On the 18th, he wireless one. Even the staffer won't hurt 2A. It's Friday. You best dude. Our red beard year with me, Wenge Firecropch. Back when I was sailing the high seas, a certain thing was taken for granted. That was once you captured yourself a wenge and tried to hurty quarters. The moment you stripped your bare and threw her on your bed, feeling the most perky of breast would sag to the lured. But recently I got myself a wenge who said she had suitories on her breast to this and this wenge was like none of her seen before. Even once I threw her down her breast first, you'll hurty enough to almost take my good eye out. It was an amazing thing. So after 400 years and see it seems that there's always something worth adopting for. This is red beard with me, Wenge Firecropch. Same till the next time. Safe voyages. 13. At 560, tight lines in good fishing do you too sir? Don't forget if you work at 7-11 do not be axe in the custom. There's no stupid questions. Why is it that if you work at 7-11 you have to be a little bit. Is there any law that you have to be? I don't think so. Some very nice people work at 7-11. In fact, some of the nicest people in the world working can be in stores. I don't think I've ever met anybody in the convenience store who worked there who was like an asshole. I mean, maybe they work road scholars. They work rocket sizes. If you ever met like scumbags, who working can be a scumbags, shopping in there. Trailer trash. And to nomatize. But the people working behind the counter, they always seem very nice. Here's a mobile in the curl springs, hello. Neil, yes sir. Thanks for remembering me from the express line call a couple days ago. And by the way, they're not called coupons. They're called coupons. I can say that because I'm Jewish. Oh, I can't tell you if they put up the sign that two punts will have nobody would use them. Yeah, well if I wouldn't know that, I would have started again. And there's one thing that is definitely worse than sports-torbidium. With a natural torque radio. Right. If anybody stand listening to who cares if you're interested to just put on the CNBC and get the market right? Don't even put on CNBC. When I had the seven months off that I got paid in the very short time that I was here in town, thank God most of the time I was away. But when I was here during the daytime, I would be watching that CNBC. And it makes you want to put a gun to your head. It makes you crazy. And they can just imagine listening to that old day or working it. It's unbelievable. I know what FTO is doing. It's horrible. FTO is doing financial talk. FTO. FTO. Yeah. That's a big deal. Oh, my God. That's why that's like doing bowling on radio. Unbelievable. I mean, I had a tornado full-time charge. How do they read the tickets? They read them one after another. They just have independent brokers. The down on three shifts. And then as that's up 34 and a half and a standard in fours up 17. That's why you need to know it's another update today. Let's hear it. Oh, the juicy last weekend, Sun Sentinel, the magazine, sexual dysautical, the ten-year-old kid who's in college now. No. You ever hear a Greg Smith? No. This kid, if you want an idea of what he's into, what he was. One, he was reciting the alphabet at five. He did a science project on photo synthesis. And 60 was diagramming molecules. And at 70, what's through high school in eight weeks? These are the kinds of things. You think he actually has anybody a question? He's feeling your own pride, actually. I think they're a friend of mine who saw him on Oprah with a bunch of other prodigies. But there's a difference between being a child prodigy musician, let's say. But you have a guy that's going to just go play as craft and somebody like this. This kid wants to be an astrophysicist. The biomedical engineer, president, and the United States. These are the kids who grow up to be serial killer as an asthma to his amaniacs. There. Yeah. Well, well, what's going to happen when he's 20 years old and you're going to know that? Well, makes you say that. Well, it's going to finally dawn on him that the world is screwed up. And there's nothing he can do unless he... I thought that the kids have worked. That turned out to be a serial killer as an anniacs, et cetera. I don't know why. I don't know why. I'm actually talking about a free hand. I'm just talking about brain power. Ted Bundy. Yeah. And the mostly intelligent people, John Wayne Gacy, mostly intelligent. John Wayne Gacy was a bright guy. Casey Gacy was an artist. He was not when he was an artist. He was Sandy Claus. And I thought he was a painter. He was like Hitler. He was like a handyman. Well, just pretty handy under that support job. Turned it that. And he was showing a little bit to see, which is obviously I would rather have a very bright kid. Yeah. Kid who actually requested. Okay. I'll see you in the next question. Get out of here. 560505060 on the AT&T Wireless line. Let me ask you a question. Okay. You can speak English. I'm telling you. I don't care if you just got off of banana boat. If you're a spartzer. If you're some kind of illegal alien. I don't care who you are. You can speak it. Don't listen to your ear. You don't listen to your ear. What? Even if you're from New York. Even if you're from New York. You can be speaking them. Okay. Just listen to the nanny. Not. And let me test. Speak it to the nanny. Yeah. It's not a word. You can't speak it to the nanny. Yeah. To a clock. Where's he been lately? You want to try and he's doing 6 to 7 the night. Because I know this kid Maldon never comes out of 2 to 2 the sports. He had line before hand comes out. He never goes mad. To a clock. Maybe he'll do it today. Come on. Can you do it? Yeah. To a clock. Just one time. Only for on the show. 560505060. Pound 560. No comments. By the way, about that great record I played. They're two afraid they're going to rip it. Oh, that's the work. Every time I play something that I love. I'm obsessed with. And I really wouldn't care what you said anyway. Because I saw the video on the only person in America who even knows from that song. What it's all about. What the video was. I'm in love with that song. It's sensational. Especially when you see the video. But every time I got something that I liked. Oh, and I really sucks. Neil, that was the worst piece of crap we ever. Okay. Your taste blows too. Yamama. Every single time. Here's the Carroll City. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you done? I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. Yes, sir. What's the spot? A sparture? Yeah. What's the black man? Is that an addiction? How big of a part? Is it an addiction? It's in the Unishdictionary, yes. Oh, no. No, because I've been hearing you. Like Graham is in the Unishdictionary. So could it be anybody up color? That's the sterling. The worst part in German and Unishdictionary means black. Okay. Then second. Sparture means Jewish woman. I mean black. I black Jewish woman. All right. Like Rutha Kitt. How you getting confused? Wait a minute. Okay. For you. That's a Jewish woman. All right. Okay. And another comment is that a while ago, yes, some call of call in the middle. Well, is the I see the government improved nothing against burping. He's a lot. He realized that burp was because his ass was convicted on a own a bribe. George. Do you remember that caller? Yeah, I know what he was talking about. I know that. But that's what he was talking about. I was talking about the government. I saw the tape of Howard Dury where he said, I want to see a little free train. Right. And this guy going to all, you know, he never did. They didn't prove what the hell they did. Right. They brought his ass. They thought it was a pants down. Yes, they did. Right. I did not best to come to this idiot. Talk about that improved. Yeah, he got a lot. He got his O.J. Blow up. He had you know, probably squealing the right. He's in the doll too. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. See. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Wireless line. We got room for you here today. There's room at the end. The woman there busy. They got their headsets on. They're swinging and saying, swaying with Sandy K. With nothing to say. And you know, it's not didn't call us yesterday. But she gained all the weight back. No, and I'm serious. I'm not sure she did. No, that's the only reason I can think that. Because you know, she's listening. Positive. But she's too embarrassed to speak to me. And obviously she must have gained the weight back or a lot of it anyway. Because if she kept the weight off, she could be a great, you know, inspiration to millions of people out there. They're not slanting, ladies. I mean, there's other things you'd like to talk about. He said the cubs and stupid goddamn not slanting, you know. I can't think of what she and I would like fat. That's the only other thing we ever had to talk about was fat. And her red headed husband. Maybe that's her now. Is that her? No. See now I feel bad. It's been a pretty dang good week. After after several weeks of psychosis here, after several weeks of nervous breakdown here at this place, we got ourselves a new monitor here. Oh, thanks. Thank you, Greg. It's a monitor, Greg. It's a monitor. Who? Can read where the goddamn calls are coming from without the gun. Mama, mama, mama, mama, mama, mama, tell them our fellow scope. I can't even say it. I'm so tongue-tyed. Just getting the piece of equipment in there. It's not a great piece, believe me. And that great piece. Hopefully most of you will have a better piece over the weekend on this thing. But at least it works. Here's my email. Hi, how are you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I'm a long time listener of your show. Yes, sir. I'm an excretion, Neil. And I bought your book that was made of recommended fellow to gun. Right. It was an eye opener. It's a fly opener, right. Yeah. I have a quick story about my church, my ex church. When I was dating, when I was a young man, when I was dating, they had a research team trying to find out if I was in fornication. And it turns out to lead that two months later, the pastor, they caught him in a dog tree. So, caught him in a wild dog tree. Dog tree? Dog tree? No, in a dog tree. Yeah. Who knew you did a dog tree? We were going to dog in a tree. Yeah. You were trying to get them in. Well, he was too busy trying to find out if I was getting something. Yeah. There you go. And then they all, as soon as they stick their nose in your crotch, that's the time to run like hell. Believe me, pal. Have you ever heard about a book called The Age of Reasons? Yes. By Thomas Paying Course. Interesting book. Yeah. He'll tell you it's all a bunch of book. Okay, pal. All right. Okay. Okay. Let's pray for all these heathens out there who we're going to see burning in hell. And I'd like a fire. God, Almighty, what's wrong with you going on here and telling the truth like this? How can we control the minds of the week and the desperate? When you are out there killing the given these people the truth, that's all a bunch of craft that even a simple, ten-foot-in-wouldn't believe this garbage. That's why the show needs to be on 50,000 stations. That on some horseball little A, I'm stationed in Miami, that they're running around here going The new, the new, the new, the new, the new. What time's the ball game on? Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Got the 10 horse on the outside. There, there, there, there. Three, a really is a miracle, you know. This is a miracle. This show on this radio station, the last two years. This has been a miracle. Make no mistake about it. Here's Naples, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I call to make sure that your management over there doesn't think that you're the only one that's got a problem with the, you know, the Skank Goldberg Eddie Craplin, Barfow Show there, from the track. That sucks. So, Ben, it's still a real easy. You know, I love Hank. I mean, don't give me wrong. I'm not looking to start a thing with Hank, because he's not getting along great. I love his show. But I'm going to tell you, when they start doing this gambling stuff, it's terminal. But obviously, the call to his, you know, a pan of good buck to have them out there and promote the track on Thursdays and Fridays. And if this is going to go on every Thursday and Friday, when a when a fall book comes out, some people on a station are going to be getting a magnifying glass to look for their numbers. Yeah, exactly. When they come on, I turn it off. Yeah. I can't handle that crap. I don't turn it off till I hear Eddie who's, you know, he's a detriment to any of anybody's ratings. As soon as he starts doing his insight, well, I need to nine here. I need to know, if he cares, I mean, let's have professionals, GA people tune in. A lot of the clock at night when a resident of Serenbet, already, okay? Yeah, not in the middle of the daytime. But again, it goes back to our management here. They're like, uh, Sybilden's. Well, that's what I'm saying. Let's know, man. You're not the only one. Well, you thank you, sir. God bless you. One more thing. I got the eight horse by the way. Here he comes. How much you got on him? 100 to win. Go ahead. I'm sorry. God, I'm in the pit three. I will hear what I'm saying. I'm not going to sign. Oh, he's puke and has got some sir. I was wondering if you, you would ever consider it. I'm over to, uh, thank you. The naples side here, like, in doing a remote for a week or so. No, maybe five minutes. I think you two, I mean, go to Naples. Italy, I'll tell you that. I know. I don't know those gibson slippers over there. Have a great life, pal. Thank you. You were doing real good, too. I'll see you. 5, 6, 705, 50. There's a guy who says you don't want to hear about the nine horse on the inside and the 10 on the outside. I had 50 to win and 100 across in the exact end of triple in the betery and a keen one I got the 11 on top nobody cares You a crazy person you Eddie That would be like an alcohol coming on here and like I got some gym beam over it. I got a bottle of grandma Don't mix those. Oh, well, why not make for a hell of a show 560 560 on 560 on the AT&T world See just one things are going good. They come along here and they start you know sticking to two these people Here's a mobile in Miramar hello Mobile in Miramar It sure looks like I got the button press the red light is on and it sounds like crap Let's try a Davy hello Davy hey, how you doing? Me, okay, sir. I just want to let you know I'd rather listen to Goldie morning and sexual rapture than I would Eddie Caplin Paul can sports. Yeah talking gambling. I don't mind I'm talking sports, but talking gambling Oh And where you get some people out of these damn pants against? I'm I'm trying man. I'm trying me out 550 feet I just went up. I got to take it for 14 bucks right and the anything's good That's right get the pants are packing you be able to move down anyway. They're not gonna check you up there in the upper deck All right, thanks, pal. Okay, see you tonight Come on. Let's come on out there. You got nothing else going on a team is hotter in hell Bray will be playing so if it is Valerie Bray number eight on the in the Cal Reflames who cares a Bray by any other name Which malicem? Let's get with it and You know, so so the price is integral and you can't afford the season ticket, but you can buy him a game at a time Don't just wait until Everybody says it's fashionable and you know something it should be fashionable right now because they're playing great I'm trying my best, okay. I'm trying my best guys Put some asses in Ocita's very depressing going out there and seeing lots and lots thousand and empty seats 1 26 a QA Sports radio 560 QA This is G Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than new rockers My body And the Oh Okay, so Robert facts as me this thing, which I did see by the way, it was in several different publications. This Adriana Piaga, who is the, I make believe Ricky Martin, girlfriend, one of the many beers out there talking about the great night that she had and bed with the greatest. In fact, he was so glad and bed she hasn't had sex until he dumped her. Anybody believe it? Anybody buy it? No. They go to these long, arduous lengths. I'm going to tell you right now, what the, like his music and I use that word very loosely, very, very loosely or not. Ricky Martin floats like a butterfly and sings like a god damn, how did it floats like a, how would that goes? Butterfly and things like one. Is he fooling anybody except that much a silly, over out of control, hormonal girls. That's the sand part. If he could just be as much as he was saying like, you know, Nick, I shouldn't have started that again. She'll be calling in again. She'll be psychotic, a little, where the hell is that thing? What was that thing where she's like? Okay, I wasn't the clarinet half an hour of the listening to you. First of all, Nick Carter has more talent in his right code than you will ever have. And he's not a pineapple had you stupid fat bag. Yeah, he's got a little chunky too honey. Twenty seventy four two at five sixty wqm. So does that make him a fat monster? Where are we going to, um, Miami? Hello? Hello? Yes sir. How are you doing? I was in my car the other day and I heard something that you just got to know about if you don't know. There's a, a pair of red enlargement pills. Yeah. Can take now. What do you, with this paper on that? Okay, I guess, uh, I guess this won't come any busby swallowing them right now. You hear that? I think he must have got chirping from it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a pebbric pine, hello. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Okay, sir. Well, the phone's all sound real muddy all of a sudden. Hey, let's, that's how you talked about religion before I found it pretty interesting. Yeah. I was wondering if one of your Christian listeners out there could, because I'm, I don't understand it. If the world was created in six days by God, you know, and he put all the animals on and all. How do they explain away the prehistoric age being as they wrote that back then? They didn't have to come. He plot. There was no such thing. But they didn't know anything about it when the Bible was written. Therefore, they kind of got caught in the lie. You just think these phones they found yesterday. It would like 250 million years, a quarter of a billion years old. Well, did, have you ever heard one of them explain that away? And all the way? What? That's, that's, that's your home. I mean, the people that were born before Christ, though, they all in hell. Yes. Oh, okay. I just, I never could get that phrase. I was wondering if one of them could call in an end. Except the Jews, they're the chosen people, man. Yeah. And they're the chosen ones. They chose, oh, do you really pick them out special? I don't know what the big argument about is, you know, everybody knows Paul Valbrez, Messiah. Right. Jesus. It was a people. Okay. Good luck, Val. Can't plan the night, by the way. Jesus might be planned. I know, Paul, I'll show you what Jesus says. We know. Corn. 560, 705, 60, Pont 560 on the AT&T. Trevor kids doing pretty good. Jesus. We don't need no Jesus, and then Trevor's looking pretty damn good. Actually, on Berkeley, we have it a fight of his life to get his job back to shoot. That's the kind of badly light had going on. Two gold henders both play an echo. Anybody knew who either one of them is? No. No. They don't know. When did that take sparks or coming back? Then we'll come off to see those hockey games. When's the big, uh, spoke coming back? That Peter Whirl. When did he come back? Not too soon, by the way. Not too soon. That's our poll question, by the way. Who'd you rather head back for his Palm Elbore or Peter Whirl? Here's Miami, hello. There. Yes, sir. Every time you say, we can monitor, you should play that in Palm Elbore. Okay. Also. Yeah. You were, I thought he was boring on the hand, because I've been old, and I've been going to call my god. I've done it all Thursday. But he's a more boring talk driver. Yeah. It's, it's a more compelling than even more boring than when a Capon's talking about he's got the nine horse. And here comes the 10 on the outside. He's. Oh. Well, I don't think I got a G.A. Members can listen to that. I think they just go get the E.T. Oh, you know, anchors just a name dropping. Okay. Call him up until him. Love Hank. Just don't like any K-Roo in the show. You're killing the show, Eddie. Okay. You're going to have to give me a G.A.T. That's going to be a very important thing. I've never done it the whole time. You've worked in that time, like what did he, I'll get out of that date time. You're up along on a date time, please. Kill on us. 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Miami, hello. Happy Friday. Can you get in back to you? I just wanted to ask you. If you caught the Tom Green Co. last night. Mister. I asked George about it. But I forgot all about it. Farx said, hey, I'll pray for you. Sounds like a spartress stole from my material for my show. I think, much. I think we jumped around with... Go ahead, I'm sorry. Oh, good com. And then he was jumped around with Fabio and Fabio had some suspicious wectry going from his crux to a bad his knees. Back to me through Tom and the pool. Incredible. I love it. Fabio was actually a sport, really. And Fabio and Fabio were in the pool and we had to put cement blocks on it. She just showed off her tongue. So, you didn't leave the lead weights on Fabio. She was going to put him in the pool. It was beautiful. And I just want to... But they made play that like on Sunday, don't they? Yeah, they showed a couple dozen times. Yeah, I'll see you again because I missed it last. I forgot all about it. You'll catch a cut. That's the problem when you start running a lot of repeats. People will get out of the habit of tuning in as why I hate those tapes. That's good stuff. And I just wanted to put in my vote for the Yahoo, who loved the Florida football scene. Yes, sir. It's got to be good. One down for a book. All right. Love you, God. Yeah. And don't forget, we could be... Thanks. If we could have a shot, he ought to be in the running too, you know. He's kind of a Yahoo, good old boy. We got a shot. He just sends me, man. I just... I just crack up. I go into his economics when I see that spot on TV. We got a shot. I shut back for one week. We got a shot. And he just started... He starts sweating and I'm wondering if he's going to have a goddamn coronary. Just calm down. Okay, give me a just a stupid football game. Just relax. I see a hairwout of a place too, by the way. He's really getting emotional now. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, wireless line 22 before 2. We got Hank and Defol and Eddie K. At the track at 2, the second one. 5 to 6, it's the... Got a shot show with Jimmy Johnson and Hank. Six o'clock. We got Josh Dero, Clarence is on their 6 to 7. The flames in the panther is the flameers are going to be here tonight. Pre-game with Gueldi at 7, dropped at Puck 7 30 something. And I get out there to read a comment. Let's have a few people there. Turner to one. It's coming. 2 games. Got the coach. We got a shot. We got a chance. We got a chance. We got a chance. We got a chance. Today, five. Here on Sports Radio 560, 2AA. Maybe you melt my jockey shorts. In the 50s, Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best. Now, this great series is back. Starting a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best. Step into the confession of Billy. I don't know father. This makes the 47th time I've been in there this week. Oh Billy, you want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking? Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best-capped secret. And you've got a private sea for all the fun. Just enter the rectory from the rear. Alright, Billy boy. Each time for your flute lesson. But father, your flute has only one role and it doesn't make it a lie. Oh, it will, Billy. It will. Father knows best. Once you've seen this new sitcom, you'll wonder why you've never heard about it. Let me introduce you to Shane Peter. Father knows best. Going to church may not seem very entertaining. But there really is something funny going on here. Sure is 144 at 560 WQA. But by the way, somebody ought to tell the priest you can't make no babies like that. Anyway, don't forget this weekend. And as of right now as I speak, as a matter of fact, specs has got the ruling improved best in the LCDs and cassettes. And Tuesday night will be a pizza law from 6 to 8 p.m. with a cassettes and a CDs and the t-shirts. And those key chains with all the new stuff on them. Which I'd like to see when somebody by the way, how's Carol doing? Seeing Carol from center one yet today? No. I'm not going to say anything yet. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, no. All right. I should know, but you get the old howl back just before the weekend. I told you this week was going a little bit too good. Got the old howl back there online need. Sorry about that, sir. Come back on some other line. As if you have some control over that. Does you have any control? No. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. No. Okay. Sportsville straighted in the mag in the mail. And I'm pageant through a while. I'm listening to you. Yes. Page 34. I flipped the page and there is a picture of O.J. Pedro Guerrera. His girlfriend. Sam Duqueselbo. This is in Sportsville, Australia. Page 34. The October 25th issue. Oh my god. Oh my god. And it goes up. The embarrassment never stops. It's now you are new logo. Oh my god. It's now the issue. You can't see Roy, but he's got his arm around the girl. You can see his arm. Yeah. And it goes on about how O.J. Coles and the whole deal with the 911 and Pedro Guerrera with the drugs or whatever. But now it's gone national with the. Roll, roll, roll, roll. Oh my god. Thanks for the bad news. Okay. Have a good one. Yeah. It was. Wow. WQA and where the embarrassment never stops. Oh. Swire heard that paper was just chipping some balls. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Man the lion's really sucked there. They want. They sucked. They sucked. Yeah. Three quick thanks. A couple of days ago there was a caller that he asked. Why do people call you on Coney or way? Yeah. Or because it's better than on Cossain. You fall. Number two. You know, I have a call here. And he doesn't Yankees. He left. He loves the Yankees. There's no Henta. He's right. Yeah, he's our first footballer.ushing the Yankees. You know, they're still not good. They're spinning from. I've heard Steinmann as an ass said, the h helmets are thinner like the nausea. Gail RAIMBeL as the cake makes her Well, hey. You'll have a good day today. So, probably, you know, win because your three lot mentioned Bobby Cox was in a wolf pool. I saw there was something at a paper that morning about when they tried to make Bobby Cox seem like a genius. Bobby Cox is a moron. If he, you know, he could have won the fifth game. They take the lead and the top of the 15, think. And instead of bringing in one of his starters like Kevin Mobile or Glamour, somebody enclosing that game out. He leaves in his schmendwick, who's just barely hanging on any way. He might have blown a game. You know, he could have closed it out without any game six. Yeah, Neil and real quick to finish Neil. You know how those damages in sweet water and down in South rain and stuff. How come they see Major Alex? You're being out there. They're trying to survey all the damages out. You blow. You made your being out. He don't want to do that. He don't want to do that. He don't want to do that. He don't want to do that. Hey, all right. Okay. All I understand he floats anyway. That's what I hear. 560 50 50 50 pound 560 on the AT&T. Why was that? Maybe he's busy out there at the airport. What his buddies from American Airlines. Maybe he's helping him unpack a new shipment. I don't know what he's doing out there. Maybe he's giving him a hand grenade or two. Just an it's just amazing to me. These people don't care. I mean, billions of dollars. And this isn't money that's coming off a tree somewhere by the way. This is tax money. This is tax dollars coming out of the pockets of taxpayers from coast to coast to Schmere to Greece and a Schmere and all the lawyers and all the the the goddamn lobbyists getting the money. And like I said, most of it's going for the American Airlines to deal over there. Which are the worst of them all. The worst grave robbers, the most indifferent, the most callous, the people we despise and hate. I'm not talking about the pilots and a flight attendants in the AirBD Slobbs who work for American. I'm talking about their management, whether they're callous and different upnoxious attitude. And of course, the the ramp rats, woulder God dim my hero when enter cocaine and their hand grenades and stuff like that. The ramp rats. Here's Vokha. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Well, I think it is a chance to call when we'll Chamberlain thought. But you know, I'll these guys, the athletes are certain persuasions of speaking, making babies like a van or holy field, etc. 20,000 women, how many kids? I don't know. Yeah, let's see. Yeah, you did the right thing when he was doing, yeah. Take care. You and see it as philosophy was when and don't pull it out. I think that's what he said. Yeah, that's what that was his motto. 560, 50560, on it. Any van or holy moly field, he's the heaviest minister now. He's the minister into the folk. The father of our country, that's just it's just nauseating, it's disgusting. And like I said before, people who admire scumbags, what are they? They're scumbags. I rest my case. Here's a mobile informer, Lododale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. And you didn't catch Tom Green last night, huh? No, I did not. I tell you what, if you get to see the repeat the segment where he brings home a dwarf, like, siege you woman with a blonde wig into his mom and dad's house. You know, as you strengthen a breakfast, as you've passed out and he disappears for like six hours and leaves her there. It's classic. He's got to keep it. Well, I won't miss it. I'll catch it on Sunday. He's fabulous. He gives his brother a playboy and it's quite a scene. And Neil, making old Mr. Dave. Sammy Davis, like, seeing as it Jews. What is it? King of the Jews? Okay. What do you say? Tom Green is my hero, baby. It was just even true for a few days till I saw he was hanging out too much with his Trump Donald Trump. See, the media. They're so stupid. I don't know where they bind it down with Trump thing and they start creating matter around like it's a legitimate news story. Like somebody might vote for him. In my hammered Ali pulled a beauty on on the media a few days ago. And they're all due to free reporting it. They were, oh, yeah, my hammered Ali wants to come back out of retirement and he wants to put on an exhibition match and fight.