Let me correct your question. Sports radio 516, LSUAM, my Amiport Linerdale presents the Neal Rogers Show. The laptop to Neal called 567-0560 toll free for David Broward, more than home 560 on Jersel Paul. The opinions of Neal his guest, Paulers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of W.A.M. between weed acquisitions or the weedless rust vessels of the Neal Rogers of the Sports Radio 560-08-0520. Why do you play as food? I do in a day. I wanted to take over a little segment here of Phil Schoff I could because we were in an I mentioned this to you when I called you originally. First of all, Henry Barrel sends his regards to the company I talked to Henry. Henry said he sends his regards to you. I'm not going to tell you that. I'm not going to tell you that. We're a little bit jaken aback. The best way to put it. By comments you made to coach Shula on your program. I understand it was Friday evening. I was taking a second time. I had two different friends call me. I think there was one called Thursday night. One called Friday when I was learning the Don was going to retire. They both said, of course, if you heard your radio station. I said, no, I worked there 20 years with the organization never to do the dolphins. They said they're agreement. The deaths were there. They said he's a maniacs of coal and in and they're personal. Things about them. They're by them and there's a guy in the morning looking at the bottom of the ocean. They should be out of coaching and he's too old. Another guy criticizing the way he looks. So when I heard that, two different people, what I said to Don was I heard that the station I worked at and you worked at because Don and I did a show together every day on WL days. Right. This was rapid you. He said he had all these said, well, I'm just finishing. I'm sorry. Then he said he hadn't listened to talk radio in two years. But that he'd heard about. Well, so if I'm wrong, tell me where I'm from. Well, first of all, we were not personally attacking Coach Schill. We said like we do a talk show here as you do. We have several. What we did do and any talk show would do certainly relative to a story of this kind of local import was invite our listeners to call and voice their opinions. The host had no personal opinion as well. No real Rogers quite frankly, if you speak a real Rogers or Rick and Sudge and into shows here had nothing but the most blowing things to say about Coach Schill in his retirement. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. He had something blowing to say about someone. Neil was on the day the retirement was announced. Neil said, I'm talking about reporter time. I'm talking about after we had to have a. At the whole city of Florida. I'm I can assure you this. What about before the. All right, I said, I was there was nothing personal in any negative statement made by Neil Rogers. What kind of criticisms were that he had his coaching and I was asking him by that it was time to make room for a coach and as you know, the popularity of Jimmy Johnson here as as well. I was I wrote in my column for years ago that Jimmy was kind of coming coach Miami and Jimmy told me that. I don't fast and just as high to isn't it. Let me say this. Yes. There's a way you can do it in the way cannot do it. Now you can encourage colors to vilify. I've been doing this a long time. I understand it. I started. I know that you were with our radio station. And I know how you can storm up a crowd and the people who told me I have statements. So you're telling me that Neil Rogers praised him. I would not even bother you. I wouldn't even bother you with a phone call. I'm talking about before Coach Schuillard. I know you're from the former personal or insightful. The callers some of the callers may have been something. They were what did you say to the world? What did you say to the world? We got rid of them very quickly to be perfectly honest with you. You're in sighting calls or off the air right away. They were off the air right away. And I apologize to Mr Rogers for his fairness. The rest of the staff and the two people told me because of inherent. I got to tell you Larry. I take what I do very serious. I'll let Larry dodge a little emotional. I'm sorry. I take what I do very seriously. And to have already a station vilified on that. Now hold on. I want to take a bite. Your station. I was on. How long have you been doing? I've been here since 1992. I was in Miami two years ago. The worst talk lady I've heard in my life in the world. You see it's college like that that I think of very unfair. You want to be in or not? You think Neil Rogers is a good talk to her host. I think he's the best in the business. I think he's the worst I've ever heard. I think he's the best in the business. You're proud of him. If you're crying because Neil Rogers has been vilified. What would I need to do? We're going to. Larry, can I jump in for a minute? This isn't saying. Well, I've got an original manager here. I was trying to bother if you can't handle this. I can do this or whatever. I've never heard of her. All right. I think that's badly unfair. Can you? No, for saying that this is the worst talk lady you've ever heard. You know the influence that you have over people. Because you've never heard. I'm going to land an apology for that statement. I will not give it to you. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Does the cattle find a passenger cent just right now? Something else wrong if you go on. Oh, yep. Pearls are the seat wheels on your palm. The tails THEY too don't ship their tails off. But he's not going to do anything. But he's not going to hurt anyone. I'm trying to put the ball as you rush to the 뛰th burger, although he's not moving. $1500ie beat right equal today hm fall There's more hell, there's none, there's no one to shoot out the light And there's so fear I can just stand over and die I can stand against all the light There's so fear I can figure it Stand over and die Oh, black Rocks, tell you man, he's the best jigsmick down on the head to best but he's damn good last night good job there jigsmaby See I had to keep saying that he was an old fart because we were hoping to guilty we'd get the job And I'll get these okay, he's a pull down the big bucks Good job there last night he sounded real good had great chemistry with my good close personal friend Red deer Randy more Panthers pull off a tie on a meaningless exhibition game got a big game tonight boy. The first of all a two-home exhibition games left good hockey intensive I'll get that audience down about a point two And just to show you how serious we are about not giving away anything more on the show We got nine pair tickets for the night's game against the Boston Bruins including let's see how many pair are like the right look at this one pair is in the Emerald Club in the front row First row and he's a wrong good seats by the way nine pair for the night's game against the Bruins Not that we're gonna start giving a bunch of stuff away. I don't want you to start panking because everything's been go real well since last November when we stopped given stuff away But it's just you know the timing of it and Gary Sarnan They had the brisfer Gary Sarnan's baby last night. Let's hear it Oh, we just a little upset about that of course because he thinks it's barbaric and disgusting and I would tend to agree with them now After all those years of fighting it if you can't fight him join him or maybe after all those trips to Europe Maybe that's what it is you think that's what it is. Oh, that might have something to do with it if you can't fight it bite it But it Right, yeah, like I said last week if God would have wanted the Jews to be born with those four skin instead of going through this barbaric ritual They would have had no force skin Then we would have been able to tell the men from the joy and what however that saying goes you know Because it would have been happened natural anybody can slice one off you don't understand But I mean you know if that's what he wanted did God want that. Oh somebody somebody made up another bubble. I see there By the way, let's take a poll. I think I should take Monday off its young kipper Peter Leonard told me that he said it to the discretion and bearish But if I work on you him kipper that would be a nice three day holiday weekend for me Let's take a poll and find out in fact if you want some of the hockey tickets you should tell me to take Monday off that would be a good start to maybe get some tickets Huh, yeah, then you can hear more about some Jewish wind clubs from George something like that to more that crap For look at it nine minutes after 10 already by the way thanks to the guy who sent me that fill hungry AKA Bob Greenwood Larry King thing because we lost that long time ago. That's classic You know the one I'm talking about and then do it that the one we just played 10 online at five sixty wq Let me just watch your side Hello, this is my goal you know a few years ago I had to cross fate surgery initially. I was very simply about recovering And I began to worry about the post operative side effects like erectile dysfunction ED sometimes known as impotence also referred to as whiskey winner Lego lamp soft serve down parisco wobbly willy glass and flagpole heading south spaghetti syndrome Plant biscuit, you know ding dong the wits are dead But there is help you need to see it doctor with a little courage and proper treatment He can help you achieve an erection sometimes known as a boner often referred to as a Siffie hard time pocket rocket granted gum drop current creak Kruller rollercoasters a jubby pitching the tanner Be in harder than chinese algebra and when you do get help there's no reason to be ashamed because there's now hope the men and their partners Hope that they'll soon be able to have intercourse sometime known as sex often referred to as the hunky dance Profanugly's hiding this alami putting you upright the dude's take muggy getting some on you matching that You know take a trip to the mound So remember it's a little embarrassing to talk about but with a little courage and a few creative you fromisms You too can leave behind the soft rock catch yourself some heart salami ride the baloney pony into a bright new future I'm Bob Dull. Thank you. Where's my meat 10 15 at 5.68 WQ I am so anyway I don't want to dwell on because obviously looking at we got like three or four calls on there Got nine great pair of tickets for the night's boss and bro and panther one of only two exhibition games at the macaroon of this year before the regular season starts in a couple of weeks And most the except for Palm Hill brewery most of the real players will be playing tonight like Ray Whitney who's leaving play last night I would pay to go see that but nevertheless Jake McDonald my job there, Jake's their excellent job like I said he and Randy Moran a great chemistry You heard more description of play by play in the first two minutes in that game last night in the first period then six years of Christina Moran For people that thought that Christina was so wonderful Christina was a joke Christina was an embarrassment in six years Christina more never made one hockey fan That's one of the problems we got in this time while you hear in the seventh year of the franchise We still don't have 15 people away even understand what the game's all about nice go on Christina We'll pack it up this sandwich just to make sure you don't come back nice gone jigs Now he surprised me really did a really good not that he's not you know, but he was a good he was on top of it Anyway, you know Hank was on top of the story yesterday as usually as the case big fat Hank he was He had the story and look at this not that they that that they killed a little ear do I think that like slant the news in the Harold The same people that could put keep it in very jackasses columns on the front page of the front section of the Harold week after week about All well John Henry is he's narrowed the sights down and he wants the stadium here and he wants it there And he wants us to pay most of the cost all of that and so is on the front page of the front section We've had a 4,000 part series on that one by the way for anybody in our QA themselves department that thinks that the two lives use on 1790 Other than sounds so great in midday, which I heard that when we yesterday you're more than welcome to go seller show How do you like that We got sales. I don't even know which one or more than one. We got some asshole down there that running around. Oh, yeah, those guys are really entertaining Yeah They were talking about good fellows don't belong on network TV because you can't put your peshy on there because you got to get Yeah, right that's pretty entertaining, you know and by the way, very jackass I thought they had a sports station over there not a sit down comedy routine. That's why they got rid of Christina moron here But nevertheless, I just mentioned that in passing But it ain't right so Hank comes on yesterday and gives you the emissive about the Vote that was gonna take place later in the day and of course sure enough it didn't fact the Thanks very much to my good close personal friends to Bloomberg for fact in the 600 pages this morning of the resolution By the greater Miami and the beaches hotel association who unanimously said no John Henry to pin and then where do we find the story? We find it on the front page of the front section the arrow this morning no front of the local section of the Harold No, we find it on the bottom of the front page of the business section How many sports fans unless of course there unless they want to read about NBC buying into passion how many sports people do you think are reading the Business section anybody? No, no How many taxpayers out there are reading the business section who don't want there are money being fleeced? Just a little tiny article here on the bottom of the business section in the Harold of a you people You're not fooling anybody, okay? You're not fooling anybody you and Mayor Pingo your little pimped there and Mickey Harrison the gottomach bough the triumvirate there The Harold and their boyfriend kind of like this place, you know Greg reading his buddies. It's the same thing in his town in Dave County the Harold and their boyfriend Don't make tourists pay for stadium panel urges tourists to bread and butter of the local economy should not be forced to put the bill The finance a new $400 million baseball stadium The greater Miami and beaches hotel association decided on Thursday voting an expectation of it ever by the Marlins to seek public help for new stadium Miami date hotels decided unanimously to oppose any initiative that would place additional taxes on hotels or expand the current taxes used to build a new baseball stadium Stuart Blumber president association said enough is enough well said story And speaking of enough is enough by the way The hotel tax another penny would generate about $85 million in Miami date about $50 million in Broward The resort tax already provides more than $20 million each year to support many of the regions major sports venues the tennis crowd Senator at Crandon Park the homestead motor sports complex Yeah, what a scam that was the homestead baseball stadium How those Indians doing by the way down there Miami arena another wide elephant National car yenta center and American Airlines arena, which is utter construction as they split the micita the public again Using more tax dollars to help help build facilities for billionaires not millionaires but multi billionaires Whose businesses taking tourists out of this town to make sure they don't spend their money here Nice corner Stuart and friends of an air at the hotel association just say John Henry new people there at the hero do you think that by putting this on the front page of only the business section and keeping it quiet? This should have been on the front page of the front section of the newspaper anybody any journalism any kindergarten kid taking journalism 101 knows that The big big ass story that the homper Right here on this radio station. That was I was going hopper And thank God for us here with you a moment teddy between the penny sales tax that they try to slip for over on you and This thing that they're gonna try to slip you the Mickey again so that this boring little torped John Henry Can pull a wain high ping a see that I mean it's his transparent is the day as long. I must be crazy. I must be not. Yes, you are Mr This whole PR campaign. Oh, yeah, we ain't done all the team anymore. Everybody knows we all hate him And he's a prick anyway, and everybody despises him in his zip face But now it's a nice guy who really likes baseball and ever stole a freight train and he really cares about us Right what a phony baloney campaign that is and that lie you talk about liar liar your dad asses on fire That lie about well, you know, he'll build it himself Yeah, but now the deal is if the public won't foot up the money to build him what he wants his $400 million stadium well he'll only build a 25,000-teach stadium Which won't generate enough revenue to have a competitive team and nobody will show up so it'll be the point anyway And so then got he you know, they'll forget about it. What's the point? I mean you if anybody I mean we got a lot of stupid people here no corrected about it But if you think you're fooling anybody with that well, I must be crazy. I must be not exactly As long as I live I'll never forget seeing him with that fat tub of crap J Randolph sucking his ass there on the Sunday on a whiny on the on that Marlon whatever that horror fest is they got on there Oh, yeah, it's really gonna be and it's it's this little guys about three foot two like he's like a little Poochon like rumble stills can and he's sitting there in the chair like looking out with this little one skinny face and his little Slitz for eyes He's got slitz for eyes and The brains okay rhymes with slits And so here once again, they try to pull a fast one on you keep this quiet as though it's only that cave man Near Rogers and maybe fat hand can a couple other sour pushes on QA and they're the ones that are peeing on our parade Don't realize how important it is they have a baseball stadium in town to the quality of life to our community See if we had like I said the other day some real leadership even not forget about politicians just even in terms of a real newspaper Then it would have the guts to come out and tell it like it is instead of for whatever reasons both the hero and son sent And we'll always seem to be pretty much in bed together why they're so historically in favor of this thing. I mean why don't not those what off of their ass And the hero especially counting on everything everything that we build is gonna be right down there by one hero Plans that you know go set their property values To make people want to go downtown. Does anybody here want to go downtown? Oh, will they ever go downtown? Oh, no And let me say it again construction of the Miami arena That's another they're supporting the Miami arena is anybody that we know planer anymore? No How about the madagors? No give it away nine pair of this shows beyond a shadow of a doubt even the free loaders don't want these And look at that one just dropped off I was in a middle of that sentence and one called dropped off. There's no interest in that here I play a little hockey highlight. That's probably the end of the show for today Because it's something that nobody cares about it would be like I do in a whole week's where the shows on swing clubs, you know There's more people go to one panther game than go to all the swing clubs in this town in any five-year period But together, which don't mean I'm not in favor of them, but it's just narrow casting man like talking hockey here nobody cares There's no interest none zero zippity doda. It would know jigs McDonald from old McDonald E-E-I-E-I-I-I Right But we got to keep digging into your pockets boys and girls in the squeezing all the money out of there that we can and the tourists to and by the way very interesting study In 1995 before construction of Miami Arena a Miami-Dade County study revealed that less than half of one percent of overnight visitors go to sporting events here Less than half of one percent, but let's just keep goosen up the taxes on them until we get him high enough We can see we can drive some of more way. We already drove all the spring breakers away, you know? Right And of course the frogs thank god we drove most of them away because of that cheap but worthless Canadian looney. Oh right So let's see if we can't drive some more like maybe a few English speaking tourists if we haven't Drive them away Friday You heard They a I'm 31 at 5.60WK. I always wondered about Fred and Borene having too many little geol times. Barker feeling poorly winds up in hospital. Poor Bob Barker. How many years have I been the only one in America to tell you very accurately by the way, how much money have you got in? And I like Bob Barker. I got nothing against him, especially the old part that's getting the latest much as he is. He got to respect that. But, but Jesus Christ, how much is enough Bob? Go save some God then, for animals again, which is what he was going to be doing in front of, listen to this, Barker 75 is admitted to a hospital Thursday suffering from fatigue. I can't imagine why. He went to the emergency when George Washington University hospital in DC when he didn't feel quite right before meeting with some members of Congress about those furry animals again, he's trying to say. He was in good condition, expected to leave the hospital today. He was in Washington, lobbying on behalf of a bill that would protect animals that are part of entertainment acts like, uh, L. Harry L. Fonte in some of those others. I mean, you know, I respect what he does for the animals. That's wonderful. And what he's doing to some of those, uh, broad their enterprises, right? But Jesus Christ wrapped it up. Okay, hanging up. I'll have a big award show. Thanks for 600 years of great entertainment and your silver hair. And I'll look it out of here. Go play golf. Man, he's suffering from fatigue. He tapes finally. You know how they do that. Five hour shows in one day. So a lot of those people say, oh, he won't even work once every, uh, once a week. Yeah, but they tape five one hour shows. Which doesn't just take by the way five hours. I hate to break the news to you. He had to grueling exhaustic, especially for an old fart like him. But we're supposed to feel sorry for Bob. Anybody feel sorry? No. No. You mark my words. We won't get one call from anybody in the audience today. The heard jigs make time. I'm a station last night. You watch. I've been trying. I've been exhausting. I end the course. Everybody remembers the days. Like I said the other day. It's a miracle. I survived of those great hockey shows we did with my post personal friend. They stout. Oh, my God. Do another one Monday, right? Yeah, you are. No, I don't know. I think I ought to be here. I mean, why should I take off your kipper just because that crazy Peter Lenin says so. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Not that I want to sound like a big shot because Gary Sarner gave me these tickets to give away by the way. And Gary had the bristle of sunlight and even Buffalo Lindsay with there to see what it looked like. But nevertheless, and these are the first the great tickets I got here. Roll one section 133. Roll one seats 10 and 11 or nine. Whatever it is. These have got a face value of 105 bucks a piece. This one a pair. Of course at the end of these we got a few nosebleeds in the upper deck. The most of these are pretty good seats. But nevertheless there's no interest. How can be interested in something you don't understand? And let me say it again. Christina Moron, you're as much as responsible. I mean, you talk about taking the most exciting thing in the world and making it next to sex and making it boring. That's what this guy did for six years on this radio station. Like I said, thank God for my close personal body Jason McDonnell that they're in. And I've gone military and by the way, quit where nose polo shirts. People are still having a gigantic breath. Okay. Even Britney Spears is jealous. Here's a mobile in point and V. Chillow. Neil, my god, I had not brought those breaks. Yeah. I wanted to tell you a quick Jewish bubble micey story. I'm getting married next week to a Jewish woman. Fire. Fire. Fire. Yeah. Well, I went to another service. The rabbit was talking about the new police rushers on a calendar. And he basically said that it was all a bunch of, it was a bunch of bull crab. He said what they did was they decided to make the calendar and how they came up with 5760 was the counted backwards. I don't know how to help look at if you read from right to left, it's bigger you're going to come back with two. Well, that's true. But anyway, the rabbits get a maria. We had a hard time finding one because I'm not Jewish. So exactly. So the first one that would take 400 bucks. Hey, he maria. I thought that was the most hilarious thing. Larry, Larry, Larry, I'll marry a cheaper net. He's a rabbi part time on weekends. Yeah, but the funny thing was that there's actually rabbis out there that are not official rabbi. Oh, I know that. So I could have been married. So I think you go use to have that one on a show all the time. The way he would marry anybody. He would be very damaged. He was the one where we were going to go to, but the mother, a lot said, well, he's not an official rabbi. Oh, I'm not an official Jew. So what the hell difference doesn't make? Yeah. I just thought that was absolutely hilarious as far as the tickets are going to hurt. I feel more Jewish than you are anyway, not much more than that. I'm a Jew in a Jew. It only happened to be with them. I'm probably more Jewish than you are because I go to temple. Oh, okay. Like I said, better you anyway. Anyways, far as the tickets are all I can have for them. Although I'd love to go because I thought you did give it to me tickets before. Okay. Well, I want to look, but I cannot call some people do bad. Go ahead. My black brother Dwayne and the ball headed guiding Sean. Okay. Thanks, they don't have a great day. See you, bye. Bye, good soon. Okay. It's a young keeper on Monday. Oh, that's why we're having a hard time getting a lot of response to today. They're all getting ready for young keeper. They're eating like crazy now because we've got a fast on Monday. That's another thing. Am I going to fast on Monday? No, is my mother going to fan? No, no, or any other? Is anybody else with a brand? Even the thanks for calling ladies. She said she's fasting only until about noon and she's going to sleep till 10. I'll still let show start. That's gone sweetheart. That's a way to do it. It's like the atkins. I'm having a perfect atkins. They so far. Better than my good buddy Rick. Phantas, who's busy eating 25 pound wheel chops and four or five stakes at the sitting and who's squatting over Biscayne Bay as we speak. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Yeah, hi, you know. Yes, sir. I was actually one of the few people who was watching Wanylash 90s hit a story on the times about the governor. The governor signing into law that claims over 20 years to fly through Florida. People can't sue if they crash. What happened? It's not really. You don't say. He says that they say that what's going to happen is all the airlines going to move their over planes in the Florida because all have to be so why not? We got all the older people in Florida why not the older planes? But I mean it's just going to become a nightmare to fly a plane down here. Yeah. So I just didn't know whether you knew about it. Well, a lot of the older American airlines planes, especially I understand, had like extra large overhead compartments for the, uh, you know, drugs. That's all I had. Mine's hand grenades. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Let's hear it for governor boots. Okay. Let's hear it. Oh. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line 22 before 11 here at 2 AM on a tremendous on a really uplifting. It's almost jump kipper Friday. I think I should take Monday off. I should ask the audience. Okay. I mean Peter Leonard came in here and he was I'm going to tell you he is certifiable. Okay. I mean this this is a crazy person. This is a truly, truly insane, crazy person. Of course he's in our sale of the apartment. And he played well on by the spots from the Peter. No. Oh. Wow. Crazy person. Who by the way, have you ever sold anything on his own? No. Let me sure shows up here all of that. What's doing? What's doing? What's doing? What's doing? What's doing? What's doing? Peter, you're crazy. 21 before 11 at 560 WQM. Here's the place. Oh, by the way, do we? After I talked to screw in, thanks screw in to John Pena's ever coming in straightness out on his own? No. No. Like I said, this is a place where we have a whole bunch of people who won't do any, won't do their job unless somebody forces them to do their job. And nobody will force them to do their job. Sales people are right souls. Okay. 17 before 11 at 560 WQM. Let's not waste any time. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah, I was calling him for the pan. No. Recent court rulings, considering the sexual orientation of Scout Masters has made it nearly impossible for the average parent to know what kind of scouting experience their son can expect. But one organization has a reason to make things perfectly clear. The gay scouts. Okay, truth. Time to set up a cab. I've been pinching a tent for hours. The gay scouts will teach your son the art of self preservation in the wild. I mean, that's what we're going to get the fire going. That's okay. We can make our own body heat. Well, your son joins the gay scouts. He'll hear late night ghost stories. And when the severed body was found, he was wearing a Donna Coran on some with clashing the pelz that have been out of season since labor. Now with a scary thing, I ever heard. So if you want your son to bond with other like-minded young men, have him join the gay scouts today. Where our motto is. 555.56. You're going to see what we got. Hank had two. We got the Jimmy Johnson Show. The Jimmy We could be special Johnson Show at five o'clock at six. We got the Steve Goldstein from the National Car Yanticec, because it's the first game of the year. It's the exhibition game against the Bruins, which you're still. And by the way, the the free loading pitch that I hung up on immediately after I said, oh, too. She had been calling George from the moment that I came on a year mentioning, I had the hockey tickets to the away sucking around for the free tickets. Not hey, how you doing? I have a great life. Not what's up. Not what up. Not just a lot of tickets. And the answer, of course, is no. Another classic example of the women in South Florida who absolutely have nothing to say to me under any circumstances, unless they're pissed off because I said, Nick look like a pineapple head at one day. But other than that, they got nothing to say to me. But if I got something for free, all of a sudden we got we got an 80-year-in-woman. Or nearly we had about a 1.5-year-in-woman got every guy named Neil and town list in the show. But to women, oh, no, we wouldn't listen to him. I must have got some free to give away. Now, all of a sudden we just had a radio accident. We happened to be listening. Even all those two guys, those two live Jews on 2800 on the dial over entertaining. Is what the rumor is in our sales department, don't say. And you know, something they would find that entertaining because that's a sports station, see? alleged. That's a real man's sports station. That's a place that they ought to be working not here. By the way, I just looked at the schedule for money. It looks to me like, Hank, oh, if you're taking you on Kippuroff, he'll be a professionally Jewish on Monday. And Jim Mandage is going to be on from 2 to 6. So why should a nice Jewish boy like me be working on you? I'm Kippuroff the most solemn day of the year, the most solemn and day of the year. I'm considering it very, really, you know. Plus you had to finish up that story about the uswin club. Here's Kendall, hello. Yeah, yes sir. Her jig buff night. And something he has the opportunity to throw, but I love him. He's good. You know, he's good with molar. Yeah, they were good. I was pretty excited. I was pretty psyched about it because I like, and listen with an open mind. And as you know, I've ripped him pretty good because he isn't a little guy, but he was good. And of course, especially in retrospect, 50,000 times better than his predecessor, who was a piece of crap. He didn't hyperventilately drink all those fights at the first period. No, and he actually described the game. Right. You're supposed to do. Hey, but that's not what I was calling you. I've tried to call you yesterday when you're talking about guns. Yes. I was a guy called your few weeks ago. I was flying Delta to Rome. Right. You've written before? Well, I ripped you for what? For flying Delta to Rome. Well, I mean, you know, what kind of kind of thing? I just wanted to relay you my experience or the main difference I've had there. It was my first time in Italy. And I'm very well traveled in the United States. And when I get to any of the thing at the big city that lay or Chicago, whatever, I always try to find out, you know, where are you going? What are the bad areas? Take the cabbie we were. Besides the beauty of Rome, the lender and the industry of it, every night late night we went to and there's a huge park at the end of the event at a right we just walked around the park and I just had this general feeling of safety. Right. I just didn't feel even the bombs looked peaceful. Uh-huh. I mean, and it's a part, I feel like I could get killed at this bell car or something. Right. Only because of what I've heard you say and I had that feeling. That's how it is all over most of Western Europe. Anyplace that I've ever been Copenhagen, Stockholm, Amsterdam, Berlin, Colon, Rome, Milan, Florence. You don't feel like you're in danger? I loved it. Well, I could get over them more often. Exactly. Well, I'll gladly sucker out for some ticket. Next time fly, I'll a tie to the police. Okay. I'm Tanya. I'll a tie. All a tie. Yeah. Sounds good to me. Okay. They flagged the wreck from Miami to Rome. Stop. You didn't go on stop. You probably had to go to New York or somewhere. So, it'll be yeah. Philly, see? Fly all a tie to the next time. Okay. You got a pair of pounds. Thanks. Hang on. Okay. Line five to our good pies on there who just came back from aroma and didn't have any complaints either by the way. Like a jackass that called a couple weeks ago. Oh gee, I was so scared I didn't want to be a fluke cruise ship. First of all, when you start talking to people that do a lot of cruise ship stuff, you know, you're dealing with assholes in the first place. With people that don't really know how to enjoy their vacation time. I want to be captive prisoners on a goddamn boat to nowhere somewhere. You know, you've only got so much vacation time. Most of us. So why would you want to waste a lot of it sitting out there on the open seas? Probably, like a prisoner on a ship with a bunch of people you can't stand in the first place. Like that guy. I think that guy to call a few days ago was on a cruise ship. I was also a catechas. Nobody spoke English and all the Cubans did mapa bai bai bai bai bai. There you go, pal. Another good reason to stay after cruise ships. Not to mention the fact that Mickey Eris and suck in the life blood out of this town. And that's why I heard a lesson so much because they're so concerned about our community. Great, ledger the editor by the way. I'll get to it a little later. Lisa Versace, the Florida director of people for the American way in Miami, free speech at risk in his mornings here, a letter to the editor about Los Van Van and also later run a newspaper, Los Van Van, may play in Miami after all. I think like that. Where else in America would you have a controversy going on like this about whether a band from another country can perform? Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. Exactly. Here's a mobile in Miami, sure, as hello. Suddenly? Yes, sir. Sounds like you. All right. I had a radio accident and I did hear a portion of the broadcast last night. Yeah. And my ticket was I thought at first I was listening to a Phil Henry parody. It was funny. What did you believe it? What do you mean by that? Well, maybe I turned it in at that time when the fight was, but, you know, first well, we'll get to the fight which lasts about five seconds. He's down on the ice. The whole thing, just reminded me when I listened to Phil Henry do, uh, pair of these on Marlin's games. The thing sounded like a parody on a hockey game. Are you sure? Yeah. I like it says the nice thing is, and I'm going to go to the game tonight. And the nice thing about having seasoned tickets is that at least half to time you don't have to listen to it on the radio or watch it on TV. Okay. Thanks. Anybody's forgot what he just said? No. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, five, six. The pound five, six, the only. See, anybody if this was like a real sports thumb, forget about hockey done. We'd already had 600 people saying, oh my god, what a breath of fresh air. As opposed to that jackass we had the last six years. Who wouldn't describe who was what was going on and where the puck was and where we never had any idea was going on the game and half the game he was mumbling and tried to do sit down comedy, even during the regular season. If this was a real sports thumb or anybody new, you know, Joe Bowling from Jimmy Bowling. They don't know Mike Lang from Katie Lang. I'll tell you that right now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's never ever going to change. I can keep sitting here ringing my hands and getting upset about it. Am I going to get upset about it? No, because I've just to resign myself to the fact that that's the way it is. Hey, we got Paulville Burrie. Well, I was on vacation last year. We excited about that. Who? Who? What are you talking about? That was the best. That was the tip off. That was one of the, I mean, that was one of the media clear. I wonder what is the word I'm looking for? Crap me moment to my life. Yeah. In other words, I could see exactly where I was at that point. If I had any doubts, I'm moment of clarity. That's what I was looking for. I thought that's what you're putting in your hair. Where's that what you take when you got allergies? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound, 5, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello? No? Yes, man. Good morning. Under all the ladies we got on there now. Yeah. Do you know, yesterday, you hear the interview with the governor of Texas when they asked him about the incident. No idea that has nothing to do with people having access to God. Well, he's a gunhugger. I'm going to say in seconds. He's going to have the Lord of praise the Lord and whatnot. Then they interviewed the pastor of that church. Yes. And he actually, I think he said something a little more coherent and our government Bush. He said is a culture. He said it's a culture. And I think it's the other day. He also said last night, which made me want to puke the same old usual religious crap about we shouldn't kill bad because these people are not. I would board. Yeah. There were Lord and people in the house and there and have it. And you know something about my son? He made more sense than Bush. Do they make more sense? No. He made more sense than people, people not killing guns, not killing people. But people are killing people. Right. And speaking of Burai, my kids made me stand for three hours on hockey fast to get his autograph. Really? Well, they were running around and they only let like 200 people that was like the first five minutes of the line. It was pretty much a disaster, I thought. All the players didn't get their own time. They camped so the lines were like so huge. Yeah, but I met your Ray Wittney with nice everybody. He even Terry Murray was nice with the kids. Really? The only one I hate to say this again because I call about it before. The only sour person of all of them was Melambi. When the kids were running after him, he was really not nice. Everybody else. He practiced on that rat and he just threw his robots. They were great with a children. He signed them to the last one was there and most of the people were real nice. Actually Ray Wittney. Absolutely. He has a pair. Yes he does. And can I have a couple of tickets? You have a pair. Thank you. Hold on. Now, one in China, there's a free loading lady, but a good one. Let's give her some good seats by the way. In fact, let's give her the seats right now. I'm going to hold those out. She's not that good. Let's give her section 1242. Those are great. See 60 bucks of peace. Now you keep in track of what I'm given by the way. Are you keeping track of who's giving you a little bit of them? How? I've got nine envelopes. Right. I'm writing the each person's name on the envelope. The tickets are going to go in. But how do you know which tickets they're getting? I thought they were all the same. They're not. They're all the same. Well, then they're all the same. They're all the same. Well, all the other for tonight. They are all for tonight. Well, then whatever. But they're going to be the order. I'll put on the keys on those. Bleed. Some seats are real good. And there's one pair that's right in the first row. Line them up in order from let's write some way. That's what. That's right. Left to the right. You're left to the left. To the right. I'll just put like little numbers on them. Okay. Put a number on each envelope. Okay. I'll put little numbers. Ever had a little number? Five to ever smoke a little number. Five six, seven, five, five, sixty, five, sixty on the AT&T. Robbers line. I'm one happy guy. She's packing her bag. Oh, he's gone. I'll leave me for. New York, New York. Yeah. I'm waving goodbye. Yeah, I'm going back. Rooty, july, honey. She's got a thing. New York, New York. Out of rages. I want to wake up in the white house and be all alone. And find there's no sign of hell. The bitch and her mom. No more evil eyes. I won't hear her name. Her run will wake my life so sweet. New York, New York. If you are left, her pair shall be out of my hair. It's up to you. New York, New York. She's gone. I'll wake up in a steady, so far away. Wow, she's on Capitol Hill. I'll play golf all day. Oh, yeah, I can read time. Wow, she goes new world. This can't well make my life so sweet. New York, New York. It means home play on wet. Her pair get her out of my hair. Oh, please come through. New York. New York. Come on, baby. Close our heavily. That's the core hockey. That's as baby who better to be singing about than the ice princess. It's 11.2560 WQM. We have a couple of open lines. Believe you're not. 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T Wireless line. So the greater Miami and the beaches hotel association passed the resolution yesterday and the last paragraph being the most important one saying, now be it resolved that the greater Miami and the beaches hotel association through unanimous action taken by its board of directors on Thursday September 16, 19, 19, 19, is supposed to any initiative that would place any additional bed tax on hotels or expand the use of existing bed tax for the purpose of either building a operating in new baseball stadium in Miami, Dave County. Let's hear it for the greater Miami and the beaches hotel association and Stu and the got someishboha. Let's hear it for them. And when we say it again, Casey missed the beginning of the show. Hank had the story yesterday before they even took to vote. They took to vote. It was unanimous and instead of being on a front page of your Miami girl today, where every other s-sucking story is appeared by Barry Jackass and all her other flunkies about John Henry and all the sights and will be this one. Will it be that one of the tournament so on instead of being on the front page of the front section, it's way down at the bottom of the front page of the business section, little story that almost nobody would have seen unless somebody would have pointed it out on the air. Unconsciously, unconscionable. If you ever had any doubts, if you thought that we exaggerated about the one side of this and the slanted news in the hero, just take a look at this. The fact that they're trying again to pedal to you, just like they tried to pedal to you unsuccessfully, Mayor Pingers Penny Salesex. Now they're trying to pedal to you, John Henry, and let's give him some more money and build another goddamn stating for billionaires. Oh, that this would only be on a ballot. They're trying to get on the ballot for the next year year from November. Oh, I pray. Here's some mobile and Davy. Hello. Mobile and Davy. Hi, Neil. Good morning. How are you? Great. I listened to the broadcast last night and he did a nice job. I grew up with Irving and Gallo Man and he's good. Yeah, well, he's no Danny Gallo Man. He's no Danny Gallo Man. He knows you're a bull. He ain't no Rick Jenner. Ready? He ain't no, uh, Fred Cusick. But he would did a good job. I thought he had just. I'd like to get your comments. Oh, I don't see any hope for the for the Pantices here. They're goal-cending and suspect. Hopefully they'll finally. The goal-cending is the problem. And they've improved over last year and last year the goal-cending wasn't the problem. The problem was poorest defense and lack of goal scoring. It's a lack of a problem. Right. That's right. You think they have an opportunity to do this here to make the playoffs or does it really hang on on on on beret and eat? It hangs on what the brewery stays healthy all year, which is mandatory. And number two again. And I heard Brian last night, the spokesman he was going on again about the youngsters in the organization and this is there. And I, you know, nobody's buying that anymore. I mean, I hope he's right. But that's gotten so old and so tired. Hopefully. And it's an interesting, by the way, that Steve Washburn scored one of the goals against this last night for an national. Exactly. Well, I would enjoy going to the game, Neil, if that's possible. Okay. It's possible, sir. Thank you very much. Hang on. And maybe good news viewers. Okay. Let's give him the views. Okay. That's number three. I'm sticking to right over here on my left to your center. 560, 050, 5060, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Come on. Is the cat cut these people slung? They like I said, really a sad commentary. It's really the tip of just how much excitement enthusiasm there is in this town about filling the blank about. Anything. Not just the panthers. Not just about some stupid exhibition game tonight. But about anything. Very, very sad, very disheartening. It's like reaching in and just tearing your kishki's up. No wonder I'm thinking about taking off Monday for your own kipper. Which I think would be a great idea. Is anybody mentioned anything about that? No, because I think I'm going to burn an hell if I work on Monday. I think I've reached my quota. I think the Lord allows you to work somebody on kipper's in your life. And that's you've reached the quota. If you work one more than this is that's it. You've had it. You're going straight to hell. Do not pass go to not collect unemployment insurance. I think this could be a very for two of this opportunity. Especially coming on a Monday, making for a nice 3 day holiday weekend would be nice. And I wish 3 day holiday weekend. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I wasn't sure I got deep. Get these for one. No, we had a ton. I'm on a mobile. And I'm in a middle of like a monsoon down here in sunrise. There's a monsoon again in sunrise. Yeah. Yeah. You're probably going to go onto a flood. No, don't say that. Oh, I'm not serious. That's none of that called about two of us recalls ago. That was one of the most self-righteous outrage that it's due that I've ever heard. Which one? Where the benefit of having Steve and tickets is that many less games he had to listen to or watch on TV. Uh-huh. That is so outrageous. Just guys, probably one of the people that sit at the arena with a cell phone trying to make everybody see how important he thinks he is. Probably standing at one of those people it stands up talking to his friend three seconds away on another cell phone. Outraism. I mean, a real fan would either want to watch or listen or see a game. You're interested in your players and by the way, Jake did a really nice job. I wasn't a major. I owned a fan like my son to work. So I didn't really have a chance to listen to him a lot in the past. But what a graphic fresh air. Yeah. He did a last kind. Whenever realized how good Jake's was until Chris Moore on left. He posted, he really has a good memory for fact. I mean, he did his homework. He just fit there and and swab over again. You know, I also, I'm like Christine and more on he happens to be a great guy. Everybody here likes him a ton already as opposed to Chris Moore. I know he was a real obnoxious backstabbing jackass. That's right here and obviously he's going to live down here, not not a stop north. Right. What you know, I mean, I think he's already has a home down in Boko. I think he already had a place down here. So he will be here. That's good. I'm looking forward to enjoying him and I'd sure like a chance to go into tonight's game. Okay. You've got a chair. I appreciate it. Hold on, and all the issues that see to okay. It's the number forward. I'm sticking right on top. But okay. Why don't make sure this gets done right? Why don't make sure we do it right? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T while it's not, you know, something that's a good thing. I got these nine pair tickets to give away today because other than that, I don't think we'd have any calls. You know, I'm talking about that's right. Just like yesterday, trying to get people off their ass. Although I ever realized it's a hopeless situation, just with a gun deal. That's you just a lot at the loss for words, you know, there's not that same anymore. It's just a barbarian place and there's nothing we can do about it. And then of course, our wooden vice president was on their last night with my good close personal. Don't be just to the friend. Oh, I'm telling you, Al, it's just astonishing how wooden and he wonder why bushes like 15 17 points ahead in the polls. I mean, at least he shows a little son that he might be alive. Not that he stands for anything good, but nevertheless, he might be alive. Whereas our vice president, I mean, we can blink in and not off to sleep. Just, as I asked him a question about, you know, giving you, forget about doing the cocaine. But how about, you know, you're grades in school and like any stammered and his eyes blinked and winking and the just answer the question, okay, just say something for a found, say something, you ripped raw p-roll and as say something. But that's before the pressure was on before it's actually running for anything. 9 minutes after 11 and 5 60 WQM here and beat that cater meat. 11. Well, that's why we're off to the old hat. I'd rather act. But I think this song has to pay the ring and it's the pre-made. There goes my image. I used some nimble, but got my new. This is the shortcut. It's just the way to feel the seed. The time I do a muggy is track. It isn't a song. We do. It's a song. It's a copy. It's the arrangement of the same. 11. Well, you didn't have to pay the amount of this. It's a remake. It's a crazy thing. It's a crazy thing. It's a crazy thing. It's a crazy thing. 11. Well, you didn't have to pay the amount of 16 WQM. So, these are the songs you deployed in director of Pipple for the American way, writes free speech and risk. It is an outrage for the city of Miami, which has a lawsuit pending over the cancellation of the lowest van van concert to rent out the facility to a counter-demonstration. More over the difference in city imposed cost for the two events is just plain discriminatory. Low-s van van's promoter will be charged 33% more for the facility and the police department also demanded $17,990 up front for security. That didn't even include fees for investigating bomb threats to $100 per threat. Or an edit charge of $8,500 if the police determined the need for a dispatch. This brigade $25.6 have to show up the same amount of concert supporters stage of protests. Low. If not police officials must assume that concert supporters would never stage a threatening protest. Why should Los Van Van concert promoter Debbie O'Hannien be Pope penalized, penisized, and brigade $2,025.6 be rewarded for potential on ruling and threatening protests by a small fact of the ex-alcommunity? I've encouraged peaceful protests by the ex-alcommunity. In this case, however, Miami's mayor and commissioners are misusing their influence perhaps illegally to advance the political agenda of a single constituency. Free speech and legitimacy of our representative government are threatened by the police of Versace, Florida director of people for the American way. As once again, his goddamn bananary public was on the verge of caving in, but the good news is the Cuban dance ban, Los Van Van, whose schedule money appearance next month had been canceled, is not candidly scheduled to play October 11th. Oh, according to when agreement worked out, there's Dibi between band representatives, the Knights of the Management and the ACLU, which of course had a stick there knows in their thank God. This was a victory for first amendment principles and mayonnaise in Howard Simon Executive Director of the Florida ACLU, which had threatened to go to court of the concert was not rescheduled. There's one possible snack, Los Van Van has until Wednesday to comply with the federal regulation demanded by the city, proof that the ban isn't making a profit and is only getting a perdiam allowance. Thursday's agreement comes after week of controversy that began when Los Van Van's concert was announced last week. The performance of the ban sparked a flurry of calls to Cuban radio stations in Miami City Hall, of course, as usual. Same old tired crap as the same old tired bunch of Julios think that they can run every goddamn thing in this town, which magazines we can sell at the airport, same old crap. Only in the banana republics, baby, only in Miami. Hey man, that's going mad. Yeah. Thank God, Tommy. Yeah, right. Crazy old spix. Here's a lady in Fort Lottodale. Hello. Yeah, I am. Good morning. First of like to encourage you, definitely to take your home trip tour as the holiday. Uh huh. I guess one ticket. Well, of course, I would, but I'd also like to tell you that I was also at hockey theft. Yeah. We did mine over two and a half hours in the Pavellbury. Right. One of the nicest players on our team. Not he's speaking English or in whiskey. In English. In English. In English. He speaks. He speaks. Okay. But I have to tell you, Chris Wells was flooded to be with him for signing and Chris showed up halfway through it. How to face on sort of like I don't want to be here. Along push. Yeah. Yeah. It was probably sitting up in the stands because he's got so much practice doing it. You know. Well, I kind of feel bad for him. Wish him a good season this season. Why do you feel bad for him? Because he doesn't get any recognition. You know, if we don't want him on the team, then let's give it a ride. Have we signed another year? Well, I did. Well, because probably when we traded, we want to get something for my mean, you know. Well, I'd like to see the same thing happen with Rob Needema. Yeah. First uh, let's pack him a sandwich. He's a good kid. Nice girl. Robby, we like you. Not good by, you know. Goodbye. Definitely. Sure. The roll last night, Robby, that fourth goal I temporarily put in the head. Well, let's see a lot more of that during the beginning of the season. I doubt it. I have the same feeling. Like to see a sentiment come in to work with Pavel. Yeah. Way, he's not carrying the whole team on the shoulders this season. Right. Uh, also heard from my husband was busy getting autographed at hockey fest, Trevor Kid attitude problem. Really? Rude to the kids. Rude to the kids. Trevor Kid was rude to the kid. Yes. He must be kidding. No. And if you saw him walking on the street, Neil, you'd say, where does he look like he belongs in Florida? Long hair, short. Why not? I know what Trevor Kid was like. Kind of a punk. Yeah. Yeah, but he's not these better in Kirk, my client. I'll tell you I agree. He went on a car. He's got a crappy attitude as long as you can play. And it's not a car about any play. Just like the dolphins. They got all these criminals and so far they looked like they're all going to be good. So nobody cares. They're all forgot about their, you know, they're up their righteous attitude. And I have to tell you it's not to play as fault for the misshacks at hockey fest. I do have friends who work for Panther land and selling the ticket, you know, all of the, uh, anthem materials. And it was on the inside, the last minute changing, where people are supposed to be, they were slotted to be in the main arena as well as signing autographs. Yeah, I heard the arrangements for the thing we're all screwed up. They've stopped. That's what I heard. I want to tell you who told me that. They've stopped. That's what I heard. And that's what I heard. And a lot of people who do work for the arena are not Panther fans at all. Don't know the players. Don't really care. Yeah. So I have to do with you. There's a lot of defunct here. Well, they got too many glamour can air in your remets of problem. Well, they could hire me. Part time. A few sparsis too. Okay. You want to get to one. Absolutely, you know. Okay. Now I got, uh, what have I got here? What did I do with the real good ones? Did I give those away? Oh, there they are. No, but you don't want those. Uh, here's some real good ones. One 24-hour, 12, uh, yeah, these are good. Okay, hang on. Thank you, now. Okay. There you go. I don't want to give it a real real expensive ones. I want to hold those out. So I'm just going to have a couple of calls by and I know them. Hey, listen, there's nothing wrong with stealing a little bit of the show here today. Thanks to Gary Sarno, who's the boyhead is the brist last night. Of course, his boys 14, but nevertheless, better late than never. Oh, his boys in 19. I'm under by some of the people from here, we're showing up for that. Yeah, I'm on the phone with our program director yesterday discussing some very urgent business here at the station and all of a sudden he like, I understand. I got to go to that brist. And I thought to myself, uh, typical QAM and you know, whatever I'm talking about, he's listening out of one year, but in the meantime, they're doing their bappa. But now he's he's taking care of business that stuff, you know? Because I call him yesterday and I finally put my foot on and I said, get off your stuff. Yeah. He's all right. Not his fault. Don't be screaming at him. Okay, hang on. All the way. It's fun. I do like screaming at him. It's like an easy target. But he's not the one that puts a 13 minute breaks in a hangover show. Can you imagine that? I heard Hank went ballistic on one of them. Mr. I was able to get paid admission to witness the whole events, Hank was out of tools that a 13 minute break in a middle of the show. And our general manager is suing the fan and radio station down there like there. See, they're not the competition. Our sales department, they're the competition. They're the ones we have to fight tooth and nail to keep the audience on his radio station to avoid having 45 minute breaks. But at any rate, here's a mobile implantation, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you with now? I think that Gloria will picture you got up around a wall. Is it pouring? Pardon me? What is it? I just, I think that Gloria will picture you got up on a wall. Sorry about all the note back on noise there. Gloria will picture. Yeah, I think you're Gloria will picture from the snow. Oh, yeah, you sent that to us. Okay, right. But here you should go visit the real one time on the background. Is it raining? Is it raining? It was pouring rain. I just love them. Hollywood now, but it was pouring down rain. I think the plantation maker is too swamp again. Oh, again, every time it rains, it's in the acres, except for the hurricane, every time we get it. Hey, right, that 50 plate of I fill in the pillar was almost appropriate. I just moved out of the house after 24 years. Really? And yeah, my son helped me move and hopefully get some tickets to take him to the game tonight. Oh, shameless. You really are shameless. I know. Okay, hold on. Thanks. Okay, give him the use. Okay, not the real good one, but good enough. Oh, man, you people are something. See, it's a good thing we're only doing this like for the second date. Two days in a row, but only two days out of a year and years got several months to go yet. Four. Oh, these people are unbelievable. Aren't they? They come up with a story that haven't been invented yet. Here's a mobile in the homestead. Hello. Mobile in homestead. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Take a take Monday off. Yeah. How do you like the youth and hockey? You know, then it's thinking you felt out on the three-year-long one. Okay, five, six, seven, five, sixty, five. Oh, five, sixty. On the AT&T world of time. Anybody know what he was? What he said? No. I don't know what he's talking about. What language he's he was he speaking, huh? Of course he wasn't homestead. I remember a lot of stress there. You know, they went through Andrew's seven years ago and now we just had this other hurricane. It brings back flashback. They're stressed out in homestead. That's what it was. Do you hear? Oh, okay. Here's Delray Beach, yellow. Yes, sir. I've been trying to keep my thirteen-year-old son interested in this damn hockey team and they keep trading away the players. He didn't know anybody. So can't we just trade away the Murray Brothers? That would be, that would be a who'd hell would take him though? I don't know. Maybe he could send him up to Columbus to the new team and get done. No, I think I dug my plan up. I don't know. They could bring Doug back. No, they don't want Doug back. It's hard to keep people like my kid interested because they traded all of, you know, like they get an emotional attachment to like Joe Van Oftsky or somebody like that. In any special ed he isn't signed with Vancouver. It is all bunch of guys who haven't signed yet. I mean, a whole slew of guys who are holding off a real big money and so a special ed he's like hanging out. Really? Yeah. Well, but it's just a way how he's done. He's done it. And even if he has the skills to hold on. But no, I'm just thinking about, you know, then it's all business about trading away players. The kids on the people, they lose their emotional attachment to the team and then they wonder why they can't fall asleep. Yeah, they're having a bit of a time selling, so you can take a talk. No, because who in the home knows he's on the team? They said six down. Well, we got Ray Whitney and Pablo Bre and you know, Mara, and you keep the him forget. Yeah, because who in the hope that they said there are six thousand unsolved seats for the night's game. So you would assume that let's see, 19 minus six is the most season tickets we could have would be 13,000, which last year they had between I think 16 and 17,000. And maybe some of those tickets for the night's game were bought by nonseason ticket holders. So it's wasn't kind of grim as compared to last year. And just like I predicted, the novelty is already worn off. You know, it was a new building. And it was a breath of fresh air and it was a nice neighborhood and so on and so forth. But the quality of the crappy product they put out there last year didn't bring everybody back. And it's the Murray breath. Right. Everybody, you work. Right. Everybody, way and also not developing the promising youngsters in the organization like Red Warner and somebody young veterans like Stu Barnes and others, you know, they play great when they go someplace else. But when they're here, they're just in La La Land. Right. Well, that's the other point. So maybe you can keep talking about youngsters in the organization, but if you can't develop them and can't make them play good, then what's the point? And let's look at the Murray breathers. Yeah. That's the problem. I agree. I'll pack them a sandwich. Yeah. Maybe we can get our good friend, uh, what's his name? There were the submarine sandwiches and pack them a sandwich. All right. Well, maybe if you would like let me I will take my kip of the game tonight. Okay. Hold on. Don't read beach. Let's give him these, okay? No, it's late. I mean, let's give them these. 5605056, the pound 560. On the 182 wireless line, I'm so sorry that I agreed to give these away. I mean, Gary Saur was trying to be a good guy and I appreciate that, but I'm so sorry I did this. Am I sorry did this? No, I'm not. I already killed almost two hours. And especially with this audience with this recounts of Trevor looked in audience that no one in how many people they shoot no matter what's going on. You know, not one called by the way about this story about the way the Harold buried this story. And about I mean, here's your major newspaper. Forget about the Sun Sentinel. I mean, you think of South Florida asking anybody in the world what's the newspaper down here? They'll tell you to money Harold. So here's the alleged major newspaper in this market. Playing fast and loose with the truth, putting certain stories on the front page, just like they put that whole series of articles by Barry Jackson on last year about how done, smiley, how the deal was going to go down any second, you know, to buy the Marlins the deal go down. No, was it really going true? No, no. The fake hip-hop put right on the front page of the front section right under their mast head, and which they have no pride in looking at understand why. 26 past 11 at 560, WQM, you know, people Friday, you best, you listen to me, you just stand by and speak for self-again, you understand? Where everything is held to the high so-fitting standards, the selection is in just huge, it's so-fitting huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And so-fitting surprises on just low, they're so-fitting low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say so-fitting as a beautiful store, I mean so-fitting beautiful. And I can't even tell you, I mean so-fitting helpful. Listen to me. Get the novice so-fitting and enjoy a selection that's so-fitting huge, a stack that's so-fitting courteous and pricey set a so-fitting low, you'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied custom of Frank and Stein. So-fitting good. You set it Frankie so-fitting good. And Christina Moore band, 1132 at 560 WQM, any interest in that resolution by the greater Miami uh oh no, they don't care about that. Just as much interest as there is in the Marlins in the first place, none. In fact, that's probably one of the reasons even though there's no interest in the hockey year, just to make sure that they had to follow the Marlins game last night with the Panther rest of Michigan game, just to make sure that even by accident nobody would hear it. And believe me, I'm sure nobody did. 560, 50560, oh there's so what's his name? And pound five 60 on the AT&T, why the slide? Still the same, still the same old uh, maniac. Where we going? Let's go, I don't better not mention you name. Like, look what happened last time I did. Here's a mobile in a poor neighborhood, Tala. Hello, here. Yes sir. Hey, great show, congratulations. And I would like to congratulate you for keeping the politicians and the rich people and check. I'm never been to a hockey game, I'd be honest. So I would like to take my son on you. What do you say? I say okay. Sounds good to me, I just shot. Aren't you shot? Yeah, where you're, where you're, where you're for offer, you didn't win anything by I'm getting, where you from? I was born near your city, making Puerto Rico. On Puerto Rico, okay, you got a pal hang on. Check the switch blade at the agat, okay? Okay hang on. Okay, take care of our Puerto Reconferential probably be surely to you, but that's all right. Don't take no crap from, okay? That means you only once we got left there, there was 105 dollar or piece ones in the row one, seat 10, section 133 right in the front row. I hate to break the news to you. They are very expensive and it's very prestigious. The only problem is when you sit in the front row, you can't see a guy damn thing. Believe me, see there are people who really want to sit like in the first five or 10 rows of the hockey game. You can't see anything because you have no angle. And so like everything down low, all the stuff happening along the boards and the corners, you're like craning, you're not any still can't see anything, but nevertheless it'll be very prestigious and you'll be impressed there all to somebody. 560 560 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Margate, hello. Hey, now what's up? How you doing sir? I just wanted to be honest with you. I got a little nervous for that guy. Before me here. Why is that? Well, there was a long pause between the asking and the given. Yeah, well, I wanted to do, you know, you scared to hell out. Handelize them a little bit. Plus that's how they might have been Cuban, you know. I'm the guy who fact that was yesterday's fact, but Gigi's? Yeah. Now I don't know if that's the same place that was in, you said it was in date counting. What's Miami? No, no, no, it was not. It was up on federal highway right by the Micah. I am right. Oh, well, that's my favorite feature. It's been there forever. And I don't know what it is. You know, this is a long time ago. This is back in the late 60s and then they disappeared and maybe that's where they moved to. And maybe they went. You used to be like a big tower in fact. I think that's where one of those, not a swing club. One of those topless two inches now. Oh, yeah, you know the lot I'm talking about. Yeah, I think it's in there. Yeah, I think that's there now. Right next to it. Well, I used to be Archstock's playpen in the 72. Right. Do you remember that play? I sure do. Yeah, that's where that place was nasty. But anyway, what's unusual about this Gigi's restaurant, which is unlike a lot of the other restaurants that are in like West Broward. This place has a crowd at like 1130 at night. I mean, there's people out there. That's a way to do this. This town because this town rolls up to sidewalks as you know, it's 10 o'clock at night. That's you and I'm quite incredible. Unless you're downtown in either Miami or Fort Laudail, you're not eating anywhere except the Denny's. Right. But it's really a good place. I mean, we've eaten there for years outstanding. But I'll check that out because if it's the same one, they used to have baked spaghetti. We had it. Would she? Yep. Oh, that was so unbelievable. I know you could just die from it. It was so good. And also to talk about pizza for a second, let me taste something. These people down here don't know pizza for nothing. They, the people that make pizza down here, they try to impress people that are buying it by throwing more crap on it. The more crap on it, that means it's supposed to be the best triple cheese and that you can't even pick the dancing up. You know, you need a spatula to pick it up. It's nasty. Yeah. But um, it's a two. What's that? Yeah, but you see the problem with making pizza down here is the water. It's never going to be like it is up north because of the water. Well, this cheese can make good pizza. Yeah. So how do they do it? I don't know. Maybe they've remitted the ship to water in from up north. Maybe they make it with peri. They might have looked over and that could be it. But you know, all these guys talking about jigs. When I listen to the islanders, Dan Kelly was the man then in the early 70s. Dan Kelly was the man then what he into the islanders. He did. He did. Yeah. In the early 70s, the first couple of years of the team. And let me taste something. People talk about the guys with speech impediments. Yeah, a speech impediment. Dan Kelly? Yes, no. He didn't. He's the cold Dennis potman potbuff. And it was two potbuff. Potman potbanned because that's because it was frog because he was worth a Montreal before then. Well, he called away the Frenchman. Then it was two potbans on the team. There was him and his brother John. Dan Kelly was great. Oh, I agree. Then Kelly was one of the best if I had to pick the half of those great hockey announces of all time he might be in them. Absolutely. And he was in St. Louis too. St. Louis and Montreal. Yes. Oh, he was in incredible. He's long gone though. He's dead. Yeah. If he was fat and he's dead. And a son John Kelly, who's in abortion is in Colorado and just to mix me nauseous. Yes, sir, buddy. I agree with that. Wasn't Jake's working for Fox? I'm one of what's in a great while when I had nobody else to dig a fine on the street. They would put the jigs on her. But now I'm glad we got him. You know, I have totally he's turned me around in one game. Nice job, Jigs. Well, I'll tell you one thing for the very least. He's a recognizable game that tries to this team. Well, I just recognize a well name, but for hockey fans who really know the sport, which is all 10 of us, are recognizable voice. I commend you, or any describes the game and he made it exciting and he was into it. And that was and that was with only 3,500 people in the house to a Knoxville. So you can imagine with a real crowd there would be a lot more exciting too. And didn't he, no, I keep bringing up all these jobs. Didn't he also work in Atlanta? Yes, the amount of flames. You went down in boy homes. Whatever happened to him. He's me. Okay, listen, I can hear the dials are not enough. How great they pal. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 22 till noon. Is there anybody left out there? No. I sure doubt it. 22 till 12 at 5 60 WQAM. This is 5 60 QAM. He criminalized the pot in Florida. That was a hell of a race. You have never heard or seen it. Four years ago, you gave me your nominated to be by press. I've been watching you through that locker rain on television. And then like it after it's silent, I would like the difference for you. The Al Gore version of the locker ram. Locker ram locker ram. Which you like to see it again? I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon, I'm going to the moon I'm going to do the moon, I'm taking up my moon, this is scary, 16 until noon at 5, 60 W Q A M. If he had, I would tell you this. If he had even a minimal person now that he'd be 20 points he had a bootch, if he had like a little bit of a person now that he'd be 30 points ahead, here's Coral Spring.selo. Yeah, sir. I wonder when the Coral is heard, I think it's right, but what I want to tell is, I really upset about something that happened. About three months ago my son won in school or something like that at the Pick 4 magazine. So we picked sports all straight at GQ because he's 15. Thanks, he's got his guy's gift to women. But anyway, if you picked these magazines and he picked Duns and Ammo. Yeah. About 20-1 a half weeks ago, we received in the mail a plastic card with his name on it. Even had Junior on it. From the NRA. There you go. It'll waste any time. Two days ago, I got to do all the contractors. Their model is getting them all their young. Two days ago, I got a call from the NRA asking for donation for asking for him. They get 15 years old. They call them and they wanted to ask for a donation because of the amendment that's up now and questions stuff like that. Yeah. One of the back and everything. I just shut up before I beat the crap that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The other thing is, I think you should take off Monday because I want to hear the ongoing story for George. Uh-huh. And if you have a set of tickets, uh... Yeah. If you're the ongoing story from George, I'm Monday, that probably means we'll be hearing tapes in November of my next vacation. Okay. Well, listen, I hope you and your son enjoy it as long as you now be sure and check your guns at the end. Okay. Hang on. These are the good tickets too, by the way, for this guy. Okay. That's the end of the tickets. No more tickets and that's the end of the calls. You see, every line on the board is with up right now. Let's count the seconds. He how long before those little lights start clinking out. Just like Tinko on a price is right. How's Bob Barker doing by the way? Anybody see an M? No. Don't forget to stop by the IGFA Fishing Hall of Fame Museum Six of Clock tonight. Wes QA and gives you chance to win. That's forward SUV and CD unveiling a Ford New Colossal SUV, the excursion. It wouldn't put the Murray's on it and said, I'm excursion to nowhere or somewhere anywhere. Here's a mobile and Carl Spraying, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing? Did I great? And the LWU's religion is an excuse to kill people. Why not use it to take a day off of work, Monday? Good point. And also, you know, about to gun laws, the second amendment of an RK1, a bitch about it. You know, I'm asking my musking to shut the hell up. Okay. I will go. I'll see you. Five. I'll see that. I'm starting to drop off one here one there. It'll happen because that's the only reason most of these people are on there. They want previous. They want tickets for next edition. And the probably 70s people want even show up at. Am I going to be there? No. No. No. Go to exhibition. In fact, there's a lot of sovereignty. You might take it to what? Because I don't like no empty seats. I don't like those seats to be empty. I like at least the appearance of somebody's in there after all this place already paid for them. I just will have some asses in the seat. Don't like going to a place where there's like a happy crown. It just, uh, it leaves you except those seats in front of me. Let's see our first home game is two weeks from tomorrow. Can you believe that October 2nd? Saturday October 2. We got a lot of Saturday home games, by the way, this year. And it's going to be real interesting to see to behavior of those people in front of me this year. They keep holding those little kids up in a year and waving their arms up in here because this year I'm bringing my muskete. And anything that's blocking my view. I'm just swinging that thing back and forth, kind of like Allah O.J. style. I'm just going to start swinging it in the M. Shetty too. So let's anything up in the year at your own peril. Including your little punky kids and don't be playing a crap anymore this year that got real old and ponders last year and also playing at musical chairs with gram on grandpa. Got the crap this year, okay? Grow up and have a little consideration for other people, even if you are Jewish. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 7, whatever that man. And Pomp 5, 60, on the 18th, while there's a lot of japs that go to the game, jitter and bro, it's a real jappy thing. That's a much they want to see the game. It's just a social thing. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised that we have young keeper services there. Maybe you in a little little snack. Well, you know, they could have a game Sunday night on young keeper would fit right in. They had the panther thing last Saturday right on the air, first day of Russia, Shanna. And of course, sent people, I'm not going to excuse to say, well, that's only they could do it. And I come on here and make the same excuse for them. It's in excuse of okay? Just because Wayne owns the team that happened to be an anti-shemite. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, I'm a minute, Neil. Yes. Just come to us. Why, what is it? What do you got? Like 40 pounds of mush in your mouth? What are you saying, sir? Is this the guy that called me yesterday going to the women like that? Yes, man. Yes, huh. What can we do for you, man? That's it. Yeah, I'm talking about Jamaican talking crap about Jamaican yesterday. Why don't you like Jamaicans? What do you got again? I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm Neil Bay. Okay, bye. Bye, man. No, you sell. That's what you said. You sell and I'll buy. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T line boy. Like I said, I want to be interesting if we started this just for six months. If we tried swapping some of the people we got here now for some different ethnic groups just for a variety, you know, bring a whole bunch of Chinese families down here, bring in some of those pack of standies. Sounds pretty interesting to me. Just a little experiment. We're some Dutch people in here for about six months. Do you swede? Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How do you do when they start? Right. I enjoy your show and you still find my son about the colors calling up. I just want to say to people in South Florida, I said, they do such a job. For the past couple months, two, three months, you can call it up asking ask all the colors for some verbal and other colors on the phone and nobody calls up. And I'll put it so. Oh, yeah, today they're smoking. Oh, yeah. May you give something away. What a sub-job these people do. You can't just eat people off. They call it up and the stories they give you. It says, I don't think that doesn't kind of doesn't get you out. You have over the past two months, you know, I listen every day, 10 to 2 and you know, nobody kind of in the same. But why don't you give something up on that? That's right. Well, I had to say I'm having a period of me. Well, I'll said, pal. Thank you. God bless you. I'll pray for you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50. That's our new line. I love that line. I'll pray for you. Because that's, I mean, what more can you say? What greater put out? I don't want to put this guy down because he was right on target, but nevertheless, if you don't want to put somebody down to say that, oh, searching for satellite signal, I mean, it's pouring out here again, too now. You know, this is getting just like Florida here, you know? This is getting just like soft Florida during rainy season, which lasts from like April, to Lebanon, like God day in November or May or whatever it hell it is. Enough of this crap already. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T while this line. Here's Pembroke Pine, hello. Hey, New, how's it going? Pretty good. Listen to the game last night. I would note that my number to Islander Sand from way back, so I used to watch jigs on TV. I thought it called a pretty good game last night. But it's interesting to hear it. Somebody else mentions a good chemistry with him and molar. I think before was that Eddie Westfall bringing him down because that guy was terrible. Yeah. Eddie Westfall. He was like, he was like, where was the Christina Moore bringing Randy molar on? Right. That just, that never, never worked. It didn't, and also he brought up a couple of good points during the game. Christina Moore never really discussed anything having to do with the game. But, jigs had mentioned something about the new overtime format with the shootout he stated in the light. I hate it. Describe the action very well. And also I was wondering, get your opinion on, well he said, you know, also about the shootout is it stops it from being a team sport. And then it's more like a one-on-one skills contest. You know, the game isn't one that way through if you're a team. Right. That's everybody supposed to be playing as a team. Yeah, but four on four is almost the stupid. It's Indiana. Well, it was ridiculous when they had that oiler rule back in the mid-80s when the oilers were winning all the Stanley cuts every time they was a double minor. What it used to go to four on four before they changed that rule a few years back again. They would always score. They'd have Gretzky and Kaffee and Curry out there. And they'd always, you know, they had to stop them from doing that because they would always score short hands at anyway. But meanwhile, I was curious to see what you thought about the movement Paul was up to play forward. I don't think they tried to score hands. They tried that every year. He's not a forward. It's a waste of time. It's a waste of his abilities. You don't want to do that because of forward obviously, especially that's on the fourth line, which plays very little. And you want him to be out there a lot. If they want to put somebody out there to protect Pavelle Brey, then the laws out of the his defensive period ought to be out there. Every shift when Brey's on the ice instead of saying, oh, we're going to put Peter Warrell out there with Pavelle Brey. That's the dumbest thing. But again, consider the source. The world to think, I mean, he's got the size advantage overlazed, but he hasn't got the skill as far as playing good defense. And he's like, guy rumbling around out there. Paul, if you've got a superstar like Brey, you'll put your other skill players out there. You don't put a guy who's like, uh, whatever he is. Well, you see the same thing, I think, that we saw in Brey first came to the team before he got her last year, and it's going to elevate the skill of everybody who plays with him. It'll bring that line up. And even if he's not playing on the first, they're going to play Brey on the first line of the second line. Your asking me is he going to be on the first or second line? I'm asking him that question. I just don't know telling what these Murray brothers is no telling what they're going to do. I mean, my bench and for Lee Lee he'll be on the first line. Well, then, you know, you want that line to be consistent. Everybody to be playing up to the same par. So, you know, you got to, you got to surround them with good players. Okay. But in any case, I don't want any free tickets. Go because I don't have any. I don't want to call anybody a douchebag. Great. And have a great day. You too. And I want you to say goodbye. 5 6 7 0 5 60, Pond 5 60 on the AT&T, where are those lines? We're hockey intensive. They aren't we, baby. No. Don't forget, we got the Bruins and Pances game here with Jigs McDonald line at 7 30. And then, of course, we're going to interrupt at a 9 30 for the Marla game. And the rest of the hockey game will be on Waxy 7 90, which will carry the whole game. Are you following that? I mean, does that make any sense to any of us? That's the way. See, this is what happens when you bite out more than you can chew. And you got 72 sporting events going on those same time. For example, tomorrow, I probably shouldn't mention this because it's really embarrassing. One of the big college matchups in the last 400 years, Penn State and the Hurcunes at the Orange Bowl. And of course, now that we're the Hurcunes station, we're here in the game. Yeah, but are we going to carry it on the QAM? No. No, not if I'm reading this thing correctly, which I believe I'm seeing because the Marla and contract, whoever wrote their contract, really got this place by the balls. Not only we have to pay a million dollars for that crappy product, which they lost against the AKC, they're seven to the roll. And then now 32 games under 500. But also, they take precedents over everything else, including even the dolphins. Yes, we are carrying the game. What can you? Whatever you were talking about. On QAM? Yes. Or on Waxy. QAM. What are you sure is how would know that look in it this? It's got an parentheses. It says Penn State and it be lying that the Hurcunes on whatever. And you can't make heads or tails of it. And then it's got 330 to seven. And Marla, don't tell me that somebody screwed up on the schedule. Oh my god, that's not possible. Is it somebody screwed up on this guy? It makes the cam make heads or tails of it. Because it would seem to me that not that I want to cause trouble. You want to stay not me. And not that I give a rash ass about the Hurcunes in any way shaped performed because anybody with a brain knows. All right. Okay. It's been closed. Never to less since it's a marquee game. You certainly think that would be here on the flagship station QAM. And at the Marla, we could put the Marla and sing on Waffen. Give them some practice. You want to be guys want to have a sporting event on its here. Carry them all in Arizona game tomorrow. We don't want no part of that. We wouldn't touch it with your finger. Well, there's an FU with the definitive order. If anybody would know it's an FU and there's stuff right behind them. Okay. The Bob's eat wins just come rushing in the door. There they got the revised new and improved schedule. Okay. Let's take a look at it. Let's see if I can make heads or tails out of this. Okay. All right. All right. Look at that. Oh my god. This is better than putting it on on 2800 on a dial. We got to pinch the hurricane game here on QAM. And at the same time we got the Marla and Arizona game on WSRF 1580. Let's hear it. Of course, you know, not a good idea of pushing people down to that end of the dial right now. Four minutes still known at QAM. Hey guys, have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend what's really on your mind? Like when she asked, he needs it to make me the fed. Well, now you can. With the Mr. Haking Method Service. Hello. Hi, honey. I'm here that you're having a little wait problem. You need that right. You got more cheese than a Chinese phone book. What the fuck are you talking about? With the Mr. Haking Method Service, you can get it all off your chest and she'll never even know it to you. My gosh, you're a sister. I can smell it all the way over here. You're a little my girl. You piece of shit. If her ass is getting big, let or no, call 1-800-Hanky-1. Okay, 12-1 at 5-60 WCM now we're down to a precious few on the aboard. Now that all of you pantered to get your gun, I told you. But that's okay. We stole two easy hours today. My school in the old thank you. The edition which I just asked Bluffland's ERS Dean Program Director, what do you think about my taken off Monday? Anyone? Not a good idea. Which I really don't care what his opinion is anyway, but he is right about one thing. I wouldn't be that much of a hypocrite. All of a sudden, it become a... Oh, that's why I take off Martin Luther Coonday in January. Thanks for a nice three-day weekend. 5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood with tickets and 16 questions, Marc. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you today? Hey, I got a chance. I was just one of the few people who got a chance to be in the car last night and listen to, well I'd say it was part of the hockey game except it was all fighting at the end of the second period. So I got to hear Jigs McDonnell call boxing. I guess it was not so much hockey, but he's really good. He's got a great force. He's really... He's got a classic style, classic force. I just love the way he did the game. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. The boxing ball away, bouncing the point. Big drive. He's far! He's far from the point. Yeah, there it is. You know, that edge. There it was. I think it's going to be far. I said he was doing a game basically and I'm also leaving. There's like 3500 people there. So it's not that easy to make the broadcast sound that exciting is if there are like 17,000 people inside. You know, in a lot of crowd reaction? Yeah. Hi, Rob Jigs. Hey, I get a one-ass you question. I know you already gave away the tickets for the exhibition game and I don't want to go to the exhibition game. I would like to. I guess you got to ask. You can't get if you don't ask. I'd like to go to a hockey game with you, and you know, I'd like to go... Can't do that. What do you mean by that? I'd like to go... I'd like to instead of... Instead of giving away tickets, I don't want to take somebody. I want to go to the game with you and talk hockey. No. What are hockey games with you? No. Can't do it? No. Come on. No. Why would I want to do that? When I got my own tickets, when the station buys me tickets? Why would I want to do that? Well, who do you go to the game with? Who do I get go to the game with a friend? Okay. Yeah. Do I know you? No. I don't go to a sporting event with strangers. Unless they look really good. 560560, Pomp, how do you like that? Well, I'll tell you one thing. This guy wants to take me to the game, huh? Boy, does he have a lot of cuts by? 560560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. He were of those lonely guys. You saw what happened in Fort Worth, and you're a lonely guy, high unemployment, punch holes in his house. Nothing more of those crazed loners. I don't want to say that George W. Bush is the governor of a really screwed up state, but it's seem to be a lot of crazed loners in that state. Remember, Harvey Schwartz? Remember him? Tommy Pinto. Here's Del Ray Beach, hello. Hello Neil. Yes? How you doing Neil? Great. Good. Hey, listen, talking hockey now. I've only got parts of your radio station because I'm in my car because I worked out of it, but I heard you earlier talking about they went no Katie Lane from Mike Lane. Without rings back at Bellman. I'm from outside Utah, not too far from you, and I remember Mike Lane on Pittsburgh. We catch it on the satellite. He's probably one of the best announcers in the NHL. One of the top three in my book. You don't have any highlights of him, do you have a bandie? Mike Lane? Yeah. Who? Mike Lane. I'm stalling for time. I can't give you Mike Lane on the man. Here's how I want to do. I see Mr. Smartess in there. I got one that I want to play here just to go and watch me around the kill time. I don't know. I think the Panthers can be a 500 team if that. I think there can be pumped up you know, people are going to be depressed in this year. They still got a lot of panel players. They're about four players short of a team here. I'm a whole deck. Yep. Listen. Yeah. All that brings back memories. And you like that? Have you listened? You see dry will you? Okay. Okay. Anybody? Can I hear already enough Mike? Rainer catching dogs out there and that's bad news. Again. Again. By the way, they had a lot of rain from the hurricane. You know what I say? A lot of flooding. A lot of rains. A lot of people die from this thing. No. You see those two girls that drown the two sisters? The two are dark and collected young girls in the river. They rocked their in Delaware River, I believe. What? Playing in the river. There's a big hurricane coming in flooding. You and the parents need to be horsewip. They need to be put in the electric tier. Just a sudden example. Right on Pan rather than if we can bring down in dry off a little bit. 56070560. Pound 560. Yeah. Here you go. I thought so. From a good close personal friend Dave Halberstam, which is a her to call this morning say the Dan Kelly called the other games he never did. Neither did I think he did. His brother Hal Kelly did one year of Highlanders TV 73 74 on WR Channel. From a good close friend David Halberstam. Nice to go and Dave and great book and two bed that Mike Meo is too much to a schmuck to have a apologize to you for that craft that he wrote. No class Mike may hold the mail. In fact, if I you know something if I took two of his columns to Amsterdam, it's not put mail under fries. That's how embarrassed they would be. 56050560. Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. More misinformation from the brilliant software to hockey audience than Kelly did the islander game. Right. Yeah. And I broadcast the Maple Leafs in the 60s. Right. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Come on. Yes sir. Hey um I just wanted to ask you a few questions about uh you were talking about the newspaper how they cover up things. Uh huh. My name is Harold. Well I have a story for you here in Boker. Well this old lady um she was raped. Uh huh. The very old lady she was raped by uh young man. Uh huh. I don't I don't know where it was from but the halfway I was right around where she was. Uh huh. And there was nothing in the paper about it. Uh huh. So uh uh. Sounds like a cover up to me okay. 56060. Pound 560. That's how I would like to rapist to meet Tracey I've called Tele Voice like that a million miles away talk about craze loners. Look at me. A lot of himming and behind and humming. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's uh my an email. Yeah. My email. Let's try an me again. Hello. Yes sir. I have a comment for the drinking guy that he can call in the arrest and he's on. Yeah, I'm going to make it also by raising the fear of Florida. You know, he's a start to really eat it. You're not racist. You can't take the jokes don't you know, turn the dial. Exactly. If you have no sense of humor, this is the wrong spot on the dial for you, right? Right. And in addition to what he such a start, of course, you ain't even sending all good stuff over here. Yeah. I hear that. I got the thing. Okay, that was great, but unfortunately, it's not quite ready for prime time. I don't think that was beautiful. Clean that up a little bit. Not too much. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. 9 minutes past noon at QA. Oh, a lunge. Oh, you're so big. In a swift bit of thumb. My back. My back. My back. Just like he did, no role. My back. My back. My back. My back. Your career. You retrieve. My back. My back. My back. My back. My back. My back. My back. What's your next wording? And new. here we, your back, more. Yes, 14 at five 60W Center is a great color. It's actually a few things to read and hear all that an especially if you're looking at business exit into the article about the the steady money. Of course, nobody reads that. But there actually are like maybe four or five things worth reading there, day, which is more than usual, month full. Look, and this is much too boring for one year, but I just mentioned in case somebody wants to read a Claudia Smith-Britzon on the bottom of the op-ed page in this morning's arrow. Have you checked food for sugar content you should? And she talks about all the food products and the added sugar, the hidden sugar, and everything from peanut butter to everything soup, you name it. And they're just loading pouring the extra sugar when they're killing America. Does anybody scream into about that? No. Marijuana, that's gonna kill you. But sugar, that's okay because we don't wanna piss off those cane sugar people. We don't wanna piss cane off. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th, and you wanna let's line here's New Orleans, hello? Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Don't talk bad about sugar came when you got a guy from New Orleans. That's your bad timing, you. Yeah, that's terrible. So how's my you? Doing fine. We need to get yourself syndicated. We need some decent wasn't to appear. No, you have to listen to the internet. I can't seem to do that anymore. My computer doesn't seem to work. You have to upgrade me. Anyway, listen, the reason I'm calling is, I've got a three o'clock flight to come into Miami this afternoon. Oh, don't do that. I'd love to see the game tomorrow. Yeah. You got any idea how I can get tickets? To see what game tomorrow. Come on. The only game in town, Miami Penn State. I know you had big hurricanes. No, I'm not. How could you not be? Well, what does that mean? How could I not be? Did I go to school there? Don't you live there? Well, what does that have to do with anything? Wait, let me ask you, does Jim Mandage live in Ann Arbor? I don't know where Jim Mandage is. What I know from Liz, he lived here because he has a big Michigan fan. Really? But you'd civic pride. It oozes from him. No, I have no. There's no civic pride when he over in his town. All right. That's right. Well, good luck to you, pal. Hope you can scalp some. Got caught from the lollins. What? Just the other day, weren't you just telling me about that same kind of person? Why aren't you a cane fan? Oh, yeah. Well, but the five years that I bought my own, I had actually paid for them, which I'd like to have the money back. My own, the Dolphin, the only reason I did do it is because Pat Rich had those great seats right on the 50 art line. So we used to split the pair, so to speak, and every year for five years in a row, I paid for and the set in those 50 art lines. And then we had all these people in front of us, some of them older than I am and some of them, like younger but nevertheless of a variety of these two families. And not just big Dolphin fans, but half of the time, especially before the game, it started to start yet, I had about the hurricane. And all art you have said it about, and I'd say no. And they'd look at me like, what's wrong with you, man? Like I was some kind of like this guy. When it comes to first of all, college football is for the students and for the alumni of that school. Period. It has nothing to do with civic pride. Nobody should be expected to go to a ball game because it has a college sporting event because it happened to be in their community. See, that's the problem. This town is so screwed up. They don't know the difference between professional sporting events, which are for the general community at large. And college sports, which are for the people who either go to that school or did go to that school or have some connection or interest with that school. Let me see it again. All right, okay. Okay. All right. All right. I do like Mark Vanderbilt. I knew I'll play by a play guy that we heard is great. See, we're starting to make some progress on this station now. Now that we're going to some of those some swirl like Christina Moore and like my good friend Dave Lamont who's a good guy, but a screamer. I mean, on the games. So we're making some progress in that area. But I mean, does the ticket genius to figure out? And you know something? I went to Michigan State. I wouldn't watch it in a time machine in State for volume if you paid me by the minute. If that happens to be on, if I can find it on the dish on a Saturday, I'll watch a little bit every now and then and I'll flip back to see what this score is and how bad we're losing to a girl's team and see what's going on. And that's it. I don't understand that. I don't get it. How can you possibly, in fact, most of the I hate to say this, but I've admitted this before. Like last Saturday, it gave me sexual excitement to watch the last part of the Purdue Damien and watch Notre Dame lose. I can't begin to tell you what tremendous tingling I had in my vacuum watching the end of that game. I'm watching Notre Dame blow it a little bit. It looked like they were going to pull it out of their ass again. And I guess they got disconnected. The bat line, the Vatican got disconnected. He was calling that last play. They were sending it in from the sidelines. That's why they had to take that time out. And just at the wrong time, the bat line got disconnected. And the quarterback had all this combobulated and they screwed up the head off and they didn't score in the clock right out second week at a row. And Notre Dame lost. That gave me tremendous thrill. No touchdowns, Jesus. Because their entire sporting program, especially their football program, is obnoxious. And most of the people who go to Notre Dame are obnoxious, not all, but most. Their whole attitude about winning is disgusting. nauseating. I mean, sure winning is better than losing. But their whole philosophy is sick. It's twisted. They're just nauseating people. The Notre Dame people. It make me puke. So yeah, I'll watch a lot of that, especially if those names get in their asshift. They'll be sitting there squeezing it. I'm trying to think of what other college, you know, like for example, tomorrow. I might watch a little bit just to see, and I hate Penn State. I can't stand Joe Paterno, but you know something when the hurricanes are playing anybody. I'm a big fan of the other team. I'm a big fan of the, when they're playing, I love, you know, whoever it is, fill in the blank. Even if it's a team that I hate. In fact, I hate to say this, but when the hurricanes are playing Notre Dame, those very years when they play them anymore. When they're playing, or the, hey, let's go Irish, baby. Touch that Jesus, all right. That's how much content in the state I have for the hurricanes and everything connected with them. Because I already had my, you know, I did hurricane baseball for six years. And we had a good time on the hall to the college world series every year. That was a lot of fun, but I got a real good insight is to what that whole deal is over there. It's sick. It's really sick. It's nausea. In fact, I wouldn't, it's even worse than Notre Dame. And there's no constituency for hurricanes, sports here. It's the funniest of all of them. How many years went by when it couldn't draw flies in that joint? They play Penn State have 15, 20,000 people in there. Now they got a sold out game tomorrow. And everybody's on a bandwagon. Oh, yeah, when they beat Ohio State, then they beat a girl school. You know, that they shouldn't have been playing in the first place. Wait till that type or high game. That's going to be exciting. Although a pipe or high, we've got a better radio station. Here's Charles Spring, Stella. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Is this a ticker broker central? Yes, ticker broker. I was listening to the idiot from Louisiana, and the one thing that he was. And I'm saying to myself the one reason that when you get to Mississippi, you kiss the ground. Not because of the casinos or gloss or anything, is you kiss the ground and Mississippi because that means you're out of Louisiana. I mean, that place is a bit, but anyway, I mean, that's why the colors lose again. Lose around it. Right. I would try to call you to ask you a question and maybe contribute something, but I couldn't get through because of all the idiots wanting free tickets. Of course. I wish we could do that. But anyway, I don't know. You notice I almost never do that. Today was an exciting guy. You don't get to these away. It's impossible to get through and you want to ask something or contribute something. And there's no way. But anyway, that article in Miami, Harold, I don't get that rag anymore. I gave up the give it up a long time ago. But the article in the Harold, who was the organization of the group that voted against the thing for the stadium for the crazy man? The greater Miami and beaches hotel association. That vote. And I'm glad they voted that way. But I, the whole thing is suspect. It seems, well, what does that mean? Well, it seems to me that a certain person that owns the Panther Holings decided to start buying hotels. And I'm sure whatever for whatever reason he was for this and now he may be against it or sway that organization. Anything that he is connected with. I trust about as much, yes, much credibility is a cliff in this right. He's not connected with that organization at all. I mean, he's not on the board of directors. He's going to do it. Well, does it even know? Well, that doesn't make him involved. But at first of all, I think his hotels are like pier 60, 60, 60, I think they're all in brown. Well, in that case, in that case, I rest the show. In addition, in addition to which why would he do that? Why would he want to like double cross a guy that everybody believes he's still in bed with his good buddy John Henry? He would want to do that. Neal, anything that comes from that man, I don't trust. Yeah, well, as far as far as I can go into that anyway. I'm saying, from the paranoid. Well, that's what happens when he's hiding under your bed right now. No, I've got for that. That's what happens when you live in South Florida for a while. We've been comparing all eight and psychotic. Yes, you know. But anyway, I'm glad I finally got through them. Did you put on my direct? Okay. The buggy. Okay. Give way to big kiss for us. Right on the back dome, Paul Sponk. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50, 60, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, how are you? Great. I'd like to pick your brain for a second if I may. I'm involved in a sports trivia contest. And what I need to know. Are you going to ask me a sports trivia question? Yes. Okay. Next 70, 550, there is nothing more boring than trivia of any kind. Sports trivia, especially. But we don't do that on the show. I'd rather give tickets away and I'd rather cropped them give tickets away again after today. But I mean, no. No way. Just absolutely positively the answer is no. And if you ask me again, the answer would still be no. A 50 million times. No. Oh, man. And you're complaining about the people that got the free tickets. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. And you know something? Nobody can answer by seeing what it comes to mind doing for them. No problem at all. But nobody has answered my question. First of all, about the back street boys tickets. Which, like I said, I'm going to explore every other avenue because this place will never come to inform you I know. And if the damn good thing that they did post-pomit because I'm sure I would have been left in the large. But a lot of people have asked me and I don't have the answer to question. What do you do with the tickets from the days that they were post-pomit? They're supposed to be on those tickets. You have to swap them for tickets for December 5th and 6th. It's a very simple question. That's somebody out there must know the answer to for the back street boys concerts. Which are December 5th and 6th. Does anybody have the answer? No. Why not? And where to? How long have my guide damn tickets? That's what I would like to know. One thing about this place. Can't you do anything? Just like screw in. She comes up here this morning. Finally, after my 50 requests. She comes up here and I give her a song to dance about the various clients we got in the information where not getting like nicks or gars with those 10% discount days. Did anything happen? No. No. I mean, I'm sure what it's taken. At least one phone call that's fired out and John Pines was lurking around somewhere according to her. Did he do anything? No. Let me say it again. This is a place where nobody will do anything unless somebody makes them do something. And in most cases, nobody will make anybody do anything. You name the department. Sales, engineering, programming. If you picked an department unless somebody holds their feet to the fire, they will do nothing. And they like it that way. And for two or three months, I went along like they had kind of in Lala Land, Guildi, you know, kind of, you know, talking to me into that. And I was able to survive for a while like that. But then you finally reach a point where it becomes, you know, goes a little bit too far. You're doing a green apple quick step because you just kind of like a lost too many steps. 26 past noon at 5.60. WQAM, you're how do we do a station for the 90s? Harakai, f**king boat! Say... Yeah! Everything... I feel things we sing... Like the seas, but me... But tell me... We swear with 90s. Oh! You won't be allowed to spend a night. Take your take your eye. We don't let... We swear with 90s. We look like kids, and we live inside. We sing like a bunch of people I know. I'll stay. Our agents says we gotta stay. We swear with 90s. Our biggest friends and 12 year old girls. So sing for us kids and we... Yeah! As they get older, they all feel proud. We're hiding our latent sea. One thing is for sure, again. Man, make your way through the window. Why right now? I want the deadly sky. I don't want to do the station. I don't want to say. We think that we have better faith. We need faith in the day. I swear with 90s. Okay, 12.32 at 5.60WC. So here's the good news and a bad news. It's just like I anticipated that they'll honor the tickets from us to Timber whatever the original dates were that the account of the Consid Scott Council. The bad news is do I have any tickets to be honored? No! I have nothing. Have I heard any more about it? No! Do I have any confidence in whatsoever that kid carries going to come through? No! And he's tickets. You see, this is the thing that really astonishes me. Remember the day that Greg Reed, which I... I'm reluctant to even mention his name on. You're sent to his invaders to another beasley read the corporate meeting of a bunch of bullcraft sitting around with a bunch of bozos. Come us in here and oh yeah, remember that? He's going to get me tickets. Front row, front row seats. Doesn't mention that the government from Power 96 and King Curry. He's going to do it. So he's responsible for this. And of course he's nowhere to be found. In addition to which he's talking, because I told him the other day to get that out of here, I was going to redo a show that one sees that we face. Another empty promise. Another bunch of bullcraft. From a man who tells tales, even Walt Whitman's never saw these of grasses, tall as the tales of this man tells. Five, what ever that means? Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wallace line. Here's more waterdale. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good sir. And I'm supposed to be taking my knee to that factory who is concerted, which I was in going. Anyway, I remember last week, he was talking about that. Different kinds of places. Different kinds of places. Different kinds of places. Different kinds of places. Your thing does marijuana places. Can police. So on and so forth. There's license plate. Police. License plate. Police is. My PM saved. Just got a ticket for $65 for having the sticker. In the middle of the her life in place. What kind of DS is that? Well, just sticker, man. That's what I would say. 560, pound five, sixty. Too many kinds of police is out there. Banned. It's real. Oh, man. Stay out of those police. That's right. Bad police is five, six, seven, oh five, sixty. We're down to a purchase. Two or three calls on the board. They want to know why? Because we able to free tickets away. Everybody else got their tickets. But when it comes to my tickets, which I love to have now. So I have some confidence that I'm going to be able to go. If I got anything at all. See in a reason that I should have been really saying. I kept asking because I'd not that I don't trust anybody by a ride in which I don't. I kept saying, which they are they for? Could anybody tell me? No. Like dummy up, just be grateful for getting you anything. And they didn't. And if they're honoring the tickets that were for before and I was really going to get him. I'd have them by now anyway. Wouldn't you think? Wouldn't they normal logical? Yeah, sure. I'd have them by now. They'll be like us giving away the tickets for tonight's exhibition. Panther game with a Bruins and say, oh, by the way, we'll mail him out to you. Well, the game is tonight. Yeah, but we'll mail him out to you. Maybe they'll get there someday. And if they don't you're all proud of how they got lost in the mail, do you know how that goes? Maybe the ticket polices are intercepting them. Here's a citation, hello. Hello? Yes. I knew, um, going to your book of actually board concerts. Yeah. Yeah, we talked to you before and you said you had front road tickets. What happened with that? I said I was promised front road tickets. I never actually got them in my hand. I thought out. Uh-huh. Yeah, well, I was going to tell you that the tickets that were going to be honored for December 15th. I just got to sing that. Uh, did you? That they're going to be honored for December 15th. December 15th. Yeah. All right. I just wanted to let you know that. Well, I don't have any of those. Well, that's thanks. You should call somebody in Brazil. Okay. Thanks. All right. Have a good day. Bye. Yeah. Call the ticket polices and raise some hell about this. Okay. By the way, do we get any answer from kid Korea about this? No. No. You know, he's one of those people he's lucky. I'm really, I'm really, I'm manic. You know, one of these a good guy next to he's an asshole. Because the same thing happened last year when he got into the screaming round thing with Rob, what's his name Rob Kaplan from Miami? When he were blasting the music down there in the second floor. Well, I don't give an effibilty around your show. Or busy. Or busy blasting music here. Oh, he said was who the hell are you to Rob Kaplan? No, that, but then afterward, he said, no. No. Yes, he did. I don't know. You have a very bad memory. That's exactly what he said. Rob said we're trying to do a show in there. I don't give a whatever about the deal. You know, about Neil. Screw him. I'm sure Rob made that. You are such a little suckhold, you know. What do you want to piss the man off who's holding onto your tickets presumably? He doesn't, have you seen any tickets? No. Have you seen a hider here of him? Why would he lie? Was he able to tell you which day they were for, or what, for four? And had been yet that. Yeah. I'm getting to have them. I don't think I've got to have them. The one good person on that station is my good friend, Shvog Griffin. She's somebody who solid, solid is a rock. And Mark mostly who ain't really on that station, but he just thinks he is. He's a good guy, but other than that. Is there anybody else worth a crap on that station? Am I leaving anybody out? DJ Lazz, who's that? Do you have pimple with a limp? I don't know who that is. If I'm a jade dog, little guy, could go. I don't know who that is. It's a nice people. You see, he's another geek like the Igor in production. We got more freaky people around here. Speaking of that, Matt Flood was fat below was the limp and around up here when I came in this morning. When I came up the elevator shaft would dump. Yeah, we came up the shaft together this morning. Well, he was pretty excited. He was at Gary Sarnas Sun's brist last night. Here's their field beach, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you today? Pretty good, sir. Did you watch the MTV Musical War, right? Yes, I did. Who's the blonde kid? What was his name from the backstory voice? Nick Carter. That dude sounds like a total flaming guy. Yeah. I'm, did you hear him talk? I mean, he does sound gay though. Yes, he does. He's like a high, is he like the soprano in the group? He's the girl. I mean, the guy, yeah. Well, let me ask you a question. What do you want him to say? What do you want? The front row tickets. No, I would not. Not with him. I heard a rumor he may have some. I don't care. But you don't, they don't, since you promote the backstory voice more than you report anything else in the world, don't you think that they might come through from now? No, I do not. If you're ready to say, you know, they don't need me. And our new one, we're just an AM radio station that doesn't play music anyway. That's why power 96 is brother. I got ticket to the answer that it. But isn't that the same company though? It doesn't make any difference. They don't share with us. We don't even exist. We're like, underly. They don't even basically talk to us because we're AM. Even though we're building a lot more money on an AM station than they are on FM with all their ratings and all their big signal, they don't talk to us. We're just AM people. That's horrible. We only want to face to me is my good friend, Bob Griffin, other than that, they don't even even look at you. Okay. All right. Now, just a kind of curious. And leave Nick alone. Okay. Okay. I was in the cloud about a half an hour ago listening to you. Right to them. Nick Carter has more talents in his right code than you will ever have. And he's not a pineapple head. He's still a fact value. Yeah. I see his right to. Okay. Sweetheart and news. Very talented. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 5. 6. 7. 9. 15. 6. 7. 58. 7. 7. 5. 6. 36. 8. 7. 13. He's yes. 5. Let me say again Charlie's extended the a neo-rodger especially mentioned 2 a m or neo-rodgers of anything under the Sun that has to do with us and then lock $300 off to break it $800 price of that great looking natural hairline system All right, this is cheap Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than neo-rodgers and And I don't know what you would always feel sorry for people who are making millions of millions of millions of dollars. You know, screening about poverty and they don't have got two nickels to rub together. Too bad. We got Steve Nichol. I was thinking about Steve Nichol yesterday about in Cestuous relationships and radio stations and all they always turned out virtually always turned out to be the zester. Not a good idea to craft where you eat. That's always been my philosophy. Don't for you eat. Always turns into a real nightmare. Look around here. Look at all the mammoth problems that we have. Just gigantic proportions because too many people around here have screwed around. And too many people have naked pictures. That's why this place is basically in limbo because too much screwed around and too many people blackmailing their way and do permanent jobs. And I was thinking of Steve Nichol. Now what was your name? Which one? The one that took a shoes and powder. And left pound. Cisid rod. The one that took a shoes and powder. 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And then of course there was our friend Sheryl and Mitch Weenie. The chief engineer. Did that work out? No. All these insuptuous relationships man. It's just not good. Not good. Not that I'm giving anybody advice. Doesn't work. Here's Papa No. Hello. Papa No. How about pressing the button? Here's Papa No. Hello. Yeah. Press the button dude. Okay. They have a two-up to the service the other day. And there were three more cycle cops with the radar coming out. And I slash my lights. I'm coming to us again. Good citizen would. Yes sir. And they pull me over to the rest of me for a few drops of justice. Yeah. Well, Tom, the blowin' up the rest. Thank you. There they do that. No, we've had many of those. You know, if you're smart, if you're a good guy, you'll flash your lights and warn them about these. Speed traps because obviously it's not the kind of law enforcement that we're paying our tax dollars for. I mean, if you're diving dangerously, if you're jeopardizing other people's lives, then we encourage them to pull you over. Then it's great. But all this speed traps stuff, 99 and 910% of anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail. I've reused this as a tremendous waste of tax payer money and public harassment. Just like the other day, when they took the tolls off the turnpike, which they finally got back on yesterday afternoon, by the way, they finally got around to get in the toll people. I was my good friend. So be it by the way speaking to the toll booths. That was one of the highlights of my day scene. Red here at Sylvia there at the Jorabi Stadium. Whatever they call it, place now turnpike toll booth every day or just about every day. Haven't seen her in a cool cage. Shouldn't have said cool and zed, that's what they got working in there now. We're still be a god dammit. So they were losing a revenue from that. So we had a feeding frenzy by the FHP. If there is any organization in this state that needs to be dispended, it's the Florida Highway Pigs. God are they a waste of tax money. All they do is right business. That's basically all they do. 560, 560, 560 on the ATT, 8 to wireless life. Here's my 10. I said that on purpose. Yes sir. Neil got it. What's happening? Hey, a couple of plots that's in that hurricane. Yeah. No traffic. The traffic change. It was a pleasure. No road wrecking, which is great. No tolls on the turnpike. All the houses are bordered up so there's no breaking in or in crime. It's the most been now 9,000 percent. Yeah, it's better in burlabar. It really is. More attractive. It was a beautiful thing. It's a church shooting and fort worth. A few of the people there had claimed that they thought it was some kind of skit because they're planning something. Yeah, they always say that every time you hear the same thing in a school out in Littleton, they said the same thing that thought was a comedy. But what kind of skit about guns? I don't know. I just, or guns in a school. I just mean. Yeah, who skits? Not good. I keep in mind where it was. I thought one fanter game last year. And it's all very square of great goals and unbelievable player. Right. First off, forget he's not playing any exhibition games. Not that I want to screw anybody from going tonight, but he won't be playing. Hey, speak of that game. Yeah. Any tickets left? No. 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line tickets are a long gone. Let me say it again. The tickets are gone. They're gone. They're history. We had nine pair. We gave away nine pair. Nine from nine leaves. Oh, none. And you win. None. Just like the tickets I'm going to get to the back of your voice. Concert from this place. None. And you win. Did Blossom and T take care of that by the way? No. No. Did Skrewand take care of our problem with our copy this morning that she Waddled and hearing gave me her usual meeting out the approach to life? No. No. Because nothing happens here. I'm going to tell you. They can have a goddamn volcano when they're pants in this place. And nothing would still happen. It is impossible. It is in a movable object this place. He's working on it. Our engineer. He's working on that thing with your TV set on a new thing. Well, I intend to think he's got a part coming over there from Bob McKay's uh... We're going to pull it out of there and stick it in there someday to get to Rhonda. Here are these are and the best part of it is these are all very simple things. I mean, these are things so simple and so basic that a child could ask the questions. You know? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Clear up something for me. Which one is Nick? If he's a little tiny one or he's not a little tiny one. He's not a little tiny one. He's a one with a blonde here. There's five kids in the group and there's only one with blonde here. Just like I said before, he's the blonde kid Nick Carter. That's him. Isn't there two blonde? He's not interested in you. No, there's no well two blonde kids in the group. Okay. Sorry. You lose. Better go do your back steep boys home. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. There's nothing worse than a bunch of screeners. Let's just like that concert. I was up there a while in West Palm and you're going to go in the morning up there. And Woody, a graper is a cruel sky amphitheater that grow test place. Nothing worse than a bunch of screaming queens. Oh, gee. I just want to see those five beautiful boys. And I wanted to dig a hole in the ground and crawl in there and never come out again. Only that we wish that they were beautiful. Then I might have agreed with them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, now full to be 98 degrees. I would have said, how are you talking sweetheart? Stop being such a flamer. Okay, pal. Here's a lady in Pembroke pine. Hello. Hi. I'm kind of confused. You're maybe confused about them. I'm confused because you complain about people not getting anything done and promising you think some people that have no money. But you will, the other hand, have the means to do things and have plenty of money. Why don't you just go out and buy tickets yourself? Because you are no tickets available. No, they have tickets ticket brokers. Always have tickets. You just don't want to sell out the dough. If you love them, don't buy it. Because I'm a cheap skin. Well, we all know that. I don't understand why you just won't sell out the money yourself. Because I was promised to take it. Does somebody promises you free tickets? Are you going to go out and buy them? No, but you should know. If you have a thing, it's $10. And if somebody promised you $50,000, it's $10. Say that you know no one's going to do anything. So why put your trust in these people? I don't. You have to blame. You have to be never. I'm not at all the blame. As much as I like them, I'm not spending $2,000 for a pair of tickets to go see them. Well, then that's what you got to do. You got to sometimes you got to do it. You don't want to do. Why don't you send an end video to the fanatic? You ever think of that? Do what? Oh, a video tape to fanatic. For battery boys. Get yourself on it. Oh yeah, right. Why don't you do that? No, because they're ugly. They're ugly. I'll do it for 90 degrees. Okay. What about in sync? Oh, god. Oh, god. There was breakfast. I didn't even eat any. You know something that was a match made in heaven. That new single I got with Gloria Stephon. In the stink and Gloria Stephon. Oh, is that a that's a perfect match made in purgatory. A group and a young lady who couldn't sing their way. Not so young lady. Couldn't sing the right of a paper check. If you stuck a gun in there. Right. Oh, is that a great match in stink? Now, I'm sorry, not maybe you want to spend a thousand dollars a ticket. Go ahead, be my guest. I don't think so. I'll pass. I'll pass. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 2, 3 out of open lines for there. And I want to have minutes to go to the hangover show with the Jimmy. We could be special Johnson at five o'clock. Kelly will be out there. So I guess he's decided to do that routine on a home game. I guess whatever that's all about. He's going to be out there being the doing a pre game show. Or I guess I'm assuming since it says that right here at the National Right, the Santa Center before the Panther Recivision game with a brood. Which will have the night for you. With the great gigs McDonald, my school. Oh, the game will be on waxy, the entire game. It will be on from 7 to 9 p.m. here on QAM because nine o'clock. We got to go to the Marlin Arizona Dina back. We're pretty embarrassed by it. We're putting that game on surf on 1580 tomorrow. Jack Mark's station. How do you like that? Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, yellow. Hello, okay, Hermit. Yes, right here. How you doing, Neil? I call her one time, I'm holding up. Yes. You like with me, get like her. I love them. That's true. Have you heard me say Alejandro Fernandez? You got to know. No, all man. Maybe your producer has such a girl. He's good. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. Nobody here ever heard him. Oh, he's grave or they have to take my advice. I listen to one of these songs. Okay. All right, senior. Okay. How do you, Mike? Alejandro Schwartz. I don't know what he said. Don't start that we don't have it anyway. If we, if we had it, I'd listen to it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, p. 5, 60 on the AT&T, Warnless line. 600 open lines here to weigh of any more tickets to give away? No. No. And as far as some young bitch calling here, give me a lecture again. This is getting really pondress, you know, getting lectured by these righteous women out there. Who are the first ones to free load any guy dancing they can get? The worst. You know, there's how many women I had in the first 40 minutes after I mentioned a hockey game this morning. Usually we don't get that many women in the whole show every day on a show. But once we got something to give away, all of a sudden, they're all coming out of the woodwork. They're all so friendly and they love me. Now that the tickets are gone, now they're calling the bitch me out. Because I'm a cheap prick and I don't want to spend 45 grand to go see the guy that in back street boys. Here's a four-lanternial, huh? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I know how we can put the F-8B out of business. Yeah. Nobody goes feeding for about a year. Does everybody go out of business? Yeah, good point. Hey, you know how I did this. If I need to slow down, did you see the perm ring show last week when you was in the gutting with the flamingo? Yeah, that was a repeat, I'll be a chat. I just started writing it and you started writing the perm ring. He was from the head to the guy in the church. I heard that, heard that thing. What happened to the truck? That's my man, Tom. Hey, I love you so Neil. Thank you, Dave. See you. I missed the show last night, Dave. Did you see it? Was it a repeat or something? Repeat. Oh, good show. Well, the old stuff like the dead guy. Oh, yeah. Yeah, thank God. Because I forgot all about it. How can I forget about the time green show? Thursday, that's all you live for is the time green show. So thank God it was a repeat again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's call up Neil and bit your mind for being such a cheap bastard. Let him go spend his own goddamn money for tickets and stop a being such a jackass. Okay, good point. Excellent points, we've heard. Yeah, I'm real cheap. Just ask anybody that a biologist got their meals for not to mention any names. What a cheap bastard. I am. Of course they aren't always the best. They stuck. Yeah, right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. I can't say that anymore. How do you like that? I keep saying TD. 1256 and 5, 60 WCM. Are you a star bun to two hour? Hi, babe. And you baby, Jean. It's El-Shoume. It's the no-j-com the hell at all. How many people are there? How many people are there? How many people are there? How many people are there? How many people are there? How many people are there? How many people are there? How many people are there? How many people are there? How many people are there? How many people are there? How many people are there? How many people are there? How many people are there? How many people and all countries here? How many countries that are there? How many countries in each country All countriesắcritory And some people who are there They are so scared How many are there in the country? Are there instinctaries where? and you may be young. 101 at 5.60 WQM, you know as much as I like the back-speed boys, I must confess that such a large number of their friends are not just young girls, they're in a lot of young girls. 5.60 WQM, you know, I'm a 18-T Wireless Line here's Weston, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Are you today? Great. I got a couple things for you. First of all, that woman was only upset with you because you gave away all the hockey tickets for she can get at me. Yeah. And in yesterday's paper, did you happen to see the article by Jose Lennberry, the naked truth about browse under cover cops? Jose Lennbeet. Yes. That was the same article that had the Euric Sanchez had can die at the beginning. Okay, just want to see if you saw it. Yes. That's all I have. Okay, thanks. Great day. Okay, don't do as we do, do as we say, but that's the same old tire thing that nobody got their cares above. You've been conditioned to it, just like all the shootings, just like all the blood and guts in the dyes and the kids on stretchers. You've been conditioned to it. You accept it. And there's nothing I can do to change it. You accept it, you know, better you than me. That's all I can tell you. This is not a way for civilized people to live. 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. So when are you going to give away those back street boys tickets? They're calling for that now. You can't say the word tickets without them presuming. Who's them? Them? Who's the female? A female? No, straight men are calling for back street boys. Don't start that crap again. Who else? Female? Who else? Who? How do you like that? Women calling in for back street. Okay, we got 10 pair of tickets for the December 5th back street boys concert. First 10 colors here. 560 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Not. Here's Miami. Hello. There's the line 8 syndrome. Okay. Let's hear it. Oh, getting some relaxing on that phone system. Are we around us, joint? No, we're not. No. No. No. Can any action on anything? We're getting some lip service. Because one thing about this place, baby. Everybody in this place, they have not only one, but two sets of red. That's right. That's why you get a lot of lip service. Not much else. Just talk. 560 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the mobile and for waterdale. Hello. Neo. I think you know, women at color are so good. Heart drive into vagina. 560 0560 while you out of no pal and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. They got this good blue stuff. They sell it to drugstore. Kills crams too. Here's the Pembroke pine cell. Pretty good. I think I'd like to out the on the line 8. But anyway, one to tell you, first off, you know why the hurricane are so terrible. Does it mean look at look where it is? It's in Miami itself. I mean any other school in this country is so much better than that. Would you agree? What does that mean? Well, I mean, what does anything mean that you just said? I mean, it's Miami. I mean, of course the school's going to be terrible and everything like that. Who said the school was terrible? What are you talking about? What is this? Go to the sucking qualiselle. What this is? I think the answer very clearly is, yeah. Yeah. You're boring, sir. You're terminal. See, there's nothing to me. Well, I won't say there's nothing. But there are a few things that are worth to me that people want to just repeat back like I'm like a Periq, like a minor bird. Just repeat back what you've already said. Just to appreciate themselves and suck around. Okay. So, what are the second pal? Has nothing to do with a neighborhood? Do you have any stand on its own? Regardless of where you put it. It stands on it on it is what it is. It's L'Alan for spoiled little rich kids. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. And like I said, the sports nerds that those dolphin games, who thought they're just because I was at it dolphin game, naturally I wanted to be into with them about their hurricane. Those people need a lot of bottom easement. Oh, what a breath of fresh air. It is to be able to sit in a home and watch and piece the games without being in the middle of that crowd. And they got, they got their headsets on. You know, they're there with their Sony Walkman and they're like, well, you're right there on the 50 yard line. What in the world could you possibly need a headset when you were to goddamn ball game for? Unless you don't understand what that was going on. What is that all about? Here's a mobile and crawl spring, so, though. Any other calls for tickets to the back door boys concert? But I just got the amount of time. I was so, that's okay. Maybe next time. Okay. You know, the thing with the shootings in Texas. Well, one of the most absurd things that exists in this wonderful banana Republic of ours is the fact that if you wanted to buy a bottle of wine from the state of California, how to chip into you, the liquor distributors have been together to buy off a sufficient number of state legislatures to make that crime a felony. Whereas if you want to go out and buy yourself a nice 38 special, there's no problem with buying that and having it shipped into the state. And the rationale that they use for is that they don't want kids to be able to buy liquor online. So you know that this stops every 15 year old from buying a $75 bottle of Cabernet, solving young to get his state wasted so he can get in her nickers. But God forbid they should prevent a kid from buying a 38 special that he needs to protect himself in school. Just another case of the gun lobby having everybody in their brother and their father. I'm going to talk about by mail those kids in Denver where we're too young to buy a cigarette or too young to buy a bottle of beer, but they're rolled enough to buy a gun. Yeah. You're working, I've been way man. Well, supposedly this guy in Texas bought his guns at a flea market. Yeah. Great, great society we live in isn't it? By the way, I'd like to point out to you including this next upcoming break. We're still running spots. It is done show even after the slaughter we had in forward. We don't have to come in decent sea to you know, like most any place else would a post bono spot or to cancel over something like that. They're still running at that show spots. That's weak. On our horse station, okay sir, God bless you. Take care. We'll see you in the next few days. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18-t. I mean, it's just mind boggling to me. The fact that screw-and-win, exturd here this morning with a real pasty look on her post acting like she really was concerned about these things that I was asking about that I was upset about that we need to do something about and I told her and did anything whatsoever happen. No. In the last three hours and eight minutes. No. Nothing. This is the place where time stands still. And our program director has got the best of intentions and the talks of her game. The problem is everybody laughs at him. Nobody plays any attention to him. So I can talk to him about 50 million things. He can have his little checklist and tell me about all this. What's working on this and that one's working on Uranus and so on and so forth. It means nothing. It means nothing. They're not calling for those tickets, honey. Please tell me now. You haven't been watching and that's what they're calling for. WCWM ticket central. Hi. I want to talk about the back shoe boys. Yes. I don't want to take it to. Okay. What do you want to say? I want to talk about AJ. Thank you for your video. And Tom Green. Yes. Is that cool? You're on now. Um. I think the AJ should be replaced by Tom Green. What do you think about that? Oh, there's John P. There's a... Why is that way the hang on a second? Why is Todd Rex standing in a background? Is this a new vlogger like that we got here? John P. and Todd Rex. Like everything's a big joke. If you buy spots on this station, I want you to know that our sales department considers the big joke. I just heard a rumor by the way that those two are going down to Waffen. That's the rumor. That's why they're not taking care of any spots. That's how it always is. Guys start slacken off when they're leaving and moving to another joint. Probably those two guys that enjoy the two live Jews there. Mid days on Waffen. They're the ones that are starting that crap. Because anybody that even planned on staying in their job couldn't possibly slack off even in this joint like they are. And what were you saying? I'm sorry. Hello. Hi. Yes, I'm sorry. Go ahead. I think Congrient sure it plays in you. No. Why? Because they would make a mockery. It would make a fuss. As much as I love Tom Green that video about his bum and his dude. Yeah, I agree that was stupid. That was really a two long two. But what's up with AJ and we're in Britney Spears shirt on this video? You've seen the video, right? So what's wrong with that? What's going on with that? You've done this in addition to what he's already got a girlfriend. You know? So. AJ. I know. I know what she is. Yeah. You mean if she's in this mother group. And. No, I'm just saying. I don't like what is so good about the back she boys that you loved them so much. Why are you worried about what shirt AJ is wearing? What difference does it make? No, it doesn't make a difference. Thank you. 560505060, pound 560 on the AT&T. Where I'll sign. I have to like their music. I know all these other things about the shirts that they wear and about Nick's toe and about his hair. I don't care about any of that. None of them are in the least been interesting to me in that way. Not even marginally, not minimally. Not even a little teeny weeny. 1. 10 past one at 560 QA. I'm Holly. Oh, god. Yeah. Ever wonder what happened at the British super group of racist groups. Lots of people thought they'd find these run out of ways to rip off the beans. Not even close. Onlysis is back with a new CD that's like nothing you've never heard before. It's Oasis. Don't let it be. Be united. My way. On a dimwax. Oasis. Don't let it be. Give you a chance to listen over and over again. Who in front of real original Tom's work there. I'd like to be. Meet the service of the ocean. In an eight-on secret. Just cultivate your batch with you. Oasis. Don't let it be. You'll move you. It will sound you. It will make John wet and spin in his grave. And that's a conclusion. The love you receive is directly proportionate to the love. You demand. And look for no parameters new solo LV Happy Highway on snowboard records. Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Ah, ah, ah. Oh, ah. Ah, ah. Oh, ah. I'm here running a high-end, We've been my name all along. I'm looking for a house, I'm looking for a house, But I'm in the second town, But I'm a taxi, I'm paying for a ride. I'm looking for a house, All the other half, I'm searching for a ride. I'm looking for a ride. I'll do people to be safe, Please, come on, You're the best, We're the only guy to be safe, And we're the best down to town, You can make it a ride, And that's made to the town, And that's a ride, I'm looking for a house, I'm looking for a house, You're looking for a house, You're looking for a house, I'm trying to find a house, Woosek and I can start using the respectable way to come-on! From a low, and offense side to a little KEVIN's哥, We're the biz, Our arms here will see a bin, The crooked face Hall you love, The day I'll be out of the screen And every time it's down You can make your eyes turn down And say, you're not under the line Oh! Yeah! Oh! Oh! Your dancing Jesus! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! You'll catch a secret You can't see No! Oh! You'll be out of the sea Every time it's down You can make your eyes turn down And say, you're not under the line Oh! Oh! Oh! Jesus! You make your eyes turn down And say, you're not under the line Oh! You'll be out of the sea No! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! whether they get all excited about that. But generally speaking, 95% of the time with music, if it sounds good, I like it. And if I don't like the way it sounds, I don't like it. Who the hell gives a crap about these people's personal lives? And do they take it up to you? Correct, I mean, what is that all about? Now, I will make one exception. We know about Ricky Martin, of course. That damn sack, I can't stand it. And in his case, we'll make the exception, because he just makes his nauseous and sick to our stomach. So we finally get from John Pina, so thing here. It goes to sure that guy to call the other day, which I was very reluctant to believe him and his usual I was right. Every two of the end Wednesday is the 10% of the discount, mentioned Neil Orcheway M. Well, now, if Neil Orcheway M, see that penis is just thick enough stuff in there. And pretty silly, it'll be other fan, because that's where he's going to work is what I hear. And every Friday, including today, with every two cigars you buy at the regular price, it makes you get a free cigar. Now, they don't have a spot going right now, but I put that on, you're only because that's the least they deserve. It's some little accurate information in the guy to call the other day about the 10% discount, that was just an O-John Provocatoric, like after you get just a bullcraft artist. Number one, yours. Here's a lady in the Cooper City, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil, how are you? Great. I want to dedicate this to all the backspieboy stands out there. Yes, ready? I really love how to brag about my husband, the dude, who's back. So wait a minute, it was not better than more in Hillsong, but one album of beer. Yeah. Was not, I don't know why she won. She's the disgusting. Isn't she? I'm so human-createn, she makes me ill. She makes me sick. You must have naked pictures of all the people that voted for. Yeah. Exactly. Bye. See, great job. So we are finally, she made up for all the other bitches that we heard from now. I mean, we heard from some nice ladies, one or two, including what was her name that I gave the hockey tickets to. The lady from Argentina, sorry. Dory, that's for you. Dory, you're okay in my book. I quit picking out Scott and Ellen, be okay. He's doing the best you can. Anything all that good, but he's doing the best you can. He's a good guy. Here's a Miami, hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Listen, I wonder if I could come over Sunday and hang out with you and watch the football. Yeah. How do you like that guy, huh? Oh, that was funny. What's been you going to a hockey game with him? That was real funny. Oh, God. That was the reason I forgot that. And the gun spots that you're playing there. I know you're going to go out. Yeah. That's ridiculous. That's ridiculous. That's ridiculous. Like I said at the end of the show yesterday, it's a source of enormous embarrassment. And what can I say, except these people ought to put a red light in the window downstairs? And one more thing, you didn't mention it yesterday. I guess Hank told you about a tank with pitching a bitch two days ago. Not yesterday, about a 13 minute break. Oh, my God. He was having a fit. I don't blame him. And who can blame him? 13 minute break. It's like they keep giving us all these roadblocks. All these impediments to try to jump over. And then, you know, and then bitched about the fact they got a little limiter competition now. A crazy people. The grave robbers. Good, a great show, Neil. Thank you, later. But like I said, and then I guess Hank had a call a couple of days ago. Maybe it was the same day that he was having his nervous breakdown. Some old fart, one of those craggy, you're out. And I think I got to pay you and ride yours all the big money. That's why they got to run all these spots. And his Hank accurately told him. And any show that's run on the 13 minute break is obviously paying for itself many times over. Just like this show is it has been since the first day I sat my fat ass down here last to December almost two years ago now. Making a fortune for these bastards. The problem that the reason that they got to run all these goddamn spots is because they got to pay all the money to John Henry and Baldi. That's why. I've told you that as they in times, just like Hank told you, it's the God damn truth. They're like an albatross around our next. And even when I was back on IOD, I told you that was going to happen. All spots radio. Because when you give it away millions and millions and dollars to the rights to games like the Marlins that nobody in the world wants to hear, then your name must be Gregory. Eeeeh. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Good show today. Yes it is. It's like the little kids. The new of the 90s. I can't stand them. What? Actually boys. The new to all? The new to the 90s. No. Another decade of the glam boy rockers. Okay, whatever you say. If you don't like it, I like it. I love them. I think that's right. But that's how I call. I want to call and talk to you about the same out in Texas. You probably listen to Limber's biscuit. No, hate them too. Okay, that's good. Now you're more and more until like the aerosmith Tom Petty. All right, now you're talking. Now you're talking. The older the good bands that you used to play. Make their own music, play their own instruments, you know. Right. Musicians. No, it's gone about Texas. Well, today they kind of like play with each other. But anyway. And I want to first say that in no means that I am a condoning, what this lunatic did. But wasn't about a week and a half ago, the Baptist National Convention came out, and how the convert Jews at the pamphlet. And what does that got to do with shooting a bunch of kids and then people and I'm certainly not saying that, but I don't know. Well, so what is why even bringing that? I do not judge what you've each other. Okay, okay, whatever you say. Like I said, he don't like the back street boys. Okay. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. I think it all kind of fit in together. That collar was perfect. It ended right where it started, you know. At least Steve Tyler out of it. Okay, he doesn't deserve to be lumped into the ball at that. Yeah. Okay, thanks to you all, whatever you're doing. 1, 30 at 560, WQA, in 567, we got 600 open lines a half hour to kill until Hank Oldberg comes in. Hank gave a story yesterday, greater Miami in the Beach's Hotel Association. Now one call about that today. Folks unanimously, again, given one more red penny for building up a goddamn stating for Johnny or anybody else. And in Miami here, old instead of putting it on a front page, they have the 6000 other stories they've had on there trying to propagate and dive in pedals to the public and to put their hand in your pocket again, where these tellfistic John Henry's hand in there. They stick it way back on the bottom of the business section. And the business section with a small article, like it's a minor story. And when are the rest of the media, one of the television people, when is there going to be somebody in this town besides the NIS guy named Radio Station who says something, that anybody listens to or pays any attention to? This is a goddamn disgrace. Bottom of the front page of the business section, and all these other stories have been on the right hand upper side of the front page of the front section. You know, the one that everybody sees the front or even if they don't buy the guy damn newspaper, here's a mobile in Miami, hello. If you outlaw hurricanes, the one these are more hurricanes. If we outlaw cars, yeah. And if we outlaw assholes, they won't be any more like you either. Here's Carl Gable, Salah. Neil, God. Yes, sir. I want to ask you your opinion given your expertise in radio and broadcasting. Yes. What does it take for a band-like step to make it on the airway here? I mean, I heard them, a friend of mine brought me a CD from London, and it's just as good or better than what's out there right now. I mean, what does it take? Is it payola? Is it promotion? Yes. I mean, can I take some of these star-planers music? They're good, they're damn good. Are they good? They look good? No. No. Well, what's that got to do with who the hell are still in music now? Looks so good. Oh, that's true. He's such a ricky martin. We can't stand her anyway. I mean, him. Oh, I'm an upchuck. I'm going to take me. Okay. I'm looking to hear from my steps single in ahead. Well, there's John Tennis by the way, who's going over to 1700 cell aircraft station, who thinks that that midday show is great. Who doesn't know a good thing when he's got it? You don't like one? Well, the rest of the sales department loves it that much. Well, I'm hearing the scuttlebots. They think those two guys are really funny. Yeah. This is the show. This used to be the show when we had some copy. When we had some clients. When we had some credibility here. I'm sorry, that's what we don't worry about any of the bug just a client's part. You know, if she comes in while I'm on the ear, you don't dare come in here while I'm off the ear because I might actually say something. Like what a schmuck he is. And used to be a good guy. That's the sad part of it. He's been here too long, John. He was, uh, he was the one. I think they infected him. Yeah, he's been infected with a QAM sales virus. He used to be a then good guy. And now, uh, he's an asshole. Right. I don't know what happened to him. What a transformation. He even took that guy down 98 degrees CD home for his daughter, which proves that somewhere. And then they're also one of the back street boys concert. Well, when it comes to this place, it's like a disease. It's like everybody that bring in here if they were here. Is it they stick around? That's why Scott's work's got out before he got infected. It's like being in a leper colony. You know, if you stick around long enough sooner or later, big giant things are going to start protruding out of your cheeks and your back going too. Very sad. It's just amazing to watch the way that he's just gone downhill and downhill. It's trash. It's like watching the deep. It's like watching the physically generation of Jeff de Flores. And watching away from he came here as a spelt. And that, you know, tremendously talented guy, but nevertheless, not a bad guy. Slim trim kind of boring. Look at an owl of a son. He's like fat. He's like red face, pudgy faces, eyes are bloodshot. Must weigh 600 pounds naked. What are disgusting top end is and looks like like I told you before. Like one of those losers that hangs around down there by the rail at the racetrack. Kicking over losing tickets looking for a hoping somebody through away when and ticket. You know those guys? You want me talking about? A lot of cluster green shirt. So yeah, here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hi, I was talking about all the people that were calling up being mean about the back shoe boys. Go get learn. Have a. They are so jealous. And think suck. Can I tell you something by the way Carson daily on TRLD watch MTV? Yeah, Carson daily is going to burn in hell because wasn't yesterday was the day before the second day when a new single was out that I just played. And it was number one on TRL for the second day in the role. And he and when the thing ends he looks in the camera and he says number one on the TRL. What? So he says I thought to myself, we know that you like limp but risk it and that crap. But who the hell are you? And like they show us about him who cared about him. People are allowed to have their own opinion. Right. The pack of the call in all these uppunks that call in. It's up to them to decide what number one out of him. But actually I have a single from when they were in Germany. I play a little bit of exploring some actually play for a second. I'm going to see if you can see. I'm going to see if you can see. I'm going to see if you can see. I know you don't have to sell me. But you know what? I'm going to see if you can see. I know you don't have to sell me. But you know what? I wasn't back to you boys. What was it? I wasn't think. Yeah. And you don't like and think? No, I hate and think. You just said you like them. I did not say that. I said that and they're back over the phone. Maybe they're good on the phone. You just think you like that phone. Yeah. I hate and think. I just played that for you. They suck. They don't suck. They're very good. They're going to be really good. They're going to be really good. Like one of the curly blonde head of Spursley here. He sucks. But anyway, have a nice day. She played it on a phone. You know, she's holding the phone up to her thing. I'm going to be like, you know, you silly little women, man. It's very sad. You don't like their music. You're obsessed with them. And of course, the thing about in sync. They're really ugly. I mean, they're gross. They're good. They're good. They think I wouldn't be upset about it. I like their music. But they're gross. Turn on to a grudgroop sweetheart 98 degrees. They can sing and Nick and Jeff both look pretty good. There you go. I'm going to go back to the old bag like me. I'll turn you onto something good. Let me play. I do. I'll play that about four times. I'll get a son of here. Because I do like them. A lot. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Davey. Hello. Good afternoon. He's one of those nerds that calls up in both for in sync on TRL 400 times. Yes, sir. How are you today? Great. Just want to talk about the shooting. It's a lost battle because about three calls before the guys. I don't say it's the right thing to do. Yeah. Why would anybody bring that up? What does that got to do? Is though they had it coming or something? Unbelievable. That's the people out there nowadays. More than than like a big joke. And like I said the other day, while we've been Santa for years, the public has so de-sensitized to these things, the now that a few hours have gone by. Nobody even cares about it anymore. It's just another one of those news stories that makes her a little news for a couple hours. Right. And as far as the 13 minute break, that station, I swear, they advertised for the hurricane and the effort. FAM, you gain two days after the gain last week. Yeah. You know where they have to get the last, every last sentence. We just can't get all the spots in before the game. We probably have to run them on the game as over. Sally, they advertised stuff after the after effects. What happened last day? I'm back to it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. Why does that mean? I think we're ever going to get a real phone system up here? No. No. That's probably why I'm taking off. Yeah. I'll tell you one thing. Our program director's got some real goods, but you know, some real nerve. She's got some real nerve to be told me that, you know, you know, it would be hypocritical of me to not work on Monday. Maybe I just got religion. Maybe all of a sudden he came a lot more Jewish. All these other people around here, I'll guarantee you. So maybe I don't put a goddamn Yarmuka on. I'm going on the pace so I can go have a satir, which is that's never excused. Would you excuse to drink a little wine and eat? I'll eat bites for bite with any Jewish building. I guarantee you that I'll eat Deli. I'll eat just as much kishki as any of these Jews bastards in here put together. And defolash me if I question you out today. Why is it always you bastard? Have you ever noticed how those two words go hand in hand? Although. But I get it back on our whole deal about satir bills. Yeah, that's, see? It's not only you bastard. Why don't you go back to Canada to you two bastard? Well, like I said, that's the wrong one. How about why don't you go back to Cuba you expect fast? So the Jews in the spirits maybe do have something to comment. It's your ain't for skin. 560, 705, 60, pound 560. On the 182, Arnold's line. You know something this, what happened to that was a really interesting thing because it gave me it inspired me. You know what's going to start happening? Starting on Monday. I'm going to start losing copy for all John Peanuses accounts. And we'll have to start scratching them all out. Uh-huh. Payback is a bitch. And we'll just say the water Nazi told us they called the day and canceled. There. Maybe it's no water Nazi. 20, well I tell you, the other day I thought when we had to stir my thoughts somebody parked in her parking spot. Maybe she's driving a different vehicle. You know what if somebody parked in her space? Won't see them no more just like Polly. In fact, I did see her taking a leak out in the woods there. One of the worst things that can happen to anybody is coming home from work on a Friday afternoon and Or waking up at the middle of the night realizing that your air conditioning is complete. It's on the fridge. It's on the blank. It's out. It's history. Can't you just picture that? Can't you just envision the water Nazi taking a leak out there in the middle of the woods? Well, right behind the condo out there next door. Call the experts in there around the clock today and schedule your seven point checkup. Now, provide your system from breaking down when it's 110 in the shade. Which you almost died a year long here. Probably 1995. Calm down please. A train and two to. I think we're going to get through this. We'll be at the rest of the end of the show by the time I get through this thing. Probably 1995 a train certified technician will give your AC you know they can play through it. I'll just don't keep your house cool and your electric bill is low as possible. They're the best baby. They did it in my house and they'll come and do it in your house and for your AC you know, Do your home or your office. And don't forget if you think of it a putting in a brand new unit. Call air around the clock for a few seconds of painting on the price somebody else gives you because Let me an Eric and he's easy. What are you doing in there? It is a pretty interesting image. Like I said they're good. Aero around the clock and Palm Beach calls for E3957799. 3957799. I'm proud call 742 5544 or call Broward Information for Air around the clock. And guess what it's a John penis account. This is 560 2AM. You go back to know your actual watch best. If you grew up watching the mucus then you'll absolutely love this latest version of the Lane Jim Hansen's Master Creation. Hey, that's pop it. It is safe. Burton Ernie played Dick and Stitty. Bulliature is dark in here. Yeah, I know. I'm good. That thing's right. Get some air in here. Oh sure Dick. Big bird is astronaut Peter. Oh hey, there's a hair in my mouth. Elmo is astronaut Rod. Oh, he's not surprised. I don't know. And Mr. Snowball obviously gets it's the hilarious astronaut's song. Why keep stepping on my big hair? Can't show a whole crew is they guide their missile of love to the outer limits of the universe. Will they walk in powered payrolls? Five or once? Never make it home. It's a little smelling in here but I kind of like it. Don't miss the glorious out of this world adventure ever. Man's toughest in space. The fight is a fight. 145 and 560 WQM. Stop by the IGFA Fishing Hall of Fame in the museum that I did. Six o'clock is QM gives you chance to win a four SUV and see the unveiling of four brand new colossal SUV. The excursion. Oh, I'm just worn out. I'm just this has been a draining experience. Especially hearing that instinct thing over the phone. See they've been a can to get here or way back in the other room there. Yeah, it's great. Yeah. See you told me. They suck. They sucks sweetheart. They're grow test. They're nauseating. I hope they all be low but glory is step on anderug we husband. Here's a mobile in four Latterdale. Hello. Mobile in four Latterdale. Sounds like he's got the phone in his rectum. Okay, sorry about that. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Let's try candle. Hello. Hi Neil, how are you? Okay sir. I have to agree with you. Back to you boys are much cuter but instinct. Think that they were cuter. Well, I think they are. Who cares if they're cuter? I know but instinct they have they just don't have a look you know. They say suck. They can't sing. I know. Okay. So we aren't they can't sing. What's up in Coliseau when you do? Okay. Two calls left in the morning. We got 14. That's the killer. Guess I could play 98 degrees a couple of times. I do think I might. I'm going to have an 0.560, pound 560. Kind of bring the shorter way. Screech. You hold. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey how are you doing? Okay. That was the back street boy that you played a couple of segments. I can't believe I'm saying this but I actually liked that song. I thought it was pretty good. Larger than life. Yeah. It's a good song. You know. The videos really good. Well, the problem I have with groups like them and like especially boys to men. Who the hell likes boys to men? I can't stand these sappy stupid love ballots that they do there. But they're not romantic ones. They look at each other and they make the faces. You know, the most controlled crap of everyone. I don't know how anybody could not like I do any red blood and heterosexual guy wouldn't like I do because they the redal girl was in there like with her big gigantic melons hanging out. There's something in there for everybody. I have a team of videos. That's true. I think I would be seeing a different tune. I mean even George loves that video. He could do it out the music part. But he likes the video. Trust me. Okay. And also about the spots on the end of that. What videos are supposed to be for a little bit. Tint a lighting if I can say that. Exactly. About the spots. I agree. The spots on the banks so unbelievably long. But one of the reasons I think you're so successful is that your spots are shorter and you do those songs afterwards. Like I want to hear the spots because I don't want to miss the tune out. What do you want to mean? So maybe Hank's there to play some bits. Exactly. I don't know if he played his cards right after a 13 minute break and played a couple of bits. Then he never had to say anything but hold on goodbye. Or even do the farting noises in the spot. That's crazy. I laughed right here. That's why I listened to your spots. But I don't forget about those great gun show spots. Exactly. But you know, I was somewhere but I listened to Hank so I sit there. And I don't want to sit through the spots first of all. I go and listen to any guy to defeat a buyer and butterfly him. Come back. That's just about the right timing. In fact, when they could listen to the guy to defeat a guy and the car to the park back to back. But we know I sit there. I can't let him go. You know what if they had competition. They better be glad to have competition. Right. Yeah. They've been looking up for him. I hope they get there. They get there and realize that they're turning keep lost. Okay. All right. See. Well, that's what happens when you step into a bucket of what he said. Right. And that's Greg Reed. And he didn't pretend he knows something because you locked out here because he was able to buy everybody. Spending other people's money, you know, when you spend the, uh, Beastlies money and his wife's money, can buy anybody you want. The only problem is that he's spend money wisely. No, because you gave the money to win in John Henry enormous millions of dollars that I said, are choking his place unbelievably they're gacking on it. They're gagging on it. This places building more than any station in the market by far were building millions and millions of me and still were just burl- That's why when it comes paid, we got to see if the little squirrels are in the bottom of the check to see if it's okay to take it to the bank or not. That's why George is still waiting for his bonus from the spring rating book. Now that we're willing to the summer book, of course, it's almost over. He's waiting for the bonus from the spring book and so are a lot of other people. So let me say it again. God bless, Norm Kent, because we wouldn't have written it in gold in platinum in my contract. We'd be running 85 minutes of spots in our here. Now it would also get my bonus whenever it had a felt like it. But you see, let me tell you this, and this is the truth. Mark this down. Okay, just like Wayne like Baldi, Todia, only this case it's the truth. The only way that you can get these people to do anything is if you have it written in platinum, in pure platinum. That's the only way. If it isn't written down, if you can't threaten them with a lawsuit and hold it over them legally, they'll just look at you and like, oh, well, we'll get around. Oh, I want because that's their number one expertise. The area of expert is lying. They lie like champions and why the hell not practice makes perfect. And then if you say that there are a bunch of liars, they get a real uptight and psychotic. Oh, they're indignant. How dare you say it like it is?