positions or the feasly broadcast career now. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 565QAL. Okay, I was in the fun about a half an hour ago listening to you. We're still on Nick Carter has more talents in his right code than you will ever have. And he's not a pineapple that you still pick back, Baguette. Ladies and gentlemen, my name's Louis Bagel. And this is my son number five. All right. All right. One, two, three, four, five everybody likes to eat corn, beef, and I like like Bagel's into poster, but I very have only had my cheese is really not kosher. I love some to fill their fish. Our good tonight's dinner like my fish, Yamagas, Marina, Casio, and Maxa. I eat cep-lock, it's kinda like pasta. White fish, and the meat, but leave the pork, lots of big, you gotta use the knife and the pork, my your my. It's also lemme eat it, but hey, the lunch is so poor you can't really lock the hand of garlic on last night. Oh, it'll be the castle is all I have. Oh, we make the mids, but I have. I'm open to my angios like my day. The last is not a much too much to eat, do you? I only like a big, oh, mids on tree. I'm on the same as that, turn my daddy's stand. I like to go and see Bob, let's slice that. Oh, yeah! That'll still find 50, WQ, and what a ton of funny, this is boys, this is not a funny, or what, man, or man. I gave a sitting ovation to Danny Boy yesterday. When he finally got sick and tired of those stupid questions, he got up and walked out. In fact, I gave a sitting ovation to any of the sports nerds on his radio station who finally in desperate the exasperation one day, we'll just get up and say the same thing. What a bunch of stupid jackass questions, and just walk out. Just walk away and discuss. I was going to Danny Boy. Danny talked to us about, I mean, here was one of the great games I've seen in years. Okay, so they lost a game, but it was for me to sit through an entire NFL game, even though it's at home. An entire game from kick off to the very bitter end is like, because most of them are so goddamn boring. It was simulating. It was one of the most entertaining games I've seen in about 200 years. Well, Donnie and Danny talked to us about what it's like throwing the Tony Martin. Ah, what's it like, passing gas in the middle of the third quarter when you start getting real nervous? I wasn't like standing there helplessly on the sidelines. The time is running out. All the other team is kicking the winning field goal. And Danny says these questions are so stupid, but of course you wouldn't know what it's like you jackasses and he walked out. Nice going, Danny. Oh, stick it to a baby. I like I said a bunch of phoneies who last, you know, last week. Oh, he's done. He's finished ripping it up and asked, I'll say it again. And people in this town don't deserve Dan Marino. They don't deserve anybody great because they don't appreciate him. Half of the people in this town, what have you done for me lately? Like in the last five minutes. Now all of a sudden after he has that great game yesterday, brings him back and almost pulls it out. Now all of a sudden he's great again. You're good. You're so cute. You're okay. We hate you. We love you. You just can't make up your minds. Very sad. Sorry, Danny. Sorry that they don't appreciate what they've done for him. Okay? Because they're a bunch of ungrateful bastards. Nobody knows it better than me. Oh, by the way, I want to correct something. I don't know if I'm correcting or not. I just don't like him bad information especially about health. Remember that book by Dr. Rowe? What is it? McCallie Colffin, Kilmer, or whatever his name is? And the business about private call and the so bad for innocent. I don't know. Maybe it is bad for you. But Dr. Rowe, a dick doctor, or a Bob whatever his name is. Dr. Dick got me back on private call because my cholesterol last time about a month ago. It was 255 and my LDL, which is the back cholesterol is 190. Wait until you hear these numbers. You're just one month. My cholesterol down from 255 to 178. Oh, the van cholesterol, the LDL down from 190 to 114. Oh, it's lowest bed's been in years. And my triglycerides down from 131 to 87. Thank you, Dr. Rowe, dick, dick doctor. I just go on baby. So I'm sticking with my private call for the time being. Maybe we'll kill me. But at least I got that cholesterol nice and low. So John Pena's comes in this morning. Let me just tell you about my back feed boys experience. Can I tell you about that? So anyway, I'm assuming last night I'm going to the concert at the macarina. And I stay here all weekend. I mean, I could have gone out of town. I could have gone almost anywhere. I got to tell you a lot of this festering dying sewer. But I didn't. I stayed here all just waiting for last night. So yesterday afternoon, I'm Mozi into my room. And I go into my little box there. I got my important stuff. And here's the tickets for the concert. And they say Monday, December 6, 730 at the Yenta Center. The back feed boys. And I thought, oh, by the way, happy anniversary. Happy birthday to George and happy birthday to Tracy Nealy. You shared birthdays with Tracy Nealy. I worked on a couple of them and Rodney Baltimore and Richard Stuck and Richard Spirthate Nicholas. Yeah, yeah. So George had a good turnout by the way on Saturday at my place at Primko, relatively speaking. Well, I'm compared to what he usually gets, which isn't much. Well, seriously, had a good turnout. There were people buying the best in the, do we sell any CDs? Oh, yeah. And he changed the course going like Halifab in Jerusalem. Really big, went over big and we raised about 12 or about more for center one. I was going, guys. So when you call that, it was George happy birthday. Give him a big kiss or not. All the way understand that he's carrying a lot of very dangerous. Yeah, all sorts of bacterial logical things from that place he came saying enough. So anyway, John penis comes in this morning and says, Oh, my God, was that a great concert or what? And of course the newspapers, you people in the newspapers, you pseudo intellectual assholes. Nobody is ever good enough for the people in this town in the news, the critics, the reviewers. Nobody's ever good enough. Every time Luis Miguel releases a new album, the pseudo intellectual music critics have to rip him especially in the hero. Because they know why I love Luis Miguel and he's the best in the world. And so they got to rip him out while it's he's dead and he's dead and his concerts are like a lot of things. And so the same with the Bancreat Boys concert this morning, here's the hero article by Lila Koba. Lila, I hope the bird appeared. I stick to the head in your back, never comes out, okay. Bancreat fans agree, boys are larger than life and it goes on about to Kevin to this and nick that that and was set up and so on. But it says the group handed so shamelessly to the audience, you couldn't help but cringe. From that point on it was all a non stop frenzy of athletic dancing on a multi-level stage. Explosions, costume changes, some more flying. But these are the addicts that make it so very hard to look past the boys' benier. Finally, everything is so overdone it becomes a caricature which is a shame. Since Lila, Lila, whatever the name is in the hero, it's a caricature. See instead of just sitting back and enjoying it and saying, hey, this was a lot of fun and they really are consent and the music was great. And whatever, instead of doing that, it's like, oh geez. We've got to cycle analyze the whole thing and react to everybody else. And then in the Sun Sentinel, with a much bigger review, here's a couple of screaming girls on here, screaming and shrieking with their cameras. Joanna and Carly from Miami both 18, 18. George, getting out of that target demo. Anyway, and here they've got it all and it goes on and quoting this one and that one. Here's like two articles, not just one, but of course, Sean Pickoli, tickoli, tickolino. Which means a little penis and a tad in picolino. Right, at the end of this article, it says boys' music, the headlines, as boys' music is like a light snack. But what's wrong with a light snack, huh? What's wrong with a light snack? Is it always got to be like a big meal? Oh, I always have to gorge on something big in gigantic. Oh, what's wrong with a little light snack? That's what I always say. It says the boys about a doubt have an able team of pop songwriters turning out their hooks. But they are not musicians, they are ambassadors of the global monoculture that turns, funk, hip hop, pop rock and rap into one sweet digestible dessert, served on a very extravagant tray. One hopes the audience will grow up and learn to appreciate better fare. How do you like that? So all new people out there in the audience, they don't like the music that I like. I hope you grow up someday and learn to appreciate what I like. Is really what Sean Pickleen or with little penis is saying. One hopes they'll grow up and learn to appreciate. And John Pena who looks very grown up to me from ourselves, the permit, he said it was great. And he was begging me, begging me for the tickets for tonight's concert. I said, come on, he said he stood here at big shamelessly. Oh, and of course this is the guy who's always saying, oh, it's always for his daughter. You know, like Lee J. Cobb and he actually says, oh, I lied. It was for me. Remember he asked for the autograph from what's your name? What was your name? Reagan's mother. Whatever her name was. Come on, come on, what's your name? I forget. I don't know. But anyway, I lied. It was for me. And that's basically what John Pena's saying. They had picked her receipts. He said, was sensational. He said, that was a show. I think he would probably go back alone and sit in both seats. He liked it. I think he's probably in the 1980s. He agrees to think, oh, he's got those daughter for a cover. You know what I'm saying? You follow him? I think he's probably going to go back to the studio. So anyway, I'm going to give away my tickets for an honor. Because I have more important to pressing things that I would like to go and see. But sitting in the middle of 20,000 little screaming girls. No, I just couldn't handle it. To invest and even for an old queen like me. So I'm going to give away today. Even though I said, I'd never give anything away in the air. I lied. Ten, well, I work at this station. I should know a lot about law. Ten past 10 at five, 60 WQM. I've lost. I don't know. I don't know that. All of the American government on the water company. We are trying to do. Thank you very much. Oh, right. Oh, right. The way to win the game is not that it's over. I'm going to return to the world. I'm going to go to the world. I'm going to go to the world. I'm going to go to the world. I'm going to go to the world. In the office there's a guy named Melvin. He pretends that I am thirsty, bro. I want to know. To stay on the way, he will stay. Whoa, man. I know everything. Until the white is out of town. The leader of the world. Into all of us. We can trade. Like my dollar. But on some high chains. And join the parade. And walk it out of the place. It's under way. Yeah. It's under. It's under. It's under. But it'll be under a close. So, panty go. Walk it out of the way. Walk it out of the way. Walk it out of the way. Walk it out of the way. Walk it out of the way. The best place to stay at 5.50 WPM. Happy to look at Mary. Happy to be here. Happy millennium. All of it. Good stuff. Okay. So, when we are set up one total is 70,000. 755. Which is disappointing. What it is. And it's the 6th of December. We got like 25 days. We have four weeks to go. Last year, we raised 150 grand for a set. We were going to get the first week's pots. We were going to have to send the CDs back because they were all screwed up. You know what I'm saying? And last year also we had a couple of extra major big appearances at the shopping malls that we raised $7,000. But this year is ourselves the department available to do that. No. No. But our best is CDs and cassettes are on all the spec stores. All 17 of them including over in the West Coast and four miles. And you can call center one all the way to get into that. But nevertheless. Well, you know, she says one thing I have a whole bunch of people including at the hockey game event coming to me saying, oh, well, I know all kinds of people that have waited and waited in order to keep chains and they still still haven't got them yet and getting really frustrated. But you can call center one or order those at 954 563 3600 or just go to newarages.com right off our website. Newarages.com and you can order any of the good stuff from center one for our fundraiser this year, including the key chains. 70,755 all of these things may great gift ideas for the holidays too, by the way. And usually in December is when we raise a gigantic humongous amount. George did a great job at that. What was it, Franco? Saturday 1720 bucks. Not bad. Here's the good news by the way speaking of music. And I predicted this. I told you it was just another passing fan. I mean, like real. I see him and now you don't. How's that Mars lunar lander coming? Anybody heard from them? No. What was it? $165 million something like that? Or is that a small number? What if it is? Hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars. People are going to starve to death and freeze to death on the street to this country this winter. Your kids, some of them in date county don't have textbooks. Some of your kids aren't getting lunches at lunchtime in school in date county. And around the rest of the country, too, I'm sure. A lot of your kids in Broward are going to portable classrooms in a port of potty's, posing a school classrooms. And we're wasting hundreds of millions of dollars. And here's all these people in NASA sitting there like this, twiddling the thumbs. Have we heard anything yet? No. No. Anyway, the good news is as far as music is concerned. Lanton pop crossover is what it says in a hero today. Nice going by the way. I like the way they put into print. That was Q, P F F T. Like that. One of the years, most hype trends appears to have run its course. Thank God. With all the respect to my good post personal friend and Rika, who my love, but nevertheless, it says in Rika Iglesias and Rika has first English CD on the giant interscope label. They've used a surprisingly low number 42 on next week's Billboard album chart. The entity is particularly disappointing considering the album and already unleashed a number one pop single by Lamost this summer. Enjoyed previously exposure on TV. And even as 1997 Spanish CD Viveer managed to debut on top 40 without major label supporter of the crossover help or pass over help. And Iglesias isn't the only one in the crossover parat singing to blues this week. Albums by Mark Anthony. Oh yeah, there's a guy that Mark Anthony. You know what they say about him. You can't think for shit. Right. And Jennifer Lopez have vacated the top 40. Even media darling Ricky Martin. You can't think for shit failed to capitalize on the hearing of his first network specializes in six month old. The Economist English CD remains out of the top 20. Thank God. That could news or what. So it was a nice one there for a little while. It was a big fan. But like I told you just a fan just a passing fancy. Just go back to recording your stuff and espionage oil and panoring to the same people you always said. And if it's good they'll bite and if not they won't. Just in their inspiration. Especially that Mark Anthony crap. I mean give me a break. Oh. Counts think for shit. God. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I'm going to go to the bathroom. Okay. I ordered a key chain to the mail. And it took like six weeks to get there. But it came and there was no volume. It took six weeks. Yeah. But it came and had no volume in it. It's very, very low. Yeah. So I sent it back. Oh, I'm like God. I'm never going to get it back. Got it back. Right. I got it back in four days. Uh-huh. So that's good. And it's just one better. Oh, it's great. It's fine. All right. So like three of my friends wanted so they're going to order them. Great. Excellent. Thank you so much. Thank you. It's going to be a better week than last week, which I'd say. And much. I noticed by the way, looking at that trend that ratings trend, the QAN basically vanished from the air in October, according to people on arbitron. I think there needs to be investigation. And the federal and the other needs to be, yeah. It's one of those bogus months when the entire audience for the whole station just vanished during the month. Have you really analyzed it? Are we buying that? Oh, no. And then, of course, technically last week, we had a week here that I wouldn't wish on Hitler and Martin Borman put together as it just keeps getting worse and worse and worse. I think we'll find out this morning whether the phones are working or not. Now that I'm going to give away my back, these are front row seats. These are being scalped for a thousand bucks a piece by the way, and I have a pair. And it breaks my heart and not to go because I love the back three poisons, you know, but nevertheless, sitting in the middle of 20,000 screaming girls on a Monday night is just not my cup of tea. You know, George might want to go and sit in the middle of 20,000 screaming little girls. I'll face the other way, especially if they're over 14 or 13, especially if they're over 12, but nevertheless, he ain't going because I'm not giving him the tickets. So what we'll do is just to like we usually do when we do these on very rare occasion. We'll just do like a drawing, you know, anybody that wants these like for their daughter or for their, I'm sure it's not for the people in our audience, huh? Because we don't have any little girls listening to show the role in school right now. They should be. I mean, these are worth a thousand bucks of pop. Front row. Row A seats nine and ten right there in the macarine at seven, three night for the back door boys. And we'll just take like names in the phone numbers and then later I will give everybody. Don't forget give Molly a number. We'll kill a couple hours with this and you'll have to pick him up here at 2 a.m. Because obviously the concert is too nice. I'll let we could put him in the mail if you wanted to do it that way, but I don't think so. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, toll 3, 877, 785, 6345. 877, 785, 6345 and only by the way to people who want to speak to me. I'm not going to do this crap. George has already had people calling off here. Do we play that game? No, I can't stand people to do that. People that don't want to talk to me. Have nothing to say to want to even suck around a little bit. I think there's nothing wrong with we'll suck around. Especially after what I went through here last week. And I'm going to try to avoid talking about that because I tell you Friday for me was about. Close to his gladisement. The pints would say the end of the road for me and this joint. I mean, it's just unbelievable. They just don't get it. And look at that now all of a sudden every line in the board is working. Well, thank God for that. That's the good news. Okay. That's good. That's a good start. Is it going to last? Oh, probably not. I think last week of all of all. And we've had some Iraqi weeks here in these last couple years in this radio station. Last week was a new low when you just factor everything in. Especially after coming back off that great high. If I do work, can I say high after being an Amsterdam? I can't even do it. Yeah, drugs. There you go. Drugs again. Okay. I admit it. Not. Why, what, first of all, I would I deny that because it's legal. See, that's the thing I don't understand. It's legal. That's the irony of it. I go to Amsterdam and legend them, go in there to do drugs. And yet the people that we have here are doing drugs. All of them, George, are all a smoking weed, which of course is not a drug. Anyway, but the end has you and the heroine Cougat. And we got half of the people in the morning show out in the hallway rolling around with the needles. And there are arms right now. Yeah, that's right. Half of the people from the morning show, Tommy. I're rolling around in a hallway right now with needles in each other's arm. They're rolling around. They're rolling at the back. Oh, yeah. With needles in each other's back. Oh, Marm. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, it's one of the ways that that's five year old postures go back to Cuba. Okay, great. Not talking about Cuban sir. Are we talking about that? No. No. I'm going to keep my word on that by the way. I'm not interested in that. And I'm interested in Fidel. Fidel says, oh boy, you're better given back when it's 72 hours. I'm going to fart real bad. Yeah, that's what he said. And the wind's going to be blowing in that direction too. And you'll smell it. Yeah, he's a real fart smeller that to know. I'm not interested in talking about that. Don't you understand? Oh, that's funny. Redneck accent. Don't care. Don't care about Cuban. Don't care about Castro. Don't care about Cuba. Don't care about Indiana. Rosalina Rosanna Dana. Don't care about either that crap. Like I've said before, and I'll say it again. I'm going to be the great emancipator as I try to defy this community from this crap. This news around our next. Don't want to hear about it. There's plenty of other kids all over the world that this believe he helped. This could look pretty healthy to me. Don't look like he's going to miss any meals. He's got more guy than attention than most of you will ever have. Papa, papa, papa, papa, front page of the newspapers. Oh, Fidel makes a big. Yeah, so what you're going to do, huh? Yeah. He'll shake his finger. He'll shake his finger and blow off one of those big cigars. Right in your post. Yeah, one of those cohebos. You're going to stick in your recto. That's right. We're shaking in our boots Fidel. Not going to talk about it. Well, I was an interesting start. Maybe nobody wants these tickets. I don't care. Makes no difference to me. It's fine with me. 26 past 10 at 5. 60 W.K. W.M. Don't give my queen. God. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Eloy. Eloy. No. Yeah. Without you. Without you. Thays... Take your pride Because men In these days In the day Withlegly light You can tell your마 You sing like a Jeering You are 자연 Our agents says we got to stand Yes! You say we're not gay I'll be just friends of well-year old girls To speak with FQF and D. Yes! FQF older than they all figured out We're hiding our late hands See! One thing From here onabbard may be hurt Or see No Is for our beauty Made your dream And the world Quising I swear with my gay. That 32 of five 60 WKN here's a Fax from Ron who not a bad attentive humor but he's got his dates wrong. So as greetings from Northern Michigan, did you hear about the Black Japanese guy who won every six to December attack Pearl Bailey? Yeah, that's not bad. The only problem is that it would December the seventh was that, well, maybe he's also got his dates mixed up, you know? Whatever you say. So John Pena says the concert last night was fantastic with sensational. And here's the guy like in his 30s, right? How old were you say he is like 35? Yeah, very well. Who allegedly has a daughter all over the world we never seen her. That's the word. Yeah, how old is his daughter? 10, 11. There you go. Perfect. See, I gave you an opening and you just ran right here. Sorry. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Uncle Nio. Yes, ma'am. I'm so upset. You're not going to go to the concert. No. I would love to take my daughter to the concert. Yeah. I thought you'd be happy to go see some good looking guy who's shaking their booties and being half naked. Half naked. That's a guy that's a game that's the dolphin's lost. It's just, you know, picking right back up. Yeah. I was ecstatic over that. I sweeted myself several times after that field goal. 53 yards by the way. You think I could get those tickets? Well, no. We were going to put you in for the drawing. I don't know if you're going to get him or not, but I'll put your thing down. Okay. So why so then why are you upset that I'm not going? Because if I was going, then I wouldn't be giving them more. Because you found me all excited to go. You really made a challenge. It was going to be a great honor. It was going to be great. You got me in the show. He's a daughter coming to the concert. That's right. So hang on. Okay. I'll take your stuff. Well, she just ought to control her. Hahaha. It's where her daughter. Yeah. There's daughter. There's daughter. What's up? It's on. It's on. It's just relax. How come they aren't here this time, by the way? See when they were here last year and they were at Power 96 and we had the who's on Kevin and AJ World. My show. See back at those days, they could be like anonymous. They were just sitting down and Lobby down there and nobody was paying any attention, including me. Now I think they're a little bit more well known and they better probably got the limousines, Lep in them around, etc. And so on. If I what's the thing in the article where the one girl says, Nick's smell like what was the thing? Disgusting. Quit sniffing on Nick. We guess we are. She said he smelled like, uh, yeah, here you go. Christy, Jai, 17 of West Palm. I'll eat all these juxtapes. If we're all these young girls, nip it around. Just try to get a lick a little look and the lick. She says that one show I went to, they came by helicopter left by butts. You'll never know. She's among the lucky ones who once talked away to a coveted backstage pass. As proof she soes herself off a frame five by seven inch photo of herself at Nick Carter. They look different and we are life. She tells the circle of austroctfans. Nick smelled like cover girl. Oh, god. Nick smells like cover girl. Oh, my god. I wonder what she was sniffing. We can only imagine. Peru's onbugsman slammed two popular television talk shows on Friday for daring audience members to do anything for money in the live program, including Licking dirty armpits and lying in frogs urine. Sounds like the Tom Green Show. Uh-huh. And by the way, speaking of the Tom Green Show, I've got bad news. Over the weekend, maybe it was just a bad day or maybe MTV is destroyed. That show likely destroy everything else they touch. Oh, is this lame? In fact, what the hell was he doing? I forget what was all about. Well, he was out in the desert in a Roswell, New Mexico with the UFO thing. Did you see that? Yeah, I thought that was funny. Not while he was out in the desert, but what he did with the people afterwards. The UFO museum people? Did you leave it on? After the desert? It was awful. The desert thing was awful. Offer than the thing that he did afterwards with the UFO museum people. I mean, not a made it that far. Oh, oh boy. See, that was hysterical. Yeah, but you had to go to a lot of the ways you put fondress. That does it. That does it. There was a, yeah. Oh. But then he got to two people like curators from the UFO museum. He said, I got an alien. We're going to do not. I told the sheep back and there was the rubber alien. No, I never got it. That far. No. They got upset. At any rate, it says the two competing shows Laura on America and Marthiette. broadcast the controversial programs last weekend. Paying participants 20 to $40. We're taking up challenges that provoked an outcry from the public and politicians alike. Challenges including a woman looking the armpits and feet of a sweaty half-naked man. Two scantily clad women lay in a pool of frogs urine and man dressed in feathers and eight bird feed. Better neat and bird. For $20. One man covered his head in cockroaches, signing like the Tom Green Show and another elderly man wrote a tricycle around the TV studio naked apart from baby diapers. So, host the show. Yeah. Even a link up a rule though, she'll let her do this about anything. The programs prompted debate about in the media about limits to freedom of expression. Members of Congress accused the shows of taking advantage of crash-dread people in one of South America's poorest nations. Too bad. I bet you they got a 90-share easy. You know what I'm talking about? I'm sure what's wrong with that. What's wrong with lying around in a pool of a hat's urine for a few minutes? For 15 pesos. Here's a mobile and pombie, Chelo. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Great. Listen to me. I call a sex music there on each side right. They were out of the bath of Neil. So, I know Senator wanted to write down the East Oakland Park. I call them and I was able to go by and pick up the baths of this year and last year. Previously, you're seeing. So, you know, anybody that's in that area, they could always call Senator one and just swing by. They're going to swing it on by. And go by and get the baths of any other Oakland Park. That's right. There you go. How's standing? So, Neil, you think I could stick around for them, pick it? You're going to go see the past street boys? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Hold on. Hold on. I have a great day. And by the way, even if you don't win, we will be giving you your name out on the air. No, just a joke. Just a joke. So, what's wrong with that? See, you always tell me that straight guys don't like the past street boys. Right? Oh. 21. What is wrong with you, man? You're so full of cramp, George. Yeah. 21 before 11 and 5. 50 WQM. Chuck King Hoover, out the moon, man. I'm dreaming of a white neighbor. Just like one guy is known. Grab a long, sweet dream and far's head rims towards the sea. So, very long ago. I'm dreaming of a white neighbor. With every force you'll find out the right. Where your days be buried and bright. And may fall down the old moon. One, two, three, six. One, two, three, four. Two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, four, six. One, four. even her ass named worth like what maybe 500,000, 20,000 and the rest of her what maybe like don't be so stupid. That's the top, okay? She's possibly a dick. Or speaking of things like that, by the way. Oh, and I was speaking of Al Strack in the hockey writer for this Ronald Sun and from hockey night in Canada on the phone last night in Al'ses, Theo Ferrie was not asleep in the back seat. That's what Al Strack can says. I don't know what he meant by that. But anyway, this was an interesting blurb in yesterday's Sun, sent a little bit away was at that game on Saturday night, night's going Trevor Kid. How do you like that? Every real panther fan knows that if a word for Trevor Kid this thing would be in deep crap man, what a game he played. We got our shot about 600 to 3 in that game and still want to put into the one. Trevor Kid on conscious, unbeatable, been brilliant. I was the only thing that made it worthwhile going. But in the blurb about the hockey thing yesterday, it says the relationship between Jodie Hall and Roger Nielsen is well known around the league. My good buddy, Jodie Hall, love you, Jodie. And eventually I'm not the only one. Ron Cash, your hairy Niel told a funny story about Hall and how tidy is when the Wilson playing Junior Form in Peterborough, then playing for me to fill a Florida and then fully, before being retrieved from Atlanta early this season. I heard that Flyers PR staff didn't have a recent photo of Hall and assistant coach Wayne Cashman told him to go and ask Roger Niel said, Roger's probably got a picture in his wall of Cashman said. How do you like that? And what does that tell you? Is that tell you something? Huh? Poor Jodie. Everybody wants Jodie. Okay, the out of town line is open because I'm sure that in Palm Beach County nobody's going to drive all the way down here for a pair of backseat points. Oh, are they? You think they might? 877-785-635. 877-785-635. Just in case. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. Niel got. I'm sure. Okay. First female callers and suggested you use those tickets yourself. I think it's an backstage pass for Enrique or somebody about a year ago and you were taking yourself for two days afterwards. Not going? Yeah. But anyway. What is that? Well, I'm your huge fan and they're good seats. Well, I was at the least McGell I had backstage or I was supposed to go backstage and we never did. Right. And I went down. Exactly. And so, suck it up and go. Have a good time. You love them and enjoy the show. Listen, I saw an ad over the article in the Sunset and all over the weekend. I don't want to go. Go ahead. And they were talking about how they were supposed to have all the classrooms computerized for our kids. Right. And they said the big hold-up is because they're having trouble putting internet access into freaking portable classrooms. Oh, my God. Yeah, it's right. It's just crazy. I mean, it's a fact that they're not having a lot of them. How about Mars Lunar Lander do it by the way? We heard from that yet today. No. And then we got to make it into dollar. This is the second one in a row by the way. That's down the toilet. Second one in a row. So we're talking big into dollars for crap. And at the meantime, we got kids going to school in portapodies. And the worst part of it is that nobody cares. And it's just going to be worse and worse years down the road. Right. I'd like to be on the list, please. Hold on. Thank you. Oh. That was great. First he tells me that I should go and now he wants to be on the list. I'm sure it's for his daughter. Of course, we know that. Or his son. Oh, you people are a trip on tell you. Well, at least they're being a little creative today. Because otherwise, as you know, this is terminally boring. And I'd like to think you want to be on a Monday is boring. We don't want to be boring. And it's got a name show. By the way, speed of boring. The Panther game would have been very boring. Except for the fact that Trevor kid played so great. And Paul Bell Burie got a beautiful goal. And Scott Melody and I's going there, Scott. That was a hell of a shot, baby. I was going sweetheart. I've been at it with a kind of desperate. There were some exciting games over the weekend. And indeed, you know, the spot, what can you do to open? Who couldn't reach the pie? Not so anybody favorites. I'm not a fan of the past broken up. But, you know, wait back here. We'll go for it. So, dear to me. All right, baby. They're doing it. They're kicking ass. I'll tell you that. Problem is, before 11 at 5.60, WQM, are we going to be hockey intensive? No. Oh, I had a lot of nice people come by. Oh, and wait to, you hear this. Walk to a good start. Everybody around here's in a good mood. We're thinking about getting some lunch here in a little while. But wait to hear this, George. This will ruin your birthday. And the last 15 birthdays. When you hear this. So I'm sitting there before the game. And I'll get there early because the rumor last to come down and choose which you finally did. Pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa. He likes to be seen. Oh, there he is. That's what's in God. That's silly mustache. Yeah, that's him. So anyway, I'm talking about the usual bunch of people. And all very nice people until. And then finally, you know, somebody comes by and you have the habit of reaching out because somebody reaches their hand out to shake your hand. And I take a look as I'm already shaking this person's hand. No wait a minute. Worst. No. With the one that you were about to say. And here's this guy. I would like this, Ms. Shaped face with his nose off the one side. And an ear where his, oh, no, where his rectum used to be. See that I can't pull my finger on it. No, I just like, and he says, oh, I drove all the way down from ports that I say Lucy just to see you. Oh, no, I looked at him. It was great. Formerly from bointen beach now from porting Lucy from hunger from hell. And yet, and I look over and who standing there with him, Andy, Andy from Hollywood. And I pulled my hand away. And like that. Yeah, like I just stuck my hand into 40 pounds of elephant crap. And I just turned straight around and looked straight at, oh, sorry to bother you. And they both kind of like just slinked away. What does it take to convey the message? I don't like you guys. I can't stand you. You nauseate me. I don't want to see you. I don't want to know. And you notice how they find each other? They find each other. Birds of a feather together. It's a gate arc kind of thing. Yeah, and that must be it. They gravitate toward each other. They probably shower together if you actually got Almighty. So in the midst of another wise, very, very pleasant experience, I got to have them. And if you could see this, this creed from Port Chain loosely, man, all man. In fact, maybe the Mars lunar lander is in contact with it right now as we speak. I'm a serious talk about out of this world. Here's Miami, hello. No, yes sir. I'm a little bit okay. This could be a life change given for my nephew. Yeah. He was coming out. He was well, maybe. Yeah. He either wants to be a, football player or a back street boy or a ballet dancer. But N.A. So I got to get that football crap out of his mind. Uh-huh. So I've heard doing that. I think so. So a long time, Mr. Never been a free loader, but this is a big time event. I'm just down the street from your place. Great. I love the gunna list. Hang on. Hang on. How do you like that? We're getting guys. I thought it would be all like, well, I thought I'll be for their daughters. But you know, this isn't even a Roger show. You didn't know that. I'm so glad only knows what we got out there. What ever does it make? And like I said, you ask holes in the newspapers. Why can't you just one time say it was a lot of fun. Everybody had a great time and they did a good job at it. And then that's it. It's that you got a critique and how to what a shame that they didn't do this. They did. And they were pandering to their audience. Well, what should they've been doing? Pandering to the critics that it. You ask holes. Jesus Christ in Joseph for Christ. He says, these guys sell out all over the world. Amsterdam, uh, Helsinki, uh, from Europe. Asia everywhere they've been. In fact, when they started this millennium concert tour as you know, within a matter of minutes, most of the concerts were sold out, uh, almost immediately. Like I think it was nine minutes down here. They sold two concerts originally. It was only supposed to be one, which was the first, uh, the first one. And then of course, they went up with two. And then it was postponed because of the storm, the hurricane. Oh, my God. By the way, how about that, uh, Jake Plummer, huh? Yeah. There's a guy that could play on my team anytime. I'm obsessed with Jake Plummer. But again, that's your not to be. I'm starting to become football intensive again, just in time, just in time for these winers around here. Oh, gee, we lost another game. We lost. We don't have a shot. Nice going. Let me say it again. Nice going, Danny. Tell those assholes. You people in the media in this town, like I've said before, especially the sports nerd. What a bunch of morons talked to us about, uh, picking your nose. Talk to us about, uh, yeah. Talk to us about stupid questions because we have an endless supply. Talk to us about throwing the ball to Tony Martin and he's getting more exasperated and more exasperated and look on his face like Jesus Christ. Let me out of here. Poor Danny boy. Yeah, I just feel so bad for him. I mean, he's a multimillionaire. You know, he's got everything he could ever want. But still, he has to have the news around his neck of heaven, play this entire career here in this ungrateful miserable front running phony town. Of people just waiting every time he farts and don't smell the right flavor. Not at any boy. He don't smell like a nick like, uh, well, was just covered girl. Yeah, he smells more like back to him, girl. Don't worry, Danny. Most of us love you. Okay, sweetheart. Here's Evan Tira. Hello. Hey, he doing new. Pretty good, sir. You know, uh, first could I get into it for the stickers? For the stickers? For the stickets. Tickets. Maybe. All right. Well, let me ask the question. Do you hear about the arrow switching editors? Yeah, they got a new and Martin Bourbon is the new guy. Okay, what happened to that stupid Cuban that was heading it? Well, he's the, uh, he's the over him. He's above him. So the speed. Okay, so they guys still don't pop up me out of the he was like, you're gonna be bubble. Right. That's right. That's great. You got it. Okay, second of all. Why is this, is this town like, why is the media so negative here? Because it's a negative miserable goddamn town. That's why. Well, uh, explain to me. I go out. I see young people where I go out. Oh, I think I. Right. And it's something negative. It's a positive outflow. But then you come to the media and you come to this old farce. Where's this negativity coming from? Where does it originate? That's a good question. It's like a chicken in the egg. It's in the soil here. It's in the, uh, sand. I had no cool. I mean, why, why are this people? Don't we think they could write about it? Negative stuff. They can never have a good point to get in the, in the, nobody. Where did a good job? Nobody ever had a good time. Nobody ever enjoyed anything. All it is is bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch. And, uh, criticize that all that. I don't do that. Do you think they can think that? Right. Do you think this is the way they're going to make a name for themselves? Uh-huh. Yeah. I think they've done the best to know those guys. Okay. Hold on, man. Sure. Put it in his ass on the list. By the way, I don't want to get into another racial thing here. They do I do I don't. But before the a panter game at Atlanta Friday night, didn't anybody see that national anthem rendition by that little, a dark, complexive girl. Anybody see that? Uh-huh. Oh, my god. I have in the history of my life. I mean, I've seen 75 trillion different versions of the Star Spangled Banner, which is a bad song. It's hard to sing. It's a piece of crap. And they had this little girl on there. And then remember my close friend, remember I already warned him. I'm going to rip him an ass so I don't want to disappoint him. She finally finishes and we're saying, it must have taken her 17 minutes to sing the goddamn song. And she's jook it and drive it and screw it all up and get in the lyrics wrong. And she finally finishes the damn thing. And remember comes out and says, oh, that's a trisha, Schmengrich. What a great job. Yeah, right, Rimmer. Great job. Oh. Everybody in their brother knows they stopped. That's right. Put your suckin' around, Rimmer. And by the way, right on the front page of our local newspaper today, singing fans established an NFL first right here at the APP Park yesterday. 74, 1996, Doll Fans raised their voices to sing the Star Spangled Banner. They tried something new yesterday. Instead of having some Getsky come out there and do it, they had the crowd sing it. Good idea? No. No. But at any rate, it says Chief Dan Flanagan or the US Navy Band of Jacksonville can talk to the crowd. Now the person who wrote this in the hero that they, who named Sarah Rose, you think she might be kidding a joke? Oh, yeah. Little dog, yes. As the song, she writes this, as the song approached its conclusion for the land of the free, cheers erupted in the stands. And I read this this morning. I'm sitting here reading and I'm thinking, what's wrong with this picture? For the land of the free. And so in my mind, I'm now singing to myself and I'm actually laying that at it. And I get to that point where it says or, which by the way, little girl, little shards to girl in Atlanta, before the hockey, she said, over the land of the free. We don't say over sweetheart. I know that it's an all apostrophe ER. That's what it's an abbreviation for. You don't say over. But that was your best thing. For the land of the free, right, Sarah Rose. Another, clearing error by the Harold who's still, you know, maybe they should head on the Holy was interpreted for Sarah. This is 560, UAL. I'm just a little bit scared. What else do you say, man? My hat is going on today. On two, three, I made a group college and averaged this week. I have a lot of money. But not much of a brain. Like most of you voters who were just as late. But I could say one thing that you can. My daddy is the next president. I got money. Power. It's up to the lose. I can do everything I use. A little bit of cash is all I need. Is that as fine as I write E. Go and my grade. When it delayed the marker things all I use, a guard of both for more wrongs. It's like you. That is just a bad school and they put in the lab. I don't think I left that bad. For members of both for George Bush and those of you who don't, you can kiss my touche. You see what matters to me about the presidency. Is that a makes a mass conversation? I'm the king of denial too. I have no problems. I have to do. So why is it so important for you to know whether or not I did blow a little bit of cocaine of my nose, a little bit or two, a little blow. Oh, and I'm gonna let that out. So that when I put up the constant, straight in the hands. Oh, I've spent a concentration camps by the way. What a great fact this is. What did I say about that Nazi? That the hip boot wearing, stomping Nazi Rudy Giuliani in New York. Some New Yorkers got rid of their hostility toward Mayor Giuliani on Saturday by Hurling what appeared to be elephant-dung at a portrait of his face depicted as the Madonna in Washington Square Park. For almost three hours, about 200 New Yorkers, young and old, made a dollar donation, it's the homeless people. Each was given a latex glove and allowed to toss and dunk at it at the Mayor's portrait as a protest against the police search and seizure of the apartment of a graffiti right of this week. On Wednesday, the apartment of Stephen Powers, a graffiti writer and author was rated by police after he announced during a radio talk show in intention to stage the park protest about Giuliani's policy toward artists in the homeless. Following an attack with a brick on a woman by man presumed that he homeless New York City's adoptive the policy of police taking homeless people to shelters, refusal can result in an individual being arrested and jailed. Seed were powers books, magazines, computer disks, artwork, video tapes on attack and motor bikes, as well as his paints, brushes and artwork, including his research on his book on graffiti, the art of getting over graffiti at the Millennium, published in July by St. Martin's Press. The police hauled away five, 30 gallon bags of with years of his research, powers lawyer, Ronald Kuby said Saturday, in my 15 years of practice, I've never seen a search warrant that allowed so much seizure of constitutionally protected material. The lawyer also said powers was arrested on Wednesday by police and charged with criminal possession of a weapon because he had an antique set of brass knuckles on the wall of his apartment. I hear him on a case that said for January 3rd, in Manhattan, criminal's court. How do you like that, huh? Card carrying Nazi Rudy Giuliani, and of course, we got Ken Jenny right down here trying to out-marton government and every move, and every turn. Now, that fact isn't depressing enough. Wait until you hear the next one. Wait until you hear my reaction to the next one. My reaction is, it's from Greg and Bointon Beach in Port St. Lucy, wherever the hell he is. He's an asshole. Neil, thanks for the cold shoulder Saturday night. I haven't seen you in years and was looking forward to saying hello after all that time. I never did anything to you to deserve that kind of treatment. I never stole a freight train. I came all the way down from Port St. Lucy to say hi and realized you just a bitter old man. Besides, you don't have any fun on a year like you did in the old days. Greg, see if I would have said hello if I would have been civilized and then, you know, humored him for 15 seconds, then I would have been a great guy and I'd be having a lot of fun. But because I gave him the cold shoulder when I hated him like poison, like poison. And don't ever want to hear from him much less see him again and his close personal friend joined the zip, asshole Andy from Hollywood. He's an asshole. I'm a bitter old man in a bad guy. So I would drive down from Port St. Lucy to shake hands with a bitter old man. That's right. Who isn't having any fun on a year anymore? You jack-ass, you squizzling and by the way, hopes somebody puts the pieces of your face back together again someday for your sake. Not that it's gonna make much difference. Wow. Man. The people that you'd like to get close to, they run like hell. The people that you would just pray that you could get rid of. You pray. You get on your knees and pray. And they won't go away. Here's Hylia, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. Hey, if I lived in New York, I won't go for either Hitler, here's Rudy, Juleani, but... What about, I moved to Connecticut. Right, what happens if nobody wants to go for the other one of these? What would happen there? Would they have anybody there to sit in one of the city? No. No. Listen, other than sucking up, for tickets from my niece and nephew, did you settle a small argument here for these Hylia's that come north on I-75? Doesn't the sawgrass express, they have an exit that goes right on to the NCR, whatever it is, the National Current. Right, okay. I have a damper. He was going to go 575, get off on Flamengo, go around, I don't know where, and I said fine, I'll just get off on the... Who's going on 575? Yeah, he said it over to Atlanta. Right. He says that's the directions he got, you know, I'm going five... Right, what is 575? 555. No, of course not. There's an exit right there, once you pay the toll, correct? You can go to the exit and hopefully we can get off on center-wise, there's no toll in just wecent center-wise, go to the parkway, whatever you're telling it. We shape that, that settles as well. Just to get off, it's sunrise and go to the Sheldon station and hook a left, and it'll go run right to the arena. Okay, there you go, there you go. There you go, there you go. You go to the bottom with me all morning and I said, oh, let's let Neil settle it. Don't argue with Demo Holyro. Yeah, their hard headed, their hard asses. Yeah, listen, real quick, golf at point, these pre-vents, I mean, all they do is what? Pre-venture from winning? Yeah. I mean, we let them in two place-guid, like 40, 50 yards, they need it for their favor. Better team one, man. That's all I can say. Yeah, better team one. I know you're right, me. All right, put me on the list. Okay, hold on. Thank you. We'll do this till about 12, 30 till we're tired of it, and then we'll draw a number. Not going to give the name out on the year. We'll give the number, the winning number out on the year. Because if we give the name out on the year, they will have 400 people with the same name, they'll be able to make sure they're not going to be able to do it. Oh, because these tickets, like I'm saying, they're hot and then by the way, you assholes at the newspapers, you're a few guys, they're so talented, and so mediocre, and so much like, what does it say again? Like a light snack. How come the tickets are going for a thousand bucks of pop scalping wise, huh? I wonder why, they must be really, really bad. Oh, yeah. Yeah. What are how many people are buying tickets to go see these assholes from the hill that wrote these to the cryptic columns? Here's a mobile and dear field beach, hello. Hey, I'm Go Nail. Yes, man. It is. First time long time. All right. My husband, my her big fan, and he, um, turned me into a nearly, finally, after a long time. And we're both real big back street boys fans. Really? Did like to put our names? How old is your husband? 30, 35. 30, I just want to do this for George's event. Because George being the hard-ass little human that he is, he refuses to accept the fact that not everybody who likes to bash street boys is either a 12-year-old girl or some old fag like me. Right. He just doesn't get it. Oh. Okay, hang on, sweetheart. Thank you. They're in don't give her any crap either, okay? Don't be given a hard time. So to speak. Oh, yeah. It's only you fags that you might have caught as you have missed your much earlier, huh? Nine minutes passed, 11 at five, 60WQM was... Fuck it in and hold it. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. 11, 14, at 5, 60, WCM, here's a facts from Bryan, who's a vinyl kind of center one, merchandise and they have a great time. It says the keychain kick-ass. By the way, speaking of center one checks, which like I said, we got about 71 grants. So we got a long, long way to go in these last four weeks. Or whatever it is, four weeks? 20, 30, 30, 30, five, yeah, about four weeks. Not even that. Let me ask you this. You know, in previous years, we've always gotten a checks, you know, 500, 100 from various people like around the building, and I'm talking about. Yeah. If we got anything that bluff came to with a check right earlier, bluffed on Z. But what about some of the other people in the building? If they help this out this year, get off your stuff. Yeah, exactly. For those checks made out to center one in any amount, like around the building. Some of the people there that make it a big box, if we got those this year. No, not yet. Maybe they just pulled them out to the bit around that might be it. Or just maybe they're, what are we getting for lunch today, by the way? The electricity subs. Oh great. Sounds good to me. Probably got a big one. He's going to bring it right now and it's check too. Or you just give him one of those. That's at least we can do for all of this. Oh, he'll bring his check in. No, no, we don't have to. I'm going to check in from kids' curvy. Yeah, maybe just make it pictures of him out of the squeak. Why don't they other? Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? We enable it from 26th Street. I have a little boy seven years old that he would love to go through this factory. Really? And I tried to get tickets. And when it was first one I'd say I'd say online. I'm a sweet three hours and I didn't have any locks. No, I hope we'll see what's going on in nine minutes. I know. You think I could, uh, you're on the list man. You got it. Take a very much. Hang on. So there's a guy I want to take his seven year old boy to the country. See George, you're as usual. I've been trying to tell you, you know, I feel so sorry. I don't want to rip you on your birthday, but never let's. All right. I'm going to check. I'm going to make up for it. What? Let's say nothing today till that check. Oh, yeah, but I can make it call right now. I mean, you know, it's surges birthday. Call up and say happy birthday, George. Even if you don't mean it, you know, yeah, see it. The swing clubs, George. See you when at nice, so wifeyers. Oh, that wasn't his wife. Well, whoever that is. I can tell you some interesting stories that I heard about that swing club. But nevertheless, I know. I mean, just nothing bad just that some guys are very nice. Even they don't understand all of you straight guys out there. It's a real good day to go on the Saturday night, you know? Right. Saturdays the night to go. If you're like, all right, that's the night to go. That's the night to go. Unless you want the old trolls, the old the old the old the old. Yeah, hold your eyes and all the other Maddie Cones unless you want to like perform acts for them. That they can watch and like, you know, I'm talking about you get the, oh, yeah, maybe not little little slow on the up pick. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. Thank you for taking my call. Thank you for making your call, sir. The 5.50 W. Q.A.M. You're God forbidden station for the 90s. Neil, I got to tell you the moment George put me on hold. You said something about no way would come all the way from Palm Beach and She'll up down here to get these tickets. Oh, I knew I knew you was for $2,000 worth of tickets. Speaking of scalping, I got a cutter ticket. So that football game yesterday. I never seen somebody take a phone sale out there. Really? I could got him half price. I don't understand that. That was a great game. It was a fantastic game. It was almost like a duplicate. It was almost an absolute fact. Similarly, the game, the two teams played it up in an indie. But change the game. I'm a dolphin fan for 20 years. And I've seen these games too many times. Yeah. I'm calling for no other reason. Then the suck around. For your dad. Get it for my daughter. He's 10. You'd understand perfect. She loves Brian. Oh, there you go. And I hate to admit it. I'm a beer drink and football watching guy. But he's down on the closet for myself. All right. Hold on, pal. I need to like that. He's in the closet. This is going to be the next episode. By the way, the money I'm going to try to quote you when the album came out that this was I was going to head to myself. It's going to be the next thing. Oh, it's going to be number one half in about two seconds. We'll call the line. You don't want to see it. Here's a four miles. Hello. Hey, Neil, are you doing pretty good? Don't want to take it. It's good. Of course not. You're not coming all the way across the alley for tickets. Although I know a couple of people in this series who probably would. I'm sure you do. Can I change a subject for a minute? Anything you like, pal? That's just the ticket show. You know, you're talking about the sun back that S.F. Yeah. Well, hear your beefly station. The FM. You want to 39 is playing. Take a timeline. By the way, George. Back that thing up. Yeah. There's an tower. Oh, yeah. That's right because they've got a sanitized version because this is America. They have the sanitized version called. They call it back that thing up. But yeah, you're the same market saying. Ask any time you want. Right. You can say. There are skews would be. You know, we got a lot of little kids. Listen, we can't say ash on a year because little kids. Once they hear ash, then they'll be saying. Right. But it's not like that. You know, I couldn't believe it. I was. I think that all kids in America ought to start saying. Ask today. Just to prove the program directors of these Constipated radio stations. The only little kids like ass. So on with that. And this is your beefly station over there. That's fine. You're one of these. We station man. Yeah. Be one of three nine. This is station. Friendly with those curious. All right. Thank you. I wonder what century their equipment's from. I have a great day. Thank you. Are you taking through the good news? Yeah. You're taking through the good news? Maybe. Of course. When the quiet period. Yeah. Just keep quiet about that stuff. Okay. You know, something that I'm finding really fascinating today. Really interesting. And I don't want to sound like a bitter old man like Greg says from wherever the hell he's from. That asshole Greg, you know what I'm talking about? He's an asshole. He is. But the. And you know something Greg, let me also say this to you. Sweetheart. If you would have come to the MD had to have that human appendage with you. When I looked over to his right and I saw that. That creating with him. That's what I really knew that I was just want to put my guts out. If you want to just come like with a friend like with a human being type person, I probably would have been a little bit more friendly and tolerate him for like 30 seconds or less. And I would have been okay. But no, he comes with the most anxious, disgusting, rotests, silly person scumbag on a face of the earth at Andy. He's an asshole from Hollywood. And wonders why I gave him the cool shoulder. Oh my god, these people. Here's a lady in plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I'm going to help you support your theory about the 12 year old. I have a 12 year old 7th grader, daughter who is totally in love with AJ. She has a screen, say, on our computer. She knows all the words to all the songs. Is she in the tattoos? She must be. She must be. She's a very, very old. Okay. You know we're not too thrilled about hopefully that's not going to happen in any kind soon. Which we're, I guess there could be worse things. But like body piercing. Right there. But she's just, it would be her dream come true. So if I could get on the list, that would be great. Okay you're on. Thank you so much. And happy birthday to George. And happy how it's you, Luca. Thank you. Okay, everybody's such a great mood today. Everybody's happy when we got stuck to give away. We don't do it often on a show like I said never again until next time. But this is something special. Okay. Something special. I don't know. I think I'm going to go. You know, that's what we got to do. George is doing this for three hours. And then I'll say, God, you got me so fired up about this. I think I'm going to go. And I'm not going to do that. What I do that to the audience. I know I can't do that. Because you listen to the sound of these people's voices. You know, and at least we're not going to go see. Oh, that Ricky Martin. I'm going to tell you anybody in the audience is never going to see Ricky Martin. If you want to be my friend, don't admit it to me. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Just keep it a secret. If you want any respect for anybody in the world, don't admit you ever went even like two blocks to go see Ricky Martin. Thanks to Lord. He's like, yes today's like last year's put hate a lot. Because that's Ricky Martin, baby. So, oh, we're getting Atlantic City Substance for lunch today. Excellent. That's good. Oh, I got such a heartburn. You know, since laying in my stomach, such a heartburn from this place on Friday. Five, six, seven. What am I given the number out of four? And I know I started to say this moment to go. It's a real interesting study in human nature because they in and day out. I know the format is really crappy. And we got what amongst the four news cast an hour, four, four, and a half minute break. So, not as bad as the other day, parts, but nevertheless, not acceptable. In this slaughterhouse of a place. So, we have to go through this business not only of screaming and yelling, you get phone calls on a port in the first place. But then, of desperately hoping that people will hang on. Will I hang on? Oh, but are they hanging on today? Are they hanging on today? Are they hanging on today? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. So, close to show you when they want and I'm not putting anybody down. I'm glad you're hanging on. But it's just really interesting to me that you're much more motivated when there's like $2,000 worth of a max speed boy tickets in my hand. As opposed to just talking to me, which you can do anytime. I'd screw him, you know. Plus we'd rather have them sit there with no calls anyway, we like that. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Great. You can't get any. I'm real glad you did. I have a little incident that happened in itself with one of your sponsors, but I'm just going to ask you a question. Yeah. And I bet a football game that's on a Sunday that they were going to play Monday. And I'm asking about the next day was Ken Jenny Day when he rated the boat. Took all the machine. Right. I wanted to disgrace by the way. Just ridiculous. But besides that, I mean what even made it worse was when I called Sun Cruise they told me, oh no problem we'll have it all straightened out and everything in that. You won the game and you're going to get your money. A year later I have been there five times. So instead of winning $300, I've lost $630. You don't want to just do that. And they tell me that the reason is because they subled it to some man. And he just doesn't want to pay anybody off because they won't renew his license. So that's the end of it. I guess. So why didn't I get any prosecuted him? Yeah. Unbelievable. I mean it's just incredible Ken Jenny. What did he do? Just rupting everybody. I'm telling him. He wants to be. Believe me when I tell you he's modeling himself after Rudy Giuliani. He wants to be the dictator of this town. He's got the first syllable looked already. Oh there's no question about it. He's getting more and more powerful every day. Yeah. Of course this way till he runs to be the strong brain mirror. Browen everybody says no. No. No. No chance. I got a better chance when he did my little dogs out of better chance. I'm telling you. Okay. Now you could also help me out here. I've been perfectly straight. You have a girl. Just got married. And I have to tell her today. I can't bring her way here from South America. So if I could get on the lift and get her a ticket for tonight, it makes her make my day. You just got married to a 12 year old girl. No she's not 12. How 26. That's good. Yeah. Georgia smiling but that's good. Okay. Hang on. Thanks. Good luck. You'll need it. Okay. 11. 25. There you go. I'm starting to get sick of my stomach from this whole thing. Must be my version. I have an aversion to give it stuff away. I've done it in so long. Yeah and he's getting out every day. Now she's got a instant back in. Oh well. Yeah. niye. Nope. 15. 27. 10% vision. In fact, I'm getting sick and stuff is kind of pain not. Of course. No big things in a modified force. Don't cord that. Okay. check from kid curry from power and I said, we're going to start getting some section here from on the building. I said, no, no. What now you're just laughing at that. That wasn't meant to be comedy. We need some help. We need some help God damn it. Well, well, it's a way it goes. We need your money. I will I give it to we need help for Senator one. I will I give it up for that guy damn golf tournament and all the embarrassment and the three weeks we screwed up because we had a makefully promotion department back then who he isn't here anymore, but he's an asshole didn't help us now. So we got about a month late start this year and we're like way behind the old eight ball. I have to mention the fact that Carol well, that's another story. He tells a good tale anyway, he ought to work here. He'll be telling some good stories. 26 after 11 and 5 60 WCOM. He's saying, mama, f***, I'll be tripping. You want to bust a cap in his ass. You're mad down, you'll pop this, but you ain't packing nothing. Nah, you could go to traditional route of fire all mac was this which required five day cooling off period, but the problem with that is, do my cool off in the motherf***er. My really deserved that shit. Cooler has me prepare, but let's revenge go down. That's why me and my policy started right to gun. You know what I'm saying? These bad motherf***ers are stone, cold, serial number five dance solid gas. Y'all come on up on here, browse over our final next to a K who's easy to close. Or just pull up on top, drive by window and sh***. They run a gun. They too easy got damp in the plan by the hour or by the bullet. No credit calls, they're set to y'all. Just remember the rent of gun motto. If any violence, if the motherf***er deserves it. And what time and maybe here's the bullet and three students shot at rural Oklahoma school this morning? There you go. Three more students shot this morning and you want to know why? That's the American fucking way. That's right, three students at a rural middle school and four gifts in Oklahoma were shot this morning in the suspect is in custody. It was unclear whether the shooting took place outside or inside the school shortly for the A.D.M. starter classes. Superintendent Steve Wilmouth didn't know the condition of the student. So medical helicopter was sent from St. Francis Hospital in Tulsa. The hospital had no information on the aesthetic injuries. Lieutenant Jack Mike award net Muskegee County jailer, a city believed only one person was responsible for the shooting. He wouldn't come in the age of the person in custody. Four gifts in the town of about 3,500 people about 550 miles southeast of Tulsa, about 450 students at the middle school. And the students were all released early because of the shooting the runaway home and hoping that the student will be shot. How do you like that, huh? There you go. That's the American fucking well. You've gone huggers out there, baby. When crazy people have gone, you're asking worth a dime. I'll tell you that right now. There's a thanks for Marjorie. Uses I love the Back Street Boys concert, which of course the first one was last night. We were lucky enough to be in a suite. I'm a 30 year old female in thick that all ages would enjoy it. The guys in special effects will great and you should definitely go enjoy yourselves as Marjorie how do you like that? That's what Marjorie says. Am I going to go? No, probably should. Probably should. I mean it's a choice between stiff and fat Richard to track there on a Monday night, which we got you know, our nice table up there and ice cream meal. Or going up there and sitting being surrounded by 20,000 screaming, he'd be G'd be little hysterical girls. He that's the problem. See John penis, don't mind that. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Good sir. I'd like to first of all off you. My condolences for last Friday. That was a joke. Oh, radio station. They've got you handcuffs. You could do that for false and present me. Yeah, you're right. I'm telling you, we're putting them on notice as of today that you know, if this crap continues, it's going to be us to have Easta Baby. I mean, how do you do a show on a talk show without a phone that works? Whoever heard a such a thing? Well, it's it's amazing that every day you keep coming back. They would be like you to say, how are you with a chef in a restaurant and you're the premier chef in town and you go in and oh well, guess what? The stove don't work. You know, another cooking you're going to go in there and make some great meals for the customer. Even though our chef doesn't eat. Yeah, yeah, that's right. Right. I have a seven year old son and I'm sure if I want he'd be thrilled. So you got to put me on that list. But before you do that, yesterday's game was a great game. I mean, I'm a dolphin fan. Right. And we got to be better to team the coach or better. Anybody who says that wasn't a great game. I mean, a Reno brought him back into the touchdown past a Martin enemy. Just just phenomenal game and right on to as the clock, how can you have a better game? I mean, sure, most of the people here want to see the dolphins went. But how can you have a better game than one where it goes back and forth and back and forth? And the game has decided is the clock runs out. Yeah, the game really was the game of the week, you know, before they played it. Right. And it turned out to be the game of the week. So that was your own scripted. Okay, hang on pal. Thanks a lot, man. See, there's a guy with a, I mean, he's upset that his team lost, but at least he appreciated to go game when he sees it. Like most people here don't. I heard about two minutes of the morning show this morning. They're way, way. Oh, I see, that's enough for me. That's enough for me. I don't want to hear any more of this. Just like Danny Boy said, take your stupid questions and stick them in your echo. That's what Danny Boy said. Nice going, Danny. Let me say it again. You got a few of us here that we expected for what you've done in his time for last 400 years. Go out there and bust your guts and try the best you possibly can't with no running game with no crap at a coach that's brain dead. Yeah, we got a shot Jimmy. At least Jimmy had good say. You know, at least he had the hoods, but yes, that it is a, oh, then played good, you know, and spot of the fact he's a silly old man. He played pretty good. Whatever it held, Jimmy said. And he says something like that. Oh, yeah, something like that. He says, and spotted the fact that he's 120 years old, the daughter-in-law, man. He played pretty good. Kind of a back ass. Backhanded, and compliment Jimmy. And by the way, Jimmy, get a haircut. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Yeah, New York. Yes, sir. Uncle Neal. I'm not embarrassed by hanging on because every time I call you, if I call you to talk about something, I hang on. And five day even hung with you on Friday. Oh, boy. Rejected. Yeah. Unbelievable. That was like a man's hanging out. I was like, I don't know where I'm right here because of this happens. Come on, Chris. You're ready. So I'm not embarrassed, come for I have two boys. A 16 and 13. Yeah. We don't, they, you know, not in love with them. But they really like their sound. Yeah. And they have all their albums. I mean, all the CDs and stuff. So I said, you both those kids that got girlfriends, do it spiderwood George. Well, I say one, my boy's 16 year old football player. Good looking stud. So yeah, three, 210 pounds doesn't have a girlfriend. Doesn't want one. He wants to play football, go to school, and then that'll come down a line. Maybe. So yeah. Listen, they all put a thing that these kids do that. That's right. You never know. But that's not going to happen. I know what they're getting. Well, that's not the only reason I quote was, get on with them. I want to say something. I want to just test fix that you talk about every day. And that's one of the reasons I listen to you. And in 365 days, I'm 400 pounds. I'm down from 630. And it's 330. And 630. And 365 days. This time next year, I swear to you, God, I will wait 230 pounds. All right. Excellent. Just statistics scare the crap out of them. I just found that two more. You know, when you're only reading news clips and stuff, and you always talk about all these people buying an airplane and earthquakes and stuff, two statistics. I just turned 35% of the world is obese. 1500 people die every two days from obesity. Scary. And you think? And don't forget, 55% in America, all beasts. 55% in, you know what? I and I'm like racist, but 49% are Hispanic and 47% are black. Yeah. Of overweight people. Well, there will be a couple of us white guys anyway. Well, you guys have a lot of time in there, pal, but I'll tell you this. 200. I call you 365 days. I'm going to wait 230. Do it. Just scare me every day. Excellent. Can I get on the list? Okay. Hang on, pal. Thanks, pal. There's a guy that's lost 230 pounds. Oh, yeah. It's not, you know, maybe maybe some people don't give a crap that they walk around and look at like a double arm, but it's real, real unhealthy. It's real bad for you. So where's lunch, you're it? I'm sorry. On it's what? Just a joke. It was just a little joke. Okay. Just a little tiny, a, a, a, a, a, a fat joke from a fat guy. I don't want to admit that I eat those jelly donuts here on Friday because it was Hanukkah in those potato pancakes today before because it was Hanukkah. See, that's why there's so many of us fat Jews and prematurely dead Jews because the food that we eat is like, oh, direct killer. Look at that. There's an open line right now. Look at that line five. Look at that. Oh, my God. Five six seven. Oh, if I will do the drug at 12 30 by the way, then we'll get back to doing like a real radio show. Maybe or not, we're just play basketball as music. Try me interesting here from some other people who went to that concert last night who I'd have some comments about it. Do we get it like any other than the fact? Oh, no. Because everybody I spoke to from John penis to Marjorie and everybody else the other are one half a person. They said it was sensational. I said it was great. And what's wrong with these guy? Did he lose papers, huh? But your heart ass is that's their problem with our local newspapers. They don't like anybody, especially me. Dolly Macanah, this is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hi, hi, bro Vergura B Ah, are you alright I hope I don't think going around in times like that, Hannah Staye Ah, why, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh girl, yeah, oh oh, oh, oh, at the five o'clock net who was inducted at the door for the thing yesterday i's going to our net and in the booster 6 to 845 Vikings at the 10th of the buck in here is not one of the all-time worst money that games could be worse at 845 tonight okay we got another 45 minutes to this time will do the drug at 1230 and then i'll say oh we're just a big hoax in our mary to go and when are we going to do that no this is the station where we run the rig contest here's my any hello happy on a can you in back to your sir thanks for the news flash on uh... local home of that's another one for the gun who goes to stick up their pia their doing cnn right now for the nine millimetre handung would say with a weapon used in the shooting and five other students happen taken to area hospital for five more there you go so i work to eight now that it sucks it just sucks the whole situation america will come anyway back that thing up back that as well as up yet on m pv they play the back that thing up version of cnn one so it's all it's a screaming riot i don't know if you've seen the video but it's just a bunch of black girls shaken it in a bunch of uh... indigenous folks out there dancing of how come they can't even say back that back home off that would be better you know i have no idea but on the same topic i don't know if you guys have talked about it but there's a commercial going around on some of the radio stations it almost sounds like a bit when you're bit but it's for real does that account yeah i mean i mean i think losing the losing loose oily stool for the oily birds frequent need to uh... i don't know i've been in a building to tell us a desperate set of urgency that will make you want to stay close to the house all day long right i mean that sounds real attractive to have to take that yeah but just i think if you live in the horizon surf side of the camera can probably be taken for it absolutely a meal yes i hope to bring the gashima spooka to the uh... to the uh... to the cunt like i got two boys eight and ten and uh... big fans and i'd love to get on the list okay hang on i noticed you are to be at a lot of people with boys okay with kids of various ages and foody macho young football players who don't have girlfriends etc and have no interest in oh yeah here we go again he's busy with his football okay he has his hands under somewhere five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty-one of the line here's a payphone and okay hello thanks for making your call first four co-gears not really want to call the co-gears that i made thirty five real straight man yes with a beautiful twenty nine year old wife right who enjoyed the back of the place he would go to night i would run to get on the list first i i can play last week and i don't want to be to dead horse right and i'd like to question about a satellite situation my part of the complex is not allowed them to restrict about uh... your apartment complex by law now that lot changes got to be two years ago now apartment complex cannot prohibit you from having a satellite so my lease on the check that out uh... okay i could get it and my question and you're not going to you're released the fact is that the law changed and they no matter what the least they can't prohibit any more the real violating your rights fantastic did not know that i really appreciate that i'm tired of it sure thank you hang on five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty wireless line as we continue rolling along how this proving George is missed that everybody really is in love with the litigant biscuit that's another one by the way there's a good news he's on a way out early in that crew there out here's my amy hello hi there yes sir call here can ram jenifer's brother i'll write i've never called long long time listener how do you like that in jenifer just talk to the other day and she says can beat that cater me that was before that game the night he's doing great she's up in plumbi she is on the air twice a day right we're going to get together for christmas and gone a nice cruise excellent to the country to the brand new puppy carcass manual week old rupture elbows in it get busy got a little daughter Jennifer's the aunt daughter a'sly nine years old right she would what her parents he would just go crazy yeah okay but bring some depend okay give me a talk to the nil give jenifer big kiss for us and tell her hey asshole hang on okay there's jenifer's uh... whatever you like that five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line we're getting closer that magical moment of twelve thirty baby what's going to happen after that okay like i said i deserve this in fact you know i've gotten fifty million dollars worth of use out of these tickets today not just two grand after what happened here on friday i don't want to keep going back to that do i have a lot of all boy that was like the end of the world as we knew it here's a mobile in my amy hello mobile in my amy hello the owner yes sir how are you great a little bit later but i went to the rangers game uh... we could go friday the girlfriend and uh... her niece was down from florida state did you go to the can i was in the amy to answer is kind of hard to get there oh yes it would be anyway that uh... the geeky guy that walks around and pulls people out of the stand team he happened to pick my girlfriend and uh... brings her down and it was the pox shuffle and uh... they shoveled the pox i'm watching it it's number one and uh... everybody in the section the whole not one finger one finger one finger yeah most people i said you know all these hold on one finger too and uh... of course he looks at the niece and the niece from florida states hold up two fingers and she takes two even the guy that uh... pulled her out of the stand he's tapping her on the shoulder with one finger and she chose to and and the blues were crazy but uh... it was a little bit on the embarrassings side but uh... the funny part about it is she would give it a package with the shirts and stickers and talks and everything like that and uh... i told her with the real price was if she got it right with a thousand dollars and citizen to believe it uh... i hear was fifty grand is what i heard could be just a rumor by the way speaking of pox they were selling honic upbox and sure there's still some of the macaroon and the uh... you know that souvenir shop they got where we think it's over priced about mark up nine thousand percent seventy five bucks for a honic upluck seventy five dollars that's a little high yeah for a paper like a little uh... star david on how do you like that oh i i'd be nice it was an on another note i have a guide that refuses to go to lunch for me now work because uh... i'm too into your radio station he just uh... he just chooses not to and it's uh... based on what what's his problem well he listens to was that eighty seven point seven the uh... christian station and i keep telling them you know what what's with the problem and he won't work come out and say it because uh... he feels like he's preaching but uh... he uh... uh... he uh... just doesn't agree with some of your views to bad to bad and that's one of those hypocritical god squad people to bad you know another adult living in fairy tale land yes exactly you know i got a nine year old girl like to uh... take it to the conference okay i'm proud thank you call up and tell your friend cox a hoist all you all is good in your body to choose religious back to that people on the access to the school finger pointing finger waving burning in hell etc the out of time i was open by the way like for palm beach if anybody wants to participate or actually anybody has something to say on the out of time i'm beside just a religious thing that we're doing to kill a lot of good time today here's Carlos with the mail today i bet you there's thousands of checks in there you think no no eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five that's a number to die when i have to say one goes to show you i'm not thinking like too much of some of those people out there in radio land eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five never are more over as the know how that goes never estimate here's a lady in poor waterdale hello yes man how are you uh... this great like the other uh... it took me a lot of it through to you then it did when i call tick master i like that she boy on the one that's on hold for about three hours and they were sold out my daughter twelve and she loved the back three boys and i'm forty six and i love the back to boy there you go you're just a bit these seven and i love the back we got on the like that we've been rolled out of the rectal center yesterday there was a snowball of champ and how that we can get anything but of course we couldn't right with the group for little girl screaming and waving that it's more like the afternoon screaming back to boy back to boy really yeah we're going to go to the off-screening waiting things so i would like to get a list of a good you got it thank you hang on good luck okay there's a very nice lady online tree there she would like to get there on the list seven minutes till noon at five sixty w q a m you know i think i'm going of course you know i probably could still get in there in our skybox there and be up there with some like good friends like screw in close personal friend like Greg read like uh... roll yeah so many my other close personal friends from this joint here's north Miami hello hey hey you doing pretty good sir i got a seven year old daughter who is just absolutely loved to go to that concert i was open maybe got a list and then i had some of the tell you okay you're talking about uh... kid chari and who is a name from the past you whatever happened to Anna a squee number that i heard that she and there is some got a lot of money which left kitoria that's what i really i know i heard you think they carry so got a lot of money who was in the broads with big asses yeah my daughter uh... dances to that in her dance class and she absolutely loves it i try to get sick as an i couldn't i'd love to get on the list of the people hang on a megal thank you all okay that guy get him on a list okay let's take a call from where is it cross brings mobile and cross brings hello you know hi how you doing sir great uh... a couple of things i've been trying to get in talk to you last week with your phones were so screwed up please but you were talking about lent a couple weeks ago right trying to find out what it was i was trying to find out exactly what l was and how long it wasn't my guess which i was pretty sure was forty days and even good can't make your chances in there he didn't have any idea about lent i have i've a neighbor that told me and he says that uh... Jesus had been in a cave for forty goes into a cave for forty days and after forty days on Easter he comes out he's his shadow and there will be six more weeks of winter yeah that's what was ground how Jesus yeah i believe it is interesting by the way forty days on landed also remember the flood with no was forty days in forty nights wasn't it but it was raining was probably here yeah got a forty fixed i see a really about honeka i think what happened is that the oil lamp lasted for forty days but they figured that's too long for a holiday even for the Jews so they never did down to eight i was too expensive right i think it's going to get for forty days that's right jesus yeah also i had a question uh... when you watch opera and uh... i don't well it if one watches all because if i watch the operand my gut's out people black people with a lot of money call themselves people of color how come it's wrong to call them colored people anymore but they call themselves people of color i just called smart is which is a nice black it no i covers everybody what's wrong with that uh... it works well i would love to get myself on the list with my daughter who's uh... thirteen thirty perfect day for the back to the boys i tell you i live through this once before when my other daughter was in love with the new kids on the bottom of the well yeah i mean this is day java all over again except these kids in the thing hang on to it okay thanks yeah these kids can sing and spread about George would tell you okay with a lesson and also a lesson already like five years long and this is not a lot you could have put in a jordan night they say much more than i don't you can stand back and i get to stand up and that's what they said about your music come down eleven fifty seven and five sixty q a n this is five sixty q a l rich the gender balance i just deprived Oh, you're so good! What's wrong? What's wrong? She's got the beautiful light. I'm not a fool to tell me. She's beautiful. I'm might as well move right in today. The only thing I'll do is wait for me. We're so far from here to greet that girl right. So go ahead and say, I have to go to the right! When you hear the sound of the synth, I'm going to call you a girl. I love many songs, but you're today, each time you grow old. You're going to be in this house, who's going to attack you in the five sixty company. I noticed Jesse DiBody was on every one of the assembly morning talking at shows yesterday. He was all over the place. I still like him, you know. Even though he's been back in recording the majority of the public, the goodie Tusses, the brainwashed religion, oh yeah, we don't like him now more. He's still basically tells her like it is. And says, to you guys. I've gone here, Jesse. By the way, speaking of slaughterhouse, Sacramento, California. A man shot and killed five of his children before, and he shot two of himself in the head Saturday. Two of the man's other children managed to escape one by jumping out of the apartment's bathroom window, neither was injured. Police went to the family cell after receiving 9-11 calls from neighbors after 4pm. The officers forced open the locked door and found the six body. Three more. Thank you. I can tell you it was a gruesome scene said Lieutenant David Parole, the man identified by TV staging KXTL, as Cow-Shong, a apparently got into an argument with his wife before the shootings. Police said the five children were made between 2-8. The youngsters who escaped were 9-14. Police believe a shotgun and a rifle found in the apartment were both used in the killings. He was mad at his wife apparently, this Indonesian guy. How about your pardon? I saw her down there, whatever. Oh, you're seeing it. He was mad at his wife? He wasn't even there by the way. No, no. She got home after it was all over. Oh my god, what a mess. That'll show her. Yeah, she's going to have to clean it now. What was his name, Dung Shopping? Something like that. He's a fantastic guy named Dung. Okay, we got about 20 minutes to go here. 25 minutes and then we'll do the big drawing and we'll pick a number and somebody will be associated with a number. And somebody will pick it and they'll come and pick them up and they'll go and have a great time. And they'll call tomorrow and say, Oh, thanks, you're Neil. God, that was great. And I'll feel pretty good about it. Huh? It'll make me feel like I did something positive and useful. Besides, just coming in and make a few bucks here today. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. All right, 36-year-old male. I took my eight-year-old last night to see the back street boys. Oh, right. That's twice I've seen them. The show is excellent. It's actually in the realm. Right. And you are a fool for not going. And for all the people who I've just pitetically listened to for the last hour, especially that lady that said that she went there to get ticket. There were people selling tickets outside. I don't know how. I guess, uh, something. But um, I sure hope whoever gets these tickets doesn't wind up scalping him. I'll tell you then. I'll tell you later. I will just say that yes, I will go again if you will put me on the list. And I will drag my eight-year-old one more time because they were excellent to sound. It was in the realm. Anybody that I haven't heard one person call and explain the whole setup. And I don't believe any of these people are true. Backstroy, uh, backstreet boys. Backstroyed fam. You got it. What? Can I get on your list? Okay. In George. What can we say? He's going to be the one to take your name. So say something nice. I will. Back what can we say? There you go. He's probably going to scalp. No, no, no, no. I don't care. That's up to you. I mean, if you get a grand a piece, I'll take care. See, I could have done that myself. I could have probably come on here and said, hey, well, you know, give it to you. And then light a butter, something like that. Or I could let our management do that. There we go. Good. I think I got a lot of experience. Yeah. I don't know stuff like that. Oh, god. Am I, am I glad I did this? Oh, what? I'm getting arthritis just from doing this. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Pretty good. Listen, well, we'll have nephew be out again. I'm going to, you know, I'm trying to get what do you key change. I work that before away from the radio station. I'm trying to get one of those key change for myself. But it's kind of difficult. I don't know. In fact, it would probably be a good idea if he went right out here on the corner. Yeah, we went a lot better than our starting goes up because we don't usually do too much in a series. And every time we do, we get tremendous turnout because amazing enough, we got some audience in this net. Yeah, we do some right by the station or something. Well, and then whenever, whenever he's going to, I let you know ahead of time. But whenever he goes out this week, I'll have him do it right out here. Great. And I'm pretty sure. I'm 36 years old. I want to go see the back street boys. Really? Yeah. How much are you going to get for the tickets? I don't know. I want to go check. What are you going to take? My son, my daughter, I have a whole past. Yeah, that's the thing. Okay, hang on, pal. Okay, I got it. Can we believe him? No. We don't care. Like I said, once you get the tickets in your hand, do whatever you want. You can even stick them in your window. I'm going to be like with him. Okay. I'm just hoping to do something nice for somebody for just once in my life. Just like I'm waiting for them to do something nice for me here on his radio station. It's amazing. The phone works today. Lions are all smoking. They're holding on forever today. How do you like that? Do you think this is going to last? No. No. Day after day, week after week, month after, month. You know, if I'm going to cook up a gourmet dinner on this restaurant, I've got to have a electricity. I've got to have a stone that works. I've got to have a refrigerator. And the same here in this radio station, but the problem being, they don't get it. They don't understand it. Does Greg read into anything about talk radio? No. Does he know anything about like non-talk radio about anything? No. Guys being a glorified salesman? No. Doesn't get it. Here's a mobile in Homestead. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. I'm employer fire fire. I'd love to get on your list for my 14 and 11 year old. I would take them there and wait for them outside. Really? Yes sir. And then you could watch out for like any fires. Unfortunately, I'm an employer right now. Or you could just like slide up and down the, or we might find, we've got some interesting polls outside the arena there. Oh yeah, I'm having a big arena here. Okay, hang on pal. Appreciate it. I'd like to. There's a guy that needs our help, okay. He needs our help. He said he would willing to like scale throws. He likes unemployed. Eight minutes past noon at five, 60 WCW, I'm like. I'm just a man of those kind of all, all is quite old. No, no, no, no. Well, to the mall, go spend it all, all is quite old. You're going, bro. Let's fight a speaking child, pick a lot of people, quite over there. That's fine, apart in space, here, all of the chances are quite over there. Very, very, very Christmas. Very, very, very Christmas. And by the way, how many of these people have called that, I think, I want to scout the tickets whole bunch. That's way, it goes. That's okay. Twelve minutes past noon at five, 60 WCW. Just a few more minutes to this, then the pain will cease. We'll do the drawing. We'll give them away and something to get all of a sudden go. Oh my God. Like that. Here's the call from the Bahamas. Yes, I'm on. Greetings, and solutions. Yes, sir. Are you today? Great. Just when I let you know, I would have to treat key chain over the end and that's how it is. Center dressed locally in Miami. Four days, no problem. All right. All right. Good job. Great. And just have a Merry Christmas. Okay. Good work. God bless you, pal. And don't repoff to many Americans. There you go from the Bahamas, man. Yes, I'm on. I was living people listening over there. They all have larcenated in their heart, but we love them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line. Hank Goldberg, a Chulose steak too. Hank with that more at five. Luke Shobby at six. Muddy that football. Vikings at the Buccaneers tonight at 845. What the hell more could you want? Like maybe a life. Here's Papa, no. Hello. Welcome to you. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Long time listener. I wanted to get on to that list if I could. All right. All right. All right. I'm not going to the scalpel, man. They're for me. I wanted to tell George that I went to a record store and I was picking up limp disc and Kid Rock. And I went to get the back street boy from Millennium from my girlfriend. Right. Needless to say, I suspect that in the CD player. Also, and just started listening to that one and they grew on me and now I'm a fan. I like that, George. And this guy's got a girlfriend. He says, even though his girlfriend's name is Ed. I do want to use very volume to his story. There you go. Did you want to show us? Yep. I'll let it work. So maybe if you win the tickets you might share is that what you're saying? No. I got it. Okay. Hang on pal. Not a few smart. Okay. There you go. Take care of that guy and his lovely lady friend. You know what I'm saying? How's that Marsal Lunar Land of I was? How's it doing? I'm not. And you got him here from his phone. No. I was doing maybe. No. I'm still sitting there waiting man. They're still sitting there. They got their ear to the thing and they are like looking around and twiddler their thumbs and like, oh, what do we do now? Yeah, we don't hear too much. Here's a mobile in North Palm Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. We're all in a beard on hold. How are you doing? Pretty good. I'll see you on 22 minutes and 7 seconds. I'm just crazy. Well, what a Italian, so I'm growing a beard. Say, like, have a little bit of a chair on the give you. First about you're just even turning comment. you know, he originally made that religious comment, you know, I applauded him and I thought you just had a bite at the end of the day, but then he was confronted by Chris Matthews, an hardball. He really backed that all down. Yeah, he was talking about the way they forced him into a position and just like they asked him, I think it was Tim Russell, I think what you'd be going to church, you know, this Christmas and he said, yeah, I usually go to church on the holidays, you know, I mean, you know, why he does that? I don't know, but I mean, he says a lot of great stuff and he realizes now he's in a position that this is a country where you just can't see the truth, which is a shame, where he is. But I want to personally thank you for turning you on to the Tom Green Show. Right. I heard you mentioned that and I hate him to be like boys in that turn up, but I lost my ball locker. I was like, well, maybe I'll just just let you know. Well, maybe the last show that I saw this game. No, like that's where you're wrong. That was one of his best shows. I guess I didn't watch long enough, huh? Oh, did you see where you dressed up like a alien? It was hump in the outland in the past year. Right. You saw that you didn't even got the ball. Well, I mean, I've seen him do that thing with, you know, looking the teats and that. Well, I think the one with the account, the adult group on the microphone, I never got to see that. Oh, I love that was great. But that show is crazy. One of the best. I wish they'd play like a marathon or something on MTV. They are. The best time green stuff. A guy, one of our listeners sent me the tape from the old comedy that worked it out when Tom was still doing a show up there in Canada. I didn't know you before MTV decided to destroy his show. And then the whole tape is like just full of these 30 minute shows like a whole like a month a dozen of my guess and just the best. I mean, hysterical. What kind of these are you from? I think he's from Ottawa. He's great. And what's down is every time a show starts getting good, you know, it turns corporate than a newter of the. Yeah. And can be sooner or later MTV destroys everything of touches. That's a shame. It really is. But, uh, well, I guess I'm fresh out. I want to say that alien episode, it ever comes on again. You gotta watch a little bit of a hell, but that's a lot of 40, you know. And like great night George, everybody, he fishes off the old people in the end and they got to start screaming out of him and he chasing him into the park and out of the alien doll. It's a priceless humor. Okay. That's an original. My the audience. All right. See. Good day. Yeah. Poor Jesse. He said religion is for a week-minded people. It's a question. It's the God Dan Truth. And of course, here we are. I asked on Friday about this chronic business. What then they, I guess they're, yesterday I see on television all these people in school. First of all, is this a mirror where religious holiday? Oh, well, what's the point? What is the big sentence with this? What are they doing? And they're dovething in their hockey and a trident and they're singing a song. Threaded, raided, raided, raided, and they're spinning the dredal and like, it capples got the over's and under the on the dredal spin. What is it all about? Oh, it's tradition. We've been doing it for a thousand and a year. Well, stop already. Okay. Get a new tradition. Go through something worthwhile. Go through something that's really enjoyable and stop trying to convince yourself. This is a lot of fun. Oh, it's so much fun with a little kids in the drails. No, it's not. Like it's it's the, it's the caugas. This is the answer to the Easter egg hunt. This is the counterpart to it. The drails in the Hanukkah guilt. Here's a mobile and pop-in-o hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. How are you doing? Oh, I'm a lot of dogs never gonna get through. I'd like to get my name on that list of possible. Okay. After 22 minutes and 15 seconds, I guess you probably should. Well, I hopefully I'll win because I really need them for my wife for your wife. Well, yeah, actually we're separated, but yeah, that's one of the things we have in common. So maybe I can use this to break the ice. Well, we have what in common. But that's pretty far. Yeah, how much you're going to get for the tickets? Huh? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. How much would I give? No, I say how much are you gonna scalping for? No, no, no, no, no. How much I'm trying to get it to accept in the back of the ice? Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Oh, I give it to you to start talking again. Okay. We believe that George, no, but hang on. Yeah, he's going to scalping. He's going to scalping. Oh, yeah. That's all right. Like I said, what's the one in your hand? Do whatever you want would be used to get. Yeah. I'll do that too if you like. Okay. 19 passed noon is the tension continues mounting and building in here. Here's our good close friends from Atlantic City subs with the greatest damn stuff on the face of the year. Now, what is that? Why do you have one in a bag there? What is that? Like a beach steak? No, so none of the do you get special? I get a hot one. Here's for multi-birthday. Here's for a modern day. Hello. How you doing Neil? Pretty good, sir. Come and dive and take my little sister to the shoe. Want to go to the concert of birthday next week. My parents couldn't afford to get her tickets. So a lot of photos weren't the shot. Me, your parents wouldn't spend two grand for a couple of tickets. Strong with them. Take my kids. But if you kind of love to be in a list. How old is your sister, sir? 13. 13 perfect. Okay. Hang on. Thanks, Bill. Okay. Sir, desperate. Where I say, yeah. I want it that way. And I will say this even George likes that song. He admits to it. I'm sure there's probably other songs that he likes that they've done behaving admits to that, which for him is quite, you know, that's quite a concession from a hard-ass little spik. Who thinks he knows something about music and he doesn't. Here's a lady in Boca, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Great. I have a 14 year old daughter with a walking disability and she said this would be her all-time dream that has a front row of seats for the back street boy. Yeah. She says she wants it that way. She has a walking disability? Yes. What is it? She was a pre-mationally way, two pounds at birth and she just turned 14 on Friday. Wow. Wow. So, she beat all the odds. Uh huh. You know, I'm trying real hard to get these tickets for. Okay. Hang on, sweetheart. Squeeze real hard. Hang on. Okay. See, I listen, I believe anything. I'm gullible. Whatever stories these people make up that maybe and I don't want to sound insensitive. Like if I question the, the, the, the veracity of what he just said, that makes me sound like an insensitive son of a bitch, which I probably am anyway to be honest with you. No, I'm really not. Actually, I find that the other people I don't want to mention George against, but I just find generally speaking, like some of the music I'll play every now and then like that song by West Life. Jesus. I'll play stuff like that and I'm just so excited to just add the opportunity to play because I know that FM and its market sucks number one. Number two, the program director said, this market, they got no balls whatsoever and that's why they stick to the same 10 or 20 songs and they don't want to take any chances unless it's already in the established it. And I play something like that that I bring back from Europe that is so great and it just, uh, nothing. Nothing. I mean, once a while, get a call from somebody saying, oh, that really sucked. That's the worst thing you ever played. You know, then I'll get. But like just once for somebody to call it, you know, that was really fantastic. Working with get better. Working with your dad again. That would, did that ever happen? No, never. Never. So the person that called before an answer about why this is such a goddamn negative pound, maybe it's because there's somebody goddamn negative people here. I might have something to do with it. You think that might have like a little bit to do with it? Uh huh. That could be. Because I still say this could be paradise. It's not that I don't like this town. It's just that most of the people in its suck about 70%. For example, that thing I played before about the shopping and the malls and everything. Let me say this to you. I understand it's Hanukkah. It's Christmas. It's all this other stuff. You got to go out there and do your shopping and slip around and buy your holiday gift. But, but, as bad as you're driving usually is, it is so unacceptable right now. It is unfreeking, believable. And as much as I enjoy living out there and West Broward, I just want to tell you this. When you live near the saw grass on a weekend during a holiday, forget it. Just close the door, lock yourself in, stir up on a lot of beningeries. Ice cream and hope that the ball game is good, which it was on the yesterday. And that's it. Just don't leave the house. I had to go to Walgreens to pick up a prescription yesterday. I'm going to tell you just for my house to knob hill and sunrise and back. In the middle of the afternoon, it was like the end of the world. It was like, uh, we were having a bonnescere. A massive evacuation. That's something like that. Crazy people. Sloughing the saw grass. Look at what a lovely lunch we got there from Atlantic City, sub. Very Neil can say lovely. I can say it. Here's North Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, I am. I don't want tickets. I love the back shoe, but I'm sick. I can't go to the concert. But just on the chin out, I can back from Vegas. Right. And one day, with my kids and a bunch of friends, and I have friends with mine that did not put a penny in the casinos. And they had a great time for four days, which is visited all the casinos. They went to Hoover Dam and whatnot. And we just had a great time. I mean, even the children, which is 13 or 14, they hang out by themselves. Went through the arcades, the treasure island, and New York, New York, and they had a great time. What's not to like? It's just unbelievable. I was there in like a hard detail. Okay, feel better next week, Art. Thank you. Feel better. They had a great time in Vegas. How do you like that? I'm understanding, don't understand that. You got to go all the way out there. You got to get on some horse ball air lying. Maybe do a stop over in Dallas or Atlanta. Take seven hours to get there. Just in order to have a good time. Sped an arm and leg to get there. We're going to have just the equal good time here. Go on, have a good time here. Do we? That's all idea. I've told you that for years. That's the mentality here, especially the old parts and the religious genetics and all the other hypocrites. And the right wing assholes like the bush monster. Don't watch it. Have a good time. You're already getting the sunshine. You're supposed to sacrifice. Where is there any logic in that? They say that in San Diego. They said that in Hawaii. This is the only place in a world where the climate is pretty good, where we don't have freezing snow and crap. Where you're supposed to sacrifice something and exchange for a living where the climate's pretty good. What kind of bull crap is that? And just to show you what a good guy and you see these last people that are on there. Just go up and down the list and the right them down. You don't say? Because that don't have time to put them on here before the dry. But they already been on their waiting. Some of them like one 18 minutes and so on. If they want to be on the list, just off the air. What a nice guy in today. How do you like that? Yeah. Yeah. Come in here. I don't ask for much just give me a full net work. So a few pieces of equipment. Especially what they're supposed to. That's all it takes. That's what it takes to do the new around your show. That's all. Now look at a creative problem here. You ask holes. But when you're working for people that haven't got a clue more often than not. You're tearing your twist in your kishki's up. Okay. So we'll do the drawing at a couple of minutes here and somebody went to two max speed boys tickets for the concert tonight. I hope they have a spectacular time. It's dinner when so on and don't scout them for too much. The wear of exploding balls. Well they say I broke the law about it. Don't say a ring. But I swear my Bob won't say it's no. Sure it's right there in the King James. Don't take six, three. But I use my line. I am veto. You all would really like me if you can. There are chances of 42 times being involved. So they say I run the country from inside my pants just think you could have been stuck with Bob dolls. They don't care. Booze and ride is where I live. Don't care if I fly. If they just will still love me. Booze and ride is done. Where I live. Don't care if I fly. If you all still love me. They've been talking about my apple's high chance. My first turn. And I don't think they mean making these. My critics say I'm crazy. You're going to split them and add up. I'm born and you're the tech and I do. You don't care who I have done. Where I live. Don't care if I fly. All right Bob dolls. This meeting of the right wing conspiracy to warn Bob. What are we going to do about this, man? Here's a big last week we'd be keeping a foot behind there. Let me run back. Bob dolls are one of the American people. I remember when I was president back in there. Why don't you go back and sleep? Run. First whatever happened. I was photo of a ham and a new woman you said you had. You were supposed to back so smile. Read my left. No nude facts. Well we need something on this guy. Bob dolls. What's the matter the one now? I remember when money and I went to the white house. Yeah, Bob, Ronnie put your hand on the paint. I don't get it. We caught this guy literally with his pants down but people just don't care. There's you all still love me. Who's been great. Who I've been you, states. I want 30 and I think that's your all making money. Well 33 at 560 WQM. You know how nice everybody is on these days on these very rare, rare days like once about every two years now that you're something away. We don't give crap away on the year anymore. Notice how nice everybody is friendly. Happy. Best word. Did you mention that the list was shut down by the way. Oh go list this shut down by the way. So these people will stop calling. So quit bugging George please. Especially on his birthday. Don't bugging guy on his birthday please. Okay. Call if you want to speak to me but we're not taking any markers we're doing the drawing right now. Out of my old yarmacor. Look what this yarmacor did for me on whammy. Two by the way. Yeah. That's right. Go to show you all your people with your hannaker crab. Whammy. Give it to me. Look at one sure. And if you took the heat games away, they probably owe points. I better miss these up a little bit. Okay. Just give an out the number. We're not giving no name out on the year and then George will call and make sure that the person who has number three. Oh really? Oh well don't be looking like you're going to give the name out on the year. I'll bring your time. Can we give their first name to very time? No. Didn't they make up a last name and with my rocket will be the right one? Why do you want to give a first name out? Why don't you just give a guy? It's a guy. Yeah. Don't give any names out. Okay. I want this is $2,000 worth of tickets here based on the scouting price. I don't want some schmuck coming in here and grabbing up a hop it up a bunch of stuff. He just can also be can't help himself. Okay. Number three and George will call and find out where and who and what this guy is on about and if he can kidnap a couple of little girls and bring him there tonight and if so fine and if now we'll go back and draw another number. So stand by okay. Stand by. We'll give you the bad news in a moment because I'm sure the guy will be there waiting with bills on. Here's a calling. Laura Hill. Hello. How's it going? Pretty good sir. I thought never get through with all these people calling up for backseat boys tickets. You were in the list of words. You were number three of the warrior. I'm probably not. Damn it. I know. Hey, did you get to do the concert last night? No. No. Why not? Well, see the whole deal was that my tickets were for tonight and I thought they were for last night. Really? You got had a couple of my buddies at a link and then I thought they had you calling and I had them yell, will you? Fudge pack and tell the backseat boys. I guess you're not going to tell you. No. You get a couple where you fudge pack and pull the backseat boy. Okay. He's just obsessed. This guy is a good guy. Looks pretty good. I'll turn it that. He's just obsessed. Well, you fudge pack and where you fudge pack and where you fudge pack and one more come on. Where you fudge pack and thank you. I'm obsessed. I'm going to get you next year whoever is here. If they put that on the keychain. Yeah. Right after oil. If they put it on your fudge pack and after that, sell about 50,000. Amazing. Better get that straight. Now, too, with Carol Rod, you're good friends at center one about the thing with those keychains because the nephew says they're almost gone. And actually, well, what does that mean? Well, there was only a thousand of the begin with. Well, let's get another thousand. He's gone, but it would be. But well, let's just do a kid on the horn there with Carol over there at center one. We got 25 days left in December. In fact, I think what we ought to do is probably on another on a Tuesday night, do another pizza loft thing before they amont his aunt to make up for the fact that our sales department is bitterly let us down as here and drop the ball totally. There were two busy son of God and bogus golf term. Yeah. So in those promos. That's a problem with our sales department. When it comes to getting us in an appearance, like in a real place, pretty difficult to do. So I think maybe on a like a week from Tuesday night, week from tomorrow night, do another pizza lofty and have a whole bunch of keychains out there. We get a raise another 10, 20 grand easy. Easy. If you just do it right, get this stuff. Don't to, oh boy. Here's four miles, hello. What's up, Neil? How are you doing, sir? All right, happy board day, George. Happy birthday, George. All right. All right. Anyhow, I got a question. What is going on with Donald Trump? What is it with his idiot trying to do? There can I give you a three letter word? Oh, ego. I mean, I just, I did another three letter word. Ask. I just call, I just look at the detail of that tax plan. Yeah. You know, I mean, people would just for the stock market to try to get at it, get out. Get there at the sale. Move them overseas with that tax. I mean, sorry. Good to me. Well, I mean, I think he's trying to get away with it, just because he's rich. I mean, he's an idiot. He's a moron. He's a vacuum head. Okay. Who's who walks around. See, this is the new deal in America. If you got a lot of money, you think, God, I'm a sudden, you're a telemetry president. Whether it's a little bd odd Ross parole or Donald Trump or somebody's other asshole or Warren Bd. Who's the other one? Steve. Oh, yeah. Oh, forget that. Yeah. I don't know. He doesn't even have enough common sense to get his zits removed. You know? He was funny. I was lucky to see if they're there. There were a lot of colors were complaining in, calling it complaining that that's your character, or Allen keys, they didn't get into doing the media. He, you know, something the fact that they're putting him on there for even three seconds, that's his due and then some. No, he reminds me of that JC Watts, the Congressman from Oklahoma, the dark complexed ex football playing sports. Yeah, my mom was that light and self-hating piece of grant. What did you use to play for? What did you go to play for? Yeah, I don't know who you played for. I think you play with himself a lot lately. Oh, okay. I know well anyways, because I'll tell you one thing is what does that I like the man? I would not take Roth for granted. I am into the payday next year. You didn't jump out into this thing. Good money talks and BS walks. Yeah, that is what I do. Yeah. All right. Well, nonetheless, I just want to say, so what does that mean, well, just I mean, just because he's going to take some votes just like a 92, he's going to take some votes away from some people. Yeah. I just don't think anybody should take Roth for all for granted. As much as you and I may not like the man, I think his school is just taking his for granted. Yeah. I don't know. You know, that's something about two feet tall. It's difficult not to take him for granted. You don't say. It's not to step on him. Yeah, I hear you. Or anyway, I just want to say it's obvious to me what is just on a different note. It's obvious to me what a fuckhole, can both camp or in Joe Rose arc. What's that? Well, just okay. Yeah. I'm not thinking of that. Yeah, he was not a long time before he finally said crap. Yes, I've already spoken to our winners so the people calling up going, is it me? Did I win? Was it me? No, no, no, no, no, no. Was it you? No, you? No, them? No, no. These over here? No. No, the guy that George already talked was going to come pick up the tickets. By the way, here they are. So it's all over with nice corner Neil, by the way, you're going to make somebody happy. Did he who is now the who was he? Did he have a daughter or something? Do we know what what is it? Do you remember who he was? Yeah, made a dog guy with a daughter, right? Some straight guy? Sounded. Ah, that's what he said. They all do. Oh, this isn't the guy that had the 16 year old football playing so that's got a boyfriend. No, I mean, stop that. Well, yeah, maybe you son really would like to be on a wrestling team instead of the football team, right? Maybe he has some wrestling with his conscience. So the son was cute. 24, one at five, 60 WQA in the heart. You're not a fighting. What a what a your wonder. Wow. You beat the bitch up. I'm not your man and who's a your father the way you live. They're doing the way to the. How 47 at five, 60 WQA and I want to tell you that the land of city subs are good. But he's got over there's got great party players for the holidays. I think you're who else has got great party players for holidays. Are buddy Chuck right over the sub center. If you're over here. Huh, why's got that sign on the side where you should say for a good time, listen to Neil, but he wants to use it not a promote his holiday stuff and why not? So that's the sub center on the corner of 441 and I was very good. But he chuck and also our friend Scott over Atlantic City subs, which is up there in Hollywood. 33, 55 sure in the street. Great stuff. Unbelievable. Great. You can you can smell it. Probably right over here now. Fantastic. Unbeatable. Thanks, Scott. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hello, my hon. Yes, sir. It sounds like you. Hey, are you doing Neil? I'm American, the hungrikin. And I mean, the hung as in the origin, not the, you know what I'm saying. Yeah. And I had a revelation last night. And it's about religion. I'm wondering, people like Gandhi and Martin Luther King would they be saints if they were, you know, 2,000 years ago when people were uneducated and no communication. Because it seems like, you know, like then I might have been because they're like people addressed like that, you know. Well, I mean, they liked them for, you know, looking under the scared not for you know what he was spouting out of his mouth. I like the Pope, same with the Pope. They look like I'm like looking under the dress, but they don't want to hear the message. There you go. Hey, the other one is is if he is our father, then that means the big bang was when he got his rock soft, right? Uh-huh. Oh, good. Yeah. There you go. Every now and then we have a recurrence ever see those volcanoes like in a line. Oh, wow. You may must, I must have some hot chicks up there. I think it may be actually turning to a cat, but just to go, uh, see if they'll share a little bit with. Well, the cat looks about the hot chicks in the altar board, so take your pick up. Have a great day. Good luck. Yeah. Five, six, seven, five, six, he pound five, six, the only 18 T wireless line. Here's a call from home instead. Hello. Yeah. What's up? How are you doing, sir? All right. Remember that's what you were talking about uh things you like about your show and things you don't like about your show. I was, uh, maybe not. But five, six, seven, five, six, deep pound five, six, the only 18 T wireless line. How long have you waited for that? Not long enough. Well, of course, these in home instead, you know what their uh, mental initials in home instead. Yeah. We're not doing quite so well since that hurricane, you know, with all the new apologies. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the 18 T line. What did different to any amount of calls you're not as, uh, for the first two and a half hours, just you haven't talking about. Yeah. And by the weather's still calling. And by and what did they still call them for? When the mostly. Hang on. Are you in the two later? You still given the tickets to the two. It's too late. Yeah. Is it too late? Yeah. Are they gone? Yeah. Somebody get them all ready. So we have anymore. No. Okay. Stop. Stop. Oh, I will say this, uh, of course, because we have far more mental seen in the moment all the time. They outnumber them dramatically. Most of the callers we had for the freebies were men. Here's having Tura. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? I'm doing the same thing. Okay. I spoke to George before and I wanted to tell him that, uh, you know, happy birthday. Happy birthday, George. And also, I, I, uh, miss you from watching you on, uh, where I mean, I was talking to George before about that. Yeah. And he was telling what happened there. But, you know, I first, I think you're, you're the, got the best personality in the East Coast. I don't know about the West Coast. That's why we're saying, you know, I was born down in my, in my son and hospital. I think that's, that's what was an abortion. That station is an abortion. That station was very much like this radio station. They had something good there. Only they didn't know how to present it. Well, how can we get they made it all out there? They're like this radio station. They made no effort. They just thought they could throw a bunch of crap on there. Yeah. Yeah. People couldn't see couldn't hear and just slap it on there and they would get an audience. That's why I want that way. I say, you know, I'm, I'm upset because I've been going to the bottom of the game for 1972, but you can talk about anything to you. And I still upset about that game yesterday, but, you know, talking to you and listening to you make make somebody feel better. Number one, not just about the game. Number two is you have the best personality that I've ever heard of. Anybody that's on television or any on radio. How are you supposed to allow, but you say what you feel and that's what this culture's about, you know, libertism freedom. And I'm looking for it. Yeah. And how can I, you know, my brothers, love you, my parents love you. We were watching you on Wami. How can I, how can we get to, you who can we call a Wami or any other television station to get you back on? How can we, what, what happened? It won't happen. No. Is it on TV? What? Would you want to be on TV? No. You wouldn't want that. Well, not here. Well, I'm not here. Well, I'm not here. What would be the benefit? What is the benefit? I mean, I'm, the amount of money that I was making from that show. You could stick in a, you know, in your back room have changed, you know? Yeah, I'm, I don't know if you make money on TV, then the radio, I don't know that. There was no money in that thing. It was like, like I said, pocket change. So more on the radio, you're saying of course. Well, long ago, I could hear you, if I can't see you on TV, I could hear you. Okay. Okay. We're great. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm going to go tell myself off right now. Woo. Heavy duty, baby. And now for your talking. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, where I was, I mean, I got 16, 7, the other open lines here. By the way, bad news, empty seats caused concern says Bob McKenzie and a hockey news. I'm in Tony this. A lot of empty seats all over the league. And guess which team is like second to last in terms of the worst attendance drop from last year this year? Worst is the Washington caps. They got that nor greener downtown. Is anybody going? No. No, their average attendance was 17, 855 last year in the old joint this year in their new place. 12,000, 200, they're down 32 percent. Oh, Washington, Crap's 32 percent. Oh, and in fact, the course they moved downtown where nobody wants to go in DC. And the fact they got a very boring, a trapping team. Anybody want to go CMD? Oh, there were just here Saturday. Sure I'll play the hot of us. Thank God for Trevor Kid, baby. But Florida number 26, in other words, the second worst decline in the league. The Panther attendance has declined 17 percent from last year this year from 18558 average last year, the 15428, which we didn't make on Saturday. By the way, down 17 percent, down well over 3,000 in the game average. Have we had one cell out this year? No. No. And I'll say it again. They've outpriced the public. They've squeezed as much blood as they can get out of a rock and there's nothing left. Just can't get it any more way. And I'm sorry, Bowley, but they haven't got any money left. They hand over to it. Not to mention the crappy food over price. 560560, 560, on the 18 T line. Here's Naples. Hello. Anyhow you doing? Okay, sir. I got it. You got one. All right. By keychain. Great. After about two and a half weeks it finally came out of our Friday. I've been having so much fun with this thing. It's fun believe everybody should have one. I'm amazed that we don't have another box coming in already with least another 2000. I've got a suggestion. The good mind. I would be willing to pay up to another 20 bucks for one of these things. If you could direct the sound that you wanted, the particular sound you were looking for instead of just pressing it and being at the random selection, the mercy of the machine. You think that'd be possible? Well, I don't understand what you mean. In other words, like, have different buttons on there? Have like four buttons. One of each corner and two modes. No, and you can switch. And I would have been more expensive than we wanted to buy the profit of the charity. I think we could have a pretty good one. What is it? I think people would spend the extra money. I know I would. Yeah. Because I'm doing the Neil Rogers show all over the world. Which one did you want most of the time? Like, that one? I like to be able to come up with the one. I like that. I thought I liked that one a lot. Of course I like rectum. Like, what did you say this man just said he like, he wants to act like that. Wow. Better trace this call. All right. Okay. You're over in the West Coast. Okay. It's not that easy. I like the, wow. This guy's this guy out of controller. What? Eeeeh. Okay. We just heard from one of the beeslies, obviously. He's getting likes rectum. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. How come the lady in Bokus been on there for like forever? He said you hanging on here for about five hours. Hello. I'm just waiting to talk to you, Neil. There you go. Yeah. I went. I'm not going to lie. I would mind having back street tickets. Yeah. You know what? Couldn't get him. Yeah. Do it. You know? Why do you give it your best shot? Why don't you fix that guy in California? So, if you have something like that. What I'm calling about is this, the guy in proceeding me on this line from Fort Myers. He was talking about Donald Trump or Trump. The thing is going on is he's got a book coming out in January. So he wants to play everybody on this presidential deal till February. So that way his book sales goes through the roof and Mr. Trump will make some more money. So, you know, that's the deal with him. Yeah. I can't wait to subsidize Donald Trump not. I mean, such a boring guy. I mean, okay. Made a lot of money. But so did Ross P. Roll make a lot of money and they're both boring. Absolutely. And if you notice, you need the hairpiece and the very worst way. That's really. He needs to go see Chuck Alfie or a van like he's not like a two flip piece of hair that each whistle around is head. I mean, it's up with that. His hair looks like Egorus. He's more of a Halloween person than a Christmas person. But you buy the book and let me know how you like it. I don't think so. Okay. Have a great day. You too. Prop 57 at 5.50 QAM. Oh, I'm goodness. What the hell am I doing here? For Peach Alobne, no less. Whatever happened to our good buddy, Jeff Cohen, and Peach Alobne. We haven't seen in the coolant's age. Yeah. He called this morning and said, happy birthday. Come over neat for free. There you go. Like I said, I think we from the Marlboro. We ought to go over to Peach Alobne to do another appearance. Only though only if we can get a whole bunch of key chains. That's the, how long did it take to get those made up? 100 years. Remember that was a problem. We kept waiting and waiting. There was all these snacks. Yeah. We ordered a new batch. It's going to at least be another month or another. Well, can we can we look into that? Can we at least make them in a little effort to plan out? I don't know. I'll already have this. I was discussing with Carol on that. And the thing in the, no, there's no way that it's going to make it before the end of the year. Like I said, we won't be at Peach Alobne next week. But not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. My favorite bear being. You can do all these barrio. And just style to my hair. And like, let the red be well. I can't stop them. And do the round them. So why used to be a star. He's more popular by far than fun. The death of your and food you make this go. Now I'm thinking about your song on the baby. Oh, it's a cop. You're a dead of the eaters. I'm a him shaking. They're in the green of the cup. The cop. The cop at the bea. They get in your heart. And just like me, the martini's a cop. The cop at the bea. And the shaking, they're in the genome. The cop at the bea. They get in your heart. And just like me, the martini's a cop. And the cop at the bea. And the martini's shaking. They're in the feed. Okay, get the host. One, two, three, five, six. The WCM, which are big one to two. Our giveaway of pair of back sweet boys tickets for tonight's big concert. The macarine. And then John penis. Who was in here begging for those tickets. Pleading. Carrying on like a child. And guess what, Johnny? And she's still five six, seven, five, six. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Pomp five, six. On the AT&T line. Eight, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, six, three, four, five. On the World Famous America line. Here's pepper pun. Hello. Hey, how are you doing now? Okay sir. First off, I wanted to say, you know, the best thing you play a man is, you, I don't have a career in ages. The one we talking about cream on those bars. Got going, running off the bus. Do you know that? No, we need that to be on a key. You can't tell. Well, long thing. Well, I found that. Well, that's like a foot for second clip right now. Okay. I'm looking forward to it now. I'm still waiting for it. I don't know if it's down and two to go. Three five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five. That's the key. That's not a bus out of our budget. It does. That's the gift you are like. I feel you're far reversing feel that I've picked first. That will prove you're an effort by the arena. Through the bars, play with the time to go right up the foot. Right up the foot. Right up the foot. That's not that. He's back at our side. What a pair of that. Lisa's contained that I thought. What are you thinking about Billy's out? I'm not me. Yeah, that's only 35 seconds. Well, I'm sorry. You know, well, you're just thinking you don't even put the part where he says Cleanser goes off the button and that's the gut. Well, you know, you can use a play like men and they look like women. That's better. Yeah. That does satisfy like a lot of the reporters more like, you know, especially Danny Boyd. But I want to let you know. I'm going to make sure that's I think. I know that. Yeah. But I want to say it, but I have to do speech last week in one of my college classes. This phone line is like the end of the world. I'm sure it's your phone line. I'm okay. Is that all the better? No. Okay. Well, I do speech last week. And I did it on legalization of prosecution. Yeah. And I had some FNH. You could say, I used to announce you have Amsterdam. And she said, Amsterdam is 30. Yeah. I said, after you give it a little for. Yeah. They kind of like that. Well, what do you want to be a security city? What the hell did you write for? And you know where she was from? Germany. I was like, yeah. You know, that's the world. And guess what? The Dutch hate the Germans like poison by the way, sir. They're going to like what I told her. They hear somebody speaking German. Your hair stands straight up on end. I can't imagine why. And she was sad too. Okay. Well, get an informed economy back someday. Wow. I feel so much better now. We got that buzz off there. Here's the buzz with Lori Hibberd. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a four-laternal. Hello. What's your, what just happened here? Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. There you are. Yes. I got my keychain. I went down to see George and Saturday. And I had a lot of fun. And to that guy that says that it's random. Well, he would just cycle through the drops. It's not random. Yeah. Well, he see you're going too fast. We're going a little bit too slow for that. Yeah. Yeah. So, that's a great thing. I mean, you know, considering the fact that we've never had anything like this before, I think these are spectacular. But leave it to somebody in this audience, always do what you know, always have a complaint. It's never good enough. It's never the way they want it. It's not a dancing role with these, except that we don't have enough of them. Yup. Well, there was a whole box load of them there on Saturday. Yeah, but they're going like hotcakes, man. No, but they're going like potato locus of Hanukkah time. Well, is that now? Exactly. Yep, so Neil, I was wishing you a... ... kind of a sim card and a happy corn to do. Okay, and Zagazon. 560, 750, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T line. Let's give away another pair of tickets. It's a little curious up to 2 o'clock. Yes, if I was smart, I would have done like to about 140. No, seriously, I wouldn't just kill the whole Monday. I couldn't do that though, because I wanted to make sure that we got the winner before, you know, given enough time to get out here and get the tickets. Because you know, this place, our office might have to close a little bit early today because we'll make up some reason. Because maybe somebody tripped over the tile out there in the hallway. Oh, yeah, we got a few tiles laid down in a hallway out there, you know, a big project we got going. We got about six tiles out there in the hallway. In our 25-year project. Here's a call in Davy, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been a while since I heard you've got the Hay of Voice again. I'm right. Three weeks in the Brow County Motel. And if it wasn't for the crackheads and the post-smoke is that they'd have about 10% 90% left of business. Right. Anyway, I just wanted to say, it's good to hear your voice. I survived without becoming a born again Christian. Good. And I'll be seeing it the hard to get. Okay, and understand you're only doing the five step program. That's good. Have a great thing. Okay, there's a guy who got out. Yeah, let's get all those drug people in jail, baby. Yeah, it's big thing. We got to get everybody that ever swine. It's got like a ping-joon in your anctuary. You're all going to jail today. Oh, the holiday is just in time. That's what Ken Jenny says. 4,800 open lines. 5, 6, 705, 60, pon 5, 60 on the AT&T line. This is the Neil Roger show. That's just a brain. Any question? I am everybody. This is soon. Are you ready to rumble with me and last vagus this Friday night for slutfest 99? It figures to be a wild time when all the horrors and slots in trailer park sgain from the farthest corners of the US converge on the vagus rip to kick off Squatfest 99. I'll be there to give you all the play by play action in the oral and anal competition. Some of your favorites slutting horrors will be their buying, Fritation, valuable prizes. Slutfest 99 is brought to you through the courtesy of 4 male sausages. 4 male, the name to remember when you want quality winners. You think me, think for male, where old, beef and forefathers are slaughtered right on the premises. As we say at the point, the sound of squealing page is music to our ears. So remember to pencil in the day this Friday night at pinned to him for slutfest 99. This is in Sparys saying goodbye for now. 1,4, 85, 60, WCM is due to front page yesterday's Sun Channel wrong side mistakes in surgery shot board as in 7 or 40 cases heard are connected to the errors. Errors, oh my god, I made a little bit of mistake. And then it goes down here and list them and I said, Sir, do we have to do it around here? I'm telling you man, what am I always told you about? I atrogetic diseases which are diseases or illnesses caused by doctors and in hospitals and about hospitals being the breeding ground for death, bacteria and death, who are strained to bacteria that they can't get rid of. One of the physicians who is pegged in this deal, Dr. Vincent Hans of Brandon, who operated on a patient's right finger instead of the right middle finger, which suffered from a trigger finger. Repromended fine five of grand in order to attend continuing education under gullacuality assurance review and again the finger. Dr. David Kirk's Spiral of Winter Haven made an incision for mastectomy, and only a small lumpectomy until these are minor ones. Where's the good ones? Here's a Dr. and Clearwater form, perform an arthroscopic surgery on a wrong knee. Here's Dr. Walter Chown in Beverly Hills who initiated knee surgery on a wrong knee. Dr. Francesco Borchai and Miami who operated on the rear rather than the front portion of a patient's heel. He operated on a back-toe rear. Dr. Danielle Paul Greenwall, the Tampa who operated on the wrong finger. Dr. Horace and the Relicera soda performed wrong sighted herniated dis-back surgery. And a whole bunch of these other things, okay? Which you've heard about these stories. They took out the wrong lung. They took out one of the other things. They took out one of the other things. They took out his kidney. Just a little minor things like that. Yeah. They got one of the nerve-racking. They took out his nuts off. Just a little minor mistakes. They make like that. Here's a lady mobile and pepper pine, shall I? Hello, Neil. Happy birthday. I have not had the pleasure of listening to you for a while, but I didn't remember that you had a birthday in November. We both shared the same month so on. Okay. Same thing. Long felt sentiments. Listen, where's Henry these days? Where's Henry? So, Henry. Really? Henry. He's in California where he has been. Oh, yes. Yeah. Okay. I know he stayed down here. Okay. Enjoy the show when I can listen to it. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Good new phone. Like we story. 560, 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Are you sure positive? Wow. Here's Naples. Hello. Neil God. Yes, sir. Hey, the funny thing is with those doctors stories is all the insurance companies. They probably paid those claims. Pay those doctors right away for those deals. Oh. So, Colin regarding the key change. I just had to throw in my two cents on the fact that next year, if they get made or whatever. If they could make them to fill that day. Run on a triple A's or something because I already burned out my battery. Really? Yep. And if you take it apart, it's Colin for three like watch batteries. Mm-hmm. And by the time I pulled the cash for three of them, it's a bunch of the key change ones we've been in with. It is. Wow. About. So, if you start a couple triple A's or something, they're the all set. Make it down. Go on. Do this. Okay. What's the thought? We'll work on it. Okay. Okay. They're reinventing the car now. Is what they're doing. They're reinventing the wheel of the car. The microphone. The telephone, like they're doing here at QAM. A week after an actual Academy of Sciences report Play medical errors were causing more deaths nationwide than breast cancer or highway accidents. Florida's Board of Medicine faced an unprecedented number of surgical error hearings. How do you like that? Let me say it again. More deaths nationwide from medical errors than from breast cancer or highway accidents. How do you like that? As your doctors go and. Yeah. How about that? How about them, road apples, huh? And by the way, who's this guy from the today's show? I never heard of this guy. Like I busted on drug charges right here in town. And you're a group. Again, I never heard of him. So I'm a couple of times. He's one of those. A lot of the one in the world. I'm a little bit scared of him because I don't want to this today. I wouldn't watch the today show if you paid me by the minute. Got his at a bench show. The wife keeps putting it on. Why? The bad show. She got a thing from Matt Lauer rhymes with salad. She rhymes with salad with the other guy. Right, gumbel. He found a channel for now. And why is she like that? She's like, no, she just likes those shows with the interviews and crap. Oh my god. He from the room. It says the gadget guru needs a legal guru and he has a very good job. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He got 100 milligrams twice a day. He has been, I will not tell you about his ¿? He's a good guy. Jonathan Laby once again. Was done 50,000. Robert B Shen.лен Musk Rao Johnson He probably. Was.esc leveling. He's a 3 than 500,000. He was for $100,000. He's really skinny. He got me to hit him because he's a 16 How much did I take? Yeah, 100 milligrams twice a day. Okay, I'm sorry. No, I'm not And he results or as you said Very happy with it. Yeah, great stuff. Okay. Appreciate I don't know. I don't know if it's the, well, I'm sure that it's the The drugs here. I got everybody off of that drug and other gonna blame you for the crock Now I'm trying to the cholesterol stuff that was in that book by McCallie Colkan My life in drugs with Michael Jackson was not the name of the book. Yeah You'll end it out to the Michael Jackson days by McCallie Colkan said do not take protocol and the Zocore All is in and I'm back in a practical and my cholesterol. It's like a miracle man So all I can do is report what does going on until they put me in the ground five six seven Oh five sixty palm five sixty on the 18t line here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Leo yes, sir. How are you today? Okay? I have a spiral port for you There is Lawrence Taylor and Pedro Guerrero both drug addicts and sellers are right now playing golf at international links in 37,000 14th street great I mean the link wins attract the link wins I guess huh? Yeah That's what I got it today. Okay. Thanks. Go say how do you probably would it with him too? And maybe maybe what's his name roll? He's hanging out 400 open lines. Well, I'd tell you one thing it's a far cry from what all nine lines are all lined up What those guys in giveaways? I think I'm just gonna start doing giveaways every day That's the way to get the phone to ring whether they work or not just do giveaways every day everybody's pleasant Everybody's just racing to the phone still hang on forever and then the sooner those minute that it's over baby out of that out of yos nice no any of fat show Five six seven. Oh five all those eights and in people I see it the panther games your big game like Saturday night And I mentioned the thing about the attendance there and about Trevor kid and a whole bunch of other stuff Have they got anything to say about that? Oh no just like I was telling Al Strack and I started a phone You can't complain about the hockey knowledge down here because there is a lot of nice people go to those games I mean a lot of very nice people there at the macarina every game But they're knowledge about the game is Someone who did I think you might say and I learned in too fast it's kind of a slow process. Yeah, you follow my drip slow process baby Here's a call from gamesville. Hello. Hey, no, yes sir Did you happen to see the the Florida Alabama football games? No, I did not I was at the Panther game while I was going on Oh, well, who the panthers plan I wasn't the Washington cravetals all that much there were really bread of your body It was okay. We had about 15,000 was all right. I know I've never been to the the NCRC I used to what so then why do you say that in such a negative way way like you know? I mean I'd rather grant you the caps aren't that great of a draw But it seems that no matter who we play the attendance is pretty much about the same Even if I've never been the NCRC myself But I figured you bring a decent team in a Detroit maybe now they've been sell out that game That was the biggest attendance, but the Ranger game they didn't sell out the flyer game They didn't sell on we haven't sold a game out this season People can't know it's not terrible a people can't afford it It can't afford the punishment number one. It's not a hockey town to begin with and number two of the public can't afford the punishment. I don't play them I want to like you know that up here tonight Get you coming to speak at UF Heinrich him where almost is good Jesse Jackson. No, that's good as you know clue Who's with a B Barton Norman who is it ballspot ballspotler King? Yeah, that would have been a lost bro. No, birthmark Birthmark what's his name Gorbachev? Yep really yeah, he's coming to speak in I free Gorbachev go be staying great. We're Montefour head for us Oh, yeah, I can't wait We're probably everybody's gonna go to the basketball center there and it's gonna be interesting You know it's a once in a lifetime thing to think about it like that who had a lot to do with my generation It's a once in a lifetime thing to go see in the Kyle Gorbachev how the other go see the Kyle still ankle Okay, listen have a good time pal 5605 so he's never been to the end to center. What does he know he's like the other people down hit it on the cows still ankle from you know boy from like Hunt 560560 pound five 60 on the AT and T line and the toll free line where we just had that great call from Gainville Oh, young man. It's gonna go see Gorbachev You know something he could be speaking at the convenience store over there on the Ivory road. I wouldn't go over there the same speak What do I want to see him for? Well, what's the point? Would you go see him? No, I already know communism's bad Well, he knows that too, but I mean wants to go to different what? I'm gonna add to that why would we want to go see him when we could go see Fidel who's gonna choose out about that little kid? He's gonna show us he's gonna stick his cigar here Acto better watch it mister. That's right and light it from the inside Here's a mobile in Papino. Hello Mobile in Papino. Hey, you'll happy all of these boys. You're saying the use here. Thank you. I just wanted to call about that a call I'm saying word if you don't mind Yeah, as gross as the ads are and you Advertisement at all. I gotta say I've been on it for one month and I have not experienced anything that the ads Thank God for that And I will You know because maybe they just say that to attracted tension you know because everybody in their brother is talking about Jenna Kelley I think because it was ads Well, no way shape or form do I have anything to do? I don't even know who the whole the company is. It makes it But I've been extremely happy with it when you feel the urge you got plenty of time to find a nice clean that It's not like you have to rush right away to the first to hold in the ground. Well, you know There's also you know if you speak to the doctor put you on you have nothing to worry about I think it once it made it better and I haven't had any problems and I think where the people When I the problem wise are the people that did and have a Glogg and water of pizza with double cheese You know I'm so forth. Yeah, those are the people that had that kind of go wish that they have a TV in the bathroom And but if you follow your diet I think it's it's great right now I just hope a couple years down the road to some other other fun fun type things But it's helping me more accurately right now. Okay. Well keep it up pal. Thanks buddy. Good luck to you. Thank you. Stay near the house 126 at 560 WQM anybody else out there taking Zenika. Oh, that's right. I forgot if they are they probably don't have time to get in your rest I don't think I've the portal phone in the in the magic room Here's the best news in the world if anybody wants any more back-to-be boys tickets Stop spreading the disease Start spraying today cause all of fog's are infected New York New York And stuff delighted Don't want it no way Don't go outside for thou get fixed New York New York Right I want to find out where they came from that give them facts I got a pretty good guess Probably I rack the radicals from the damn the needles A dough in a way We're gonna make the best of it in all New York They're spraying everywhere And even The air they took over New York New York Listen to skittles and add a might out That's all the happiness of everybody to the anti-bana man 132 at five sixty wqm here's the a great news from today which is all part of a that's the American A 13 year old middle school student wounded four of his classmates this morning Before being subdued with a gun skill in his hand authority said a fifth student reportedly suffered bumps in bruises How's that thing gold bumps and bruises can How's that go sticks and stones or hurt your bone something like that? The wounded were taken on hospitals and Tulsa and Miss Miss Miss Skogi Oh, that's a good southern name is it? Miss Miss Skogi? None of the injuries appeared life threatening. Thank the Lord. Thank God He doesn't even know who it was that he shot said Miss Skogi County Sheriff Deputy Terry Craig Who was spoke to the boy briefly in the isolation cell at the county jail There was this wasn't a hate thing. I asked him why he you know what he said Can't some why did you do it you want to know the answer wait to hear this I don't know Why do you show them I don't know why did you do it? I don't know what's it all about I don't know How much is one in one I don't know Your mama I don't know Details of the capture were unclear Craig said the boy was still trying to pull the trigger Before getting off his who's arrived he was trying to up to still try to pull it Superintendency Wilma said he understood the science teacher grabbed the gun from the boy and press him against the brick wall at a way to go baby Craig said the boy did not appear remorse will I had a blank look on his post He was looking around the cell when Craig saw him I understand he just got there when the Saturday starts shooting pulled out a gun and started shooting I guess what if he wouldn't have had a gun? We wouldn't have been able to show it Yeah, 13 year old boys would gun Sorry if I want you gun hundreds you squeezes you crazy to the crazy frickin Americans out there you've done lovers you bullet suckers Nice there you go say you have to day after day week after week after week and what are we worried about We heard from that Mars the lunar oh no Haven't heard from that thing yet Here's a lady mobile and vocalo Yeah, I know have you in great I Followed you onto the act inside it right and real Michael Astral and I was told that this would help Get it down What happened you went off it you and this medication seems to be working for you now yeah advice stay on it Loosen weight but cholesterol right now is guy. Hi, did you ever go down from it? But when I first did yet can do went way down went down like 180 wow For some people some people it goes way down other people doesn't work All right, well, how high is your cholesterol three oh? Not for you then no now how long did it take for you to drop? month or two okay, I'm not going on like three weeks. Yeah Well, what was your cholesterol when you started? Probably somewhere on the same I don't think it's changed at all Uh But I'm going to go ahead of a doctor of you got Yeah, one that's watching if I get into him on time I don't want to drop dead that before the Special drops. Yeah, well, then you're going to put you on anything for it? Yeah, I just think I can't from blood work today. What's the name of this stuff you're on? Predacle Predacle all right I will mention it to him no side effects, huh? Not yet I'll leave it up for this burning oozing feeling. I have any loose These tools but other than that. No, that's it And I hate to find stuff. Yeah, okay. Good luck sweetheart. Thanks How about on the egg can die at since let's see what time is it now since about 9 o'clock last night that's 12 and the floor is just 60 16 hours and 37 minutes up and on the egg can die never felt better Actually, no feel a lot of great. You know, I think those three don't have so I had Friday Hey, you dunk in donuts people you know you got quite a sense of humor I was only joking about bringing in jelly donuts for Hanukkah. They're good guys, but they're trying to kill me First with that heavy, you know, that's very good that breakfast sausage patty thing they make would like less than 16 pattys That would be good. I asked them for the short stack Jesus, correct. Have you ever seen a patty melt? Man Whoo people trying to kill me with food. I'm getting really tearing up But we love our friends and duck and donuts, but stop breaking the goddamn donuts and here for dive Betics are you people crazy and they said if you don't eat least three of them we're gonna be pissed off and so I did My mother by the way never heard that Of jelly donuts on Hanukkah. She never heard that she said she thinks it's another bubble my see And if anybody knows your bubble my sees Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello, and you'll how you doing. Okay, sir What's my first hockey game the other night at the macarina? Oh, what's Saturday? Yes, I'm so sorry. Oh, not really too bad. I had C2213 rose off the ice. It's pretty good But the asshole and front of me insisted on talking on his mobile phone half the night and waving the people that he knew in the audience Oh, that's definitely for you. Gotta take your hand Well, and in any event I just wanted to tell you that I enjoyed watching the capitals and I enjoyed watching the game and I enjoyed hockey because of you I'm gonna add asshole in front of me your wife looks pretty good next time sent her to the arena alone. Okay, okay All right Yeah, Trevor kid was great the arena was very enthusiastic about this spectacular performance It's Trevor kid our great goal tender was playing better than ever has in his life that's going our Trevor Thank God for him Other than the two goals we got other than that it was pretty desperate. I mean really desperate But we want to game that's all accounts. We won. We won us. We feel better about us 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T line and that out of town line other than that call from Gainesville Which was pretty marginal at best 87 775 63 45 Marlboro given away tickets to last year's concert Yeah, oh, by the way the paper says this is the first time the backseat boys have been in South Florida is that correct On the mistake some of us saw them at the pneumonia palace up there at the Kroesca amphitheater last spring Okay up there in West Palm Beach which last time I checked is still South Florida Just mistake after mistake after mistake For the land of the free in the home of your grave. What kind of a line is that Susan? Rowish warts whatever your name is there in a herald Can't get anything right Don't know what it is, but it's moving Nothing to worry You followed guys the band this is the same thing Well, where oh, where can her killer be? Why don't they arrest the ramps? There's no way that these people should still be free I should be done by someone in her family Will it stand a few years just been white awhile They haven't what no one too trial they have no leads So they say if I was them I would ask okay No one was there except their family that night Something stinks bad something it just right What is cop? I'd like to see Are they from the police academy movies? Well, where oh, where can her killer be? What does the arrest the ramps be? There's no way that these people should still be free And should be done by someone in her family Oh man, that is so bad I mean so bad I just thought that like the demonstration purposes 146 at 560 WQA I'm just goes to show you man's getting really desperate out there in the free world Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello New York you were talking about your restaurant medicine Yeah Did I hear you say something? There's other things you can take the off set it Off set one Well, the instead of taking a photo Oh doctor show now. I'm not a doctor. What does that mean? No, you some guy called Jeff and Ash happening milligrams a day you were taking No, I wasn't that nothing to do with cholesterol. It's cooked you ten minutes so for your heart There's nothing to do with cholesterol I thought you were talking about cholesterol medicine because I'm on it not like taking it off You're on the one I'm on the court now Huh? I'm on so court now. How is it doing for you? It's still a great. I don't have any problems. So that was the problem My cholesterol was high. How high was it? 27280. And what is it now? 22210. That's not so good. Let's be deal with that. Well, it beats the hell out of 280. Yeah My was on protocol on that quit working and then he switched me over to this Zevacoor or whatever it is And in that quit working and he says well double up every other day. Oh You know what you need to switch to? When new doctor. Yeah, maybe find a real doctor pal Find somebody that ain't gonna take off to you wrong nut please before it's too late 560 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T lines welcome to the Neela doctor show Love that cook you 10 baby love that anti-hombo-sistine formula nothing worse than having a high-hombo level Here's a mobile in Weston hello Hi Neela first time caller happy. I'm a car I'm a doctor on Zenecael. You're a doctor on Zenecael? Yeah, and the way it works actually is instead of the Fiat being absorbed in the lining of the intestine it's absorbed in the lining of your pants Right This is a plate of traffic and I've had several Zenecael moments and Do in my impression of the exons out these and It is Having your diet if you treat cheap and have a higher fatty meal In other words, if you eat a lot of lettuce all day you should be okay It's a little bit don't even bother taking the film because it only blocks one third of the fat Don't even waste a pill unless you're gonna have something that's awesome In other words, the only thing that this drug does is it blocks fat it's a fat blocker That's all it does. It's a fat blocker for alticoccus Yeah, I've been A Florida native listening to you for a long time, but I didn't Detroit area for the last four years and Just before I left they changed the format of one of the FM stations up there and it's all SM plot now Yeah, and That was a great format change. We should do that down here now. Oh, listen, these these programmers down here I mean they're they're coolists. We should have talked on if in here about 20 years ago But I mean I did it on Zayda for a year that's you anytime we ever had it down here We kicked everybody's ass for a year. We were number one and every demo away at living and breathing people We were kicking ass in that I was the end of that I remember that you're from up there of that area, weren't you? I lived there. Yeah Yeah, there was absolutely no talk whatsoever now that they changed the format of this it's 24 hours a day all talking They have the lightness on it. Oh, like is Right, yeah, I bet I'm here in Miami rotting away on a festering radio station with a bunch of incompetent assholes running this place And people like Tom like you so are syndicated all over the country. I just I just asked it on something wrong Amazing, we're all fools when I need them. Let them out please just for a couple weeks What I love to see at all FM talk here right if you want to feel well, it's good talk into you for the first time Okay, and we'll get back with you In Zagazan What happened to my old friend dick pertain by the way? I haven't heard from dick in a long time Maybe he's not going over to Santa Beleno. He's finally discovered how boring it is You think that could be the problem? Huh It's 11 till two we got a high call burger two we got Hank with that more with the award winning that more from yesterday's game At least somebody wants something here local yesterday was that more