I said I hear that I got the hot-for-air sports radio 560. WQAM, Miami-Port-Logroom, the resistance of the Hanyiol Rodgers show to talk to Neil and Paul Pertor 70-0560 toll free free name and prayer or pound 560 on your cell phone via millions of Neil his yes, Paulers or anyone else on the shows and not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, be re-enact positions or the Beesley Broadcast Group. Neil Rodgers on Sports Radio 560 QAL. fiscal Arruca is the battery of the Hanyiol. What time is he on? I don't know. Every good question, those of Gain-Duke's play is not so very hard to do. All right, the name of the Gain is the Bible of this. If you look at it today, we do tell people you know the way. It's by the junior high of rock. It's their perception the way. And then you burn it down. You can get somebody to believe in things that you make. You can get somebody to say it's true. So matter what you do, you can be glory. The Lord will always forget you. Think of a poison this day. Wait, there's all about the fire. Find a portion's waiting. And to the doctor down. The money's gone. You're okay. Come on, you and your family come together. Beads that crap out of your kid. You're too loud as he died. Go on a scare from it. And that's the play of the child. And that's why don't you think? Do make a sacrifice. These are damn good ribs. I think that's the thing that I overzeharmed him on the morning show. Where's the overhead by the way? My death for that. Oh, there it goes. Wow. Anyway, these are great Tony Romas ribs. We wouldn't even know that they were here. But I was like, Eves dropping there. The tail, the ass end of the Joe and a big ol' boy show. You know that's that boy. That damn Jeff high. If he ever puts that fat pussy in the doorway again. Kick him out. Kick his fat porky ass out. Oh, piece of crap. He comes in area sucking around about ratings, which many bellbroadists ratings that haven't been invented yet from ten to two, including his spandic numbers. Boy, we got those his spandic men or what? We're kicking ass baby. But in the meantime, the Tony Romas food that he brings in here. You know, he could have, I'm sure that they were intended for Joe and a big ol' boys. But how many ribs can they eat? Huh? So luckily, where did you find these by the way? Did you just, uh, appropriate these? They were sent out the hallway. So I got for that because if fat boy would have known that they were out there still, oh, man. He would have just taken one deep breath in and then he held these bones at all. Fat piece of, didn't hear them yelling after me as I ran out of there with that box. Were they really? Oh, you mean the morning. Why are you doing a tough job? Joe and a big ol' boys, tough crap. They're starting to learn. They're getting plenty of free food. Hmm. Yeah, from six to the morning till two in the afternoon, we know how to get it free. Huh? Well, later on, that they have a little trouble having to pay for it. And the food too. Anyway, happy Thursday, too. I'm preoccupied with the ribs. You know, I'm not a big rib guy. I've never had them, but it's okay on the Atkins. Is there a funny Atkins to my Atkins? No. Am I losing any weight? No. No. But it sounds good. You know, you put on a good act. You know, it's in here and eat, you know, he crunch bars or stuff like that. Why do you run here? That's a bad example. We're here to try to set a good example for the audience. And today, by the way, is the day of prayer. That's right. It's prayer day in town. And we'd like to invite the audience to call in. Say a prayer for me, for George, for anybody. No, it's to any guy you want to pray to. You can even pray to anybody alike. Group, criticize for inviting Christians only. It says the headline. I don't want to suggest this another divisive piece of crap. And we have some of these for Abyss and a Graham hoi and Venties thing. And then kind of embarrassing when they leave the Jews out and the Muslims out. And this one and that one and everybody else out. Because I thought this was supposed to bring people together. All this crap. No. So maybe you can say a little prayer for us like the On Warwick. George was just told me that the group 98 degrees went out there. Little in Colorado. Are you sure that? Where did you hear that? I'm sure it was them. If not them, one of the other clone bands just like them. Wasn't five. They're British. No, was it five. In sync. Was he the demmerin sync, but I'm pretty sure it was the 98 degrees. Which is the one that's got the guy with the really ugly hair in a ponytail. Looks like a gangster. In sync. That's been. Oh, thank God. It was 98 degrees. They're good. And the lead singer man. He looks real good. I mean, he looks real. Well, I don't want you to get that. Do we want to get to that? Yeah, he does. I mean, in sync blows and five from England. They all said that back on the banana boat that the King and on the suck. And of course, life's not an NTV. They had the new best read boys video, which they claimed was a world premiere, which I already saw an Amsterdam and already saw an TVETVS bundle from a Spaniard, like I told you. But nevertheless, it's American. You can lie a lot to the public here, especially those little hormonal girls that are like dripping all over themselves. God. Watching them is embarrassing and then realizing that I'm getting all excited about the same video that they are. That's really embarrassing, isn't it? No, no. He's not looking pretty good, you know what? It goes to show you the wonders of makeup. If they can make Ricky Martin look that good, his video was number four in MTV last night. See, this is what happens when there are no hockey games on you start your desperate to find something to watch. That's the nine to ten hour in MTV. I guess it's the only hour when they actually show any videos. I mean, what kind of a, seriously, what kind of a music video channel is that? When they got all these stupid programs on the rest of the time. Bevious and button a butt breath and run and spinpying all this other crap. What are they ever going to put some damn videos on there? That's what we all want to see. We want to see 98 degrees. Baby, and then come to fight out the John Pena stole FCD. We had an 98 degrees allegedly for his daughter. That's what they all say. Just like, Lee J. Cobb member in excesses. Oh, yeah, it's for my daughter. I lied. It was for me. Can I have your autograph? Yeah. Here's Pompano. Hello. Is this phone screwed up again? Because it's got that dark coloration to it again. Although with that say, Pompano, I think our phone screwed up again. Well, the beast was in here last night. Well, look at that. I can't even get it off. I can't get rid of it. I'm not going to have to pull the plug again. Oh, you know, something, if our program director is listening down on all here. I'm sitting here with all these big numbers that we got. Can't we get people out of here? What do you mean the beast was in here again last night? I'm doing what? Watching Channel 69 and dubbing off heat highlights and the ability to run with our equipment again. This full of work time yesterday. Look at that. I can't even get the goddamn thing off of there. Much less. I'll get it on the ear. So hang on, Pompano, or not as a case maybe. Oh, listen to that. There we go. Hold on a second. What? We're adjusting. Hang on. Okay. That cleared all those pinnily as colors off there. So call in right away. Let's see if we can get you on the ear. Even if you have nothing to say. Come on. 560, 50560. It's equipment adjustment time on the highly rated Neil Rogers. You're here on QAM. What did I tell you about having a lock on the door and keeping these people out of here? And now you're telling me that God's in that asshole Bob McKay that you hate like poison from Kiss is going to be having his whole crew in there over the weekend. He's my best friend. You hate him like poison. Almost as much as he hates Steve Noodleberg. WCQAM. For check. Thank you. Okay. That's it. All right. Everybody else get out of here unless you got something to say. Thank you, sir. We got line checkers. We got phone checkers. Thank you very much. The phone actually works now. We got a. This is part of the show. Just a pencil it in as if I get a part of the show. If he got a damn day when you work for this bogus place. I was saying it George before the show today. I'm looking at these amazing numbers that we finally extrapolated tend to do. And by the way, Tom Jick is going to be on for a capital and after the hockey end tonight, you know, Tom Jicka. Yeah, that one. Maybe somebody ought to leave him the numbers. Okay. So we're going to have an excuse not writing about this great winner book that the whole QAM station had since he's supposed to be our good friend and fills in and consort with that capital every now and then like tonight. Wouldn't it be nice and see our one great white hope that might write something about us? To give him these numbers? God. And I ever go to work for a station this town. It really wants to go out and promote. Yeah. They're really, you know, he's proud of what we got on the year and go out there and do bill boards in the massive, no only pathing the day. When they first had the IOD member those days. Yeah. And we had the gigantic fall book that first thing underpacks and bill boards all over the guy and then place and they were good ones too. Remember those days? And then when they thought that I was leaving they said, oh, let's put up some more Neil bill boards. And everybody went kind of like, oh, yeah, what's that all about? Well, that was that Harry penis. Never trusted guy named Harry penis. I'll tell you that right now. 10 minutes after 10 and 5 60 WQM. It's prayer day. But we'll hot out a nine on a star hall, Allah Azad. But it would be better to come on. Let's do it. God's listening. Any listening? Oh, no. Are you looking for fast, easy reliable access to the internet that you ought to think about is mind spring. No more those stupid busy signals. No more those idiotic ads that you have to say no to all the time. You just top on there immediately. It's not sooner every time you want. In fact, mind spring was voted the best internet service provider by PC world and PC computing magazines for 1998. So for fast, easy reliable access to the internet that the only thing ought to be even be thinking about is mind spring. Just like I've been using for about a year and a half now. No pain, no strain, no business signals, no ads, no hassle. Pick up the phone right now and call mine spring. One triple eight m spring. Tell them the aradis towards it. You call the alway of their usual $25 start up feet. Give me the first 30 days of service free from the sign up. Mind spring. One triple eight m spring. The very best internet provider in the universe. This is five sixty two a.m. Essa Essa. So they're La Manjana. God you, brother. Essa Essa. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. Sonai. It's cops. In principle they need a Dutch country. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. What you're going to do. What you're going to do when the carriage comes for you. Well, hello there, Jeb de Aia. Hello, officer, here's a car. See, what brings you up to my mobile phone. Well, we got us some reports of some awesome energy in the news here, part. Yes, there's a guy. My shame to admit that my wife Sarah exposed part of an ankle. That no good hussie. Yeah, I've got me a good mind. Put her in the socks and give her 40 lashes. Well, that would be a good idea, but then there wouldn't be anyone to know for the cow. Yep. Women. There are the reason we're all going to hell. Yeah. Well, I gotta get back to the clown fields. We'll cave in. I guess I'll be getting back to the barn. Raising his a guy. I'm his com, com, com. What you gonna do? What you gonna do when this jacks will you? That's tonight. On cops. It's over here. That's country. 10 15 at 5. 60 WCM. Headgoat. We're good to applaud your marriage. There's a clock 7. 40 pod. We got playoff hockey. The bronze and the sabers. Yeah, that should be real exciting. And then after the game, we got that ball headed Tom Jika calling up tonight by the way. Those three of you who'll be listening after the hockey game. And say, where's that article about the ratings? And I'll break you. I ended the whole goddamn station in this winter rating book since you're supposed to be the radio TV expert in this town. And you don't write a goddamn word about the rating books. You piece a little ball headed third you. Yeah, we're getting real sick and tired of that crap. You know, Tom, we're sick of it. We're nauseated by it. We're revolted by it. Now, we're is he going to be doing the show. Hopefully over in there, right? He's not going to be over here. Potsking around with our phone. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, my god. I'm on. Yes, sir. Well, leave it. How you doing, man? Why not? Well, I'm just seven minutes and nine seconds. Anyway, Miss Yurana's cause I'm busy eating now. Otherwise that's why I'm a thing in cost. Oh, good. I'll be talking about the important crack. Yes. Well, you know, question. Oh, gee, the Dow is down 90 points already. Christ. We better start praying a lot harder, man. She's maybe the phone line, Michael. I don't know. You got you like, uh, under the blue celli? I mean, I don't. I hate unreabable chilling. Why do you play in that commercial every time? Because they're buying a spot. What do you mean, why are we playing it? You don't give a crap. Are we like him or not? You know, you know, do you hear any spots on here for the back street boys and 98 degrees? Do you? No. So we got to think whatever we get. He's, uh, you're about to lean down. How about to lean beyond? Yeah, with, uh, you know, like. Yeah, that's my comment to that. That's the end of breakfast. Oh, well. Why are you like to lean beyond? Well, no. I like she could take away about a paper sack if you put a gun at for, uh, as she couldn't sing. You know, I'm the fact she only stand part of it is that they didn't have her ass on the Titanic. I've been my 20s and I like that music. It just seems to be so powerful. You know, how powerful was another. You can wrap up. Are you getting wrapped up in a hype? Is that what it is? Next thing you're going to be telling me, like Ricky Martin too. Oh, I love Ricky Martin. Who is this? Who is this? And, and Ricky. You like, you like Ricky Martin? Uh, you like Ricky Martin? Uh, I don't like him. I like his music. Well, like what? Like Copa de la Vita? Yeah. And an awful new song. His living, uh, they, uh, they have to be local to buy the song. I don't like that song. I like this Spanish music. Oh, well, they, I like well, they. Well, well, well, well, well, yeah. And we can't glass his behavior. Now you talk. Yeah, and Ricky is great. And Spada with George says, George is his jealous because I got the hot spring. Meca is. Why are you showing me? Come on, Luis Miguel. Yeah, I like him. Is it me from Puerto Rico? Yeah. Okay, you're out of material, pal. Get out of here. Yeah, you know something, uh, these Hispanic numbers are really going to go away. If you think they're good now, wait till you see after yesterday's the Cinco de Mayo show, we're going to start getting those Mexican numbers away. Uh, let's see. You bad? I don't know why you make that vibe. Do know why because you're a hard little, uh, and okay, always putting down Mexicans. Mexicans, there are fine people. They never stole a free train. Maybe a few wallets and watches. And they never stole a radio either, so we don't have anybody in the audience. In other words, you're telling me we don't have one Mexican listing right now. Might have two. Yeah. Two, Yeah. Over there's a labor camp. I do like that, son. What was Miguel? Two. Lonnie, smart, whatever that thing. Come on, let's hear from Mexican, with all the other proceedings right here, while we wait here from a real honest to God. Not somebody that married a Mexican or that once had, uh, uh, Taco Bell, uh, real honest to God. W-W-K-O-A-M. There you go. That was one of the little gay boys. Still I wasn't. You heard him? What? That accent? That was a Mexican. Uh, Mexican spike everything up at the end of their sentences. W-W-Q-A-M. Mexican line. Hello? Yes, sir. Hello? Are you Mexican? Yes, are you doing? Okay, phony accent. Okay. Sorry, getting phony. I'm looking for a real Mexican. How are you doing? Okay. What's he doing? Is a poor man's punch against Zollez routine? I'll cut the crap. Speak like, uh, like a Mexican. Walk like an Egyptian. Speak like a Mexican. That's what we had demand here today. Okay, both of you up a little bit. You idiot. We got one? We got a Mexican on there. Like a real one? He's overwhelmed. W-Q-A-M. Yeah. I'm right now. We had a real one. Here you go. Ha-ha-ha-ha. You're right. There's no Mexican down here. But boy, there's shoes a lot of other spics. Look at this. Now the young spics. They're they're listening. But they're too humble for you to put it down. There're too much in a closet. But once they get past 25, they all come flying out of the closet. They've an ugly. Like, they got a set because you got to be light in the loafers to put down your listening to show that asshole had called me those comments. By the way, men 25 to 54. That is men Anglo and spick everybody else. We got an 11.8 year between the 10 and 2. I just thought I'd mention that for those who keep track. And maybe Tom Jick who I'm sure is listening. Even though he would deny it, like those young spics. Look at his Hispanic men 25 to 44 between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. Power is number one with a 9.6 year. And the new rod you're showing is second with an 8.1. 25 to 44 his spanic men were numbered dose. And if you think that's impressive, men 35 to 44 his spanic, which is a little bit too old for my taste, but nevertheless we'll take them. Men 35 to 44. We are for the damn thing. Oh, you know, I was going to play it. It is so hard. Because I think that's the name of that 98 degrees record. Yeah, something like that. It is so hard. We are number one. And Hispanic men 35 to 44. Well, that is with an 11.1 rod you're it. Most got an 8. Oh, so we're like a number one by a mile in that demographic. And even 25 to 54 his spanic men were to hell is it? 25 to 44 25 to 44 number one. Hispanic, are you listening to that? 25 to 44 were they 7. Oh, I'm looking at looking forward to it's right there on top of the list. God damn it. We're number one. 20. 25 to 49 were tied for first with life. Oh, that's not the right. That's it. I knew I was in the wrong thing as soon as I saw life. As in get one. 25 to 49 were number five. I'm looking for 25 to 54 his spanic men. Please hear it. Is number five with a 5.8. And when you look at the other stations that were up there with like a radio. I'm Lauren, CM Q FM and power and radio, ritmo and radio. Mamvi. Were the only English speaking hope for those who Leo's in his town. I'll tell you that right now boys and girls. Thank God. You want to say a prayer. Thank God for it. Good. Right. Try to break these people out of that one dimensional. But animal mentality. There's. And like I said, if we could just get those Mexicans calling in right now. Get the Mexicans on board. We could have like double digits in every Hispanic demographic. And not only that, but don't you remember the day was asking about Hispanic females. Young Hispanic 18 and we ended up like crazy. And they were actually on there. Not full of voices like we're getting make believe Mexicans today. I'm talking real honest to God, young ladies. That were addressed. Well, for something close. WQAN. Hello. Hey. Yes sir. Alright. Let's go ahead. I want to talk to you about yesterday the. The topic on the niggers. The topic on niggers. Yeah. What does that mean? Well, you know, I grew up plants. Fortunately, guys. You know, what guys with niggers? Yeah. And I mean, it's totally common for them to call them call each other. You know, by that name. Nigger, yeah. And the worst of the fact that they've found bad news when you come on there and say the topic was niggers that just sounds. Well, it is not. Now they've said it three or four times. It doesn't sound as bad. You're right. Right. But I mean, the thing that really drives me crazy. Well, what niggers? Yeah. The way they get all up and arms were white person users of the word. But, you know, like you said, they call each other that all the time. And the worst of the centers are the, the black women towards the black men. Oh, yeah. It's amazing. And you ain't getting no. Well, you nigger. That's it. You know, every, every third word is, you know, is that word. And they get upset when, when we use it. I don't think they understand what we mean. It's, you know, I mean, I know why. Well, what do you mean when you call a black guy in nigger? What do you mean? What I mean is a person that I consider to be a scumbag. Now, I will, I will tell you that I know a lot of white people that I would classify as niggers. As niggers, yeah. And I think, wait, wait. After we get done talking to Mexicans, we're going to be having white niggers calling in. That would be good. Hey, as far as your Mexican, I got to throw these ribs away. I mean, do you want to resty? I mean, too many of it. I think that guy to called in earlier with that, with that scream and was speeding on dollars. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I remember Pat Boone had that song. speeding on dollars and we hate Pat Boone. So I have a great day, sir. You too. And don't say the n word anymore. As in, nigger. And there's nothing wrong with that word. If it fits a word, that other people use, we can say it too. Okay. We want to share. Although we don't want no colored greens and grits. Although a little watermelon ain't bad. And I do like, I like that. The zinger sandwich they have a Kentucky fried. You ever have one of those? Without the bread of course. Now you never had a zinger sandwich. Well, it's better than the other crap they got over there. You know, that real deep fried stuff that's real bent. Like I said, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty pound, five, sixty, animal, the one line. You're a people. A lot of control that they missed. They're just picking up where they left off yesterday. Out of control. Which in fact, after hearing that. Makes me think, oh, and let me, I got so much stuff going on again here today. The French disco, a rucca thing the reason I played that. At the beginning of the show this morning, I'm sure most of you did not see it in the papers. Since most people already got their moves papers. Pro dialogue, Exile to air views in English. Francisco, a rucca, a South Florida radio commentator who raises the Ier of Heartline 2, an exiles will all of Heartline. Ben exiles will broaden his program to an English audience next month. 8 to 9 a.m weekdays on waxy 790 beginning June 1st. Francisco, a rucca. What time is he on? I don't know. Yeah. One of the great calls in the history to show you what this town is all about. She says he's the best talk host in this town. And I ask you, what time is he on? I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. You silly bitch. You're what's wrong with his town, honey. That's probably the broadest censoring cigar magazines over there at the airport. That miserable, smelly bitch. Somebody ought to stick us a cigar in her. You're probably enjoying it. Give her a little monica action there. The screamer. Yeah. What's his number? 305. Yeah. 438. Hmm. O217. Oh, he's a screamer. 438. O217. Yeah. Very close. 305. Right. In big canning. Oh, maybe you'd like to recall him and scream at him a little bit. Keep him busy today. Since he's called us what? He's in the last two days. Little piece of crap. Little piece of turd burger. 26 after 10 is 560 WQM. You know money. How is that? Oh, right. Do a lettuce. I love you remember me. But I was the guy in house. You said I'd buy a lettuce. Uh-huh. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Uh-huh. God! I missed you! Even though you broke my car. I caught all my hair off. I missed you! But... one quick flash jizzle? Do you think you could let me know when you might fled me out of this wind. So I'll expect you to weak but I'm not complaining. Don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my hearts. But if you happen to see my mother, we let it all I'm not dead yet Dear and land in I want to tell you that the guy who saw with your best friend that wasn't me He kind of looked at talk just like the context surely purely coincidental I was so weird near that place. I love you too much. Who's looking anyone else? Here a land is I had a dead as deployed for that day I was so weird near the chair and the metal is so tall I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good With all those grimy said so that Come on. Let me out of here with No, 33 at 560 WQ and put the lotion back in the basket. Maybe we'll let you out 18 to 34 men this is in the from 10 to 2. This is not Hispanic. This is overall all men 18 to 34. Number what is power 96 in midday with 11.6 number two is The 10.4 share 18 to 34. Oh Did you only part that we are weak on is the 18 to 24 part? And you want it alive? Well we can 18 to 24 because we're on Ron Ron AM 13 ages 18 to 24 year old people listen to a AM radio no Didn't even even know from a him didn't know where to find it and the your AM as well I'm serious they haven't got any idea what it's all about if we were on FM I would just say Conservatively they had just doubled the numbers if we were on FM Right 7 11.8 men that 25 54 we'd have a 23.6 easy Am I right? Oh no question You and so and that'll be being on AM but being on this oh man way way down on the end of the dial Oh seriously I mean like 940 leave it to queer channel and packs in the screw that he love 50,000 watts They're right in the middle of the dial and they got a I'm gonna and Rick had put in the morning who are getting a little bit of a number other than that there's in the crapper But with us you got to make a special effort to come like Bob Barker says or a rod rodty whoever it is come on down You know you got to come out all the way to the end of the dial a bit of rent and of course if you're in just the wrong part of town and the overhead You know they the electrical wires or anything where there's a goddamn fluorescent with an 100 yards of where you are You know that's what you hear on AM So I'm pretty goddamn proud of this accomplishment. What do you believe me? Not do you believe me? No no Am I proud to work here on this no? Here's a call from Tampa hello. How you doing Neil? Okay, sir my father was Mexican my mother check-off Vicki we don't know how far like Typical typical be Like that absolutely The reason I'm calling is here to be in the blocky No You want to check out the new hotel there by the people that made the detourized right when Raj is not called no the bow revage Yeah, really especially it's a problem. No, I'm not going now In fact the people that don't pop at O park now they also own one or more of the casinos over there in Bolluxy and they're always saying to me if you ever want to go over there You know we get your freebie and pressets you up whatever you want and I always say no no well I mean I realize it now let me ask you this how do you get from what you're in Tampa? But how would you get from like here there? I'm sure that there's no non stop flights. Yeah, yeah Right right to right to go for a block for your port. It's a hair trans from from right from St. Peter Street it leaves here from St. Peter to say Peter port also Yeah, it goes say it's like just 45 minutes flight to To call port block the and then it's you know We've been we've been made to maybe five or six of a hotel there on the last trip and by Far the bow revages the mic is I mean it's the only Vegas Class casino in the entire place to rest over time. Yeah, I just had this I'm the ingrained prejudice against the deep south So when I hear a golf board or Bolloss especially Bolluxy Mississippi. I just uh uh uh a cringe When I was on the train and they said this train is now in the hands of the German police I just got very nervous you know and I have a shameless request yes sir last week And with where you were gone George played a thing with Phil Henry and Lee Ernie You know which one I'm talking about Bill Henry and Lee Ernie yeah Lee Ernie he was the drill instructor from full-metal jacket He was in that and then movie and George played a An interview with them they had I got out of it was actually filling the guy or just still doing a voice But if you have that I'd love to hear it again like the George is shaking his head like you don't know what you're talking No, I've played it we have one I'm shaking my head because you don't know what the man's talking about no All I know which cut that is yeah, okay, I listen have a great day. I'll see in a clear water Okay, so you can't play it off the disc though. Why not have you bleeding? Uh had to be done to that. Oh, well, I'm not gonna do that Okay, here you go Like it what I've got it bleep. Are you sure? Okay 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line it's prayer day Back here's the letter to the editor another one of those stupid letters to the editor in the sunset and all this time Roger stored in Davy says Religious void at heart of senseless violence Many people are axing why these senseless acts you need to look no farther than a high school biology textbook or watch the discovery channel The message kids you are nothing more than an accident of nature your life has no meaning because meaning comes from purpose And since the universe is only an accident there is none According to David L. Wheeler biologist humans are not evolution's most important results bacteria are Abraham Lincoln made a prophetic statement and we have seen its fruition remove Bibles from the schools and you replace them with police by the way Separation of church in state is none the constitutes there are many official documents put forth by the founding fathers Roger Stewart and Davy says Another one of these simplistic answers to all these problems in other words if they just put the prayer back in a school There was another letter just like this in a paper yesterday Well since 1962 when it took prayer out of the school that's what all hell is broken loose Did you pray in school? Well I forget about you and not old enough We had silent meditation when I went to elementary school well I like to school which is pre-aggregated high school in 1960 Canon they go academy which was a great school with very very high a lot of us in the national honor society a lot of us We're geniuses then I don't know what happened in the meantime Did we pray in school? No? No? Did we have a bunch of murderers and rapists and the people are bringing guns and knives to school? No, don't have a god damn thing to do with prayer sir and all you other nut cases With your simplistic solutions to this barbaric rotest behavior god damn it Just like we got two great stories you'll come still a point at out one. I missed yesterday What we're busy with the single tomorrow yesterday Driver plows through daycare playground. This is in Costa, Mesa, California and kills two little kids Three and four years old we'll get to these and then of course the other one closer to home Joseph Cotto killed those two old people they arrested him yesterday And when they asked him why did he do it he said I was in a killing mood He was in the mood okay like Glenn Miller says in the mood Remember Glenn Miller he's dead too by the way. Where's he killed in the war? What I don't know WWW2, I'm Miller. I like him though Dan and You didn't you know my Glenn see music sure swing this oh by the way speaking of that how about swing clubs? We never got our spy report from two nights ago on channel 10 which I did not watch that thing since number one It was a hockey game on number two. I wouldn't watch channel 10 news if they paid me by the minute How come we got no spy reports under big since it's swaged sweet now at of course the TV stations are capitalizing with all the sex stuff that they can put on there Well if people are a wife swapping go the police have a right to you know, I mean come on Jesus Like this morning they got a guy on from Oklahoma from the tornadoes one of the victims in a hospital He's got tubes in his nose they're interviewing him from a hospital bed. You see that? Well, how are you feeling pal you're gonna go out and you know He quit smoking play a couple rounds of golf today or what Jesus Christ To say that the media is sick is such an understanding that it's just mind boggling talk about idiotic questions Well, how do you feel now that your kids got killed you feeling okay? How you gonna get through this? Got anything comforting to say 20 before 11 at 560 WQM There's a start your mornings with a 50 from five 60 WQAM Starting this Monday it's four hours of sex talk with Karen Kay and Wally Sivo Oh Monday to Friday only on five 60 WQA Why I came here tonight? I got the feeling that some said they ride no put on a Yamaha don't make it on See your rabbi say my laptop Smuck to the left of me Puts us to the right here. I am a can of trouble with you Well, I'm the can of trouble with you And I'm wandering what it is I should do I don't want to break so well and warm and I know that I don't like my football Smuck to the left of me Puts us to the right here. I am the can of trouble with you Well, you're in your daddy's business. What you claim is your or something man then your uncles back andphone after far off my CLAM Maybe Oh, hey! Oh, hey! Now, seriously, if you haven't seen him since that day, I don't think. Since he brought in the picture of his baby, and I said, oh, God, what an ugly kid. Then he's taking care of business. That'll teach people to bring me a baby pictures to look at, okay? I mean, so maybe I'm a hardened old bastard. I don't think so. I just think that most babies are pretty ugly. Huh? Are they? Let's be honest about it. There are very few cute babies. Most babies are like, uh, misshapin' and like, can you say, gee, I hope they stopped looking like that real fast. And everybody's all, oh, look at my baby pictures. No, I don't want to look because I'll say something wrong and you can all upset. Here you want to hold them? No, I don't want to hold them. In fact, remember Disney at the airport you'd best be for your time in Chicago. Was there with his baby in the airport? Holding his little baby. Oh, here's Neil. You want to hold him for a minute? Why do I want to hold his baby? And of course I had had that stroke, luckily not too long before that. I said, no, I still got this week arm, you know, I don't want to drop your little kid here at Midway Airport. Let's try to know here instead. Oh, Jesus, by the way, the ribbon that we had a minute ago, that was just a prequel to lunch. Everything we got to prequel now because here's the real lunch. John Peanus there. We stole my 98 degrees album by the way, the CD. Did you take that? For your punky little girls? Ah, he gave me. See, you guys, you got more stories. First you tell me that you never said Steve and the little bird was an asshole. Now that he came back to work here. I did tell him that he could take the 98 degrees because you didn't want it. It was in here for a year. That disc. Yeah. Now they're hot. Did the, well, even John Peanus says they're cute. Oh boy, that's the end of him. I hope his wife ain't listening to that. That's the end of him. Yeah, the one of the lead singers real cute. When it's naked in that video about our song last night, we better start looking at how come we, if you see, we had a woman audience on this show. Then we'd have calls about 98 degrees. I've got a few queens out there, but that's beside the point. I'm just trying to find out the name of that song that it's big. It is so hard. Something like that. I was watching your video last night. I was thinking the same thing. It is so hard. And the video too. But we don't have that. So we got a nice lunch here today from our friends at unsubbed. And of course, we don't want to get Chuck all nervous across the street at the sub center. These people are way down town. They're down by the courthouse and downtown Miami. So they're not going to put you out of visit Chuck. Just relax. Take a deep breath. We're not trying in here. No, didn't I ask you that? I'm a lawyer. Or even though Chuck, they don't need to be buying any spots on the show. You can't afford like those tips at Garspots. You know, that footies tone everybody about you know, footies are such an asshole. You're such a piece of plus. Why 100 is a perfect place for you? Or the average age is like fetus level. That's the median age of listening audience on why 100. Since Tanner left that place, it's never worth a crack. Oh, by the way, speaking of Tanner, our sales manager, she's running around telling everybody she wants him to come back here as program director. Did I mention that lately? I mean, it's a long time ago. She said that I'm just bringing it up again to stir up crap. Because if anybody deserves crap, she's the one. Spoken her lately, by the way? No, seen her lately. No. That's why I'm in such a good mood. That's screw-and-bitch. Driver plows through daycare playground kills two toddlers in Costa Mesa, California. A man who told police that he wanted to execute innocent children plows through a daycare center, playground with his car, killing two toddlers, entering five people authorities set on Tuesday. When the big cattle act finally came to a big cattle act, big Duke cano. Finally came to a stoppinning several children underneath the man calmly set behind the wheel, and took place to rest in them. Stephen Allen Abrams, 39 of Santa Ana, was arrested for investigation of murder and assault with a deadly weapon after driving his car to the southeast early childhood learning set of school yard on Monday. Sierra Soto, four and Brandon Weener, three were killed, Nicholas McCarty, two and Victoria Sherman, five were in critical condition with head injuries, and a teacher's aid, 24 Danielle Nect, was in fair condition with a broken leg. At the daycare center, an angry crowd of neighbors, parents and workers from a nearby church, geared as Smith was led away in handcuffs. A shrine formed at the school, a mouth of bouquets, balloons, stuffed animals and cards, across erected in the playground, red, deer god, that police protect our children. Well, he threw a very good job of it, I'll tell you that right now, okay? He's not doing a real good job, either in Littleton, Colorado, throughout their encostamation California. He's not protecting children and he's also not protecting old people. Because right here in town, on the front page of both of your newspapers, by the way, in the darkness police said Joseph Kotto hovered over the bed where the elderly couple slept. They're chest rising and falling with each breath. His hands were gloves and white athletic socks to keep the blood from his skin. It was the mood he was in that bottom there in the first place with a kitchen knife. Any chest, one in each fist. I was in a killing mood, Joseph Kotto, 17, would tell the tech this after they arrested him late Tuesday night. All by the way, go back to the other story. Before the guy went ballistic and drove into the school, he had been, let's see, where is it? Oh yeah, it says 45 minutes before the school yard killing, he ran this car and another vehicle that had cut him off on a freeway. So it'll be cutting people off on a freeway, speaking, because God only knows what kind of aberrant things are going to do after that. And as if that somehow explains to us, he was pissed off and fired up and decided to drive into a nursery school and kill a bunch of kids. But anyway, getting back to Joseph Kotto here in town, who says he was in a killing mood, that's why he broke into the jellies of his next door neighbor's window police said, that's why he stood in their house for two hours, working himself up until he seeds with anger and waited for the couple to wake up. And that's ultimately why he stabbed John Joseph Holsnick, 78 over and over again after a brief struggle. And that's why when Mary Rose holds next 77, a walk during the commotion, he stabbed her two and five, both are throat police said. When the killing was over, Joseph Kotto, a middle school dropout, who lived with his parents next to the whole next for about two years, put his blood occulting in a plastic bag, then he put an extra pair of jeans on he had brought with him and one of John Holsnick's shirts from the closet. stabbed this guy 50,000 times, killed him in his wife, didn't he put the guy shirt on? He washed his hands with colon in the bathroom sink and sprayed colon in the air conditioning vent. He put a towel in the crack under the door to prevent the stench of death from spreading. He didn't like the smell of blood he told police. So he's put it a lot of colon and making sure we covered that pretty good. But if we just prayed a lot, you know what I'm saying? If they would have just put the 10 command that's over the door there at the Holsnick's house, maybe he wouldn't have done this. Yeah. And got us supposed to be looking out for those children and also for these old people, these senior citizens, and everybody else in between is he doing it? He's doing a crap ass job, I'll tell you that right now. And we're supposed to be, this is supposed to be prayer day. He must, he must need a hearing aid. Let's get a miracle here for God, okay? Because he ain't hearing it too good. Maybe he don't speak to your language. Maybe that's the problem. Maybe he speaks to some other kind of a God damn language. Maybe he's from like a Dave County. No speaking in place. Whatever it might be. God damn it. Here's my any. Hello. Hi, Dave. Yes, sir. You? I'm listening. Oh, speak to me. Just contact me. I just get back from the bag. The best crap rock in the best kista is in the stage, Ducatets and in the foreign shops. You know, we're in the foreign shops. There's a stage daily. I didn't know that. Yes. It is the best. It's like you've been in heaven. And also, Eminem Chorquett is manufactured by Eminem Chorquett. It's owned by Eminem Chorquett. What is? FOM. Oh, I'm told by Eminem? Yes. Well, it's not like an Eminem. Okay. Okay. I переп you. Yeah, I get access to that. Oh, but you've got to know that I'm on drugs. You have to spray ethylene. We're back on that for me. Here's a facts from Bob, who says I graduated from high school in 1952, and we used to have a moment of prayer, just like the day and others could. Couldn't I spray any attention to the prayers. But we'd use that time to pass notes, look around, probably throw three of spitball talk to each other in generally not to pay attention. So, I'm sorry to say to the simple and I wrote to the settinl and whether they dare, but a different's whether you haveГrac law and If you just prayer a lot, you know, if you just did do this and do that and put up the tent commandment, oh Jesus, that mentality. Oh, look at this. Here's a bulletin from Claire channel. I bet you didn't know this. Peter Bullson now has a glory hole in his office door for easy access corporate sucking. Oh, yeah. Excellent. Must be keeping him busy too. And by the way, your station, they all suck Pete. The planet, the planet sucks. INZ sucks except for my consuds. IOD really sucks. And whatever else you got, love 94. They all suck. And guess what, Pete, you suck too. Here's David, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. OK. 15, but I've been listening for about 10 years. Leave it or not. Yeah. 10 to where I would be. And I really love your show. I was sent to it in a world history class every day, really packed at the time. There you go. And after you're an improvement over the crap, there are teething there. I'm positive of that. Oh, big cons. You know, just want to ask you a question. Why do you hate Jefro Dahl? Well, it's a matter of taste. I mean, why do I hate vanilla ice cream? It's tasteless, like Jefro Dahl. OK. You just don't like their style in music. I hate it. OK. We're going to get a shame of the sequester. Yeah. You're a high lady. OK. And big can. You're an effendous bag. OK. Oh, yeah. Did he say the old tight lady? No broccoli. Yeah. I want to tell you something. You all are about to send a bit just eye to theize what you said. What are you trying to do? You want to get rid of this old guy? I'm the phone. I'm the police. I'm not the f***ing guy. You're excuse your own excuse your own. I'm not. That's your own. OK. I always liked that Bob Green. You know, what a sense of humor when he was doing the Phil Henry voice. It's the 1056 at 560 WCM. We've got 400 open lines here today. We're asking for people to call it and pray for us for each other for anybody. Pray for the kids out there. Save them from all these insane crazy people. Most of them are lids nuts, by the way. Like that minister who got well, we don't want to go in that again. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. If you're trying to have a good time. I have a good time. We're talking about the world. We're getting over here. And I've got no fear. Only you will know man, don't be home either. If I go to heaven and rule that system. And acquire faith that leads you and faith. The evil leaders just did. They said it's painless. But like a faith man, I'm so good in you. Right, don't. If they like a faith, they do be. We should paint the rising. Your booty standing on me. They fly to me, do we? Well, say that he's brave. The sunlight and not just say you. Make the hero my dad stands straight up. Now I'm a real super-germont tongue-off in your super. These are the w-tools it's a-tool. I got a best faith, these things. A friend's home in number two. I heard you yelling, chaka. But I prefer you to. If they like your faith, they do be. What? So please, if they're acting. Don't we need a shot and I'll be. They fly to me, do we? Now put away that K-wilded girl in. I'm throwing a shot and I'm just being. I won't hurt you. Think you're not dealing with that. Do you realize your taboo to you? That's a lot of dollars and I don't do. When would I do? These men feel like a man. You'll find it hard to sit down when I get done with your can. They fly to me, do we? They fly to me, do we? They fly to me, do we? What are we at five, six, three, two, one? College of State, that's right in the middle of our lunch. That was only the prequel the rift from Tony Rome. This is our main course from unsub. Jesus Christ, do people show you a lot of free food. Yes, we do. We enjoy it. And we're sharing with everybody else and they seem to be enjoying it. And they haven't even popped it in their pussy at either. Unsub, which is located at 95 Northwest First Street, Miami right across from the Miami Did County Courthouse. And they got fantastic subs and all kinds of great sandwiches and man. And any kind of their sandwiches and subs, you can also have like I am as a salad. As if I'm not eating the bread is going to make a difference with me today. With the 400 pounds of food that you're for speeding me here this morning. But it sure is very good. Don't give me a look like that. I wanted it. Okay, like JTS said, your JC or CT, I wanted it. We don't have one person in the Saudi it's at 0,99 degrees. I mean, I feel really, you know, penis told me the name of the song. And he was wrong. He said because of you or something like that. Yeah, that's maybe a year ago that was a song. Which I never heard of that. This one is called, uh, It is so hard to do something. Yeah. Hard to watch the video without getting really excited if you were young lady or a fag. Well, I'm telling you, he's like naked in the thing he's boxing and he's like really a butcher, Macho and you know, any excuse to get somebody's guys naked. That's what I always say. 560 and 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. If we only had some living and breeding women in the Saudi and to knew this stuff, besides, you know, the 10 or 20 fags we got. Here's Naples. Hello. Naples? Yes, sir. This is a whole year from Mexico in Naples. See, I found you by accident, ramen ramen tomato fields in the Marquille. Yeah. And what got me hooked was he when you talking about the TV I can and they were Rochester, Geneva. Yeah. I spent seven great years in East Africa. Beautiful. He's a kind of York. Right. I'm King down. That's what I'm doing. That's what I'm doing. You're a Batman is from Cornell. Right. Piece of crap. So, but I'm afraid George may be right. It might be only two one-of-a-fights. Do you make a hipponos? Lisa, can you? Well, Louise Miguel is a big fan. I know that. Really? Oh, yeah. I don't want you to hang up on me, but I really don't like Louise Miguel actually. How about Enrique Gilesius? Nice. You like him once. How about El Rihie Martin? Much less. Yeah. How about Christian? Yeah. I can't walk on it. I left Mexico in the early 80s or those people are... How about poopy-compo? I don't even know who that is. poopy-compo. You know, I was yesterday's show. Most of the people got, well, the well known Mexicans had sort of mexicans on. The one that they left out was one that only you're pseudo-intropped on. You're pseudo-intropped on. You're pseudo-intropped on. All the ins my family are with. Yeah. And no surprise, we're the only one we have. But it's for literature or to have your past. Yeah. So that's... I'll pass on that. So that would be the... Well, they forgot that even though Laura... What's his name? Fernando Lamos. Even though he's dead and is not from Mexico, he's from Argentina. But in spite of that, if a word for him not only would we never have had Lorenzo Lamos, but we also would never have had Billy Crystal. But near, you know, even though you may only have to make the Christian floor, if you were broke out in Mexico City, you'll be big. I'd be real big. If you go here really, you don't have a good representation of the Mexica. No. Okay. Or if anything else. Well listen, my friend, I'll stick to your meters. Bye-bye. See you in the Tavia. Okay, there's a Mexican from Naples, no less. So you gotta go around the state to find which we're looking for. 567, anybody call about 98 degrees? No. What is wrong with this audience, man? Your taste, they're so limited. Are you ever going to wake up and sniff the pan-deep up at a daffoddil? 567, 0560. Like I told you, my worst nightmares confirmed they're watching that our VMTV last night, which I never watched it because it never any video is on anyway. New kids on a block. Just when we thought we got rid of them, they're coming back as a solo act. Jordan and what's the other one? Jordan and Joey. And neither one of them could sing if you held a gun to their head, which ain't a bad idea, my scare him off the stage. I couldn't sing a word of a paper sack for a billion dollars. Here's a lady, hello. Lady and Earth Miami. What happened to her? Well, that was nice. But what was that all about? I guess you check him down. What a bitch. Here's a lady in four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, man. I have a name in song you're looking for. Okay. The hardest thing I'll ever have to do is so hard. Exactly. That's it. Now have you seen ideate degrees? I haven't seen the video. I've seen them on MTV during a special day. Yeah. Not bad. Yeah. The lead singer, the rest of their brother's only formed. Well, two of them are brothers. And the ones with the big nose are his good brothers. Yeah. But the lead singer boy, he could, he could cheer for my club. Okay. Thanks, we'd like to hear a welcome. Bye-bye. See you finally. It took a little bit, yeah. Because we only got five women listening anyway in the first place on a show. First of all, women, especially young guys and women of all ages, don't listen to AM radio. Do they? No. I mean, on Zeta when I was on Zeta, we had not gigantic women audience, but certainly hella a lot more we got on AM in 18 to 24, number one by a mile. Number one by a mile. Of course, that was back in the good old days when we had a show. I don't care what anybody says. If I have to, I mean, those were good days and was fun with the burden captain Dave and all of that. It was a different era. But that show wasn't better than the show. Now, what do you, I'm not asking your opinion, what do you know about it? I listen to it, yeah. Me and Wix me up in the morning. If that's the end, then do me a kiss. Me and Wix me up in the morning on that thing. Drink your vodka, drink your blood and sing down my drink. I'll be there for a little bit. Okay. Can't go back. I almost got to that part where they started with, you know, home. And you could be very emotional about that. How's you doing by the way? Did we find out? We haven't found out. Hmm. But this is a much better show that has nothing to do with that, element either. Yeah. It's just leaner and meaner. You just keep getting better. I'm not the only one that says that. Oh, that's true. I actually have gotten a lot better being on a station because I had to see an I.D. Get complacent and fat and lazy. But on a station, you really have to work at it because this is like an obstacle course. Running through the sports nerds. A very young Florida gator team. Oh, my god. I mean, we're talking pathetic. We're talking about emotionally crippled. So what about that 98 degrees, huh? What was that? Have you breathing? Yeah. Oh, yeah. I know him. Probably Greg Reed getting on a wrong line. You know, Pearl Vision is the place to go for all your eye care. One night only in Folker Ritson. Central Silver and she deals retirement gyneau association. For I'll be present the one group taking senior citizen fight storm. Be old by stir. So you know what I love, but I'm going to be involved. Yeah. I forget. You're favorite old spice girls and get dispensed and time with them. And what? Oh, fight. I'm fighting. Fight. Be it. I'll see. Picture them are grandkids. I can't have taken. Be old by stir. If you want to be my lover, you have to be in high ten. More fun than a mad rock marathon. It's 11.15 at 5.50 WCMC. If you want the answers to these all of these things, you have to count on the facts out there. Here's a great facts from our friends at ClubCatthodeway. From Paul. He says, I love 98 degrees. We've played that video here all the time. And it's great. Speaking of that lead, singer says it's almost time per lunch. And my mouth is wide open. Oh, that's a boy. Paul, open wide sweetheart. Your mouth that is. 98 degrees man. I'm telling him. See, there are a lot of young guys and young girls who are like in these groups who look good. But that doesn't mean they can sing. You know, like that group five. They're British think they're okay as far as the way it's the can't sing. And in sync, they stink. No matter what they look like, they just see. So on the one hand. Although I will confess, see an ordinary mortal. Unless honest person then you are truly. I have to come on here and admit this. Because for the last year and a half I've been fighting you about the back street boys. I get all these calls from these people. It must be writing books out there for keeping notes. Well, why do you like them so much? You like the way they look. You've heard those 400,000 calls we've had on it. And I always thought to myself, no, no, no, then we really look all that good. But I watched that new video on MTV last night, which I already had seen in Europe. The new song, I wanted that way. And I must confess that Nicky is starting to look pretty damn good, you know? I mean, it goes to show you if you put enough makeup, but cover's up the zits. And even books to bubble a little bit. Maybe it's because he's from Tampa. We all know how much I like Tampa. That's what it is. Nick Carter, you know? And it may be feel like the day that we had Kevin and AJ on a show that time he had a little over a year ago. And they rushed to the guys who were at pound ninety six, got damn it. No wonder I hate kid Curry. Here's Holly, would he? Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Isn't it hard for you to say anything? Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Got it. Yes, sir. Neil, a long time listener, first time call it. Uh-huh. Yeah, I'm here in the photo Miami. And I'm here with my ball. He's got either a home of sexual. Uh-huh, great. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, on the AT&T wireless line. So what? What do you grab your calls? Yeah. I need to greet this is going to do. Don't tell me they're going to be at the, uh, uh, I got there in that outdoor palace. And do you want tickets? When is this going to be July 10? He can get you really good to be here. I won't be here, Joe. I said, uh, I won't be here. I will not be in the country. Ask him, ask him when the back speed boys are going to be on June 5th at Amsterdam. I thought bigger, even they got at the AT&T, Jack Serena, whatever they call it. Ask him if he can get me tickets to that. That's on the Saturday. See, leave it to Woody Graber. They're going to be here on the poor Woody, you know, we just can't, uh, make contact with them. First of all, I wouldn't care. I need to greet if I were there. We're going to be sitting in my lap, even the lead singer. I'm July the 10th because to go up to that place, and probably would rain like crazy on a day and getting them on you. It just ain't worth it. No. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We got 200 open lines here on the board as usual. We got the Amouth Readers calling in. Here's a lady in Carroll City. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. I am 68 years old. Yes. I wanted you to know that I am a regular listener of yours. So does that count for anything? No. Of course it does. Oh, well. No. I just wanted to make a few comments on something if you had to say it or not. So we're going to head you be the first one. About where God was. Uh-huh. I mean, God gives man free will. Oh. And then you can do that. Yeah. Well, I mean, do that when he already knows ahead of time what man is going to do. See, that's that doesn't make too much sense. Well, yes. To me. Oh. But anyway, and I'm also a gambler. But I have abandoned Vegas. I now go to Mississippi. Really? Oh, yes. It's much better. It's better than Vegas. Well, the gambling. I mean, I go to gamble. And I feel for the gambling. I do better in Mississippi than I do in Vegas. What do you play? Yeah. And they have a new game out now called three card poker fabulous. And then I play the slots. And I hit on everything. I always come back to winters within the tunica to golf board and to block free. And I mean, for a gambler, I don't think there's anything better. Uh-huh. Yep. This weekend sounds pretty good. Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. Thanks. We'd like to check it out. Okay. Let's get a lot more calls about the Luxembourg. Maybe this lady says it's better than Vegas. I don't really like that. Anybody agree with that? No. Come on. She says it's better. They're pumping it. They're pushing it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Lake Worth. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Neil is starting from the Lake Worth. Uh, he has a talk about, you were talking about a book about a month ago that you were reading. Uh, that was helping you with your diet. My mother and husband on a diet. She hasn't been losing any weight. And I told her about the books you were reading. I didn't get the name of it. Did you just tell me the name of that book? What is that? Uh, it was the last one that you were reading that, uh, I don't even know the name of it. Uh, you were saying that the diet was executed. It would keep you from losing weight and some other, uh, medications. Oh, that was not a diet book. That was, uh, Jesus. That was about vitamin B and about homocysteine and I. I haven't even got any idea what the name of that book was. Not the Heart solution. They're the Heart solution. Right. Well, who's the author of that? You got to written down. Kill them a cully. Kill them a cully. McCulland? McCulland? McCulland. McCulland. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. Okay. Thank you very much. It's a hard shower. Okay, John. Okay. Two lines up at the board. I guess I can finish lunching. Go home. I'll let's put another Marlon's game on. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Rear. Yes. Yes. Go ahead. Okay. Get your real phone. That works in the coming back someday. Okay. Okay. One call up. Then we can wrap it up. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. So, George, you lunch? Anyway. Listen, man. I just been watching like a new video. That's come from the business called audience studies and incorporated. Yeah. It's supposed to be for like, you know, you have coming sweet. We're going to be putting a no program. I follow this program called Times That Mind. Let me tell you. It sucks. It sucks so much. I can't even believe I said, let me be a volunteer. And you know how much they're trying to say that I'm going to win 75 bucks. I wasted a whole freaking half dollar to watch a bright, watch a bright, a good, never mind. Okay. Let's go to a more modern deal. Hello. Hello, Neil. How's it? How's it? How's it? How's it? How's it? How's it? How's it? Let's go to a mobile and open lock. Hello. What is it? Is that the guy before that one was he, healthy? I mean, that was like, healthy. Yeah. He's what's going on now? Not too much pounds. Another day, another battle here on the home front. What a crap, David. Six ten. I mean, now, 160 is crap. Oh, my gosh. Anyway, you're the only one that brings me. What does that mean? It's crap. We're kicking ass here. Oh, no. You're doing a good job. But the fun line, the producers. Oh, they're awful. They're awful. Okay. Well, thanks for the good news. And Jeldi and then on the morning show on Joe and the big old boys this morning, they're wondering why I hate this time like poison except for the weather. And a good part of the year, the weather ain't so great either. Just take a look at this. Two calls left on the board and what we got right now is I wouldn't know. Right now is I wouldn't wish it on 100. And the guy that drove through the nursery school. 560, 0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. There. Yes, sir. You were talking about Francisco. Are you going to get a little walk back? Mm-hm. That guy. You know what that guy? Do I know what about him? Do I know what about him? Do I know what? What does there no? Of course I got. The guy is a, like, cashier, a communist, a spy here in Miami. How do you know that? Why? Because he has a different opinion. Who has a radio station? Yeah. No, he doesn't have a radio station. He's got a radio program. Yeah, yeah. He's talking to talking to a favorite or casual all the time. I'm talking about cashier, blah, blah, blah, blah. Hold on, ask you. Doesn't he ever write to do that? Well, yeah. But when the guy, you know, he's got a lot of people here. He's hurting him by cash. And he's talking about. I'll show you. I'll show you. But let me in and again, I apologize to the audience. Okay. I thought because I said yesterday, we weren't going to talk this crap anymore. I let this guy get on 45 seconds in with. No more that crap. We don't care. Don't you understand? We are not interested. We don't give a crap. Okay. Give it a rest. Adios. I'll read your energy. Ask the Lubego. Ask the K-year-old. Meet us. Go away. The only reason I've been mentioned is because we got that bit there about Francisco Albrucaz. The only reason I mentioned it. Oh, God, it's so tempting. We roll back to the same old tired stuff. But why waste the effort? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello. Hey, you over to Todd. Yes, sir. And we are up. I don't get a chance to listen to your show too much because I want to be out. I have to be out. I just thought I'd bring that to the end of the year. 5, 6, you talking about golf. What's wrong with golf? Why don't you guys talk about something exciting? So let me ask you, is this a sports show first of all? When you talk sports sometimes? No. Yeah, you talk about the worst thing sometimes. Yeah. Can I talk about golf? Why am I sure they? What's your great game? It's a sports show. It's a game. It's not a sport. It's not great either. It's boring. You play? No. Well, today we've left the, have you come to the course walk away? But, uh... For what? You still there? I'm here. Well, what do you want me to come there for? I don't know. I'm not interested. I don't play golf. It's boring. It's terminal. Well, I think there's a lot of people that play. Did disagree with that. You know, something there's a lot of people love an L.I.S. cream too. So have a nice day. Jesus Christ. In other words, because there's a lot of people that are playing it. Who have no life and are just killing a lot of time and going out as they're going to have a few beers and smooth and waste a few hours. boring. boring. boring. I'm getting the message across your think. Uh-huh. 5.6.7.0.5.6. The pound five 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. As we continue searching desperately, I mean we're probing this week. Probing. Then I'm telling you, we're going to put on the tip of yesterday's Marling game. A few people don't get with it. I saw, I think it was Jim Burry that asshole on Channel 4 Sports last night. Even though the game wasn't televised, they had a camera car out there. In the middle of the game, they like panned around that stadium. They didn't have 13,000 people. They're yesterday. They have 13. Not 1300. Just 13. I have never seen anything like it in my life. And we're tearing those games on this station. Anybody want by his spot? Oh. If you want great Chinese food, if you want great food all the way around, then head for the animal coast and slow ready and dumb ass dirt. Okay, the same goes to chew up and time, but I sure give it my best shot. Judy, you know she's tough. I want any more lip out of you, Mr. I'll scrape it off my dabble when I smack you in the mouth. You know she's home's fun. Look, don't pee on my leg and tell me you're frightened. But now, judge Judy is taking it to the limit. And in all new, frying time special. Damn, oh, god. But, on Fox, the attorney general, the great ticket text is allowing the judge to have their final appeals heard on TV before. Oh, God, Judy. You'll see a judge. Do what if like a discount for a liability you? You must be crazy. If you think I'm gonna buy that loan, a crap. I said, don't do the death by the electric chair you are sitting in now. Any last words before I like just my national TV. Can I get a cigarette at anything? No, to be motion thrown in up. Fuck me, proud of this way. That justice death road judge, Judy's tire. But I'm fine. What a surprise that it's all fake. It's 11.32 at 5.60 WCM. Just remember this. And whatever you see on television, 99 and 2.3% of it. It's fake, including those wonderful information. Except, of course, for my good close friend Ron Popeye, 5.6705. And by the way, I'll take you to the definition of course, okay? And I know we got some people on a station who are professional apologists for John Henry because he buys them lunch. Wait, does he have a lot of cook-up? Oh, yeah, he says that we have to go where we get the most money. In other words, whichever municipality, whichever city, whichever county, provides most public funding. That's where we'll go for our new baseball stadium for the Marlin. Can you believe this? Just like I predicted. They just plow right ahead. They don't give a crap if you people out there want to spend one time in public money for it to build a new stadium for a team that nobody cares about. That nobody is going to. That's been decimated. That's off eight million games. That nobody is showing up already now. Oh, well, if we just have a stadium, then we can afford to good players. I read this in the paper this morning. I just wanted to uptuck all over the goddamn floor. Alan Machicnell has written this in a son-centralist morning. Oh, yeah. Well, we have to go where the money is. Henry says he says the Marlin's need a new facility because they can't generate enough revenue to feel the competitive team at PPP Park. So if you just build us a nice big stadium, like downtown there so that Mickey Harrison can have some company and a folks over to Miami-Herald. I think Yeldy was right. I think they will build it. No matter what anybody says, though, there's power right through. That ram right through. Whether anybody wants it or not. Here's Evan, sure at home. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Where do I now? I know your wish and you were still on vacation, huh? Uh, you know, these people. Hello, you there? I'm almost there, I'm here. Everybody thinks that a new stadium is going to. It's going to help the Marlin's, the trust has been broken so badly with the fans and stuff. A Florida that a new stadium's not going to do it. It's going to take a lot more than that. Well, not only that if they started building a new stadium tomorrow, which they won't, but if they did, that's going to take a couple of years. And in a meantime, they're still going to have the right to this season. And two more years of this crap losing 120, 130 games a year. Who the hell is going to have it interested after that? Who cares? Move it to Canada man. Right. It's dead down here. And they don't want it. Who would to most draw? Far from that, that lady who called in about Mississippi. Well, Mississippi is not even a third rate vagus. It doesn't even come close. It feels like you're in poor man's vagus. Yeah. No magic to that place. And in Amsterdam, you ever got into a bar called the Bulldog? I know where it is. I've never been there. It's a cool place. You got to go in and speak to do the next time you go by. Okay. Take care. Yeah. Can't you see me going into the Bulldog and talking to do me in Amsterdam? They don't get it. You think they get it? Yeah, Marlin. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Five, five, six, sixty. Five, six, sixty. On the AT&T, one last line. I'm not interested in smoking some nasty smell and follow me. Okay. One of the most disgusting things I can take of are people sitting around smoking marijuana. Anybody believe that? No. No. That sounded good. Okay. I told you, there's that girl smoking weed waiting for the train at the central station Amsterdam that they were going to go to. Nobody's even paying any attention to work. And why should they? What if it doesn't make? Well, she like hallucinating. Was she like jumping in front of the train? No. Well, she like driving into a place killing little kids in a nursery somewhere. No. Like the American F and White? No. No. But if we could, we'd just set a prayer for those poor little kids that got killed in the nursery by that lunatic and his goddamn juicano. How is it possible for the people in this country? How is it possible? There are people praying up a storm. It's got answering. It's got listening. And then these survivors in Oklahoma who were lucky enough not to get killed by the tornadoes. Oh, well, you know, we just, we, and God said, hold out your hand and I could feel him holding my hand. And he pulled me through. Of course, while he was holding her hand, the other 45 or 50 or 100 people had to find another funny body parts. There's a lot more dead people than they thought. But those people, he can only hold so many hands at one time. Well, how many hands did he have? That's a good question. He's got the whole world in his hand. That's what Lori London said. Come on, let's take him. It's an actual prayer day. Come on. He's got the whole world. It is hand. He's got, oh, geez. Just dropped half a China. 500 million people just dropped off and it'll never see them again. What a way to decrease the surplus population, huh? He's got the whole goddamn world. 560, probably 5060 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a lady mobile and plantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. You really make my day. Yes, I do. Listen, I was just wondering, in honor of Mother's Day, you speak so endearingly of your mother. And I was, yeah, and it was very, well, I just find it very charming. And it's cute too. And I was just wondering if your mother could call you on the air. No. No. You have any brothers and sisters. I was wondering, because if we never hear you talk about it. Yeah, I have an older brother. He's in California. Oh, okay. So he doesn't listen to you every day. No. Anything. So you don't think that your mom, we could hear you guys talk about, um, No, I don't have no one of those people. I have nothing but contempt for people who talk to their relatives on a year. If you have no show at all, like I don't know how to mention Brooke and the Randy and other people. We sure happy Mother's Day on the air. Right. That's perfect. This is business, not personal. Right. You're all saying? Yeah. Why are you so anxious to hear my mother? Because I just thought it would be cute to hear her. No, I don't think so at all. It's not cute even off of your, it's not cute. Then do you think we could do anything? I didn't see the plan or I put in your room. Could we do one? Could you want to do a famous mother's list for Mother's Day? No. Okay. Uh, see you. See you. Woo! We've had several mothers call today. Make no mistake about that. Can you believe that? I guess she just doesn't understand the meaning of the word. No. It's a civil word, two letters. Is the same in Italian? No. Uh huh. Espanol? No. In English? No. Oh. I think I have your number. I'm going to call her up the two of you make a match made in heaven. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound five, 60. On the 18 to, uh, nursing home line. My couldn't, I couldn't resist it. That just keeps coming in my mind. Those two words, two little words. Twenty, two before noon at five, 60, WQM. It's another battle in the big city here, man. As we continue searching for anybody who's got, I mean, even though something even the lady that caught about Bologacy, we had two calls about Bologacy and about Las Vegas. That should have generated 50,000 calls right there. What amazes me the most is not the things that people talk about and they show in this town over the last hundred years I've been here. But the things that they don't talk about. And then we got some putbacker calls up and, uh, isn't it a shame we don't talk more about golf on this station. Jesus, Christ, talk about getting a goddamn life. This guy don't know the difference between a nine hole and a nine hour and a, uh, asshole, seven hole. Whatever that is. Seriously, all we can say is he's an asshole. Twenty one before our noon is QIM. Five hits and I'm weak. He veils me out for the pizza seat. Like that ball, here I go again. I got the fun, she's actually want to snack. Then I'll lie down going to take a nap. And then I'll get up and I'm making a drag. A couple of the toasts and the fun is coming back. I get a thrill at a roll that we'd talk about. A favorite sister's meal you see. Makes a Mexican ass and I sell you a little to you. There's all the whole, all the stones to bet. Well, I'm going, I hate to think that's your intent. My backboard just worked. Got a homey nose with the illegal grass grow. And this, let's, that, give me golf. I ain't coming. Okay, 145 at five, 60, WQA. And there's a picture in the paper this morning. This is in the, uh, Sun Sentinel. Sitting room only showing a P.P. park yesterday, right in the middle of the, uh, Brewers, a Marlins game. And there's a smattering of people. And I noticed way in the upper deck, down there, you'll feel fine. That must be where they had all those little kids they went in for, like, about 50 cents a piece. There are about, uh, somebody said 5000 of those people up there. So maybe that was like half of the crowd that, or, we had to be more than half. Because they're just a smattering. Just a few hundred people around the whole restaurant at the ballpark. But hey, let's get some public funds together and build Jon, Henry and New Stadium, huh? No. Two lines on a bar, two, uh, it's pathetic is what it is. This this week is every time you think you've hit rock bottom here, you come back and you are scraped a little bit lower. Just keep scraping it and get a fistful of a, five, six, seven, five, six, the pound, five, six, the on the AT&T line. And just one thing is, are going like this. What do we get? We get the nephew walking in here with the sad look on his post. To go now it's to me, they got another QAM vanhead today. We can't get anybody on the phone here today, but they're going to go out with a QAM van given crap away. How do you like that? And wait, have you seen where they're going? Are you over familiar with this? No. The QAM van will be in four lotter days today at the jerk machine restaurant. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Machine restaurant. One in 11 north west, second street, just north of Broward Boulevard between 12 30 and 130. Today, I'll be one of your last chances to get free tickets to these second annual New Times International beer festival at the War Memorial in four lotter days tomorrow night. And that's it, that's all it says. Does it have anything else on here that they're given away? No. Like gas, like tickets to any ball games? No. Like anything? No. Like their best wishes? No. Free spots on a Marlin games? No. Today will be your, I'm under what, what's the incentive there for them to come out? Beer. Oh, please. Free tickets to the second annual New Times International beer festival at the War Memorial in four lotter days tomorrow night. At the jerk machine. Kenny, oh, god. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5. See, you know, I'm going to do for the Marlin Boulevard. The record story today with a second. Because I'm assuming that the colleague and people aren't showing up today since I never heard from your good friend Todd Dreck. Who should only croak a wicked death by the way? Who makes me nauseous and you're right. I knew hate him like poison. And you got the nerve to be talking about Steve Noodleberg who happened to be a pre-decent guy compared to Todd Dreck. He ain't done by what he's doing. He ain't no bomb a cave, but. Seriously, I mean, you know, these these people bought the papapa and then they never tried anything. Like I'm just going to go home and sit around wait all day and see if somebody shows up. I got important records to buy. We'll have a rookie Martin concert tomorrow at 98 degrees. And what else? Huh? Crease. In your pantalones? 560 pi and of course see what I don't forget is that this winter book. That's all gone. That's anywhere for more in March. This is the 6th of May. This is L.A.S. Day, my. And I have to keep somebody's. I think it was normal. I was talking to a couple of days ago. I said you're forgetting. This is May already. This is the beginning of the end until like whenever the people come back like in December. And he's right. How many times have I told you that? We have the Dregs left now. We have nobody here. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. Another great show. Long time listener. First time caller. heard some lady calling before about Mississippi gambling. The most latest probably 2,000 times over the last 10 years. Yes. And my wife and I and another couple made a trip to both port Mississippi. He went with the town. He was a student, a grand hotel, and had a heck of a time. The gambling was great. The food was outstanding. No, it's not on the same level as Los Vegas. It doesn't have the Glitz. It doesn't have the nightlife. But if you want to gamble and enjoy some good food with southern hospitality. We really don't want no southern hospitality. I don't want to. That's the last thing that I want. Well, I got a tell you that gambling was great. is great not not just because we want you know because of the way we're treating uh... the pitfall of the is the uh... the dealers you couldn't get friendly with people and i've been to probably can different hotels and vagus over that period of time and never had anything is is good at time as we did uh... going to go for very enjoy you never had as good at time in viggas as you didn't go for a specific strictly on the gambling basis comparing gambling to gambling uh... yes socially we have better times obviously we've seen better shows obviously we've been in a better restaurant but i would say overall if you want to gamble it's a great place to go okay enjoy your show you'll keep up the good work and don't get to this point it was all the octons here okay see okay there's a big vote for a blacksmith's a city of my gonna go no chance five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty out of eighteen two one of the last we're still press and we're still pumping on here are you there nobody out there today anybody out there this week i'm telling you put the guy and they're going out there for another one of these stupid things up there at the uh... what machine machine in four lot of the one eleven north of a second street you know what are they going to stop this this embarrassment and you know and also tomorrow we're so we may be a half the and we can record an issue for the way we see what's the name again that was threatening to bring it in here today i know what is name is that one of the many publicity and you're a good and junior here's my me beach hello my me beach hey you know i i believe and i know you can't stand all this cuban talk right but as well as you're let's go to a corals bring so hey i get to a meal okay sir how you been okay i just like call a couple of friends you know go ahead we'll give them a call in the list of how they react five six seven oh five six eight day this one listen i'm not going to give them numbers out anymore you've got no material okay you're not fooling me i had a good time in over there in europe i come back here to a bunch of deadheads who have no material i'm just going to play music and sit around poprata to all pathetic the one did i get when i said i wanted that to wait for me i'd do well apart and be too strong when you say i wanted that way still me there I never wanted to stay I don't want it, I'd say And my mind is your mind Your heart is your shadow It's too great, but don't think that way Tell me why you gave me everything to love Tell me why you gave me everything to love And today, there'll be a fine I never wanted to stay I don't want it, I'd say Now I can see that it's falling apart I'm the way that it used to be, yeah No matter the truth, I want you to know That you died of me You're on me My fire, the world is dying In my heart I don't want it, I'd say Now I can see that it's falling apart I don't want it, I'd say Now I can see that it's falling apart I don't want it, I'd say Now I can see that it's falling apart I don't want it, I'd say Now I can see that it's falling apart I'm the way that it used to be, yeah It's 155 at 5.60. I'm going to be a few of them. I'm going to be a few of them. I'm going to be a few of them. There was no barber booth in the Don'ty Rock. If that in the middle just shaking this bit that some boys who were down by the brick there'd be no water there is on their marbles and places that had had passports and came a young lady she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and places and white fluffy dust. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you sand later from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye at the fellow, down by the duck, he looked like a man with a side of the hole in the country with a big fence out front. If he had to phone like these she showed him her little pet dog who was subject to fit. And maybe she'd let him wrap hold her small tender and with a movement so quick. And then she bent over and sucked out his candy so tasty made of butter sky. And then he spread with cream all over her cup. She had left out on her shelf. If they this is dirty you can go to yourself. Come on, let's talk a little bit of golf talk. Come on, it's a 12-noded 560 WQM. I got a real dense ground here today. Let me tell you, in every year aspect of the word 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hi, I'm Neil. Yes sir. I'm heading to Italy today and the first thing I'll do of course is five to go. I've got a fiction item out of my hand by my airport. And then I'm wondering if you have any suggestions, you know, little places out of the way of patients, but you're better must use. We're going to Rome, Florence, the Chicotara and Venice. We'll have a great time. Anyplace, which is good as a must-sees potter or must-hit restaurant or something? No. Nothing. Just don't go to McDonald's. Enjoy it out. Okay, have a great time. Thank you. Here's our last call and there's a mobile pig reporting for Latterdale. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. You got some more recycled cops there, and between McNeil and Atlantic and the median. They got some people pulled over. I don't want anybody else to be next. Okay, God bless you sir. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Okay, just don't answer anymore. I'll take him. Okay, let's just do it that way. The rest of the day, the spice it up a little bit. Oh, seriously, it's just, their mentality. It's just the way they are. There's a mobile and it may be not. Mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Hey Neil, I'm just out of this town some more morning. Yeah. So when did it leave? No, I wish. Oh, Mississippi. So I'm Tunica. You were in a Tunica and going to Mississippi? I'm going to visit. I'm going to visit. Now, I'm all VIP compounds for horseshoes. So, I think going there for a few years now, you're going to have a pretty good time to check out the other side of the city. I've never been to Mississippi. I want some drove through there real fast. I grew up out in Vegas. So I'll tell you it's the closest. Because he knows what a man is in the games. I'll take you to Vegas, but I've seen. Okay, I'll let him have a great time. And I'll take youward for it. Okay, I'm not going to Mississippi. Okay, I do appreciate it to ask for people to call about that. But if you think that I'm going to go there, the answer is very clearly. No, no chance. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. 2A in. Oh, now? Yes. How are you? Okay. Listen, I just wanted to find a path to John Henry. Yeah. Hey, John, just my ass. Okay, thank you. You hear that, John? See, we got people kissing his ass. People have work on his station kissing John Henry's ass. For whatever reason, I don't know. But the fact is, maybe you're an ice guy, John Henry. Maybe not. I don't know yet. I want to know you, but forget about that ballpark. Please do us all a favor and just take the team and go away somewhere. Nobody here cares. There's no interest. There's as much interest in that ballpark as the person that showed it they. None. Nobody QAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a famous Puerto Rican player. I'm listening. Roberto Clementi. Okay, thank you very much. Roberto Clementi, did we have that yesterday? 5,000 times. Yeah. Pond, did we have it? Yes. What will that tell you? These people, this is the weakest bunch of people I'm touched. It's unbelievable. How about let's talk about Fernando Lamos again. Okay, so from Buenos Aires Argentina, you look marvelous. How about you QAM? QAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going over to sunrise. There are any hot points I can hit? McDonald's there on the corner right near the Ashill. Oh, I know it well, when you know I know it well. I know I know the stadium. I'm telling you, listen, I got one thing to do. These people just amazed me. Are there like any little out of the way, you know, go to the high batkin guy? I don't know what they're talking about. You are the guy to the world, Neil. Uh-huh. The butthus whole spik thing to bet. Okay, let me. WQAM. Hey, George. Yeah. Talk to Neil. Okay, I'll be ready. Okay, let's go to Bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. They're not going to be here up these days for baseball. Are they? I wish I prayed. I pray we had a game coming up in about five minutes. Oh, what's up, mate. I don't understand this crowd. They get pissed off if we got a ball game like it's taking their livelihood away. If they interrupt their show like yesterday and then when I'm here for the whole four hours, nobody wants to speak to me. I don't get it. I don't understand this crowd. This is the retard. Oh, crowd. I don't get this place. Oh, I've never gotten through this mess. Yeah. What you're on now, man. Right. I'm doing screenless and I can't get more than a couple of calls that appear at the same time. time. That's the kind of audience we got here now and it's made, June, July, August, September, October, November. We got another six months like this. The party's over, baby. Everybody with a brain, they already got out of this town while they're getting was good and now we're stuck here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and then this morning they're talking about, oh, what was nothing to do with New York, New York's in Toronto, nothing to do there. Right. I can't think of a more boring place than New York. Can you? Well, I want to bunch of suckles there because you got a basketball rivalry going on. So let's talk about what a boring place New York is. Jesus Christy, Phil, man, that guy was right that called us more and called him a suckle. QAM. WQAM, yes sir. Hi, I like talking to Neil. Reconfer. In number 5. Okay, let's go to Pemberg Pines. Hello. I knew. Yes, sir. Hey, I got selected by the good people over at Arbitron. It starts today once through the fleet. God bless you, sir. Always like you were on. You know, I was surprised when they called me on the field of Hollywood, the part of it said that they were paying me for it. Right. You know how much they pay you? Two bucks. Well, one dollar. Oh, now it's one bucks. That's right. You're a white. Put out some black face. I think they pay you a five bucks. Well, I'm going to put you down. I hope you get a nice big fat bonus next. God bless you, sir. I'll say a prayer for you. Thank you. Thank you. See, we always like the people of the diaries. We never tell many things about, you know, so do this because you can't do that. Because they get real uptight up there in Beltsville, Maryland, all those going up there. So we never tell you what to. Oh, now all of a sudden they finally caught on. You know, this is so slow here. It must be the heat. It's got to be the heat. I'm not talking about the vaccine ball team. And please don't try to rationalize for me. A bunch of white people going to watch a bunch of seven tall black guys of Jamini, each other with the elbows and jamming of all in a basket. I'm sorry. I don't buy that. You're not fooling me. WQAM. Hello. You're going to the bitch. Okay. Thanks. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes. I'm Q on and I don't know what to do with myself, man. Well, how about go play with yourself for a start? Probably got plenty of practice. WQAM. Hello. Yes. I'm like Neil. It is. Hey, Neil. Green out of Thursday, sir. I know these are the audience they haven't caught on yet. Screamless Thursday for me to look to a clock. That's great. Hey, did you ever get a I sent a couple pictures? It was a billboard. This was a while back. A billboard. It said, you know, the one of the famous one, co-skun shows or whatever on a billboard. Now, on the back, it had that, uh, I don't know if you ever thought no word said not one more dead child. No. It was against guns on a very backside of the billboard. Was that fun, fun coaster, gold coaster show that's on the top of the top. Have you believed that? I mean, of course, I'm just wondering when it's going to be before we had the gun show spot starting on this, uh, station that I'm going to show again. Yeah, it killed me that you don't have safe so on what's bothering you. Well, you don't. Nobody's got that. Nobody's got any control over right. I know. I wish you had, uh, but, uh, Neil, the other the other day, my wife can be a spiced response up a little bit. You know, I know you're not big. You're not big on a big old bird. What the gold bird, but my wife loves her and she always watches that. The Hollywood square show. They have a survey, 66% of the priest survey could not recite the 10 to the Amethyst Neil. Yeah. I mean, that's, that's, that's, in a nutshell. Here they are trying to preach all this crap. They don't even know what they're preaching. Uh, I mean, it's a certain night. I'm not going to have shelter. No, no, no, no, shout out, Melus, my elder board, you guys. There's a guy who's in that occurred. Yeah. Yeah, that should be the first one on the list. That's for sure. Okay. God bless you, Sir. It's prayer. They go, sir. Go put your hands together. Oh, Hallelujah. And say good prayer. Okay. We still have got no calls about that. It's prayer day. God demo. What's wrong with you? Heading bastard job. They were supposed to be praying to they. Save the children from all this slaughter from these crazy people. Save the senior citizens. Save all arrest of us. Save everybody from crazy people like Salt and Heston. What, what is this story on this line? Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Get a real life for tomorrow. Okay. I'm glad I was just going to line check there. And thank you very much. He cooperated. That was good. The answer is dead as the door nail. Hey, guess what John, Henry, we don't want your guide then new stadium. Okay. I mean, talk about arrogance. He just announced his ill. It's not a question of if. It's just a question of where. That's kind of a new twist on that old deal. Where, where you're going to build it for me. We got something that you can have for free. Back home. Jackass. Hey, you're looking for fast easy reliable access to the internet with a bunch of stuff. Tushing with hokey. I'm the next. Where in the world is Carmen San Diego? The kids dragged down the elusive San Diego to a hero and Saudi Arabia where she has been selling teenage girls to a thousand as sex waves. Play along as they follow the erotic clues to Carmen's whereabouts. We may be published broadcasting, but we know sweeps when we see it. Before 14 at five, 16. Welcome to the WQIM. You know what I want now, but in a split. What? Then that sounds good? I don't give a crap about atkins or scatkins or any of that right now. We're first of all. We both ate way too much in the first place. I mean, it's something over that Jeff Heide to bring us in ribs from Tony Romans when we had another lunch coming already. Like we needed to prequel the lunch. We're not all fat slums like heirs. But if an analyst splits on, it's really good. We don't have any place around here like that. That's what we need is like an old soda fund. Oh, God. Didn't what what the drug chain you still have? It was not Walgreens. Was it Rex Ol? Was it? You used to have like a real soda fund where you get like when they had a soda jerk, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, he was in there. Molten. With cream. Right. Like a real authentic molten. Oh, God. Heavy on the molten. I feel like a molten. I know you look like mobolis. What? That sounds good. I know what's bad for. I get your blood sugar soaring up there and though all those, uh, homo systems that homo problem you got. I don't care. That's this audience. Does it to you? I realize now, you know, I went on vacation for nine days. I came back. I weighed exactly the same. I'm not saying I didn't need a little bit of crap while I was with nothing. You know, not too much. Nothing real bad. Wait exactly the same as well. That's pretty good for going on vacation. I would say. Especially with that great food on virgin and landed by the way on the plane. Did I mention virgin and landed enough times yet? No. God, are they great? They really are. But right now, that sounds so goddamn good. Used to be a drugstore over on Alt and Road when I lived on the beach very briefly in 1976. There was a drugstore. I told you this story. The day that the, um, the credit card wouldn't work in the thing at flagship bank. Remember flagship bank? And I went to the bank to take a few bucks out and the, for whatever reason the thing was out of order. I couldn't get any cash. I had no cash on a Sunday. And I was going to go hungry. I felt like some kind of like a hundering. And I'm crossing Alt and Road to go back to my little apartment where the Spanish Jews were used to make all that noise and drove me out. And I looked down on it by the curbingers. $8 $1 bills. I like rolled up some of your dropped eight bucks. And I went into that, it was like a pharmacy, but they had a soda fountain in the front. I'm sure it's long gone. God was that good. And for dessert, I had a nice big banana split. Hmm. WQAN. WQAN. And the Ohio, do I? OK, sir. You're picking up the fall today, huh? I am now. Listen, I just want to let you know. You're a good touch to show with somebody else's hand. I wanted to tell you about a great movie. I'm kind of a movie buff. Uh-huh. I saw a great movie yesterday. The guy was nominated for an Oscar, but it's one of those movies that, you know, you know, it has been a lot of money and you know, they don't get like Titanic all the extos are called American history X. Yeah, you got you got it. You got to check out that flick. It's a very good movie. You know, speaking of all these skinheads and all this problem in Colorado, it's a very good insight and that should be required reading for teenagers nowadays. So check it out. Okay. Thanks. Okay. What do you say? He said, and what was it called American graffiti? That was a bad movie. That was really bad. Although they did, it was at a soda farm. They had a soda jerk. They had a who used to bring the stuff onto the curb side like they do with steak and shake. I wonder when the steak and shake opens very soon. By the way, I think it's the next month. One out there by the saw grass. I wonder if they're going to have curb service like Peter and Tampa and Orlando with steak and shake. Now, there's a place you can get a good chocolate, molten. Mmm. God. See, and if there was a God, all the stuff that tastes so great, it wouldn't be bad for you. Wouldn't kill us. That right there, that should the proof should be in your pudding. Okay, and your goddamn boring vanilla campio computing. There's the proof right there that there's no God. Either when it's going in or when it's coming out. Oh, God. WQAM. Hey, can I talk to Neil? Speaking. Yes, you're my God. How do you think, say, couple who's going to do in the at you saw open next week? Yeah. Couple's at the couple's swingers places. We didn't cause about that by the way. No. About the thing on channel 10, probably our audience to watch channel 10 news anymore than we do. About that piece they did two nights ago, about that fashes, Ken Jenney and Broward County, and it cops rating the swingers clubs. WQAM. Oh, Mr. Gnilly. Speaking. Oh, Neil, how is that with Woolworth? Do you have those nice buzzers? Right. That's right. Woolworth used to have a nice fountain in the front. Yes, sir. Have a good day. Thank you. Woolworth. That's where we got most of our equipment here at QAM, by the way. No hot fight Sunday or been endless splits, but we sure got some good old crap a stuff. There you go. Hey, two of the three decks work on our car machine deck rhymes with direct. How's Todd doing, by the way? Did he tell us yet when they're coming to you? No. You're right. He's a piece of crap. You're right about that. George says you're a piece of crap, Todd. No, seriously. I'm seconding it. In fact, I think I said it first. And George said, yeah, you're right. I mean, we got some salespeople that are okay like John Piness and Brian and anybody else had said, well, the rest of the salespeople are good guys. They have nothing to do with our show. They're all sports holes. They got we got 50,000 salespeople selling the marlins by the way and the dolphins and the panthers and the interest. No, no. Don't from the to panthers, he's a long way away. And the only thing we got to go and now is the marlins and is anybody. No, she can't even finish the question. And they're already saying no, no, before even get the you want to buy some. No, no, because they know what we're getting that. They know that the rest of the day is also that we got a waiting list to get spots on this station. See, I don't get what kind of a deal he must have made because the games were still continuing these marlin games and that lawsuit we never heard another word about any of that. But you know that no matter what kind of a deal he made, we're still losing our ass on that. Because not only is there nobody wants to buy any spots, but nobody even is showing up at the ballpark. That picture in the paper this morning is unbelievable. You could have not only your own section, you could have your own baseline. You could have the whole right field by the left field line. You could have all the whole area behind home, play behind the screen. WQAN. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Buenos Tardis. Oh, man, like you, I call this it for work today. And I said, how will it be atkins? Would I've done myself some enum and donuts and some wavy gravy? Oh, maybe gravy is good, yeah. I'm going to sit here and just, you know, let me show you the level sort of height on the own. Don't go far from home. Yeah, that way, be gravy. Yeah, I'm staying close. Okay. I started about all this stuff. Forward day, I'm clientele on here. Tough to get a good show together. I'm trying to turn so that the audience show. Yeah. Today's the first exposure to your shows. Well, tell them to expose this. Yeah. Feel better, pal. Anyway, thank you. Do you think I love you? Yeah. Okay. I don't worry about that. Okay. If the guy don't like our show screw him. Okay. If you don't have a sense of humor, like we're doing a show for one guy out there. If you don't have a sense of humor, if you can't, if you don't understand that we're doing a show in a good middle of a guy named Octorefianeral Parlor, then look around you. You can't smell the death in the air. They thought that was smoke from the Everglades a couple weeks ago. There was no smoke. There were no fires. It was the death in the air. This stench of decaying, rotting bodies. Old fossils. Prehistoric cretons. And that's what I'm expected to do with show talking to those people every day. Oh, y'all. Go to Biluxi at 1000 times better than Vegas. Yeah. Right. You first. Okay. Go to Mississippi with a banjo on my nerves. That's Alabama. That's what we sent Pavellbury by the way. The way to a banjo on his knee. That's what the doctor said. He said, that's the problem. Get the goddamn banjo off. He'll be able to skate better. And that would be said, doctor, Andrews, whichever guy that was. Oh, geez. And then it Cleveland Clinic. Let's keep talking about them again. Okay. I'm starting to get bitter now. I better get that hot bud son. They real quick. Oh, that sounds good. Hot bud son. They on Rocky Road. Oh, you know where I think I'm going to stop on the way home? You know they have that basket robbing the drive through at 1603. You know where I'm talking about right off the way to right off the interchange. There by the going late. You just go east on 1603 at about 10 blocks or less. And there's a basket robbing so the drive through. Hmm. There's nothing to get past the toll class and then you can, you know, you can use both hands. No, you're steering you with your elbows. You know, oh, I never told a story about what happened on Monday. I told you. I'm driving home up the turnpike on Monday. And the traffic I'm getting right to 595 and the traffic in front of me is acting like a little space that's like this speeding up and slowing down the typical soft forward. I've been way and I'm thinking about zooming by them, but I'm getting pretty close to the intersection to 595 and the turnpike. I'm going to lay back a little here. You know, once in a while, you've only got a nice fast car. You lay back a little bit. And sure enough, I see a brown car. Maybe about a quarter of a mile up. Coming horizontally, not in an angle horizontally straight across the road. And, and I slam on a break thank God in the car's front of me did the same. And this crazy bitch, she just goes right across and smacked into the goddamn median rail there. And I look into review mirror as I got by and she's sitting there days and somebody else got out of the car. What a stop it. There was somebody else in there and they got out and nobody got hurt. But the front end of the car just smacked she made a quick ride. A hard ride. Straight across the freaking road across two lanes of traffic into the goddamn median. And I was gone, lady. It was a crazy old bitch. WQAM. WQAM. Yes sir. Remember cutting hands? Those are good. Yeah, and he's lancing right. You're right. Yeah. So you're back. Yeah. All right. That was all. Okay, there were all over Detroit actually. Well, I mean the one I knew was in East Lansing where I was going to school, but thank you so much I ran River Avenue. So you're back. That's, you know, it's funny he should say that because that was thinking the same thing. So I'm back. Christ. You know, something is appropriate that it's prayer day because when I leave here I'm going to say a prayer. I don't have to ever come back. Okay, maybe instead of $8 in the street, I'll fight $8 million in this street when I leave here today. In small bills. In fact, I'm going to pray right now. But we'll not talk to no $8 million. It sounds good to me, but I'm very free. How often, okay? I'll see you have a great life. I'll see you in Voloxy. Not. Yeah, that's about the average speed of the people in this town. Voloxy Mississippi. That sounds about right. That sounds like we're a lot of you would have a real good time. It's fitting like a goddamn proctologist glove in somebody's record. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, don't kneel. Great. Never been better, sir. Good. The audience is under the weather, but I'm doing great. I would go out to the audience. I'm getting ready to hang out. What's going out to the audience? Can you tell me, I don't know. Oh, yes. You're under the weather. That's why I'm to say I was reading city line tonight. Yeah. And I was looking under the single thing. Yeah, one or nine, section one or nine. The single thing. The single section. And. And there was some baseline in there. It's called the swing and single. Yeah. It is one crazy line. I'll tell you. I just thought I'd tell you about that. Okay. We'll call up a sure of Ken Jenney and I'm sure he'll put him out of business. No thanks. They'll all be in jail before midnight. Any spy reports on that channel 10 piece tonight to go on a swing and claw on a Browd County fancier? No. Just checking. I don't want to get nosy. By the way, I'm going to be talking to my mother in a few minutes about the mother's day. Am I going to be doing that? No. That woman. How about having your mother? I mean, people are called her mother's on a year. And their other relatives. There's a desperate will be a compliment. You want me to say in Randy? With a Jackie routine of hers. By the way, nice numbers on the afternoon. They're on I and Z. Woo. Hey, baby. Goody. You know, it's interesting. Look at the tremendous deal of talent they brought in. You know, it was great. And my church and John Ford, Scoot, scoop the poop, carrying gay. A whole. And then of course, this one, who left him came back. He was a ski and ski and yeah. And then what was the other guy? What the hell was the. Oh, the sheek. That was that hit. That was a Steve Nicholson. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, wait. You know, I never heard that at the end. Listen, fine. Now you're getting to better net. Oh, my god. That's beautiful. 26 pass no. And five 60 WQL records. Stalk Radio. Five 60 WQL. And that's the present four hours of excitement, action and fun. Six to 10 AM Monday, few Friday. We're proud to present the Heliena Rosanna Danaroos Latelyman Cho, along with the Flunny Zainy Tydkicks, Jersey, Jetslow and Claude Differ, six to 10 AM only on five 60 WQL. Always like that. It's 1232 in fact, they named the car after him. 1232 at five 60 WQL. We do in screen list today. It's not helping too much. But we're doing the best we can. Now that Peter Leonard that asked from our ourselves, the department just like He said in the door, a couple minutes ago, what did you say to you? I want to, I want to, where we count this conversation right on the year. Tell me on his smoking man, he's awesome. He's been great and he's been on fire the past two days. And you told me that he said that, what did I say to you? What an asshole, what a piece of crap. Well, you didn't say crap. I said, with an S8. I mean, what is the purpose of that? Go out and sell something, Peter. Okay, I don't need you to validate my existence. I got these numbers here in front of me. You know what I can do with these numbers? I can, like that lady said, that time, stick them up as ass, then I'll always have. I could wipe my ass with these numbers. That's what the good it does be on the year in this town. I have, I have ratings that are so astronomical here that it's almost criminal, it's almost the sin. It's almost unheard of to have numbers like these on a guy that make believe radio station like this on AEM with no promotion in the general manager with a really bad haircut and a brain to match. And in spite of that, like I said, I could wipe my fat rectum with it and for all the good it does. It's meaningless. And it's never been any different. I don't know why just, you can't accept it. It's never been any different. It's been a 303 years of a battle. It's always been a guy named Battle. There is not rocket scientists calling up and calling up and synced up that it's all. It's not rocket scientists call up and say something. That's all. The worst it can happen is we can make you look like some kind of a jackass, that's probably you don't need a lot of help. I got a family to make it for you, Neil. WQAN. Yeah, man. I'm trying to figure out. I'm just doing that hockey. You've got to let's talk. WQAN. Make a bag. Yeah. How does the penis take? WQAN. Yeah, this is down, Neil. I live out of town, but I'm down here on business. First of all, I don't know where you get all these yentres calling. You're ridiculous. You're a favorite sport. And I talk about a pro minute. You can talk about whatever you like, sir. Well, if I remember correctly, I like to talk about penis. You want to talk about hockey, go ahead. I live in St. Louis, but I know Toronto's favorite teen. Yeah. It looks like Toronto may have a good run here. Joseph gets hot. You guys could go maybe a long way. Yeah. What do you think? They got home advantage to rest of the conference play, Os. Wow. They made a real sleeper in their whole thing. Could be. Yeah. Could be the off-entending they're exploded yet. It's been a was slowed to Pittsburgh series. They're not playing a clutch and rad coma team like Philadelphia. Yeah. I agree with you. But I think that Pittsburgh played over their head and got through that round. And I think that. But what do they play over their head? I don't know what you're talking about. I don't think Pittsburgh's up this year. And I think they played a little bit better than what they should have played with. Or maybe New Jersey played under their head and choke like choking dogs, which their famous for doing the last three years. And they did it again as more likely. It's a lot of well over the general manager's name. A lot of two more than choke out of die. If you know the relationship with Saint Louis. Yeah. We got through state of game the other night by the way. I saw it. I didn't have to see the end. I saw the replay. I saw the deflected goal. Yeah. Yeah. Two o'clock in the morning. Yeah. And I actually played off hockey. I shouldn't have wanted to see a scoreless tie going to two minutes. I left it in the first overtime. I want to see a six to five game. I don't want to see one nothing sir. Yeah. Hey, I'm from out of town. I listened to you when I'm driving around down here. That's the luck to buy. I got bless you sir. Okay. Good luck to you. You'll need it. Although Dallas had a tough time with Edmonton. So maybe Dallas will be just like Jersey and his choke might the big one could be. That's coming up tonight right here on QA. I'm 745 Dallas in the same Louis blues. And the other game of course tonight Boston and Buffalo. That should be a one nothing snoozer could be. Watch out for that Michael Pekker by the way. WDQAM. Custard you know please. Speaking. Yeah, hi. I never called you before but today I don't think I could do any worse than the people you've had. How many of that were I'm going to give it a shot? You were talking about stadium every day I drive by actually both the Randy each stadiums the old one and the new one. I mean, what a disgrace that they run, you know, two acres of beachfront property with a stadium when there's one block away. Yeah. And I don't know. Seems like all of a sense in the world anybody with a brain that if people don't want to go to the first place, because it's in a bad part of town and I kind of want to go to the new place. But don't confuse anybody with that because we got a corrupt mayor and date county. We've got to got a guy with nine billion dollars a daddy's hiding in Israel somewhere with their Mickey Harrison. And we got a bunch of a lemon suit that you can pull the wall over to rise. And like I said, they'll build a new baseball stadium. Because there's no passion for or against anything in this town. They just don't give a crap. Well, just building, you know, we built it himself and put it on the Everglades somewhere. He's not going to build it himself. He already made that clear. Who he's like a horn now. He's holding himself up to the highest bidder. Whatever city or county assholes come up with the most public money. That's what they're going to put the stadium. He doesn't give a crap like you say if they put in the Everglades. He doesn't care if the Indians out there want to put up the money. He'll play out there and get the same number of people to come by the way. Nobody. Every dad drive by to say like, what an abortion. What a waste of good space. Yeah. Okay. Thank you, sir. Have a good day. The county tension happy new year. You know what, tiny 10 said something like that. No. 5671. 560. Well, we haven't heard about lately. Thank God. When I got from Tampa call, I wanted to give him a medal for not mentioning. No. You know who. 560. 560. Palm 560 on the mobile one line. We got Hank Goldberg at 2 o'clock. We got Jim Manage at 6. We got the St. Louis Blues in Dallas by the way. From, it's an interesting guy from out of town from St. Louis. He had something to say about the hockey playoffs. The right to the people is tough. I'll give you an example of a brilliant call this morning. I'm driving in just when I get to the building. Some jackasses on there. Oh, I'll tell you one thing. If Ryan Murray doesn't make a big offer for air. Climb across with all the rumors about him. Leave him fill it up. And guilty for once in his life gave the right answer. Sir, you're an asshole. You're you're impossible. Yeah, exactly. Like they can afford 10 million a year for Pavell, Burie and 10 million a year for air. But as well as the other one, how about also your marioger? We'll pay him 10 million if the appangones get fooled. There is no interest in that. There is no interest in anything. I like I told you before. Pick the topic of an anal sex. There is no interest in this town and anything. That's all I know is anal sex and butt-looking, which I see a lot of similarities there. And of course, the poll question today is, which do you first? Look at or... Stick it. Isn't that what Tom Hopkins always said? I wonder if that's in here under the, yeah. You said in the hair and the lick it and stick it. Yeah, it's in there. I just go on time. By the way, speaking of time, don't forget Tom Jika, who has written the word about our great rating book about the fact that there was a winner rating period in this town. And in this market, and it's supposed to be the radio and TV writer in the prestigious Sun Sentinel, but has written the word about it yet. But he'll be honored and I probably talking about dog and dog racing and high-ly for a little chapter and after the hockey game. Come on, Tom. Give us a break, God. Damn it. For once in your life. Give us a break. Give us a little something. Just because I don't hang out at the track with you guys. 21, before one in five, 16, WQM. The support even loves Neil Rogers. If you love those great songs from those great mafia movies, you'll switch over real mob hits. Not only does real mob hits give you more of that great mob music, but you also get awesome sounds of real mob hit. Like look at the ice pick, the armor. Getting hit is at the hundred and six street barbershop. Forget about it. Or who can forget, solidest fish, getting Neil piano wire across the trowel. At the cross, that's me. If I remember correctly, it was a beast flat. So what a real mob hits now. If you know what's good for you. Just by dialing, 1-800-BOT-A-BING. Real mob hits. Hey, it's real. Forget about it. It's real. 4, 4, 5, 60 WQM. By the way, speaking of hockey play, I've David J. Neil continues to amaze me. He tried his little job here in the hairless morning with a little round-up of the conference. He finals his predictions. Jati Adi. He picks the least to be dependent with him. Six. That's nice. But he's got the injuries on all the teams here. Maple Leafs injuries, center Allen McCalley, concussion, doubtful. Defenseman Alexander Carpets have shorter strain his questionable. He goes on with the penguins injuries. How about Igor Corlev with a broken foot? Is he going to play David Shvoney on the other side? No. No. How come he hit on there? Shmuck. But of course, he can get away with it here because these people know nothing about any of this stuff. Hey, a bit of a kid or a clundra out there at your arm or a yogurt too, and anybody else can throw in there? Get a pit roll over about 200 million a year. Nobody QAM, hello. Hi. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Well, I want you to introduce your opinion on something. Argentineans, I would you cost to fire them? I mean, here's a people that are Spanish with them again, how the same background. Oh, for five years, see if I can find them? What's that? I would say you cost to fire them, depending on what people. Where would your rank come from? Rank in what is what? Rank in what's what? Rank with what? Rank in what? No, I'm also an American American singer. I'm a American singer. When I've got an application? Yeah. It has white Spanish and so forth. I'm white. I'm white. I mean my antis are as white as I mean they're from off trail. It'll be you before we believe it. Right. Well, what would that win you your opinion on that? Putting on what? Are you white? I'm white. You're Hispanic. You think you're white? Well, if you want to believe that go ahead. But I mean that I think we're white, though. We're white. And when I'm Spanish, I mean I'm not like no, there's no stick for a mean or something like that. Of course not. We believe you. So I'm better than them, right? You're a lot better. They have better drugs, but you better redress you're okay. Oh god, what is he? There's another guy wants to compartmentalize himself again. Like I try to tell you, stop worrying about all this ethnic horse craft. Will you please stop with it already? What am I am I this? Am I that? Am I? What is he? He's an asshole. Jesus Christ. 560, 5050, 5060 on the mobile one line. What am I? Like Admiral Stockdale, who am I? This guy's what am I? How about, you know, about five foot 10 full of, how about that? I don't know what you are. Bring it over here. Let's see it. 560, 5050, 5060, we're doing screenless and I still got a pump to get all these lines that have to make me feel better about my life. Not to make sense in different. So that you're a, I am. All right. Yes, sir. I'm a mutt by the way. And I, I was just looking for the other guy. I heard a click about the play. I would have heard it a while. Do you even think about the wire retiring? About what? Mark the wire retiring? Paul McGuire retiring? Yeah. No. Someone told me about it. I didn't believe it. Well, tell me, it's full of crap. Okay. Tell me, look at the box score here. It retiring. Okay. Just another home run the other night. And he's playing every day as if anybody cares. Anybody care about baseball here? No. Mark McGuire. No. Philistina McGuire. No. Call McGuire. No. And why are sisters? No. Okay. Wasn't the Philistina McGuire that got another thing with a cop out there. She got arrested for a drunk driving or something. This is a few weeks ago. Remember that? Got into a big snip. Rimes with. And she said, don't give me any. Hello to Q.A.M. How are you? I was talking to Neil. Speaking. Neil, I want to know. I really love your show. But how much of your material do you get from Howard Stern? None. Sounds like you did. I don't listen to Howard. So how can I get material from him, sir? Well, you sound just like him. No, I don't sound anything like him. I don't talk about any of the things he do. I talk about lesbians, about big breasts. No, you bring your mom. You want to call your mom? No, I don't want to call my mom. Some call her. I don't call my mom. Does Howard call his mom? Yeah. I don't call my mom. So your mama. Okay. Get a life. And by the way, I'm glad he reminded me, a newsweek magazine this week in that conventional wisdom thing they have with the thumbs up and thumbs down. Howard Stern, a big thumbs down here from newsweek, it said. Stern says little thin killer should have had sex with their victims and makes a Holocaust joke. Hello CBS. It says question mark. Not to mention, of course he had that jackass collar on the Denver affiliate, while we're trying in the middle of the whole thing to get everybody straightened out, get parents from being hysterical and finding where the kids were. You can keep Howard, okay, pal. You and Howard, I hope you have a great life together. I hope you're a lot together. So that you can cue a M. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, I can speak to Neil. Speaking. Yeah, how you doing? Okay. This is Neil. I'm listening, sir, but you're not saying anything. Let's go. Let's go. Oh, no. I just gotta say, when did you get back? Because I just flipped the radio on your application, right? I got back on Monday, sir. Monday. Four days ago. Thank God. Yeah. Good job. Okay. Thanks for the good news. The one we couldn't spit it out. 567, 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. But do you cue a M? Hello? Yes, sir. Ed Kaplan, your son of a bitch. Do you? Uh, W. Q. A M. Cole him. I've had the ball to call him up and say, okay, jackass. Q. A M. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Hello? Let me say one more time. Yes. Yeah, I'm sorry, George. Hey, we're talking to Neil. Neil speaking. Hey, how you doing? Neil, big fan of yours. Uh, listen. I saw, um, CMBC Teddovers. He mentioned you in the air. That's what I heard. Oh, that's what you heard? Good man. I'm a little bit of a huge dog. How much is the fan of yours? I watched the market and it's good to, uh, to really see MBC. Okay. All right. Have a great life. Do you have any cue? That's from three days ago. Q. A M. Hello? Yes, sir. Did you ever get the force today? He said that. He thought, New York is actually a better place. Was actually a worse place with a Florida. He had guards. I heard that he's, uh, just full of cramps. He said there's nothing to do there. Yeah, and that's because they won't let him back in the city. I just hope the penders do good in the shoe and I'll see you later. WQAM. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you, my friend? Okay. I'm escaping this hot hell hole for the weekend. Going up to New York City for a bash party. Yeah. So I have to call the groom a big hairy douchebag promise. Thanks, Neil. WQAM. I love you. WQAM. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I have no problem turning my radio off at two o'clock. There's no problem. But how come now I have to see that fat hank on ESPN? Let me ask you something. What do you have to see it for if he comes on you can't, how can he can't turn you down? We got the policy lock jaw. WQAM. Yes, sir. There's a one or make a comment on that. Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead. We're listening. Neil. Yes. So that engine team, guys. He doesn't know what he is. WQAM. Yes, sir. Tell him how it rolls. Okay. We'll tell him. WQAM. That's why he's listening to this show. QAM. Hello. Yes, I'd like to make a request. WQAM. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Good. Yeah. You know, he went to the government house. This is another just this jotty. And I don't know if they were local and not someone was telling about him. I think Bob. Don't bother. Don't bother. Don't bother. No, Bob. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is Bob. Bob, Bob. Bob, Bob, the boy, let's turn it real. WQAM. Yes. Another Howard hole. Yes. How come Howard's people all seem to be that same mentality? How come they're all morons? Yes, sir. I'm listening, sir. Speak to me. You're not saying anything. What is the cluster? What? A cluster? A cluster? WQAM. Oh, oh, boy. You guys are hurting today, George. Yeah. And I'm listening. Okay, Neil, God. Listen. One thing. One thing down here in Florida. That's all he said. He's from the best hockey being played that I've ever seen. And, you know, everybody panthers God. Everybody turns off the set. That's that hockey done. What do you mean everybody turns off the set? They won't watch you on the passes. We're playing either. Why would there be numbers of a symbol in have room for the knees, pop fans, fat ass less over? Sure. But, uh, it's a great hockey, uh, you know, coming down the pike here and killing me that Marty struck is no longer with us. Go get your. That was your buddy. WQAM. Go lead your songs ready. Come pick it up. WQAM. I don't mind the interesting, but I hate the swelling. WQAM. Yes, Chris Moore, please. Oh, he's not dirty. WQAM. Yeah, blow it on my ass. WQAM? Neil? Yes. I have a famous Mexican for you. WQAM? Lineshacker. WQAM. Yeah, hey. Can I talk to Neil? Speaking. Oh, hey, Neil. I just got a shameless request. WQAM? Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay. Listen, that you hear a Rooka is going to have an English. WQAM? I was a bit too much shout out. WQAM? Neil, you suck. WQAM? Neil, Neil, Neil. WQAM? Neil? Yes, sir. Got a question. Uh, seeing as a teller, it's national prayer day. I have a question about a book you mentioned a while back, uh, the death of God. What's the author on that? Never heard of a book called The Death of God. Never heard or it's a well-known affair. Well-togued, is that it's her by Charles Pemple. Well-togued. Charles Pempleden. Amazon.com. In order to run off the internet. Amazon.com. Right. Hold Templeton? Right. Thank you, so. Farewell to God. Say good bye. Say good bye to God. All right. I want you right to take a bite of... PENO GOD! Two. WQAM? Hello? Yes, sir. Who's that, George? No. George, God, you, sir. WQAM? Hello? Yes, sir? That's the Gnail, please. Speaking. Neil, are you breathing now? Are you in teams or better? WQAM? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just wanted to say my boss is a home one. He keeps it a WQAM? George, you have to go Neil. Speaking. Neil. Who's your father? WQAM? Hey! Do you know what I'm saying? And they had then by 1130. Do you know what I'm saying? I don't know. No, but you're real. No. Mexican WQAM? You don't live one-valed at that. WQAM? Oh, baby. WQAM? And you? That must have been Ken Wilson. Yes, sir. Can I call a Peelex? WQAM? Neil. Yes, sir? You have an intelligent conversation. I just need to talk to you before you hang up. You made a comment about the stuff that's component with the bombings and the shooting at the school and how Howard made a comma and everybody is on his case. I didn't say anything about how everybody's on his case because they're not on his case. They ought to be, but they're not. Okay. This is a situation over three hours worth of eight and they take one comma and they blow that up. And it's happened with you. It's happened. Sir, let me say it again. He had, I saw it live myself. I'm not going to debate it with you. He had his underling their captain, Jackass, called into the TV station, pretending to be somebody from the school, making getting Howard's name on the media again in the middle of a desperate situation work. Everybody's terrified for their kids' lives. And please don't try to apologize before I don't want to hear it. Okay, Jackass. And don't try to compare with anything I've ever said on his show. They should have been, they should have been, you know, having sex with the victims during the school. That's the mentality. If that's the kind of crap that you want to hear on a radio, it's a free country. He's got big numbers. He's making a billion dollars, more power to you. I'm not going to sit here and suck up to it because as far as I'm concerned, suck is the word. Okay. It blows. But some of you people, he could come to your house and ring the doorbell right now and rock 25 pounds of cows on your head. You say, oh, God, Howard, that's the best smell and cow. I can head my life. Do it again. Because you don't have a brainier role. Okay. You can't separate the week from the chat. Whatever that means. Four minutes before one at five, 60 WQM. By the way, tell Peter Leonard on smoking. Smoking some really good crap. Yeah, man. Don't miss the biggest automotive event of the year. It's Potank, Intoyol, it's $99.00 below in-boy sale. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Peter. I'm the one who's the one who's the two-hours. I'm gonna say, in my pocket, it's my bag of eggs. I can't say what it is on the radio, but it's just young and hey, pound out is power. Pack one hour, 14. That's who'd end up at the room, hot gover, bathroom sink. My mama bar is in. I'll start binge somewhere else. She did your giga-hole blind. If you keep touching yourself. Oh, right. Now, ladies and ladies and ladies, we have this going back to my room. We're just gonna go back to a whole roasting. My girl is me the boon. So now I've got blockin' my cheap, printed form on a set-hail. And go rambling that up a woman's gore. She's hummus the slack. Don't cross your eyes, let me pick this handier gonna go blind. If you keep touching yourself. Oh, I'm gonna go back to my room. I'm touching myself. Whoa, I'm touching myself. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, and thank you back here. Now I'm at the order and a little more wide. It's hard to see when I'm shooting because I got bad, good but Massher Banger's feet And I get these for a map of England and wrong with some personal questions. Not an ordinary stand. Then I should come join his box and spray his eye on no blind. From always touching my skin itself. On a 35-50 W2M, he's working his thing like your squad. I was just thinking this is the only show in America where we have this enormous number of people who have to pretend that they hate it. And he doesn't want to say, which makes him feel a lot better about themselves. And that doesn't bother me because I understand the closet is a large and very bustling place. 567-0560, Pomp 560, on the AT&T Wireless line, W2QA and hello. You know, the least people that can pair you to how much third I mean, what is wrong with them? There's nothing at all similar between you. Got this correct, that's right. You don't talk about T&A, like he does. I don't know, he's successful and I'm successful in my own little way in my own market here. And so therefore I guess I must be copying him. That's a mentality to Howard people. Anybody else who's successful, it must be ripping off Howard. Well, I don't understand it myself. Maybe there's anybody else. You know, Howard never takes hardly ever takes phone calls, which you do all the time. Howard, he's got a dozen people working on that show. Exactly. He's got all I mean, everybody's feeding him information. Why he's so funny. I mean, he doesn't do it all himself, like you, do he's funny. What was that? Well, yeah. What did he just do? Yeah. I mean, I mean, I, I, I, I, I mean, I, I have come up with Howard do something funny. Was when he had one DMC on a witch ass and some girl called in one of them who had the largest penis. He even he didn't ask the question to call her dead, but anyway, That's just ridiculous. And you people out there that that, that one keep calling and compare and you. Yeah. Grow up. Don't you understand it's just another shot. It doesn't make any difference whether it's that or what it is. They have to, you see, a lot better about themselves. So they have to take a shot. Makes them feel less guilty for listening. And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and as far as it with this Colorado thing, man, With these, with these, progress, please just enough as enough for ready. They're going to turn this into another friggin' ol' Jake. They're there with that. That's what they got in mind. That's right. You've already got, uh, these kids that are, like this more on that kill these two old people. All, now, he's watching videos if he's watching. They, that's their friggin' excuse now. They're watching videos. They're watching. Like Howardville said, turn it off and leave it off. Have a great day, sir. WQAM, hello. Hello, New York. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to say something other, some clouds that listen is out there. They're listening right now, right? You know, they are, you're all a bunch of faggets. Yeah. And they love, they love listening to another one. You know, they're saying, uh-huh. And it's like they wish they could give you oil. You know that. Yeah. If they met you somewhere, they did offer to give you oil. And I'd probably pass you most case. I think they're all sticking to the oven. Yeah. That's what the research says here too. By the way, I just looked at the Hispanic research and said, almost all of these are, um, things in there in the denial with Delilah. WQAM, hello. WQAM. Going once. Going twice. WQAM. I'm dying over here. WG, all the way to waste a much time. WQAM. Yes, sir. WQAM. The WQAM. The WQAM. Yes, sir. WQAM. The WQAM. WQAM. Yes, sir. A lot of upsets in the yeast and hot, you know. Such as all the low seeds are still in there. That's wrong. What made the most upsets? Just the lower. You think the west is not that- You think that Buffalo wedding in their series was an upset against Ottawa? Yeah, I do. I don't. No? You think that Pittsburgh was surprising that Pittsburgh beat the doubles? Yeah, very. I don't. No? No. You don't think, uh, please think about the west. Do you think Dallas would Detroit? Or Colorado. Yeah. Tell you what, right? Detroit, Colorado is going to be a blood bath. It starts tomorrow night. Blood bath. That's what most of you folks want, even without the big black guy named Woral. Come on, Woral. Who's somebody? Come on. Make me feel like a real man, Woral. W if you go in. Hello? Yes, sir. You? Speaking. Hey, what's up? You know who that is? I think that's the guy who says, You're talking about Bay County. Oh, sorry. He just got a little, uh, problem. Okay, keep flipping in there. He doesn't mean nothing by it. He just keeps saying. You're talking about Bay County. Right. Well, Lisa, sorry. We're not. W to Q.I.M. Hey, me, I don't. Um, F-n-t-serianny. Say, what is F? F-n-t-serianny. Means what? That's Jackie Jokeman's wife. And who? I like a alley, I'm a alley hole. I'm cool. I'm cool. I like that. I just... A schmuck, you saw like a New York schmuck to me. You sound like a real stuff. In fact, the city, the city is glad that you're gone. Mayor Juliani is ecstatic that you're out of the city. Okay? He's delighted that you're gone. Because you're... You sound like everything that's wrong with New York. And ever was. W to Q.I.M. So, will they... When did you come and over? W to Q.I.M. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Hey, listen. I use sort of this Cuban guy in the... W to Q.I.M. Neil, listen to you over the internet. In? Uh, listen. I have a really, really four-ass. What are you doing? W to Q.I.M. Be new, millennium does not be kids. W to Q.I.M. Hey, listen. I can do 20,000 of these. No problem at all. W to Q.I.M. Hello, Neil? W to Q.I.M. In? Of course, we'll all over. Who's the... who's he kid in that one? W to Q.I.M. Hello. Hi, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Good evening. You stand listening to these morons all the way. Hey, I've been doing it for 25 years, sir. I've been doing it for a very long time. It's nothing to assist that we're doing. A greater number today. We're going through about 45,000 of them. You know, you've got a... you need a raise, like, double your money or something. Double your touch. I want to talk about... I want to talk about... I want to talk about the immigration and that's what they're saying, sir. W to Q.I.M. Yes, Neil. And he's not any other callers? Yes, sir. Uh, you know, they have the right to bear arms, right? But they have the right to take the bullet away. Then you want to worry about having the bullet for the gun, right? Use some of this, Ben. W to Q.I.M. Who's that in the doorway, brother? Q.I.M. Hello? You're a man of high Cuban. Oh, we're back on the Cubans again. I'm sorry, I'm back on the... W to Q.I.M. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Hey, Neil, is it a... What the Chevy or two got? Is it 99 convertible? No. Hey, one more thing, Neil. What do you hear? What do you want to make if it's a convertible? Well, one of my friends got one of them, right? And he has this projection thing that he projects from the dashboard to the window. So, miniscreen, I was only going to do anything about that. Yeah, that's the head's up display that crawled. I knew that. That's not going to do that. You don't have to have a convertible to have that. I got that. Really? Yeah. Can I call somebody to do something like that? Nine minutes after one at five, 60 W to Q.I.M. Hollywood and embarrassment. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Recipro Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressed. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about Hedgehog. They scare the shit out of me. Intimidate damage, giving you whatever you want. That's right, Hedgehog. Think about it. Need some cash? Rub a bank. Don't have enough money for Peter. All of the convenience stores. Take chips and pretzels wire in. It's all free. You've got a Hedgehog. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. The simple solution of life's complex process. All you have to do is wait to five days for it. And happiness is just around the court. Hell, if you don't want to wait to five days, who cares? By the dancing of the street. Just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out. If he considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make it thanks. One, five days, five and sixty. W.T. and Hank Wilberg. It's two. We got Jim and it's six briefly because seven forty five. We're carrying the Dallas thing. The one in the NHL playoff game. And then after the game, we got Tom Jick at a night. Tom's going to be spending a whole time on the headcap and show talking about the A radio radio. Not. So you got an appearance this Saturday. How much the big shot? Wow. George Rodriguez makes it apparent that I'm strong GMC Pontiac in homestead. My old stomping ground. Oh, and homestead. Maybe a lot of Mexican will come see me. There you go. All of Mexicans are invited to come by. Both are used. And then I understand the net use been calling from that place where he's been hanging out. Yeah, that place. Am I going to do any more of that? No, I mean, in fact, don't even bring me any more of those. I told you when you brought that thing in the first place. And I'm going to tell you again right now. No. For the next one. No. No. No. It's an embarrassment. I mean, it's like, you know, when this is, you know, what goes back to the program director again. It goes back to pussy galore in that room in there. Because basically the sales department in conjunction with Sam the shame and he's other idiots in there. There are the ones that that drum up all of this crap. And he just sits in there. What is little by the way, if anybody seen his desk yet. No. George long since already got that employee of the month is $200 bonus. That was days ago. That was before I went on vacation, I believe. And here's our program. Our pussy galore in there are PG sitting at his little high chair. Make believe desk. You people that have two and three year old toddlers out there. They've stood in the high chair. Those high chairs are better desk than what he's sitting at right now. He's supposed to be our program director. See, that's the problem. This place just it just evolves. We got all these rolling durvishes like I told you over a year ago. I discovered that like within days after our first came here. Everybody's got their own little empire. All right, by the way, that's not Sam's office over there. That's just a temporary thing. They're going to be a production studio in there by the year 21. Zig or an Evans come back in 25. 25. Anybody believe that? Oh, because they lie a lot around here. That's one of their most famous things is they lie in they lie in they lie in they lie. And they just keep lying in lie and lie in. It's the QAMF in way, baby. And if you're part of that inner circle, if you're part of the undo shevels, then you can do whatever you want. But if you have to be like an underling like our pussy galore over here, our PG that sits at those little tiny desk. To call that thing a desk would be like to call a pencil a nuclear weapon, okay? Seriously. That's how ridiculous that is. To call that thing a desk that he's sitting at. And he just sits in there, you know, sucking all the windy can whatever he's sucking. And everybody else just goes in to the desk. That's the end. And if you want to tell you that right now, I don't care what your last name is. Your first name is we're not planning these baby crap games anymore. Putting this garbage on here. If you want to take advantage of that, go out anywhere you want. Be my guest. I'm not put it on the air. Almost you got some real promotion going on. Something that people might actually want to come by and get. Jesus, Kate, Christ. WQAM. Play some romstein. I want to kill John Gibson. Okay. Good point. I'll be right behind you in line. By the way, that's going to be our pull question from now on the end of the show today. What views are we going to play tomorrow? It's going to be on music Friday. Oh, yeah. On music tomorrow. Of my choice. Yeah. Going to be great. Going to have Ricky Martin on there. And we can speak here singing in English. I guess I'll have to buy that myself since what's his name over there. Konen and Julie didn't come through with that for me. WQAM. Yes, sir. They do. Okay. Did you read the article? Yes, about David Bryan. Not showing for the Moile. Yes, I did. Good for him. You're good for you, Dave. You know, that just symbolizes. You know, you stand on his own. I give the guy a lot of credit. That's right. We got one guy that works for that organization. That isn't a little suckle. And he's a good guy. He was David Bryan's great. He's a talent in that pair. I'll tell you that right now. You know, Wayne, how you say? He talks circles around that. Both of those are joe angels. He got a discreet man and end. No, I'm believable. It's like double a baseball. Did you see the picture in the paper this morning? Yeah. You could go bowling in the air. You could play around a golf in a stands there. Nobody would hit by a ball. When you go to the game, that'll help you control it. You can have your own section. Okay. WQAM. Hello. A meal. Yes, sir. Famous quarter weekends. WQAM. Hello, it's meal. Yes. What are you doing? Okay. Just wanted to mention all about an observation. It's Larry Flint and that guy, both will build the same person. Yeah. WQAM. Hey, Neil. What's up? How you doing, sir? How you got to get a little of the jerk out here calling. But it pumps up your way, right? Whatever you say. What can we do for us? Or what do you got? You're 10, all the afternoon. What do you got? On your 20th holiday holiday holiday. What do you got? WQAM. Turn up a little louder. Come on. You can do it. A little louder. We can't hear it. Come on. Can't do it. WQAM. Hands are probably both occupied. Hello. I'm talking to Neil. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. I want to say one thing that the Murray brothers can go puck themselves. Yeah. I am sick and tired of him. I want to get him out of town. Well, they're not going anywhere. I want him out of here. They're not going. I'm protesting. Well, I'll protest all you want. Don't go to the games. Okay. They're not going for me. He's protesting. You eat your little 2x5 car. I got some of those, uh, some of those buttons from two years ago. You're a little on Bill Torrey's bow ties. You've ever done any good. You think so? Think it'll do. No. I don't need it. WQAM. Yeah. I was just going to really get you out while you're gone. I'm sorry. It was great. In fact, I couldn't George back on right now. I love religion. Now what he talked about in. Right. I'll come to him. I'm going to talk. 560, 560, pound 560. And like I said, they're all more on each and every one of them. They're all more on. See, I have a lot more on. But, at least, they have a few people of smattering out there. People with an IQ larger than their penis. WQAM. Can you imagine if he did take phone calls on that show? QAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to get your opinion on something. I'm going to win a lead, sir, pen. I'd say the lead's in 6, 5 or 6. I think he's going to be a starting series. It's going to be great. 7 to 5, 6 to 4, lot of goals, baby. Leave a feed out. Yeah. Okay. WQAM. Hello. That must have in front. Cisco or work a junior. Yes, sir. Are you doing Neil? Right. Listen, I said, show for George. It's going to be George in Pablo, Paloca. Uh-huh. So it's a stick and a stick ball. Yeah. And in Cesta is best, okay. Whatever you say. Aren't these people creative or? No. A clever, funny, amusing, interesting, dynamic, a lot. No. Breathing? No. Creative? No. Terminal? Yeah. What was it? Okay. He's thinking about it. WQAM. WQAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty much. Everybody better than you. Come by the way. This is what it is. Yes. What is it? That's so fast. No. That's not. WQAM. How is that? WQAM. Hey, Neil. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. If they're terminal, put them on in the morning. An idea. And. Good point. You know, I was surprised. There's a buffalo auto was serious. I'm surprised. It went for. I mean, auto was just going to go on. Are you surprised? I'm surprised. What was it going to do? Was it going to be over in three? No. There's another good hockey comment. He was surprised. It went for. WQAM. What was it going to do? WQAM. Marty. Go ahead. WQAM. Why are you boring, pal? QAM. Maybe you can be ordered up the air. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. I. WQAM. That's the. You know, this is interesting. But now all the Julios, the one time was looking for the yesterday of the day before. Talking about a whole thing with the cigar magazine and all the stuff about the baseball game. When I was asking for them to call, they had nothing to say because they had nothing to say period. But now I notice all of these people that you've seen is in these numbers here. Now all of a sudden they're on the phone. They still got nothing to say. But they make a little sound. Little noises. Little squeaky sounds like a scored score. I like that with each other. WQAM. I just farted. WQAM. My fault. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Can I take the mail play? Speaking with a sock over it. Yeah. You got a clothespin on your nose or what? What? I said have a nice day. WQAM. Hey Neil. Yes. When I catch all those Cubans in this street. WQAM. QAM. Hello. You're missing? I've gone through 42,000 calls here since 1130. And we've had like two of them that were like real living and breathing people. Two. I'm exaggerating. WQAM. You put the lotion in. WQAM. WCM. WCM. WQAM. QAM. You can do what? Come on. Stick that phone right up here. Right. Go. I guess you ever did. WQAM. Okay, sir. Maybe I'll make a short and sweet thing that I'm not a great show today. I'll start for you. Why is that? Well, nobody wants to really say much. Everybody wants to ask whole Thursday. They all want to be asked. They do want to expect that. They're job. They got no material. Don't you understand? This is nothing new. It's just a different form of the same thing. Yeah. Maddie. Come on. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. What would you think that was? WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. He's laughing at WQAM. Boblar. WQAM. WQAM. Yellow cone, yellow. What were today, aren't they? Uh-huh. My God. I like to kill every show around here. Don't worry about it. Bye. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. You sound a red dog. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. We do fretless. Redcott goes down easy, and it's never hard on your throat. So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck redcott. You can shake it and spray it all over. Remember, you can't eat a redcott. Just look for the label with a big redpacker on the front. 131 and 560WC. Just remember those record differed John Peanus' daughter. Remember that holds his daughter, about two? You're getting a head start. You're going to do a QAM. The LECAST WQAM. Hello, Vice-Mitzeniel. Speaking, sir. Hello, NERID. I haven't called him before, and I've been listening to your program this morning. And I have to say, I agree that your audience are pretty poor, but I do think that you really need to take a certain amount of blame for that. You want to answer? What's the blame? Well, did you will only discuss topics with interest in you? How did you discuss anything you wanted to discuss? What do you want to discuss? What do you want to discuss? I wanted to discuss the fact that you criticized people's polling. No, sir. I want to discuss. Why do you listen to this show? Obviously you're listening before. Why do you listen to this show? In the HUT, the one day you might have something of quality on it. No, I have nothing of quality. Better turn it off right now. What else is there? Okay. WQAM. Hello, NERID. Hello, NERID. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? WQAM. Hello. Hello. WQAM, hello. Great stuff. Yeah. Actually, I was out there yesterday. There are 13,000 people there. I think you're seeing 100 would have been an exaggeration. I mean, I'm sure that's about right. When I showed this shot on television, you couldn't see all those kids sitting way down there, left you a line on the upper deck. Would you cancel in the paper this morning? But the number of people you could see, I mean, I was saying to myself, there's a few hundred people there. It's unbelievable. Even with the kids in the upper deck in NERID, I must have been TSA school day there because they had like 5,000 for people who would get up there. Right. So maybe maybe 6,000. Right. Including the 5,000. What I've been interested in, why would you lie about 13,000 versus 3,000? What difference is it? And not only that, they say, well, that's a ticket sold. But why would there be 5,000 more ticket sold for a Wednesday afternoon and want a clock in and there was for Monday night. Why? I think it just makes it enough because they're too embarrassed. Well, that's why they call it a getaway game. Well, they didn't plan to tell you that the fans of the ones are getting away. Exactly. Actually, you know, if you love baseball and you go up and see the game, it was great. I don't think you're in a bad direction. And Rose from the dugout, you buy a ticket that was you walk up. It was fantastic. Yeah. What were you to the baseball part come in? Well, I didn't say a problem. They left that part out. Take care. Okay. Don't forget that new stadium man. Send your money and send you nickels and pennies. That's right. We're taking up a collection. Okay. For John Henry. Now, who of course lied through his teeth? Oh, that's right. If the public doesn't want to come up with the money, I'll build my own stadium. Do you think he's going to do that? No. No. Now he's pouring the thing out. You know, whichever city or county comes up with the best deal, whoever's going to go out of put forward the most public money, underlining the word public. He keeps saying that over and over again. You know what they say, John Henry was a piled driving man? Back home. Yeah. He's driving them all right. Piles are sprouting all over town. Back home. Just think about the prospect of spending hundreds of millions to build a goddamn stadium for a team that nobody wants to go see in a town that everybody is dead. WCQAN. Good afternoon. How are you? Great. Today, he really proves one thing. And that is that your numbers are actually higher than the IQ of the average list. That is correct. But anyway, I wanted to talk to you about something I heard these good Christians speaking at work to you. And they found out that one of our co-workers was his joe of his witness. And they also thought it's talking to making front of them and stuff like that. And of course, he wasn't there to defend himself. And one of the guys's thoughts off and says, Well, at least he believes in something. He's not one of these damn atheists. Right. Actually, he's not one of these. He's in back to the degree of humble craft. And I don't even even some craft any role. Yeah, as long as this was super-sician and black. But I explain, I don't know, but if you're not even working with some godless of piece of tear that, you know, I know a little cripple that doesn't need a crutch. I said, I think he is dobligmas up there. And he said, what is that? And I said, is that. Do you people are all full of craft? Right. And he's really demanding anything else to say after that. He's pretty much confused. And I kind of knocked him off his horse. I don't know. I guess. Isn't that like a redundancy confused religionist? religionist yeah yeah I'm talking about yeah yeah I mean good drugs around here because we got all of your makin no good sit down restaurants no within a mile we got we got we got the we got chucks of course thank god for chucks up center on a corner for 41 on a day we got the diner next door we said I'm like was pretty good that day although it didn't give me but we don't even have a skanky dairy cleaner on here now we only got a few fast to be talking about Kentucky fry next door which uh... and we got uh... McDonald's of course we got a play or chopper count but you know too much pork uh... that can do some strange things to especially if you're Jewish just we don't have a good sit down place we don't have a uh... fountain place we don't have a deli uh... we don't have much of anything around here leave it to Gregory live it to a goi like him to put a station in a place like this you know even packed even packed so they put a place over there in hollywood you know there was the deli then and there was wolfies which became popper next to what but there was a whole variety of stuff around that's because basically the were few jews around in that neighborhood here it's like uh... goi and foreigners on w q a m last time i was in the is a shooting craft in the t-room w q a m speak with the uplayer yes sir speaking yes i am i'm looking for the and joyer show born raised for the resident uh... i saw a pans are game for the first time with my son really enjoyed it about the macarena was pretty neat place you got a t-shirt from those can things and uh... i enjoy your show you're nothing like our turnhards turnstock you roll okay got bless you sir in the checks in the mail w q a m short yes play re runs they like you George w q a m hello yes from the time the ticket shot to you through me and they don't even know they're talking to me that's how stupid they are you're a moron sir you're a jackass we run your uh... idiot see that look i said that's our crowd they got to keep taking the shots they were attacking you the attack and me that's all i know is attack attack attack they're listening to the love it but that's their whole mentality because got forbidden at first all they know i don't like the second around which is to add a one here all you want i don't want to hear that crap i know i'm great okay i know George is a fine job when i'm on vacation even though he is doing that public alone the thing depend like i said he wants to cash plus it's in homestead where he'll be safe w q a m maybe you would be in bed w q a m i want me out about swishful thinking yes sir i was i wanted to know uh... two things number one today's uh... public funding for the uh... for the macarena and for the first day did no for the american airlines to build for the building no but for the all the rest is all kinds of hundreds of millions of public funds the dollars that are coming out now as we expect it right now why do you feel that it's wrong for john and read a seek public funds for the and you can seek all he wants i'd rather just uh... he shouldn't get it uh... why why is that do i have to explain it to you sir because there is no interest because we have lousy schools we have over crowded schools we have a county that's bankrupt and they county we got a zillion needs that we need public money for the last and we need is another arena another stadium is that hard for you to understand sir no i have no problem okay thank you my case pretty good there and i scroll down thank you and they'll go twenty two before two at five sixty w qm if you call this big market radio no my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is oh my name is my name is my name is my name is uh... my name is my name is my name is my name is well hi kids y'all like to a little speakers that fun a little sound becomes right out you think one of copy me in to exactly like i do get paid for writing little songs about boobo my brain's all gone i've tried to get my groove off But I can't figure out which spot is true. I'm gonna fart on. You doctor, Dr. Dreas. You old man, you pass, kids. Yeah, I'm not. What do I smell as? Man, you look wet. Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell. I thought Griffin gas isn't too, it was pretty swear. I got this off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard and turned my underwash backwards. Like Chris Cruz. And every night, I'm like, oh, dinner gas. Then fart up my ass, spats in a fat, bitch, you ass you fat. Smell this honey. You'll get a plate of my stuff, girl. I don't give a bitch. God said me to think the world out. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. Okay. My ain't it. My ain't it. I can see to want to meet kids out back in Javier Ha. The problem was some problem I asked him to die. I shot him into face with my baby. What's happened later? When I covered his desk with his toilet paper. Walking his drizzler, my trashers will fill the most of the bartenders took a dump in a ticker. Went over to a dancer, had a fucking agar. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father. Not a night and sent him my life, I was lied to. I just found out my mom got all gas to that dude. I thought I was a love to be a famous rapper. They corrected about very noisy. They'd all the crap on. You know you would dirt when the women rush to leave. You try to hold it back, but you mustn't. It relieved the sky and white gas. My team was in two. My aim is... My aim is... Me, my aim is... My aim is... My aim... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... Why didn't you do that earlier, what are you talking about? I'm one of those shows, you know, the filler music. Eminem? Well in other words, now I think it doesn't have the other stuff. Your thing has got the master stuff for the RC. And I don't know what's category to under. This may take a while. Okay, we're working out because I don't want to have to go out and spend the money on Eminem. Oh, God, the unreal thing. Anybody know what I'm talking about? No. I'm not a part of my work, I'm a part of my work. How many of you are in? Hey Neil, how are you doing? Okay sir. Listen, I know you're going to be leaving that tool class. Yes. Can you extend the show another hour? Oh yeah, right. Come on. No. I got three things to you and I'd like the first thing is I heard you're saying that you don't have nowhere good to eat around there. And I think if you go right across the street to brothers are Brooklyn, they have a full line of burnt head deli meat that I think you'll love. Brothers of Brooklyn is across the street from the station. Yeah, brothers of Brooklyn. And I'm what street is that? They're on 441 and they're right across the street from your building. Brothers of Brooklyn. They got a full line of boys. They only tell you the only thing I always across the street from this building is a tire and they oil chain place. No, if you look down on the street on 441, you'll see a place called brothers of Brooklyn. From you, I think it's north. Okay. And the second thing is next time you go on vacation, please tell us so I can tell you that's a go on vacation because you're a very bad cock-off. Okay, thanks. Thank you very much. You said that for you. WQAN. QAM. Okay, that must have been what's the name Armando? WQAN? Hello. Life calls. WQAN. Hello, Neil. Yes? I love you a lot better than Hours III. Yeah. How have you been done in the morning? Okay. I'm not on again. Whatever you say. What about Hours? 560560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. A city, an entire community with no material. Zero and none. Zippity Duda. And in case you had any doubts before, those of you listening all around the world and all the ships had seen and fast to heal it. There you go. Here's the answer today. We scraped right away. See the only people that had even a minimal amount of material, they're gone. They've gone. Bye-bye. Soon as it gets to be April right around pace-off, right around Easter time, they wrap up their monsters and their Easter eggs and they say, bye-bye. See what? What? I couldn't find it. But I found it. Yeah. Reno. I like our version better. Oh yeah. Retarded Reno. My book routine EMGs. Reno. That's pretty good. Why did they play that we joined music by the way? Is that what put us over the top of the, uh-huh. The numbers are that real funky, regional music to say, make us sound real trendy and hip, then, huh? Yeah right. Anybody who's trendy and hip, listen to this station, I'll tell you that right now. They're all listening to a waxy. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. Marty, go! boring. WQAM. Hello. Yes, I wanted to speak to Neil. Speaking. This is Neil? Sounds like me. This one, I just wanted to call him, and say, you know, I moved back down here about a year ago. I'm sorry. Yeah, really, let me tell you. I moved back down from Orlando. Oh, yeah. I used to think that, um, the red next up there in Orlando were bad, but coming back down here and listening to some of these people calling on your phone and trying to take these wide cracks that you, I mean, is it like make them bigger people? No, it's just that they had nothing to say. So this is their material. They think they're clever. They think they're funny. They're playing with themselves. They're playing with each other. This is, uh, this is it. That's what you got here. Well, I'll tell you what, man. I'm about ready to move back up there to redneck country and get me a good redneck button, bottom of the set of teeth, compared to these people here. All right. All right. Well, you find a lot of teeth around here too, but most of them are in a glass. So you keep your chin up, man. Okay. I'll keep my chin ball up all the time. Sure, play to mean chin ball and Neil Rogers. You know, Neil, come on. Right. How's Orlando doing, by the way, speaking of chin ball? It's 11, before two or five, 60 WQAM. He better come. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.